1869.
T3g$ ; COSTGrRE$SIO$"Ak
failed to see any warrant in the .Constitutioa
for such a conclusion. The electors are dis-
tinct bodies, charged with particular functions;
totally independent of Congress. Their busi-
ness is not legislation. Their powers arg not
derived from law, but Constitution. .Laws
prescribe the time and mannef-of performing
them, but nothing more. Congr.ess may de-
cide, as I have said, whether or not the State
exists, because that is legislation. But grant-
ing the State, it would,seem to be just ,as ra-
tional £o say that the electors may decide who
are members of Congress as that Congress may
decide who are electors.
■ By analogy, and in the absence of legisla-
tion, it would seem that the electors in each
(State shall decide who are members of their own
body. But this mode of settlement, though
good in theory, is utterly worthless in practice.
The electors in each State are elected by a gen-
eral ticket. Bach party has its set of candi-
dates, and all of either party will be elected or
all defeated. In cases of contest, therefore,
there will be two bodies meeting in the State
and performing their functions separately, each
claiming to be the true electors. And when
the time of counting shall arrive the President
of the Senate will open two papers from the
State, and two sats of votes for different candi-
dates will present themselves, each claiming to
be the,one to be counted.
i Here is the true casus omissus, but it seems
to me to be rather in law than in Constitution.
It is only the votes of the electors that are to
be counted; the Constitution could go no fur-
ttier'than this. It might as well prescribe the
manner of ascertaining who are elected mem-
bers of Congress as to prescribe-the manner of
ascertaining who are elected electors. Both
these are properly left for legislation.
But who shall legislate, the United States or
the States? The electors are to be appointed
in the manner directed by the Legislatures of
the States. If Congress had been clothed with
the power of directing in what manner the
electors should be appointed nobody would
hesitate to affirm that Congress should pre-
scribe the means of ascertaining whether that
du.ty faiid been properly performed, and hence of
setjling contested elections of electors. As the
case stands the argument is just a? strong that
tl)is is left to the State Legislatures. I am,
therefore, clearly of the opinion that the Con-
stitution lias left the whole matter of devising
means to determine who are and who are not
electors to Hie States themselves. If I am
right in this it is to be regretted that no State,
as far as I know, has as yet performed this
duty, since no man can tell how soon a contest
in a single State may be sufficient to change
the apparent result of an election and possibly
plunge the country into civil war.
The Constitution contemplates but a single
certificate from each Slate. If two should
present themselves, each perfect upon its face
and showing differentresults, in the absence of
State legislation devising means to settle the
question, I am not prepared to say that .Con-
gress might not determine which is the true
one. Neither will I say that that ppweris not
granted to the President of the Senate alone.
I see as much warrant in the Constitution for
oije opinion as the other. This ambiguity only
exhibits more strongly the necessity of proper
State legislation that the contingency may be
avoided.
Thirdly, the certificates are to be opened
by the President of the Senate, in the presence
of the Senate and House of Representatives,
" and the votes shall then be counted." By
whom and in what manner the Constitution
does not provide. This, 'therefore, is left to
legislation, and as the States are intrusted with
no duties and clothed with no powers in the
premises after the casting of the .electoral
votes and forwarding the certificates, there is
no difficulty in determining that this legisla-
tion must emanate from Congress. Congress
might empower the judges of the Supreme
Court to do this, or it might appoint members
j}£ its own body, or ajiy-other persons. Butit
should be done by previously.enacted law.
The act of 1792, the only one upon the sub-
ject, does not prescribe by whom or in wh#i,
manner Uk-votes shall be counted, and the
twenty-second joint, rule attempts to supply
the defect. This, I think, is irregular. Ihe
two Houses may adopt rule? for their pwn
government, but the.counting of the electoral
votes in no way pertains to the government of
.the i>vo Houses. The sam,e objection .lies to
the concurrent resolution passed a few days
ago with -respect to the State ol't Gteorgiaj that
it is not law, but merely in effect, a joint vote
adopted for the particular occasion. This,
however, is not material in the present in-
stance. The votes being properly counted as
far as they affect the result nobody is in a
position to take advantage of the defect.
A single question only remains; what is
the position, what are the powers and duties
of the two Houses of Congress assembled at
th§ opening of the certificatesand the counting
of the votes? Much confusion has been caused
in the debate upon the resolutions of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, by what I conceive
to be a misnomer; most of the gentlemen who
addressed the House spoke of the persons
assembled at the counting of the electoral
votes as a joint convention. This is a great
mistake. The votes are not to be counted in
the presence of the Senators and Representa-
tives, otherwise there might be some warrant
for calling the assemblage a joint convention ;
but "in the presence ot' the Senate and the
House of Representatives." This necessarily
requires thorough, complete, and separate
organization of each body, each having its gvyn
Presiding Officer, its own Sergeant-at-Arms,
its own Secretary or Clerk.
I am aware that the opposite opinion may
derive some support from the twenty-second
joint rule, which says, after providing for the
meeting of the two Houses, "the President of
the Senate shall be their Presiding Officer."
But a joint rule cannot change the Constitution ;
it .cannot make one body of' what the Consti-
tution .makes two distinct ones. As far as the
rule attempts to do this it is simply void. I
see no difficulty, however, in the two Houses
agreeing upon a single person to preserve order
within the Hall. In this sense, and in this
only, they may be said to have a single Presid
ing Officer. But his powers in this respect are
limited to the performance of that duty. He
can put no question to the two Houses. As
President of the Senate he can govern his own
body according to its rules. As the ministerial
officer appointed';by the Constitution to open
the certificates he can perform that duty and
such others pertaining thereto as may be put
upon him by previously enacted laws.
How absurd, then, was it for the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Boiler] to appeal
from what he called the decision of the Chair.
How could such an appeal be decided ? Not
surely by the joint body, for there was no joint
body there. Not by the two Houses separately,
for,the President of the Senate could put no
question to the House. Besides, the House
could only entertain an appeal from the decis-
ion of its own Presiding Officer, the Speaker.
I repeat, how absurd was the idea of such an
appeal, and what downright folly was it for the
same gentleman to propose in the House after-
ward to censure the President of the Senate for
not entertaining the appeal! The House very
properly laid the whole subject upon the table by
a large vote, though the proposition had been
greatly modified and purged of much that was
objectionable. We were not willing that even
necessary legislation should grow out of so
anomalous a proceeding.
What, then, is the position of the Senate and
House assembled at the counting of the votes?
I answer, simply that of witnesses. They are to
see that the business is done according to the
Constitution and laws. If occasion requires,
they are to separate and take sucli action as
may be necessary. But it is said, are the two
ilouses then assem-b-led powerless to prevent:*
w,ro.tig ? , Are, we aj; the mercy of a single indi-
vidual ? ..Suppose th# BtasidejitiOf the Senate
should refuse jto open .th^.pertifiaateSj'.or should
withhold enough votes from thetefcs to change
the jres^iltaf the election? This isJmrdly-a^ajS^
for conjecture. It did not hopper when,Mr;
Breckinridge -was at the same time President
of the Senate and conspirator jfi a. projected
r^bellis.n. But suppose anybody else shpuld
violate ike law, Igt-the l%w.punish him «,nd-re-
dress th? wrong. If the malefactor is Vice
President, impeach and,remove him at once;
if simply President of the Senate, let the£>etm^5
.depose him aud appoint auotjier:
- In conclusion I would submit the following:
1. Let the provisions of the join,t. rule. for
appointing persons to count the electoral vote?
be enacted into a law. 2. Let no question-as
to whether an allegedStateisaState, and there-
fore entitled to cast electoral votes, reijiaiji
unsettled until the day of counting, even though
the settlement may not affect the result.. Let
the status of every State be unmistakably fixed
by previous legislation founded upon principles
that may give rise to a series of precedents
acquiesced in and approved by the commu-
nity ; and 3, let the Legislatures of the several
States provide the means for settling cases of
contested elections of electors. This could
be much more readily done if the electors were
elected in separate districts. It is objected,
however, that the ruling party in a State may
so district the State as to give it an undue ad-
vantage. This evil, however, is of limited ?cope,
and experience shows that the attempt to .get
this advantage very frequently produces exactly
the opposite result. Besides, the antagonistic
party in other States may dp the same thing.
Hence it may be fairly supposed that by the
balancing of opposite wrougs a general result-
ant of right may be obtained.
Mr. SHANKS and Mr. BRQMWELL next
addressed the committee. [Their remarks
will be published in the Appeudix,]
CONDITION or Tllli COUNTRY—DUTIES OF TUB
GOVEKXMENT.
Mr. BLACKBURN. ■. Mr. Chairman, it is
deemed advisable and of utility at the present
juncture of affairs for southern members ,on
this floor to speak on the condition of the epun 
try, and especially of their respective sections,
and I have, very willingly I confess, consented
to lend my feeble and untried efforts in this
behalf; and in doing so 1 shall take the liberty
and assume the responsibility of saying some-
thing in regard to what I conceive to be the
duties of the Federal Government in the-same
connection ; and, as is my habit, because- it
is my nature, I shall speak my thoughts with-
out disguise-and with truth and freedom, using
no display of studied rhetoric nor strained and
far-fetched flower of speech to make plain
truths any the more palatable to the perverted
sensibilities of those who may be more pleased
with the polished arts of dissimulation and
special pleading than with the naked and blunt
shafts of candor and common sense ; and the
more determined am I in this purpose and in
this course of action when I remember so well
thftt the great curse and despoiling influence
of earth, since man's first disobedience, has
been lack of candor among men, and the want
of that firm stamina in moral worth which
enables one to do right for the sake of righteous-
ness and speak the truth under $11 circum-
stances and fear no evil, to "be just and fear
not."
Sir, it were perhaps more foolish than a labor
of love for me at this time to refer to the once
happy estate of this country, or allude to the
many blighting causes which have wrought such
deplorable ehange. We all know the history:
of our country, and the more especially the
history of the last few years; and the lesson
of this history is the more indelibly impressed
upon our minds because it has been written
with the implements of war, and its pages letfc,
crimsoned with the blood of patriots who died
