1198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
tliat we might live, perchance as freemen, and
perchance as slaves. And now, sir, as a native
of that section or'pariionof this great Federal
-Union called the South', and as One who has
nO stain of treason attaehifig to his humble gar-
menfs, no damned blood-spot wrung from the
hearts of patriots resting upon his hands, I
claim to apeak knowingly and understanding^
of my immediate locality, because I certainly
have the facility so to speak; and I claim the
right to expect, and'if need be to demand due
consideration from'all other sections of our com-
mon country. And do gentleman really wish to
"k'ftowthe-true condition of affairs at present in
the South, in the Stateof Louisiana, and Will they
believe and' act when they hear? Or will th-ey,
as has heretofore been too much the case, heed
but lightly the tale of woe and desolation as
told by the pen and the tongue of loyalty, and
turn in silence away, or, at most, indulge in
some rather lame, vague, illy-digested, and
retaliatory act of legislation, which shall only
aggravate the evil without working any whole-
some remedy for a single vile wrong complained
of? Verily, we shall see!
In relating the wrongs and the wants of
the'nattirally fair and exceedingly lovely land
in which I live—a land once happy and pros-
perous beyond degree, and always quite as
beautiful and as much to be eoveted as the
"land of the'East and the clime of the sun,''
the greatest difficulty is in deciding where or
with what special items or class of facts to
begin. The glorious old blind bard whose in-
spired lips portrayed the woes of a lost para-
dise, and the beauties of that "new heaven
and new earth," to which the first transgres-
sion, perhaps, naturally led, dealt much in
imagery and drew largely upon imagination
to give symmetry and completion to his pages;
but southern woes, southern wrongs, and south-
ern wants, with that exceeding beauty and
loveliness of newlife and renewed and increased
prosperity which may follow if we but half
perform our duties, all need no such forced
pageantry, and will tolerate no such poetical
license in their record.
It is said the war-for the Union is over and
the victory for loyalty won. Is this true? It
may be so on paper, but I fear practical truths
would tell another and a different tale. Is it
wl-itten that he who fights for the truth and up-
holds the right and wins shall therefore, in con-
, sequence of his victory over error and wrong,
suffer, and be made an instrument for torture
and the'slave of those over whom he has tri-
umphed in battle? It would seem that this
proposition implied a strange rale in right and
a very unnatural theory in moral ethics. And
yet is it possible; ay, is it not true, that this'
great Government, the wonder and glory of
the civilized world, has tolerated, if indeed not
sanctioned, this strange inconsistency in moral-
ity and truth, this wonderful perversion injus-
tice and right ?
Sir, if it be true in theology that he who is
guilty of one sin is guilty of all, or if it be true
that one sin unrepented of and unatoned for is
sufficient to entail untold miseries in the spirit
land, then this Government does not stand
guiltless to-day toward its loyal" citizens ; but
its skirts are as scarlet and its robes terribly
stained with the patriot blood of those devoted
citizens who have trod the wine-press of loy-
alty, justice, and truth alone and unrequited.
It is thought a good code or rule in moral
and legal justice that it were better that ninety
and nine guilty ones should go unpunished than
that one who is innocent should be executed.
But in the policy or practical workings of the
machinery put into operation by the Federal
Government toward the loyal men of the
South since the formal close of the war of the
rebellion, this rule -has been reversed ; for I
know, alas! but too well, from personal expe-
rience and individual observation, that for every
guilty man that has suffered the penalty of his
crimes, hundreds of innoeent and just men
have been put to death alone for their virtues
and devotion to liberty and' ttuth. And yet
who cares for any nf these' things?' Fo^itt1
stance, what has the Government ever done
practically to correct such unnatural condition
of affairs ? - :
As a slight exemplification of what I mean',
I will relate the facts of a case wfiich has but
recently come before me: Since my arrival
in Washington I have redeived from a citizen
of my pongressional district, now a refugee in
Ohio, a letter portraying some'of the wrongs
and outrages perpetrated upon him by the as-
sassins of his section, who still roam at large
bidding defiance to the most powerful and the
" best Government the world ever saw." This
poor, distressed man, whose full letter and
name I have in my possession, after relating
how several white men were murdered and how
he escaped by flight, goes on to say:
" Besides. I know of seven colored men, all in one
parish, who were murdered in cold blood for no other
reason than that they dared to vote as they pleased,
and acted in accordance with law. Now I would
like to know if the Representatives of this great na-
tion intend to let loyal citizcns be slaughtered in
cold blood by traitors, and permit these assassins to
roam over the country boasting of their acts of
cruelty, while the loyal and true that are not already
dead are driven from their homes and possessions
permanently? I think it a groat hardship that I
must be broken up entirely for my loyalty and not be
permitted to return to my home and friends and pos-
sessions, while the murderers remain there in the
full enjoyment of liberty and their ill-gotten gains.
My son died since I left, and I dare not even visit his
grave, and the rest of my family are still there and I
cannot see them. And my having to leave before my
crop was gathered—for X left in j.uly—it is about
lost. I think it a great haidsliip,, when we have a
Congress so largely Republican, that they should
permit so many of the nation's true friends to be
treated in the manner that they are, aud not bring
the offenders to justice. Please answer me and let
me know whether you think there will bean effort
made to protect the lives and property of the Union
men in the South, so that if it comes to the worst I
can remove my family and st:iy away. I know not
who else to apply to but my Representative that X
had the honor of supporting."
I repeat, the full letter of this gentleman—
this outraged southern loyalist—with his name
and the names of several white men of his
parish who were murdered for their devotion
to their country, is in my possession, and can
be seen by any one in this House desiring it;
and I will say the half is not told in the extract
which I have quoted.
And what of all this? Is there anythingnew
or uncommon in this case? Is it not common
in the glorious, chivalrous, sunny South for
men loyal to the Federal Government to be
driven from their homes or murdered like dogs,
thus leaving their heart-broken wives and fam-
ishing little ones to bewail their sorrows to the
passing breeze, perchance to live and feed upon
the cold and festering charities of treachery
and wrong, or, what were preferable, die and be
forgotten by a world and a Government which
seem to have forgotten there is a God!
Mr. BROOMALL. I would like the gentle-
man from Louisiana to explain how Congress
can remedy the evils of which he complains,
inasmuch as Congress can only pass laws and
not execute them, and inasmuch as the fault
seems to be that the laws already existing are
not executed? The fault seems to be, not"that
we need more laws, but better execution of
those we have.
Mr. BLACKBURN. I will answer the gen-
tleman. The difficulty has arisen from the
deplorable fact that we have not bad a loyal
President. We have had a man as President
of the United States who has betrayed equally
the principles of the party who placed him in
power and the principles of truth and justice.
Look at the official records which come up
from the South, '• sworn to and subscribed,"
and all reeking with human gore! And gen-
tlemen whose loyalty to their Government
never cost them a penny, but who have fattened
and prospered at every step, from the firing
upon Fort Sumter to its ceasing on the plains
of Virginia, may sit back and smile in derision
at the "mendicant story" of southern' wrong
upon men whose devotion to their country's
cause cost them something. - Be it so, and
perhaps it is as well; for when history repeats
itself twice in one age, as it is now doing, men
who have through one series of long years suf-
fered untold woes for a cause which seems to
have proven itself unworthy of such devotion
will scarcely so readily again cast their bread
upon 'waters which seem' destined never to
return it; and if the story of the pearl and
the swine has to be remembered as a warning,
then " shake not your gory locks at me."
This theme is a sickening one, and I, fol
one, would fain let it forever rest with the sad
memories of what should have never been. I
have only hinted at sufficient facts in this con-
nection to remind gentlemen that they know
not of what they speak when they speak
lightly of these things. If they could go with
me through the wild woods and by-paths of
my native forests I might show them a land
dotted with the new-madegraves of those whose
only forfeiture of life was a too unflinching
devotion -to a Government which has allowed
them to be murdered like wilxl beasts'are slain
and avenged not their wrongs ; "alia not only
so, but a Government which perhaps has beett
somewhat instrumental in instigating, not de-
signedly, of course, but nevertheless perhaps
has been somewhat instrumental in working
up the terrible passions which have culminated
in wrongs which plead to Heaven and call
upon a just God for retribution. And it is on
this point that I would now speak ; and, ac-
cording to promise, 1 shall speak plainly and
candidly, asking no favor nor palliation from
any power known to earth.
It will not be disputed that all wars result
from the wickedness and misrule of men, and
are in many respects evils, if not totally so.
This is especially true in regard to the late war
in this country, called the slaveholders' war
or the war of the rebellion. My own opinion
is that it was a fit calamity, if not a natural or spe-
cial retribution, uponthefolly of an enlightened
and civilized nation for the self-destroyingin-
gratitude displayed in the political' crucifixion
of such patriots and statesmen as the immacu-
late Webster and the immortal and invincible
Douglas. It is decreed in the combination and
wise workings of truth and error, right and
wrong, under the divine economy of nature,
that the exercise of ingratitude shall work evil
in the end both to individuals and to nations, and
republics it is said are proverbially ungrateful,
and perhaps naturally so, because of their pe-
culiar structure and composition. Hence, per-
haps, it is not willed or ordained that they
should stand in the future any more perma-
nently or prosperously and safely than in tho
past. At any rate, a nation or government
claiming to stand upon the basis of a capa-
bility of' self-government in the people—the
vox populi being taken as the vox Dei-, a nation
or government, [ say, thus claiming to stand
which repudiates and virtually casts off and
crucifies such men as I have named and others
I could name, and takes up as rulers and idols
to be rewarded and worshiped certain others
that might be named, may expect at least to
suffer, if suffering is the reward of sin, if indeed
not perish. A war even such as we have just
passed through is but a slight chastisement for
such wicked folly; and yet we are all bound
to confess there were other causes more imme-
diate and direct to inaugurate this war: the
untempered ambition of leading politicians in
the then slaveholding States, which vaulted into
open and palpable treason. And herein rested
the direct and positive crime which under the
Constitution andlaws of theland merited direct,
specific, and positive death.
Well, now, how has the Government which
triumphed over rebellion and treason acted in
this matter? And'mark, gentlemen, I am 110
advocate or champion of capital punishment
in any case or for any crime, and certainly
never demanded nor desired that any one shoold
be hanged or executed in anyway for any part
taken in the rebellion. But I speak now of
living facts—of the law and the evidenco. If
treason is a crime, why was it not at once
punished as such or let alone? Why was not
Jefferson Davis allowed to leave this country
