22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 7,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
40th Coxg....3d
economically. He is now gratified in being
able to say that unless a very stringent market,
such as was produced a few weeks ago by
powerful combinations in New York, should
send to the Treasury large amounts of the
three per cent, certificates for redemption, no
further sales of bonds are likely to be neces-
sary. Until, however, the receipts from in-
ternal revenues are increased the necessities
of the Government will require that the sales
of gold shall be continued. These sales are
now being made by advertisements for sealed
bids instead of the agencies heretofore em-
ployed. The result, so far, has not been
entirely satisfactory, but a proper respect for
what, according to the tone of the press ap-
peared to be the public sentiment, seemed to
require it. The new mode will be fairly tested,
and continued if it can be without a sacrifice
of the public interest.
The Secretary has thus referred to a few
points in his administration of the Treasury,
for the purpose of explaining some things
■which may have been imperfectly understood,
and not for the purpose of defending his own
action. Deeply sensible of the responsibilities
resting upon him, but neither appalled nor
disheartened by them, he has performed the
duties of his office according to the best of
his judgmeut and the lights that were before
him, wiihoutdoprecating criticism, and plainly
and earnestly presented his own views without
seeking popular favor. It has been his good
fortune to have had for his immediate prede-
cessors two of the ablest men in the country,
to whose judicious labors he has been greatly
indebted for any success that may have attended
his administration of the Treasury. Nor is he
under less obligation to his associates, the
officers and leading clerks of the Department,
whose ability and whose devotion to the public
service have commanded his respect and
admiration. HUGH MCCULLOCH,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hou. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Report of the Secretary of the Jfavy.
Navy Departhext,
December 7, 1868.
Sib : T respectfully submit the annual report
of the Navy Department and of that branch of
the public service during the past year.
KXHIBIT OP THE NAVAL FORCE.
The number of vessels in squadron service,
as cruisers, storeships, and returning, is 42,
carrying411 guns ; a reduction during the year
of 14 vessels, carrying 96 guns. The number
of vessels of all descriptions in use, as cruisers,
storeships, receiving ships, tugs, &e., is 81,
carrving 693 guns; a reduction from last year
of 22 vessels, carrying 205 guns. The total
number of vessels borne upon the Navy list is
206, carrying 1,743 guns ; a reduction during
the year of 32 vessels, carrying 126 guns. The
following tables exhibit the present employ-
ment and condition of the naval force:
n • • , . , JVo. Guns.
Cruising vessels m squadron service  35 356
Vesselsreturning from squadrons  3 24
Storeships for squadrons  4 31
Special and lake service 3 29
Apprenticeship 1 H
Practice vessels, and in use at Naval
Academy  10 115
Receiving ships ' Q 92
Quarters for officers a t League Island and
marine barracks, Norfolk  2 27
Tugs at navy-yards and stations, powder
boats, &c  17 ig
Total in use  81 093
|ron-elad vessels laid up  46 107
Jron-clnd vessels not completed  5 18
fetcam sloops not completed  15 253
Line-ot-bnttle ships not completed ....... 2 80
Other vessels laid up, repairing, fitting
lor sea, and for sale  57 592
Totol n umber ef vessels of all descrip-
tions in use, building, repairing,
fitting for sea, &c  607 1,743
The vessels of the Navy are classified as
follows:
No. Guns,
Vessels of the first rate—of 2,400 tonsand
upwards  35 G62
Vessels ol thesecondrate—otl,200to 2,400
tons  37 483
Vessels of the third rate—of 600 to 1,200
tons  76 414
Vessels ofthe fourth rate—under600tons, 58 184
Total  208 1,743
The following table indicates the character
of the vessels:
No. Guns.
Iron-clad vessels  52 129
Screw steamers  95 038
Paddle-wheel steamers  28 199
Sailing vessels  31 477
Total  206 1/743
THE SQUADRONS.
The organization of the squadrons remains
essentially the same as when I made my last
annual report. Some changes of commanding
officers and of vessels have taken place, and
the force of each squadron has, in consequence
of the limited number of seamen allowed by
the act of 17th of June last, been necessarily
reduced.
At the commencement of the rebellion the
naval force on foreign stations was recalled to
assist in establishing and enforcing the block-
ade, leaving the commerce aud persons of our
citizens abroad greatly exposed. On the res-
toration of peace the Department immediately
took measures to reestablish the squadrons
which had been broken up, and a course of
active cruising was ordered by which the Hag,
so long withdrawn, might be promptly exhib-
ited in every important port where the commerce
of our country had penetrated. This order has
been efficiently and satisfactorily carried into
effect by the distinguished naval officers se-
lected for service on foreign stations, and at
no previous period in our history have the
power and prestige of the American Navy and
name been more honored and respected.
If our commerce and shipping interests have
not recovered from the depression consequent
upon the war, and are not as expanded as
formerly, it is from no inattention or neglect
on the part of the Navy. Since the squadrons
were reorganized, our countrymen and their
interests abroad have been as vigilantly guarded
and protected on every sea and at every access-
ible point as at any former period. it has
been the purpose of the Department to have
one or more of our naval vessels visit annually
every commercial port where American capital
is employed, and that a man-of-war should not
be long absent from the vicinity of every mer-
chant ship that might need assistance or pro-
tection.
To accomplish this purpose and meet the
requirements of the Department, great activity
and vigilance were necessary with our limited
Navy, numbering in men and ships less than
one fourth the effective force of any one of the
principal maritime powers. Yet .the work has
been performed with energy and zeal, and the
views ofthe Department well sustained.
EUROPEAN SQUADRON.
Admiral D. G. Farragut, who was in com-
mand of the squadron at the date of my last
report, returned to New York in the flag-ship
on the 10th of November, leaving the squadron
in temporary charge of Commodore A. M.
Pennock. The Franklin is to return with
Rear Admiral William Radford, who has been
designated to command the squadron, which
is composed of the following vessels :
Franklin (flag-ship)  39 guna.
liconderoga  . g "
Swatara . 10 "
Frolic 1..^...,.*'..'.'..'.*."..' 5 "
Guard (storeship) 3 "
1 he Canandaigua is on her way to the United
States from this squadron.
Admiral Farragut has visited during the year
Holland, Belgium, England, Scotland, France,
Portugal, Spain, Italy, Austria, Prussia,
Greece, Turkey, and Morocco. His reception
in every place which he has visited was equally
flattering with his reception the preceding year
in the north of Europe, and cannot be less
acceptable to the Government and people oi
the United States. While honoring that dis-
tinguished officer, -the sovereigns and other
high officials of these Powers have availed
themselves of the occasion to compliment, in
friendly terms, the nation he represents. It is
a gratification to remark, while noting the
movements of this officer and his squadron,
that in no instance has an appeal been made
for his interference in any manner to relieve or
extend aid to our countrymen scattered along
the shores where the flag has been exhibited,
nor has any application been made to him to
assert aud vindicate their rights. Throughout
Europe the rights of American citizens are
respected, and wherever the flag has been
carried by the Navy the privileges to which
they are entitled and which are guarantied by
treaty stipulations and international law have
been asserted and maintained.
He left Lisbon in November, 1867, where
the usual courtesies had beeu exchanged, and
where, by invitation, Admiral Farragut, with
many of his officers, had been received by the
king and queen of Portugal and Don Fer-
nando, and proceeded along the coasts of
Spain, France, and Italy, touching at Gibral-
tar, Carthagena, Port Mahon, Toulon, Ville-
frauche, and Spezzia, at each of which places
he was the recipient of many courtesies and
attentions, civil and naval. On the occasion
of an excursion to Madrid he was cordially
welcomed by the queen and king consort and
other high officials.
At Port Mahon, where he arrived in Decem-
ber, his reception was peculiarly gratifying ;
each village in Minorca through which he
passed was profuse in comptiments, and in
many instances sent out deputations to meet
him as a descendant of one of their ancient
families, his father having been a native of
and emigrant from Ciudadela, in that island.
When the Franklin was at Spezia, Admiral
Farragut visited Florence, Venice, and Genoa.
He dined at Florence with his Majesty Victor
Emmanuel, and was entertained by many dis-
tinguished officials, both of Italy and other
countries, at each of the places named. From
Spezia he proceeded to Naples, where he
arrived in March.
While on & visit to Rome, Admiral Farragut
was received by the prime minister and pre-
sented to his holiness the Pope. He left
Naples April 6, and, touching at Messina and
Syracuse, arrived at Malta on the 12th. He
was there joined by the Ticonderoga and
Frolic, and his departure on the 18th was
marked by unusual honors. The squadron was
followed to sea by Vice Admiral Paget, com-
manding her Britannic Majesty's fleet in the
Mediterranean, in his flag-ship, the Caledonia,
which passed close alongside, the crews man-
ning the rigging and cheering, and the band
playing '• Hail Columbia." The other vessels
of the fleet passed successively, extending
similar courtesies. When all had passed,
Admiral Paget hoisted the American flag at
the main and fired a salute of seventeen guns.
These courtesies were acknowledged by the
crew of the Franklin, who manned the yards,
the band playing "God save the Queen," and
the salute was returned.
Admiral Farragut returned to Lisbon on the
28th of April, and after taking in supplies,
proceeded to Holland. He arrived at Flush-
ing in June, where he remained until the 21st.
With a number of his officers he visited, on
invitation, his Majesty King Leopold, at Brus-
sels, and dined with him. Subsequently, his
Majesty, accompanied by the queen and attend-
ants, was received on board the Franklin at
Ostend. From Brussels he made a short tour
t<o Liege and Essen, and proceeded from thence
to Southampton, where he left the Franklin,
