1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
and then forbidden ever to return ? Or, wbea
arrested, why was he not either allowed a fair
trial before the law, and if -found guilty exe-
cuted, pardoned, or banished? Or, indeed,
why was he not, like the poor woman at'this
eapital, arraigned before' a military eothmig;
siorr and put to death without scarcely time
to ask Grod for forgiveness ? But such was not
the proceeding. Ha was arrested at a Cost of
$1QO,000, ana then persecuted into immor-
tality, and the rebellion thus immortalized in
hia name. And in this has the Government
been just before being generous? Has it acted
impartially? Has it not rather devoured the
weak and let the strong and more guilty go
unpunished? Bat I do not complain; com-
plaint would be timid and unm&nly. I only
speak of consistency in the dispensation of
justice. Heaven knows I do not crave the
blood of the ex-chief of an empire which never
existed. But if Mrs. Surratt had to die, then
why should Jefferson Davis or any of the leaders
of the rebellion be permitted to live and de-
spoil the earth? For was not the'life of the
nation worth more than the life of any one
man, however great and good ? And, again,
if that poor old woman had to be hanged,
add if she was hanged justly and righteously,
then why, in the name of all the gods at once,
cannot the courts convict her son John, who
certainly led in all she was ever accused of
knowing anything about ? I speak only of jus-
tice and consistency, and complain of nothing,
remembering that the nation which forgets God
shall perish.
And now look at the South and see what has
been the policy in that direction, and what the
effect. The effect has already been alluded to ;
butletusgo back andlookatthe cause,fori have
hinted that thepolicy ofthe Federal Government
toward the South may have, undesignedly of
course, been instrumental in working up some
of the evils in that land, and may have insti-
gated or done something which may have been
taken as an excuse or pretext for some of
the damnable murders and assassinations in
that bleeding land. Now let us see. Con-
gress: passed laws of reconstruction enfran-
chising the entire colored population, the former
slaves of that land, and disfranchising many
of the whites, and quite as many, according to
my observation and experience, who had been
uniformly Union men as of the class who had
been rebels or secessionists. At the same time
there was a constitutional amendment proposed
disqualifying certain classes from holding office,
and in this case, as in the case of the direct
disfranchisement, fully as many suffered who
had been Union men as of any other class.
And mean time some of the northern States
refused to ratify this amendment, while all of
them, 1 believe, refused to enfranchise the
negro.
' Such is a very brief, bnt, I believe, strictly
correct and feir statement of the status of the
reconstruction policy sent "down South," with
the corresponding, Correlative condition of
facts which transpired contemporaneously at
the North. And what has been the result?
Almost the entire white element at the South
has been aroused to a high degree of despera-
tion, and that desperation partakes of a char-
acter that is undying; and meanwhile, the poor,
faithful, but helpless freedman is left to the
tendfei- mercies of those over whom the Federal
Government has, npon paper, placed him; thus
exciting animosities which should never have
existed, and leaving the ballot in a manner
fubservient to the bludgeon, or what amounts
3 about the same thing, to be influenced and
controlled by a condition of personal want
and individual necessity. This was not judi-
cious legislation, however well intended, and
has not worked well to those whom it was
aimed especially to benefit. For I mean to
say, and do most distinctly declare, that this
feeling of desperation and dogged determina-
tion on the part of the ruling whites—the ma-
jority class in the South—has been engendered
and brought into activity by the rec'onstruetioh
legislation of Congress; nor is there anything
altogether unreasonable or unnatural in this
OB the part of this ruling majority class. I
say "majority class;" but I do not mean to
say that this class compose a majority of the
whole male population, or a majority of the
voters. I do mean to say, however, that they
are emphatically a ruling majority of the coun-
try, a majority in intelligence", wealth, and
material and available strength. They eta*
phatically rule the country; and' those who
have, in a political sense, been placed over
them by congressional legislation, are left to-
tally at their tender mercy. The negro has no
means of protection. He has nothing to eat
and nothing to -wear only as this ruling class
furnish him supplies; and this same ruling
class of intelligence and wealth has eternally
willed that unless it can rule and control the
negro he shall neither eat meat nor wear
clothes. And is there anything altogether un-
reasonable or totally unnatural in this? , Gen-
tlemen of the Republican party may think it
strange that I should ask such a question. I
who have sacrificed my own happiness and
safety and -the peace and quiet of my own dear
family for the liberty and equal rights-of the
poor downtrodden black man, and who, like
the Indian, who went to the war alone, have
fought against secession and rebellion " from
my youth up," and for many long and weary
years, when the welcome echo of no comrade's
gun could be heard to cheer me on, poured hot
shot into the enemy's camp, solitary and alone;
but I have experience enough to look facts in
the face, and have candor and feirness enough
to give an adversary all that is due him, and
to strive to deal with others as I would under
like circumstances have them deal with me.
I do say, therefore, that under all the circum-
stances it is not altogether unreasonable nor
totally unnatural that the ruling majority class
of white men in the South should form a deep
hatred and undying determination to rule and
control the black man, both in point of labor
and the ballot. Who of you, northern gentle-
men, would fail, under like circumstances, to
do the same thing? " Let him speak, for him
have I offended^' Not, gentlemen, that any
of you would, like the bandit of the Alps or
the thug of India, murder and assassinate the
poor helpless freedman, as is too often done
in the South ; but if you were disfranchised,
while the poor uneducated negro who had been
your former slave was placed over you in the
political scale and then left to eat your bread
and wear your clothes, you would control both
his labor and his ballot.
The negro stood out manfully and voted in
the face of death for reconstruction. I advised
them to do this and faced death with them.
The great desire was to see civil rule restored
once more, and all freemen, both black and
white, placed upon an '' equality before the
law," with all political and unnatural disabil-
ities removed, that the country might, as a band
of brothers, go on prospering and to prosper.
And so our State was readmitted formally into
the Union and a loyal State government inau-
gurated. Another election came on. This
ruling white class'was now aroused for the first
time to a degree of high desperation. The poor
black man saw no protection but to vote with
those for whom he worked and who fed and
clothed him. He looked around and could see
no others in the land who would or could save
him from famishing. He voted with his ancient
master, who to-day is in most instances his best
friend, and ever will be. Let no one say he
acted cowardly or unreasonably or in any way
different or worse than would white men if
placed under like circumstances.
Such is a mere hint at the result of congres-
sional reconstruction. It has enfranchised the
negro, and from this enfranchisement has re-
sulted thousands of cold-blooded and dastardly
murders and assassinations; and to-day his bal-
lot is not his own, but is wielded and controlled
by those who are, perforce, according to the
present status of things, his political enemies.
And the black man has no effective protection
from the Government.
- Atid how is this, and what is the remedy?
I will candidly give "gerttlenie^ my views. It
is my decision and it is my'warning to the
country, that the main cause, the leading, rulir^g
Source ofthe disturbed and mnrdertu's condi-
tion of affairs in the South to- day is to be' traced
to' the enfranchisement of the negro and Efie
disfranchisement and disqualification of thf
white man. I have never opposed, and
free to confess I have ft ever advocated, as aii
absolute certain good, the sudden enfranchise-
ment of the entire mass of the late slave pop-
ulation of this country. This my State knows,
and both white and black there appreciate my
candor and frankness; and equally well is it
known that I have never favoredj' as a rule at
all safe to the Government or in itself decent^
the enfranchisement of black men while any pota-
tion of the white men of the country were rest-
ing under political disabilities.
' As a matter of vengeance or retaliation J
might favor the placing of eternal disabilities
upon certain wicked and incorrigible charac-*
ters in the land; but as a statesman, and as
one who believes in free government and the
right of the people to rule, I could never favor
such policy. And especially, as has been gen-
erally conceded, if virtue and intelligence form
the chief bulwarks of a free republican govern-
ment, should we netfer seek to disable or dis-
qualify the enlightened citizen while the igno-
rant and uneducated, however honest, are put
forward; for if the more intelligent portion
of a republic become too corrupt to lead and
to rule, then free government, as founded4ipori
the consent of the governed, is a failure," and a
despotism may be the remedy.
Some things which I say may not be palat;
able and may not be deemed politically ortho-
dox, but I can very plainly and candidly tell
gentlemen who may feel anxious on the southern
situation that we shall never have peace down
there until white men are allowed as much
and as many privileges politically as the negro
has. I speak this not only as the vindicator
of my own race upon the general principles
of manhood and common decency, but I speak
it as the special friend and defender of the
rights, liberties, and safety of the'black man.
Thus much maynotsee'm deservingfrom my lips.
Bnt I profess to know my duty, and to Com-
prehend what is becoming'to a man in all the
relations of life. I am fully aware that there
is not a negro in the land who has been more
inhumanly persecuted and shamefully treated
than I have •, but if I have hates and spites
and animosities to gratify, which I may or may
not have, here is not the place to indulge any
allusion thereto. I have been a Union man,
and stand to-day, thank God ! with a record
of devotion to the flag and integrity of my
country as pure and spotless as that of any
other citizen of the land, native or adopted ;
but I have not been actuated in these things
through or by a hatred for my people, but most
sincerely from a true devotion to their peace
and prosperity. And I say it now, and could
hope that it might be reechoed from hill to bill
and from vale to val«, throughout the bounda-
ries of civilization; I say it now, that the ruling
majority of white men in my native land, to
whom I have alluded'as being destined to rule
and direct the labor and the ballot of the black
man in that section, are as noble, generous,
and brave people as ever sprang from the race
of Adam. They may be disfranchised, bnt
still they will rule and shape the destinies of
the land in which they live.. You may send
the military there to keep them in subjection,
and to enable their laborers to rule over them,
but they will, in most cases, win the military
into' their interests, as they have heretofore
done; and the poor freedman will still be a
hewer of wood and a drawer of water.
Is it known to gentlemen here that ex-
Federal officers have in some instances be-
came members of secret political organizations
gotten up in the South to throttle what is called
loyalty in that section? Such is a fact. And
equally true is it that as a general thing the
negro looks upon a blue coat now with no
