M
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 7,
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
accompanied by an expedition furnished by
order of the captain general of the Foukien
province, visited the island in the fall of 1867,
and had an interview with the savage chief and
made agreements with him for the future. The
consul general states that but for the exhibi-
tion of the naval power of the United States
the previous June he could have accomplished
nothing.
The light-draught steamers Aroostook, Una-
dilla, and Maumee, which were sent to the
Asiatic squadron principally to cruise for the
suppression of piracy, were assigned to local-
ities where such crimes had been most frequent,
and have been almost constantly engaged in
this special duty. It is believed that their
presence, with that of the small gunboats of
different nationalities, has in a great measure
suppressed the crime.
Although the squadron has been mainly in
Japanese waters, the principal commercial
ports in China have been visited, and all needed
protection given to American interests.
NORTH ATLANTIC SQUADRON.
Rear Admiral James S. Palmer, who was in
command of this squadron at the date of my
last report, died of yellow feveratSt. Thomas
011 the 7th of December. The flag-ship Sus-
quehanna being infected with the disease was,
on her return to New York, placed out of com-
mission, and, until the Contoocook was ready
for sea. tho Wampanoag was used as a flag-
ship. Rear Admiral H. K. Hoff hoisted his
flag on board the latter vessel on the 22d of
February. The squadron is now composed of
the
Contoocook, (flag-ship) 13 guns.
Siico 10
Ponobscot    9 "
Yantic  5 "
Gettysburg  9 "
Nipsic  6
The rear admiral commanding has, in the
flag-ship, visited many of the important points
within the limits of his command. During the
months of May and June he was at St. Thomas,
Santa Cruz, Point-il-Pitre, St. Pierre, La
Guayra, Aspinwall, Port-au-Prince, and Key
West. He is now making a second cruise
through the West India islands, and at last
advices was at Havana. The other vessels of
the squadron have been actively employed, and
have given assistance to our merchantmen and
protection to our citizens whenever needed.
A vessel continues to be constantly stationed
at Aspinwall for the protection of our citizens
and treasure in transitu between that place and
Panama. In April, upon application of the
agents of the steamship company, a force was
landed from the Penobscot to guard the pas-
sengers and treasure, the streets being filled
with excited and lawless individuals, the police
and native troops having bpen sent to Ohiriqui
in consequence of the death of the president
of the republic. There was no conflict, how-
ever, ana when the anticipated trouble had
passed the force reembarked.
The disturbed condition of Hayti has called
for more than ordinary attention to American
interests on that island. Instructions have
from time to time been issued to the admiral
in command to watch the progress of events,
and be prepared at all times to afford necessary
protection to our citizens. In pursuance of
thesedirections the Contoocook, DeSoto, Shaw-
mut, Saco, Penobscot, Gettysburg, and Nipsic,
have, at different times, been in Haytien waters,
and some of them have remained there for
weeks successively. The naval officers in com-
mand have exercised prudence, observed neu-
trality, and exchanged the customary courte-
sies with the authorities.
In March last the De Soto, Commodore
Boggs, was ordered to Venezuela to cooperate
with,our minister in securing the release, and
indemnity for their detention, of a part of the
crew of the American whaling schooner Han nah
Grant, who had been captured on the penin-
sula of Paraguana, and carried as prisoners to
Coro. At Curagoa Commodore Boggs learned
of the'release of the crew of the schooner, but
he very properly proceeded to La Guayra, and
in company with Mr. Stillwell, the United
States minister, visited Caracas and had an
interview with the vice-president and other
authorities of the republic. The Saco, Com-
mander Wilson, took on board at St. Thomas
the master of the Hannah Grant, and after
restoring him to his position at Kingston, pro-
ceeded to Venezuela. The question at that
stage became one of indemnity, subject to
adjustment through other channels. No further
occasion for naval action was therefore neces-
sary, and the force was withdrawif
In June a display of naval force in the gulf
was considered necessary in consequence of
reports that a hostile expedition against Mex-
ico was concentrating near New Orleans. No
occasion for action, however, manifested itself.
SOUTH ATLANTIC SQUADRON.
The South Atlantic squadron, under com-
mand of Rear Admiral Charles H. Davis, is
composed of the following vessels:
Guerriere, (flag-ship).  21 guns.
Pawnee  11 "
Qtunnebaug -  6 "
Wasp     3 '
Kansas  8 "
Two vessels were ordered home in conse-
quence of the reduction of the naval force by
act of Congress. The Huron arrived at New
York in October and the Shamokin is daily
expected at Philadelphia.
The continuation of the war between the
allied Powers and Paraguay has rendered it
advisable to keep some portion of the force
within as convenient reach as practicable of
military operations. Other points, however,
within the limits of the command have not
been neglected, but our interests have received
attention and ample protection. The flag has
been shown at Babia, Rio de Janeiro, St.
Catharines, San Carmen, Ihla Grande, Falk-
land islands, Montevideo, Buenos Ayres, and
other points on the coast of South America;
at Rosario, Curupaity, Corrientes, and other
places on the La Plata, Parana, and Paraguay
rivers; and at Cape Town, Little Pish Bay,
Benguela, St. Paul de Loando, Ambriz, Iiin-
sembo, Kabend, Malemba, Landano, Black
Point Bay, and Mayumba, on the southwest
coast of Africa.
The presence of naval vessels has generally
been all that was necessary for the security of
American citizens and their property; but on
two occasions it was deemed advisable to land
a part of the force at Montevideo. On the 7th
of February, in concert with the commanders
of other squadrons, and at the request of
Governor i lores, fifty seamen and marines
were landed for the protection of foreign res-
idents and the custom-house. On th4e succeed-
ing day, affairs having quieted, the detachment
was withdrawn. On the 19th of the same
month another force was landed and remained
on shore until the 26th, in consequence of dis-
turbances occasioned by the assassination of
General Flores.
Early in the year, at the request of the Sec-
retary of State, the Wasp was dispatched to
the capital of Paraguay for the purpose of
bringing away our minister resident, Mr. Wash-
burn. When she arrived at the seat of war
in the Parana river the passage of the vessel
through the blockading fleet was refused by
the Brazilian authorities, and after waiting
some months, and failing to convince them
of the right of a neutral man-of-war to ascend
the river as far as Asuncion for the pur-
pose stated, that vessel returned to Monte-
video. In August the Brazilian authorities
withdrew their objection, and the Wasp again
ascended the river, which is of difficult nav-
igation, owing to its tortuous course and
shifting sand-bars. Only the smaller class
of naval vessels can ascend to Asuncion,
on the Parana river, in the interior of South
America, nine hundred and thirty miles from
Montevideo. On the 10th of September, at
Villeta, (below Asuncion,) the Wasp took on
board Mr. Washburn and family, and con-
veyed him to Buenos Ayres. Rear Admiral
Davis, at the date of his latest dispatches, was
preparing to accompany the newly-accredited
minister of the United States, General Mc-
Malion," to Paraguay.
The authorities of St. Catharines, of Bahia,
and of Uruguay have been respectively received
on board the flag-ship, and intgrcouse with
them, and indeed with all the South American
States, has been of the most friendly and
gratifying character.
NORTH PACIFIC SQUADRON.
On the 6th of August last Rear Admiral H.
K. Thatcher, who had been in command of
this squadron for two years, was relieved by
Rear Admiral Thomas T. Craven. The squad-
ron comprises:
Pensacola (flag-ship) -20 guns,
Mohongo 10 "
Laekawana  7 "
Sagmaw.....    6 "
Resaca  8 "
Ossipee...  6
Jamestown..... 15 "
Cyane (storeship)    18 "
These vessels have, during the year, given
much of their attention to the west coast of
Mexico and the ports in the Gulf of Califor-
nia, where their presence has had a salutary
influence. Rear Admirals Thatcher and Cra-
ven have each in his flag-ship visited that por-
tion of the station ; and the following places
have been visited, some of them repeatedly,
by the several vessels : Mazatlan, Guaymas,
Acapulco, San Bias, Mauzanilla, La Paz,
Cinaloa River, Jicabampo, and Boca Maca-
pule.
The commercial ports of the Central Ameri-
cans States of Nicaragua, Costa Rica, and
San Salvador have been visited by the Sara-
nac, Mohican, and Ossipee. Our flag has been
received with manifestations of pleasure by
both the authorities and people. They ail
respect our rights and those of our country-
men residing there.
A vessel of this squadron continues to be
stationed at Panama, for the protection of our
interests on the Isthmus. The Cyane, now
there, answers the double purpose of a guard
and store vessel, and is able ordinarily to afford
ample protection to American interests. In
March last there were threatened difficulties
which rendered the display of additional force
desirable, and the 8aranac was accordingly
dispatched to that point, but happily the polit-
ical disturbance on thatoccasion passed without
any necessity for interference.
In June last Rear Admiral Thatcher, in the
flag-ship, visited the northwestern coast, touch-
ing at Port Townsend and Esquimault. Sev-
eral vessels of the squadron have visited the
newly-acquired territory of Alaska. The Ossi-
pee conveyed the commissioners from San
Francisco to Sitka, and was present and par-
ticipated in the ceremonies incident to the
transfer of the flag. The Resaca and James-
town, although sent there primarily for the
influence of the cold climate in disinfecting
them of yellow fever, afforded such protec-
tion to our citizens as was desired. In April
last the Saginaw was dispatched to Alaska,
where she remained several months, for the
purpose of making explorations and surveys,
and of determining the most suitable har-
bors and anchorages on the coast and in the
adjacent islands. The Suwanee, under orders
for the same point, was wrecked on the 9th of
July, by running on a hidden rock in Shad-
well Passage, while in charge of a coast pilot.
The officers and crew succeeded in landing on
the nearest beach. Rear Admiral Hastings,
commanding her Majesty's Pacific squadron,
and Commander Porcher, of her Majesty's
steamer Sparrowhawk, were prompt to render
