February IBi
%
mpre.fepling of respect and protection than a
gray one. It might have been different, and
doubtless would it different military .command-
ers bad been sent South, or if -General Sheri-
dan bad been permitted to remain there; but
4t is too late now. We want to be $one with
the military and with the miiitia. What we
want is civil rule and a full restoration of con-
fidence and fraternal feeling anjong the people.
It is desirable tha,t the people should lov« tke
Government, rather than areaa and fear it.
Tie best and surest way( ia f°J iww ble judg-
ment, to'bring.this about, is to repeal .and re-
move jill political disabilities, of, whatever
character, from all white men, and place them
at least upon an.equality w.ith the negro in the
"political scale, and my word for.it we will have
peace and harmony in all the land quicker,in
this way, and cheaper, than by any other
means that could be placed in requisition. I
jpedict that all murders and outrages would
soon cease in our Jajid. The low class of ruf-
fians and assassins who perpetrate all these
outrages, ajid wlio are not, one in a hundred
pf them, disfranchised or disqualified from
holding office, but who presume upoif the pre-
judices apd chafed feelings of those of a bet-
tec class who are disqualified, will be hunted
down and put to ,deatk if their, outrages are
not,at once ceased. •
"Gentlemen may honestly differ frpm me in
t|ais thing; but I have studied "the question
closely, and watched the temper of the peo-
ple among whom I live, and I believe those
of them who are to shape and direct the
destinies of the South are disposed to act
judiciously, and if they can be permitted to
do so upon high grounds of self-respect and
honor. I am certain that a liberal appeal to
their manhood and native sense of honor
would bring more speedy and permanent quiet
to the land and more safety to the poor, de-
fenseless, and destitute freedman than any
measure of harshuess and force that might be
brought to bear. But if in deed and in truth
men cannot be governed by an appeal to their
manhood whej) that manhood is unshaclcled,
and to their honor when that honor is un-
questioned and untrammeled, then let us at
once have a thorough and complete military
despotism or dictatorship. Let there be no
half-way work of this, no civil rule, with a
supervising military force, but let the land
be ruled with a rod of iron, and let that iron
enter into the hearts and the souls of men.
But I pray tlie Lord such shall never happen
in this land, and I haye an abiding hope and
faith it never will. . It never shall through or
by my advice Or aid. I may wrangle with polit-
ical adversaries and scold and recriminate with
them on the stump or in the newspapers, but
as a legislator in the national councils of my
country I know no sectional animosities and
no personal hates.
What the country wants is peace. This is
become a household word. General Grant has
said, "Let .us have peace," and the country
has, responded an unmistakable amen ! I say,
let us have [jeace in the J^uth, and then if you
think there is nothing lovely there, "come and
gee." And we want no more war there, but
would that every sword were beaten into a plow-
share and every spear turned into a pruning
hook.
This theme is exhaustless, and yet it may
seem that too much has already been said.
Still would I plead for a plan formed upon a
basis of universal justice and right, as near as
is within the povfer of man to reach. This
Government owes it to its own manhood and
to the civilized world to wipe from its record
and to forever hereafter studiously abstain
from every degree of.sectional and class legis-
lation. Experience shows it works only evil
and confusion. The folly of placing upon the
statute-books of a country that which can only
irritate and which stands practically as some-
thing even worse than a dead letter, should
never he perpetrated by a civilized and enlight-
ened people, surely not mare'than once.in the
same decade of years. We,have had enough
of the sounding, brass  fid(the iinklif)gi.cyipba.l
in the way of high promises on. .paper without
apy power of executing or realizing those
.promises. Such has become as ashjes.on the
tongue. It is the duty of Congress, the tjui-y
of the Goyernipejit pot any more thus to
waste the temper of, tb,e people. If such
policy is persisted in it will be but a little-while
longer before ;the words of our Declaration^
independence will have no mors moral f^rcs
thajn the glitter of the " pearl and gold" wliich
the gorgeous Bast once showered up^o.n-.hor
"Itings barbaric." - . . ,■
All the constitutional amendments that ma>3f
be passed and all the laws which may be here
enacted will stand as dead letters upon our
records unless the moral sentiment of the
American heart indorses uad upholds them,,
"You cannot suspend a sword perpetually oyer
the head of every man throughout this vast
land, nor keep a bayonet forever pointed at
each American citizen within the jurisdiction
of the Federal Government; and if such could
be it would be the knell of human liberty,
on this continent at least, and a hissing and
burning mockery to all the wisdom and .toil
of the foupders of- our institutions. Gentle;
men do not understand the.true situation,of
affairs, nor comprehend the vital conditional'
the country, nor yet know anything of the liv-
ing;,, active temper of the masses-who stand
ip here and think'.'all is Tyell and every end
accomplished" when they place on-paper the
declaration that white is bl^ck jtnd black is
white. It is one things to say a thing.and
another thing to do a .thing. When the Gov-
ernment says men shall have the, right to
vote, or shall have this, that, or the other right,
and yet devises no means for the realization
of any single right or privilege which is thus
delegated or guarantied, it not only fails of its
duty, but displays a weakness that may pre-
lude its destruction ; and when Congress pro-
poses constitutional amendments entailing die-
abilities upon any named class of individuals for
treason or other crimes, and utterly and persist-
ently fails and refuses to pass any law attach-
ing any penalty to a violation of such constitu-
tional prohibition, it mdulgesTn a folly which,
in my simple judgment, amounts to a serious
crime, for a class supposed to be bad is thus
incited and excited to deeds of evil withoutany
power to punish their misdeeds. Such is, in
my humble judgment, a folly, or something,
worse thau folly, But I would not complain.
Every one to his own liking. Perhaps I am
wrong. De gustibus non est disputanaum. '
There is in the State of Louisiana alone
enough of latent wealth which a well-tempered
and wisely-arranged peace would at once
spring into light and use to pay our entire
national debt in a few years. It is the duty
of the Government to give us this peace. Can
or will it? Can or will General Grant, as
President of the United States, give us this
peace ? I have' this to say : this peace cau
never be reached while any portion of the
wealthy and intelligent.of the land are allowed
less political rights than the poor and unedu-
cated. I believe that much might be done
in this connection by persuasion; but expe-
rience teaches me that less than nothing can
be accomplished through force. It is said that
the harp of Orpheus drew iron tears down
Pluto's cheek ; but proscription and class le-
gislation never did and never will bring per-
manent peace and a condition of healthy pros-
perity to any country. The proposition is of
Lself a contradiction to free government.
Such remarks may be received with ill Favor
by some, but it is enough for me to feel that
they are just and true. The common pros-
perity of a whole nation is more .with me
than the approbation of individuals or of par-
ties. I yet trust and have hope in the good
sense and patriotism of the American people,
and in the judicious exercise-of the-sober sec-
ond thought by the American Congress and
the American Government in all its branches.
And I trust, too, and 'believe-that"under the
direction of a true, patriotic,, and loyal Presi-
dent; the country shftH be restored to a speedy*
permanent, and, prosperous -peace ; and that
all true, patriotic; ,a-fi,d loyal citizens in the
South or. elsewhere will-receive some remem-
brance and vindication for individual deed-s of
disinterested devptiotj to truth, justice, and lib-
erty; But I freely confess my main hope-for the
future.-is in the,incorruptible integrity of.the
fi.onest masses, outside - and apart, from the
.demoralizing influence of modern party ma-
chinery and the tprttiringand corrupting power
of office-seeking and office-dispensing "rings."
Won-W to God thatthese festering mendicants
who hang,around the portals .of the President's
Mansion in quesst.of partisan plunder could
be scattered-to the four winds'Of Heayen, and
placed at honest labor with judicious masters.
It would bp well for honest men and, for the
Government. ' . •. • ' .
Mr. McCORMICK asked and obtained leave
to print a speech. (See Ap.peadLs.]
Mr. SHANKS mo.v.ed thai the committee
rise. ,.
The motion was agreed to. .
The committee accordingly rose; and.Mit.
Broomall having taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, Mr. Collom reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of .the
Union had, according to older, had the Union
generally under consideration,and parti Milady
the annual message of the President.-of the
United States of 18C7, and had eome to no
resolution thereon.
And then, on.motion of Mr, .BROMWBLL,
(at ten minutes past eleven p. m.,) the -House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, J5TC.
The following petitions, &e.., were presented
under the rule, ar.d referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BOUT WELL: The petition of C.
R. Miles and 75 others, citizens of Heed ham,
Massachusetts, in favor of extending suffrage
to women.
By Mr. CHANLER : The petition of Henry
Wallace and .others, citizens of New York,
for removal of obstructions at Hell Gate in the
port of New York.
Also, the petition of Prank Sigel, Louis Ber-
ger, Sidney E. Murray, and others, citizens of
New York, for removal of obstructions at Bell
Gate, in the, port, of New York. . , < .
By Mr. FERRISS: Remonstrances of citi-
zens of Oconto county, Wisconsin, agai fist any
extension of what is known as the .Sturgeon
Bay land grant.
By Mr. JULIAN l.The,petition of Rhoda
Adams, .praying special law increasing her
pension.
By Mr. MOORE : A petition of owners and
masters of vessels of Boston, Massachusetts,
praying the intervention of Congress to protect
all engaged in navigation from illegal exactions
by State and municipal corporations, ...
Also, the petition of Jonas Smith & Co., of
New York, owners oftwenty-two vessels, pray-
ing for protection from illegal exactions by
State and municipal corporations.
By Mr. MORBiiLL ; The petition of J. M.
Ad.iir and 80 others, citizens of Huntingdon
county, Pennsylvania, asking for such amend-
ments the Constitution of the United States
as will fully provide for the recognition of the
authority and power of the Supreme Being in
l.he government of nations.
By Mr. PETTIS: A petition of citizens of
Crawford county, Pennsylvania, for the adop-
tion of measures for amending the Constitution
of the Pnited States so as to incorporate therein
an acknowledgment of Almighty God as the
source of all authority, &c.
Also, the petition of many citizeus of Mercer
county, Pennsylvania, asking the establishment
of a post route from Leesburg to Wolf creek,
i.n Mercer county.
By Mr. THOMAS: A petition from numer-
ous citizens of Williamsporf., Washington
county, Maryland, asking Congress to propose
an amendment to the preamble to the Consti-
