248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
ant assessor of internal revenue7 thirteenth dis-
trict, Ohio.
By Mr. STONE: The petition of H. O. S.
Kt>y, Hon. Benjamin G. Harris, George W.
Morgan, and others, citizens of the fif'rh con-
gressional district of Maryland, praying for an
appropriation to remove obstructions in Brit-
tains' bay caused by the coal ashes and other
refuse matter thrownfroni Government steam-
eis and transports during the late war.
By the TENNESSEE delegation: The pe-
tition of E. J. Golladay, asking removal of dis-
abilities. ke.
By Mr. VAN AEKNAM; The petition of
Teuta Hollenbeckj of Little Valley, New York,
for one hundred and sixty acres bounty land,
for services of her husband 111 the War of 1812.
By Mr.VAN W YCK : The remonstrance of
Thomas J. Bradley, presidentof the New York
Knife Company, and others, citizens of Walden,
New York, against any further increase ot the
dutv on imported steel.
By Mr. WH1TTEMORE: The petition of
Alexander Sutherland, of Bennettsvdle, South
Carolina, praymg compensation for service ren-
dered in carrying the mail in 1850 and 18G0.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Jcumaty 8, 1809.
Prayer by Rev. E. IT. Gray, 1). D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PBTITfONS AND MKMOJUALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of distillers and liquor dealers of
California, remonstrating against, the increase
of the tax on disiilled spirits; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. COttBETl1 presented the memorial of
the mayor and council of Portland, in Oregon,
piaying that that city be granted I ho right to
construct and contiol a bridge across the Wil-
lamette river} which was reierred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. FEKUY presented the petition of Ferdi-
nand D. Kicimidson, of Virginia, praying tobe
u'lievcd from political disabilities; which was
referred to the Committee on ihe Judiciary.
Mr. COfjE presented the petition of Alex-
ander M. Keimdrty, praying an appropriation
out of the fund of the Asylum for the relief of
Invalid and Disabled Soldiers for the pur-
pose of founding an asylum on the Pacific
coast for the relief of soldiers of the Mexican
war j which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. M0U1ULL, of Vermont, picsented a
joint resolution of ihe Legislature ol Vermont
leiativo to navigation between (he United
States and Canada; which was relet red to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MOUR1LL, of Vermont. 1 also desire
U) present a resolution of the Legislature of
Vermont in relation to the reciprocity trade
wiih the Dominion of Canada, which 1 ask may
be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Joint resolution relating to reciprocity of trado with
the Dominion ot'Canada:
Resolved by the S*nat* and House of Representatives
Tiiat having an intelligent regard tor the best mtcr-
r-sM ot Vermont, it is tho duly of our Senators and
IvcpreHemativi's hi Congress to um; their leiiuencc
aganist thy consummation of uny ire ity relating to
reciprocity in trade with the Dominion of Canada,
and to meifct that itio subject ot our trade and eom-
liicrci tl intercourse with Canada, as well as milt all
other iureicn counting, us not a proper m.-iUer of
treaty sup ulation, but belongs to Cougresvind should
be wisely reguiated by a judicious tariff.
Rf-iolvrd, That the sccictaiy 01 State bo, and he is
hereby, directed to transmit a copy of thi* joint re 0-
lution to each of our Senators and Representatives
GEOllGK W, GRANDEY,
hpealcer oj the ilouse<f llepi'ttHentafivvs.
STEPHEN THOMAS,
Pi evident of the Senate.
Mr. MOKRTLL, ofVermont, Mr. President,
I desire to submit some remarks upon this reso-
lution at some time when it will be convenient
to the Senate, at as early a day as possible, and
if nothing intervenes to prevent it. 1 shall prob-
ably ask permission to do so on Wednesday
next, at one o'clock. I move now that the
resolution be laid on the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER presented the petition of
Blanton Duncan, praying the restoration of
his property seized and condemned under the
confiscation act of July 17, 1S6'2_; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
KEl'ORT OF COMMIT-LKKS.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 405) granting lands to the State of
Wisconsin to aid in the construction of the
Green Bay and Lake Pepin railway, reported
it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 730) supplement-
ary to an act entitled "An act to confirm the
titles to certain lands in the State of Nebraska,"
reported it with amendments.
bills introduced.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (3. No. 7-M)
to create a new judicial district in the State of
Kentucky; which was read twice by its title,
rei'ened to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and oidered to bo printed.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 745) to repeal
the usury laws of the District of Columbia;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
lie also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave (0 introduce a bill (S. No. 746)
relating 10 judicial proceedings in the District
of Columbia ; which was read twice bv its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 747) to regulate the price and encourage
the production of cotton in the United States ;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SPENCER. 1 desire to state that this
is a bill which has been carefully prepared by
a wealthy and distinguished planter of the
State ol' Mississippi, who has given the subject
a great deal of attention. I move that it be
reieried to the Committee on Finance and be
printed.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER asked, and by unanimous
conscnt obtained, leave to introduce a bill (:$.
No. 748) to amend an act entitled "An act to
restrict the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims,
and for other purposes," approved July 4,
]864; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 193) to place Junius J. Boyle upon
the active list of commodores ; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
DISTRICT KKPOItDER AND WARDEN.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill (S.
No. 7l~) to ptovide for the appointment of
recorder of deeds and warden of the jail in the
District of Columbia, and for other puiposes,
and that tho bill be taken up for consideration
at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question will be on discharging the committee
from the further consideration of the bill men-
tioned by tho Senator from Iowa.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Iowa now moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to 5 and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. T find there is a difference
of opinion among members of the Senate in
relation to the propriety of changing the mode
of appointing the recorder of deeds; and in
order to avoid a discussion on that subject I
move to strike out the second, third, and fourth
sections of the bill, all of which relate to that
matter.
The sections proposed to be stricken out
were read, as follows :
Sec. 2. And be if further enacted, That the appoint-
ment ot recorder of deeds for the District of Colum-
bia shall be, and is hereby, vested in the supremo
court of said District; and the recorder so appointed
from time to time shall hold said office during tho
pleasure of said court, and shall qualify and perform
all the duties of said office as provided by law, and
shall receive as compensation for said services such
sum as may be fixed by said court, not exceeding tho
rate of $3,000 per annum, exclusive of the necessary
expenses of said ofhee.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That it shall be
the duty of-said recorder to employ from time to time,
subject to tho approval of said court, a sufficien t n um-
ber of copyists to enable him to keep up the current
records nnd indexes of said office with necessary and
reasonable promptness, and, as the fees and income
of said office will justify, to cor>y such of the records
as have become detaced or obliterated and lo index
the same. And the said copyists shall receive such
compensation for services lendered by them, either
by the piece or by the day, as the said court may de-
termine, not exceeding five cents per hundred words
for copying, and not exceeding twelve cents per
hundred words for indexing, or not exceeding three
dollars per day for each faithful day's work of eight
hours' duration to each of said copyists: Provided,
That the salary of the recorder, compensation of
copyists, cost ot blanks, bhink books, stationery,
fuel, light, office rent, and all other necessary ex-
pense?) ot said office shall not in any case exceed the
aggregate tees and emolument? as provided by law.
Sec. 4. And be it further enavted, That it shall also
be the duty of tho recorder of deeds to receive all
tho fees and emoluments of the said office, and to
deposit the snmctrom day todaywi'h the cleik of
the supreme court of the District of Columbia, hiking
his receipt therefor. It shall be the duty of s.ud
clerk to give bond, with approved security, in such
f«um as the said court may determine, to receive, rc-
ceipt fo«, «afely keep, and to pay out said funds, on
orders to be drawn by the iccorder of deeds, accom-
panied by vouchers approved by tho chief justice of
the supreme court of the District ot Columbia, for
the salary of said recorder, compensation of copy-
ists, and other necessary expenses of &a.id office, and
at the close of each calendar year to pay over anv
surplus tbttt may bein his bands to the treasurers of
the city of Washington, of the city of Georgetown,
and of the levy court of the county of Washington,
respectively, to be added to tho school funds of said
cities nnd county, and to be u?ed for the sur>r ort of
schools, in proportion to the number of children to
be benefited thereby in each of said corporations, the
award to be made by said supreme couit: Piocided,
Thatsaid clerk is hereby authorized t<- retain f--r bis
services two per cent, per annum for all moneys
received and properly accounted for under this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. There are some amend-
ments proposed by the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia to a subsequent section of
the bill.
The PEES1 DENT pro tempore. Tho amend-
ments reported by the committee will be read.
The first amendment of the committee was
in section six, line seven, after the word '• regis*
ter" to strike out the following words :
And which may be filed, recorded, made, and cer-
tified by the said William G. Flood up to the date of
the appointment of recorder of deeds under the
provisions of this act shall.
And in lien thereof to insert:
Up to the dato of the appointment and qualifica-
tion of his successor shall be.
So that the section will read :
That all deeds of conveyance, leases, powers of
attorney, and other written instruments required by
law to be filed and recorded, and all copies ofinstru-
, ments and recordsand certificates authorized by law,
hlod, recorded, made, and certified by William G.
Hood, as acting register of deeds for said District
since the death of Edward 0. Eddie, late register, up
to the date of the appointment and qualification of
his successor, shall be, and are hereby, dccl.i rod to be
legally performed, the same as if the said William G.
i'lood had been legally appointed and qualified as
register of deeds.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, line
seventeen, to strike out the word "have," and
in line eighteen to strike out the words "or
may accrue so that the clause will read:
And the said William 0. Flood is hereby declared
to be entitled to all the legal fees and emoluments of
said office for his said services which have been hith-
erto allowed the register of deeds, and which accrued
during said period.
The amendment was agreed to.
