1869,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tut.ion of the United States humbly acknowl-
edging Almighty God as the 'source of all
authoiity in civil government and the Lord
Jesus Ohrist as the Ruler among nations.
By Mr. WELKER: A memorial of the cor-
porate authorities of the city of Georgetown,
in the District of Columbia, asking for the
repeal of all existing laws creating a distinction
on account of race or color for eligibility'to
any elective office or to be drawn as jurors in
■Sdid District.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania: The
' memorial of Rev. P. G. Edwards and 123
others, citizens of Armstrong county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for such an amendment of the
Constitution as shall recognize Almighty God
as the source of all authority in civil govern-
ment.
IN SENATE,
Monday, February 15, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. T. H. Morgan, of Birming-
ham, England.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
Saturday last was dispensed with.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills of the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 1969) for the relief of
Nott & Co.—to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
The bill (H. R. No. 1971) granting a pen-
sion to Jacob S. Baker—to the Committee on
Pensions.
The bill (H. R. No. 1881) regulating the
reports of national banking associations—to
the Committee on Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 1973) in reference to
certifying checks by national banks—to the
Committee on Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 1974) to prevent loan-
ing money upon United States notes—to the
Committee on Finance.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 452) for the
relief of Leonard Pierce, jr., late United States
consul at Matamoras—to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the In-
terior, communicating papers relative to the
accounts of J. C. D. Blackburn for subsistence
furnished the Wichitas and other affiliated
bands of Indians; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to an ap-
propriation to pay additional and temporary
clerks in the Indian Bureau; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
two petitions of citizens of Ohio, praying for
such an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States as will fully acknowledge the
obligations of the Christian religion ; which
were referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Ho also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of granting to the
central branch of the Union Pacific railway
and the St. Joseph and Denver City railway
subsidy in money and bonds equal in amount
per mile to that already granted to the Central
Branch Union,Pacific railway; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the United States, praying that the right of
suffrage be granted to women in the District
of Columbia and in the Territories; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of
Henry Blackwell, praying compensation for
depredations by the Indians in 1862; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Mary A.
40xh Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 76.
Morris, praying art increase of pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Miner
Vanloon, praying compensation for property
destroyed by the Indians in 1862; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON presented nine petitions of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for such an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States as will fully acknowledge the obligations
of the Christian religion ; which were referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying an appropriation to the
funds of the National Homestead at Gettys-
burg for the orphans of soldiers and sailors of
the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented a
petition of citizens of Vermont, praying for
such an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States as will fully acknowledge the
obligations of the Christian religion ; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr? MORGAN. I present the petition of
officers and members of the Shipowners'
Association, against the passage of any law
authorizing a bridge across the East river not
sufficiently elevated to allow the free naviga-
tion of the river. The bill on this subject has
been reported from the Committee on Com-
merce, aud I move that the petition lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN also presented a petition of
citizens of New York, praying that a recipro-
city treaty may be made with the Dominion of
Canada and the British Provinces in North
America; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HOWARD presented a petition of citi-
zens of Michigan, praying for such an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
as will fully acknowledge the obligations of the
Christian religion; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of granting
a pension to George A. Schriner; which were
referred to the Committee on Pensions, and
ordered to be piinted.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of an increase of
the mail facilities on the mail route from Fort
Scott to Oswego, in that State; which were
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of granting to the
central branch of the Union Pacific railway and
the St. Joseph and Denver City railway a sub-
sidy in money and lands equal in amount to that
granted to the Central Branch Union Pacific
railway; which were referred to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying that women be granted the
right of suffrage ; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
Daniel D. Atchison, of Texas, praying the re-
moval of the political disabilities imposed on
him by acts of Congress ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of James
Sorley, of Texas, praying the removal of the
political disabilities imposed on him by acts of
Congress ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of colored citi-
zensof Northumberland county, Virginia, pray-
ing for an amendment to the Constitution to do
away with distinctions on account of race or
color ; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the petition
of Moses Brihl, a citizen of New York, setting
forth a scheme by which the_ Government cat}
within two years resume specie payment? wiiis^
outeontraction of the currency, ftt the same
time reduce the national debt $300,000,000. I
hope, in presenting* this petition, I may have
the attention of my friend, the Senator from
Ohio. Here is a panacea for specie payments
in two years from now, and a reduction of the
national debt by $300,000,000. If that does
not tempt my friend I do not know. SoW any-
thing can. 1 move the reference of the peti-
tion to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend explain it ?
Mr. SUMNER. Ah! tjkat is more than I
can do.
The petition was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. YATES presented the petition of Ed-
mund H. Bristow, of Mississippi, pr&ying the
removal of the political disabilities imposed on
him by acts of Congress ; which was' referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Illinois, praying for such an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States as will fully
acknowledge and recognize the obligations of
the Christian religion ; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of
James M. Porter, of Louisiana, praying a re-
moval of the political disabilities imposed on
him by acts of Congress ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHERMAN presented four petitions of
citizens of Ohio, praying for such an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
as will fully acknowledge the obligations of
the Christian religion ; which were referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of John P.
Brown, secretary and dragoman to the United
States legation at Constantinople, praying an
increase of compensation; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of
bankers and assayers of San Francisco, remon-
strating against the passage of a bill author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to make a
contract with a private refinery to refine un-
parted bullion, deposited in the United States
refinery for coinage; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
TERMS OF COURTS IN VERMONT.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred the petition of the judge, marshal,
district attorney, and members of the bar of
the State of Vermont, praying for an additional
term of the United States courts to be held at
Burlington, in tliat State, to report a bill on
that subject; and I ask for its present con-
sideration, as it will take but a moment; and
having that term where the business is done
will save some thousands of dollars-a year.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 935)
to provide for a term of the circuit and district
courts of the United States for the district of
Vermont was read twice by its title, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It. pro-
vides that a regular term of the circuit and
district courts of the United States for the dis-
trict of Vermont shall hereafter be held at
Burlington, in that district, on the fourth
Tuesday in February in each year; but this act
is not to be construed to authorize any expend-
ituie for the use of a building for such courts.
Permission is given to the authorities of the
State of Vermont to erect and maintain, at
their own expense, a court-house and also a
jail upon, or partly upon, the southerly side
'of the lot of land belonging to the United States
in Burlington, on which the custom-house
building stands; but no part of the lot is to
be built upon or used for that purpose within
fifty feet of the custom house; and the State
authorities are to permit the courts of the
United States to be held in the court-house
without charge for the use thereof, and to per-
mit prisoners held under tko authority of the.
United States to be imprisoned in such jail;
and for these purposes jurisdiction is ceded to
ih'e State of Vermont over the land so to feo
used and occupied.
