26
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 7
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
4:0tii Cong....3jd Sess.
■ The estimates for labor for the current year
were based on the standard which had always
previously been recognized and observed, but
Congress, while diminishing the appropriations
below the estimates, also lessened the amount
of labor to be daily rendered by each indi-
vidual workman. While, therefore, the Depart-
ment is furnished with less means, it is com-
pelled to employ one-fifth more laborers'than
in preceding years for the same amount of
work.
To preserve and protect the vessels and
other property at our navy-yards is a duty
prompted by economy and dictated by a proper
regard for the public interest. Work should
not be wholly suspended on the ships which
have been commenced and are yet unfinished,
but they should be completed and gradually
launched, and brought into service as they may
be wanted. If properly protected they can
remain on the stocks for years without injury,
after the hulls are finished. Each vessel, when
she returns from a cruise, should be at once
repaired and placed in an efficient condition.
Hulls and engines, after long service in different
climates, become worn and injured, and, if neg-
lected, will rapidly decay, it cannot be true
economy to withhold appropriations essential
for full and thorough repairs, for completing
improvements which have been commenced,
and for protecting and affordingfacilities neces-
sary to the good order, proper condition, and effi-
ciency of the navy-yards and navy establish-
ments. In some respects the public interest
has been made to suffer from neglect or refu-
sal to makesuffieientappropriationsforthepur-
poses herein indicated, and it is earnestly ree-
ommended that such omission be hereafter
avoided.
NAVAL ACADEMY.
Vice Admiral Porter continues in charge of
tlie Naval Academy. The high standing of
the institution continues to be maintained, and
the officers yearly added to the service possess
the advantage of excellent academic culture
with professional discipline. The number of
graduates at the- close of the last academic
year was seveuty-nine ; the number of admis-
sions the present year, forty-nine ; total num-
ber of midshipmen now at the Academy, two
hundred and eighty-six. At the commence-
ment of their practice cruise the current year
the midshipmen visited the Military Academy
at West Point, where they spent several days
in competing exercises and in the interchange
of hospitalities. Two of the vessels, the
Savannah and Macedonian, then sailed for the
Azores, touched at Madeira on theirway home,
and arrived at Annapolis on the 20th of
August. The Dale returned and cruised in
Chesapeake bay with the midshipmen who
entered in June, and who compose the present
fourth class.
Since the passage of the act of March 2,
1865, until the formation of the present class,
I have appointed no midshipmen from the
States which were excluded from represent-
ation ; but the admission of Representatives
during the current year, though at a late period,
has led to the recommendation and appoint-
ment of several midshipmen from those States.
The Academy grounds have been enlarged
during the year by the purchase of a portion
of the farm known as " Strawberry Hill," and
a conditional agreement has been made for
securing the remainder of this property should
Congress make the uecessary'appropriation.
NAVAL APPRENTICES.
The act of June 17, 1868, limits the number
of persons authorized to be enlisted into the
Navy, including apprentices and boys, to eight
thousand five hundred, and no more. This
limitation, which is actually "below the maxi-
mum which existed prior to the war, has com-
pelled the Department to reduce the number
of naval apprentices. A discontinuance of gen-
eral enlistments was ordered immediately on
the passage of the act, and discharges have
taken place to such an extent as to require the
Department to pat one of the school-ships out
of commission. The necessity for this step is
to be regretted, because a policy had been
adopted for the fuiure of the Navy which, if
properly encouraged and sustained, would have
furnished both the naval and commercial ma-
rine with a body of mariners of unsurpassed
excellence. In preceding reports 1 have stated
very fully the plan and purpose which seemed
to be necessary, in order to supply the Gov-
ernment and country with seamen to man our
ships, and Congress until the present year was
understood to have approved the object. Those
familiar -with the subject are aware that the
naval changes which have taken place and are
in progress by the introduction of steam, to-
gether with the fact of greater inducements to
engage in other pursuits, are diminishing the
class of man-of-war's men on which we have
hitherto depended, and who are fast disap-
pearing.
In point of economy as well as of efficiency
it is not to be questioned that the apprentice
system, well regulated and maintained, would
be of immense benefit to the Government and
country. Commencing their profession in early
life, apprentices would receive a thorough
nautical education, qualifying them todischarge,
at the age of eighteen, all the duties of ordi-
nary seamen, and disciplined and trained to
the performance of their duties they would
become experts, and abler to render invalua-
ble service.
I am unable to perceive reasons for includ-
ing- naval apprentices within the established
number of persons employed in the naval ser-
vice, and the effect must necessarily be to limit
their number, and check a system so auspi-
ciously commenced, if it does not wholly de-
feat the great objected intended.
SURVEY OF THE NORTH PACIFIC.
In view of the rapidly inereasing intercourse
between western America and Asia, of the
growing commerce of the Pacific States, and
of the important and various interests which
are springing up in connection with our recent
extensive acquisitions, it is important that a
more complete and systematic survey should
be made of the North Pacific ocean. The
naval vessels on the station continue to perform
some useful but necessarily limited and irreg-
ular surveys over that extensive and partially
explored field, but the period has arrived when
something more effective should be done. Our
rising States on the Pacific, our increasing
intimacy with the islands of that ocean, our
growing trade with China and Japan, and the
vast and varied interests and plans of commer-
cial enterprise which are opening from the In-
dian ocean to the islands on the north, demand
of us our proper contribution to the cause of
navigation and nautical science. In a region
where we have such a length of coastline, such
arge possessions, and such a wonderfully ex-
panding commerce, inviting the enterprise and
capital of our citizens, the United States are
interested beyond any other Power in giving
security to the mariners who traverse that
ocean.
Attention is especially invited to Brooks or
Midway Islands, discovered a few years ago
and recently surveyed by order of this Depart-
ment. The charts of the survey represent two
islands inclosed in a lagoon, forming a per-
fectly secure harbor, accessible to vessels draw-
ing less than twenty feet, and affording an
abundant supply of pure, fresh water. These
islands, which are uninhabited and unoccu-
pied, are situated about midway between Cali-
fornia and Eastern Asia, on the track of the
mail steamships, and furnish the only known
refuge for vessels passing directly between the
two continents.
It is represented by the naval officers who
made the survey, and also by Rear Admiral
Thatcher, lately in command of the North
Pacific squadron, that the bar at the entrance
of the harbor might be deepened at a very
small expense, and a port vastly superior to
Houolulu be thus opened to mariners, where
a depot might be established for the supply of
provisions, water, and fuel to the ocean steam
lines, and a refuge afforded to merchant ships
navigating that ocean. The importance of
taking possession of these islands and making
the proposed improvements can scarcely be
over-estimated, and should not be delayed.
IKON-CLADS.
The Department has continued previous
arrangements for the custody and preservation
of the iron-clad fleet which it has on hand.
These vessels can be serviceable only in time
of war, and the probabilities are that with a
prolonged peace they will, from corrosion and
other causes, greatly deteriorate and not un-
likely become useless before they will be needed
for service. In the meantime their keeping
and proper care are attended with considerable
annual expense, and at, no very distant period
a large outlay, almost equal to the construction
of new vessels, will be required to put them in
sailing and fighting condition.
Sinee the passage of the joint resolution
authorizing their sale but two have been dis-
posed of—the Catawba and Oneota, of a class
of eight vessels similar in all respects—at their
appraised value, $755,000, which has been paid
into the general Treasury, as directed, and not
applied to the purposes of this Department.
Exception was taken to this sale and transfer,
and Congress, through a committee, ordered
an investigation. Delay and embarrassment
followed to the annoyance of the foreign Gov-
ernment which was indirectly the purchases-,
and the effect has been to deter other Powers
from offering to make purchases, and such of
our countrymen as interested themselves to
effect sales, as a business operation, have
apparently abandoned their efforts.
It has been and still is the opiuion of the
Department that the true policy of the Gov-
ernment is to dispose, if possible, of all the
vessels of the classes whose sale has been au-
thorized by Congress. To keep them entails
a large annual expense upon the Government,
and in a few years if unused they will become
valueless as vessels of war, and will have to
be broken up and disposed of as old material.
It is worthy of consideration, therefore, whether
they should not be sold, if opportunity offers,
at less than their present appraisement.
PROMOTION OP OFFICERS.
The act of April 21, 1864, provides that "no
line officer upon the active list below the grade
of commodore, nor any other naval officer,
shall be promoted to a higher grade until his
mental, moral, and professional fitness to per-
form all his duties at sea shall be established
to the satisfaction of a board of examining
officers, to be appointed by the President of
the United States," and unless he has " been
examined by a board of naval surgeons and
pronounced physically qualified to perform all
his duties at sea." If not recommended for
promotion by both of these boards the act
directs that he "shall be placed upon the re-
tired list."
Under the provisions of this act, young offi-
cers in the early stages of their active profes-
sional career are in some instances placed on
the retired list and thus become pensioners for
life, after having received an education at the
public expense, without rendering any equiva-
lent service. No discretionary power is con-
ferred on the Secretary or President to permit
a second examination, even if the officer shall
have subsequently overcome the cause of fail-
ure, nor can any relief be granted, for the act
is mandatory.
It may well be questioned whether any offi-
cer below the grade of lieutenant commander
should be placed on the retired list for mental
or professional disqualification, which is often
