1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
the Constitution that they should he paid for
this properly which was taken for public use.
That very fort built upon the site of the dwell-
ing-house. those rifle-pits dug upon their land,
were subsequently used in battle to turn the
forces of Hood in their advance northward.
That property and that appropriation of prop-
erty became of the very greatest importance
to the country. Perhaps no property was taken
during the whole progress of the war which
was so valuable in its use for military purposes
as the property taken from these two girls.
The Constitution, the day that property was
taken, said that it was taken for public use,
and should be paid for. That was the promise;
not a bond signed by the Secretary of the
Tieasuiy, but an obligation resting upon the
Constitution itself, the whole nation having
promised these two persons that they should
be paid for their property.
A bond on that same day was issued, say,
paid for in a very depreciated currency ; every
six mouths the bondholder has received his
interest; his interestin gold has now amounted
to very nearly the amount of money he ad-
vanced. It is regarded as a high offense, and
I do not question it here ; [ am not up for the
purpose of questioning it.; it is regarded as a
very high political offense to question for a
moment the obligation to pay that bond; but
it is all right, and regarded as an act of polit-
ical virtue to say that the Treasury shall not
be burdened by an obligation of higher char-
acter and grade, if a promise by the Constitu-
tion is higher than a promise in the bond ! I
call the attention of Senators to this consider-
ation of it, that they may deliberately decide
whether they are ready to adopt, for the pur-
pose of defeating this little claim, the senti-
ment of repudiation.
So much for that view of the subject. Next,
sir, it is said that this was enemy's country.
In fact it was not so. In fact it was within
the lines of the Army of the United States.
The authority of the Government had been
reestablished at that place. Why then, sir,
shall they not be paid? As I said before, 1
do not admit the doctrine upon which the Sen-
ator from Michigan now stands. I do not
admit that these two girls of necessity were
enemies of the country. That has not been
the political view of the subject, and upon that
1 intend to read what I regard, as very high
authority, the statement of fact made by a gen-
tleman then occupying a very distinguished
position ill the party of the majority of this
body. And here is the doctrine as he de-
clared it:
" From the beginning of the war up to t'uo present
time every message ol tko President, every procla-
mation, every State paper, and every act of Congress
has proceeded upon the hypothesis that no State
could s.ecede troiu the U..ion ; thatonco lntheUmon
always in ihe Union. Mr. Lincoln in every procla-
mation went on the principle ttiat this war wasan
insurrection, a rebellion against the Constitution
and laws ot the United States; not a rebellion ot
States, but a rebellion of the individuals, the people
ot the several southern States; and every man who
went into it was personally and individually respon-
sible tor his acts, and could not shield himself under
tho action or authority of his State. He went on
the principle that every ordinance of session, every
act ot the Legislatures of tho rebel States in that
direction was a nullity unconstitutional and void,
having no legal lorce or effect whatever, and that as
these States were according to law m the Union their
standing could not be affected by tile action of tho
ptoplo; that the people ot these States were person-
ally responsible tor their conduct just as a man is
responsible who violates the statute in regard to the
commission of murder, and to be treated as crimi-
nals just as the authorities thoughtproper; that the
people of a State can forfeit their rights, but that
so iar as their action is concerned in a legal point of
view they had no power to affect the condition of
the State in the Union. Every proclamation and
every ;ict of Congress have proceeded upon this hy-
pothesis Mr. Buchanan started outwith the propo-
sition that this was a rebellion ot States. He said
we could not coerce a State. Our reply was, we have
nothing whatever to do with States; we will coerce
the people of the States, holding every man respon-
sible for bis conduct."
That was a declaration of the position of
the Government, very shortly after the close
of the war, that each party who participated
in the rebellion was personally responsible.
Can that personal responsibility, then, attach
to the neighbor that took no part in the war ?
Can it be held that because a large body of
persons violated their constitutional and legal
obligations in inciting a rebellion, in carrying
ou a war, therefore those citizens who did not
participate in this wrongful conduct are to have
the character impressed upon them which the
acts of the other parties impressed upon them-
selves? I repudiate the sentiment. I do not
think that it rests upon law, and I know that
it is not consistent with the view that we ought
to take of it. I ask gentlemen whether these two
girls, because of the existence of the war,
ceased to be citizens of the United States? Did
they cease to owe allegiance to the Govern-
ment of the United States? Never. Their
legal relation to the United States was never
changed; their obligation of allegiance re-
mained all the while.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question just there?
Mr. HENDRICKS. With pleasure.
Mr. CONKLING. If it he true that this
claimant never ceased to be a citizen of the
United States—and I agree with the Senator
in that—and if this claim rests upon the ground
that the private property of a citizen being
taken the United States is bound to make com-
pensation, does she stand upon any different
footing 011 account of her loyalty from that
which she would occupy if in truth she was
disloyal? Does the lact of her loyalty increase
her citizenship and matte this constitutional
provision more operative? And if by her side
was a person with the same case, except that
she was disloyal in the condition of her mind,
both being non-combatants, would it at all
affect the obligation or diminish the obligation
to pay?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, we are
discussing a case that is now before the Sen-
ate. When any other party presents a claim
it will be sufficient time then to consider the
merits of that claim. The fidelity of these
two girls to the Government has not been
disputed. That they were true all the while,
that they were ready to administer to the
comlorts of the soldiers who came by that
way with water from the well or food, is not
disputed. Now, sir, I think that it is not fail-
argument to lay alongside of this case the case
of a party who went into the war, who brought
on the necessity, who was the cause ol Uie
war, if I may so express it. I think there is a
very great difference. In the case of a party
who stood by the Government all the while,
who did all that he could to aid the Govern-
ment, if the Government takes his property it
is unquestionably a ease of a contract to pay
for that property. But the party who brings
on the .strife, who is the cause of the difficulty
and of the war in which his property is lost,
has no such claim as that.
Now, sir, to return to the argument. These
girls were citizens; no Senator claims that
they lost their citizenship; no Senator claims
that they ceased to owe allegiance to the Gov-
ernment of the United States; no Senator
claims that they did not faithfully discharge
all their duties to that obligation of allegiance
and fidelity. Why not pay the debt, then?
If the property had been taken from a neigh-
bor of the Senator from Michigan, up near the
c'ty of Detroit, would he not raise his voice for
payment? Would he not say that the Consti-
tution and moral obligation both required its
payment? Then I ask where is the difference
between a ease that may occur near Detroit,
in Michigan, and a case that occurred near
Decatur, in the State of Alabama, when that
locality was occupied by the Artny of the Uni-
ted States after the rebellion had been sup-
pressed, so far us that locality was concerned.
If there be merit special and peculiar it is in
favor of the party down at Decatur. ihe
party there, to be faithful to the Government,
had to stand up against public sentiment, while
the party near Detroit, to stand by the Gov-
ernment, would run with public sentiment. Ihe
case of these two girls, then, is stronger, in
my judgment, than if they had lived in one of
the northern States.
Mr. President, my purpose was mainly to
answer the argument which had been urged so
frequently, that the Treasury could not afford
to pay this money. In this case it' is, I be-
lieve, but $7,000. When a like case of equal
merits is presented here I shall vote for it, as
I voted for the case of Mr. Amies, in Virginia,
where his school property was taken because
it was necessary to occupy the grounds for
military purposes. We paid for that property,
and we said it was right to do so. His fidelity
to the Government was sufficiently established;
the loss of his property, by an appropriation on
the part of the Government, was established;
and we said that those two propositions being
established it ought to be paid for. Why not,
then, pay for this property that is provided for
in this bill? I shall vote for it with great
pleasure ; and I do not t.hink there is any
danger of bankrupting the Treasury by doing
so. There may be other claims. I have no
doubt there will be other claims. When they
are meritorious, when the property has been
taken for useful purposes in the prosecution
of the war, it ought to be paid l'or. The peo-
ple are able to pay for that which is right.
They have to pay for a good deal that ought
never to be paid for; and when a case is clear
and plain, where there have been no advan-
tages of political position to secure contracts,
but where properly has been taken for a great
purpose, my vote shall be to pay for it.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I have
convinced myself that this case is one of great
importance; that the bill we are now consider-
ing is practically one of the roost important
likely to he considered during this session;
and if I were to forecast the financial meas-
ures of this session I should be willing to
prophecy that no bill of more practical im-
portance touching the finances of the Govern-
ment will be considered finally than this. It
is not important because it involves $7,000,
nor merely because it is one claim ot a class.
It had when it came here from the committee,
and it has acquired during its consideration,
an importance far greater than that. Had it
been brought forward as the bill to which the
honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hexd-
ricks] has referred, iti the ordinary, 1 will not
say in the casual, manner of reports from com-
mittees, had it been acted upon sub silentio,
although it would have constituted a prece-
dent, it would have constituted a precedent in
hardly a greater sense than a judgment pro
forma in a court. But it was reported from
the committee us a test case. So it came
announced to the Senate, it has been largely,
if not thoroughly, discussed and treated as a
pioneer case—as a case the adjudication of
which is to constitute a precedent upon which
the Senate will rest.
And now i wish I could successfully invite
the attention of every Senator to this single
proposition, if to no other, to wit: that should
this bill be adopted, the questions which it
involves will not be reargued before this tribu-
nal until its constitution is changed, if ever.
Let me repeat myself: while the Senate is
composed of its present members, after such
a discussion as this bill has undergone, the
questions which itiuvolveswill not be reopened,
nor will a reargument be made. Distinctions
will be sought, and perhaps found, between
this case in its particularity and other cases
said to bear a resemblance to it; aud I think
I shall be able to show that those distinctions
will be soughtin vain in the midst of the count-
less multitude of coining cases. Therefore, I
shall make no apology for asking the attention
of the Senate to an answer to some of the sug-
gestions which have been made, feeling, as I
do, that I cannot address myself to a subject of
more interest to the people I represent than
the question whether, in a case like this, anu in
all other like cases, that sum of money wbicn
no process of arithmetic now can compute is
