1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1203
they are worthy to be passed. I therefore ask
that the Senate to-morrow take a recess from
four until seven o'clock for the purpose of con-
sidering bills from the Pension Committee in
the evening. There are twenty-five of them,
and they can be disposed of in a short time.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion will be put if there be no objection. The
Senator from West 'Virginia moves that to-
morrow at four o'clock a recess be taken until
seven for the purpose of considering pension
bills.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand the Senator
to say " pension bills and other business." I
do not think we need confine the evening ses-
sion to pension bills.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I have no objection
to taking up other business after these pension
bills shall have been disposed of. There will
be time enough unquestionably to do so.
The motion was agreed to.
EXAMINATION OE ACCOUNTS.
Mr. CRAGIN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate to offer the following
resolution, and I ask for its present consider-
ation :
Resolved, That the Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate be author-
ized and empowered to send for persons and papers
to facilitate the investigation of the accounts now
pending before said committee.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CAMERON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 936) supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to authorize the extension, construction,
and use of a lateral branch of the Baltimore
and Potomac Railroad into and within the
District of Columbia," approved February 5,
1867; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. WELCH asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
947) to provide for the removal of the archives
of the St. Augustine branch of the United
States land office to the United States land
office at Tallahassee, Florida; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 948) providing for the sale of the Fort
Riley military reservation, Kansas; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill has been handed
me by a distinguished citizen from my State
who knows vastly more about the subject than
I do. I move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 225) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Navy to place a vessel at the dis-
posal of the commissioners of charities and
corrections of the city of New York, to be used
for the purposes of a nautical school; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 226) requiring parties
desiring to be relieved from political disabili-
ties to make application to Congress in writing,
over their own signatures, setting forth the.
grounds upon which relief is asked; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
3882) to prohibit the further increase of the
public debt, and for other purposes; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (S.
No. 499) granting a pension to the widow and
child of Martin Whitt, deceased ; and it was
thereupon signed by the President pro tempore
of the Senate.
SERVICES IN INSUIUIEOTIONARY STATES.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up Senate bill No. 771.
Mr. NYE. I supposed I was entitled to the
floor after the morning business was through.
I had a bill almost up, and gave way to the
morning business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina asks unanimous con-
sent to consider the bill mentioned by him at
this time. Does any Senator object?
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 771) authorizing payment
to be made for certain services rendered to the
United States in the late insurrectionary States.
It proposes to authorize the heads of the sev-
eral Executive Departments to allow and pay
from any proper appropriation, to officers and
employes of the United States who failed to
take the oath prescribed by the act approved
July 2, 1862, such sum or sums of money as
may be found due to them, respectively, by
the accounting officersof theTreasury Depart-
ment for the services heretofore actually ren-
dered, at the rates prescribed by law or the
regulations of the proper Department; but
before any such compensation is to be allowed
or paid it is to be made to appear that the oath
was duly taken after the rendition of such ser-
vices, or the person claiming the same is to
subscribe-and take before some competent offi-
cer and file with the accountthe oath or affirm-
ation prescribed by the act requiring an oath
of allegiance and to support the Constitution
of the United States, approved August 6,1861;
and if any person entitled to compensation
under this act shall have died before the pas-
sage thereof such oath or affirmation may be
waived.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What committee did that
come from?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. From the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. NYE. If I understand that bill it brings
up a question that has been much discussed
here about the propriety of paying those agents
appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury in
the South.
Mr. CONKLING. And by the President,
too.
Mr. NYE. And by the President, also. If
so, I suggest to my friend from South Carolina
that the bill cannot possibly be passed in
twenty minutes. It brings up the whole ques-
tion, which is a subject that has beeu and will
be discussed by certain Senators to my certain
knowledge at length.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to say to the honor-
able Senator from Nevada that I understand
this bill, or a similar bill in effect, has passed
the Senate with very little opposition, and I
was in hopes that the Senate would at this time
pass this without debate. I do not desire to
debate it myself, unless I am obliged to answer
gentlemen who oppose it: but I believe the
honor, good faith, and justice of the country
demand the passage of this bill, because the
penalties fall upon parties who are not guilty
in the transaction.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the bill was called
up I misapprehended the purpose of it. I will
state to the Senate that this bill was three or
four times considered by the Committee on
Finance, and has twice passed the Senate.
The circumstances are these: after the war
was over the Secretary of the Treasury, not
in accordance with law, employed several per-
sons as deputy collectors and deputy assessors
who did not take the test-oath. The ease was
submitted to Congress, and we passed a law
declaring that no further employment of such
persons should be had, but in the mean time
these men, some seventy or eighty of them,
had been employed as "deputy officers and had
actually rendered the services, and had col-
lected a pretty large sum of money. The pre-
cise amount was stated two or three years ago
here. It was a very large sum of money, at
any rate; and we thought they ought to l)e
paid for the time they were actually employed
prior to the date of the resolution of Congress
which prevented the Secretary from employ-
ing any others. I have always had that opinion
of it. Such a provision was twice attached to
an appropriation bill, but the House of Rep-
resentatives declined to pay, and always have
refused to pay.
Mr. NYE. It failed in the House of Rep-
resentatives as often as it passed the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. It failed in the House.
Mr. NYE. It will lead to discussion ; and
there is a little bill which I should like to dis 
pose of, and which will not take a moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. We provided that those
officers who were appointed prior to a certain
date, and acted in pursuance of that appoint-
ment made by the Secretary of the Treasury,
should be paid for the services actually rend-
ered by them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The effect of this would
be to pay them under the last clause. It is a
little broader than the other was.
Mr. CONNESS. Can the Senator from Ohio
state within what months and what years these
appointments were made ? The bill is general
in its character.
Mr. SHERMAN. They were made in the
fall of 1805, just after the war was over, when
the Government extended over the southern
country the internal revenue laws; and, I think,
by an act passed in the spring of 1866 by both
Houses of Congress such appointments were
condemned, and none were made after that.
I do not know how that is. The matter has
passed out of my recollection for some time.
Mr. SAWYER. I think, perhaps, I am as
well acquainted as any Senator on this floor
with the circumstances which attended the mak-
ing of these appointments. Directly after the
occupation of the rebel territory by the United
States troops, and after the settling down of
affairs there, the revenue system of the Gov-
ernment was extended over that territory. It
was almost, if not quite, a practical impossi-
bility to employ there men who could take
the oath of July 2, 1862, conscientiously who
would accept the offices, and who at the same
fcime were competent to perform the duties. I
think, so far as my own State goes, I possess
full knowledge on that point; and I aver, with-
out fear of contradiction, that it was a practi-
cal impossibility to fill creditably the offices of
the nature of revenue offices thereat thai time
in accordance with the terms of the oath of
July 2, 1862. Under those circumstances the
Secretary of the Treasury and the President
recommended and appointed men for offices
who could not take that oath. Those men gave
notice to the appointing power that they could
not take the oath, but the parties in that State
who were cognizant of the circumstances stated
the fact that they could not find men who could
take the oath of character sufficient to fill the
places, and the parties were directed to go on
and perform the duties. They did perform the
duties. They performed them faithfully. They
were of great service to the Government at the
time when it needed that service. They were
instrumental in bringing a large amount of rev-
enue into the Treasury of the United States.
When their accounts came to be settled the
Comptroller of the Treasury decided that he
could not allow their bills because their appoint-
ment was in contravention of the law of the
United States of July 2, 1862, and they have
remained from that time to this unpaid, although
many of them spent their own money besides
giving their services, and although the Govern-
ment had the benefit of the expenditure of that
amount of money for traveling expenses and
other expenses, and the benefitof their services.
Now, while it may be p'roper for the Amer-
ican Congress to signify its dissent from tbfl
