252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
to be taken from the Treasury and given to we
know not whom.
If the purpose was, Mr. President—and I
do not impute it to any Senator—to render
the war from which we have emerged odious,
to discredit and disparage the intelligence of
the two Houses of Congress, it could be suc-
cessfully accomplished by obtaining from the
Senate a judgment that the legislation of the
country has been so neglected that the Gov-
ernment of the United States is now bound
by law to make compensation for the injury
which was done, for the calamity which befell
citizens in the prosecution of that bloody war
in which the Government was driven to en-
gage. And when I hear Senators talk about
repudiation, and address to the Senate or to
the galleries suggestions that some parallel is
to be run between those who challenge this
claim and those who set commercial and na-
tional honor at defiance by trampling our pub-
lic obligations under their feet, I am almost
compelled to look for some cause of such
argument which ought not to be found, and
usually is not found, within the precincts of
this Chamber. I have no wish to see the
Senate repudiate any just claim ; but I have a
great wish that at the threshold of bills of this
description we should ascertain as definitely
as we may whether .the Government owes any-
thing to such claimants; and if so, upon what
principle, and how much..
\\ hat is this case ? in i8S-l the claimant was
a cm wen of the State of Alabama. A disorder
had broken out in Alabama and elsewhere. Jt
was I he primary duty of the State government
in Alabama to quell that insurrection, and in-
teipose between it and thecitizens of the State.
J-lkM-eKaulmg ilii.s duty, not exerting within the
limits of possibility or convenience its" power,
the government of Alabama was found m front
ol (lie rebellion. It led the assault; and thus
the Government of the United States found
iitti-U' doubly charged with the duty of interfer-
ing and persevering to the end. The Govern-
ment did interfere, exerting that right and
acknowledging that duty which the honorable
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] yesterday
in such forcible language told ns existed.
This disorder spread among many States, and
ran into a public civil war, a war in all respects
pertinent to this inquiry. '1 he porta of this
very State and of other States were blockaded ;
and that word contains now, as it contained
then, that volume of significance which alone
determines the question, so far as this Govern-
ment can determine it, whether a war existed
or not. Caitels for the exchange of prisoners
were made. The world looked oil, and every
nation said " this is a public war and history
paid it was the greatest and most destructive
war the world had ever seen. What did this
Government, especially, say? livery depart-
ment of it, executive, legislative, and judicial,
said it w:is a public war in all its bearings and
all its attributes. The Supreme Court of the
United States, in the prize cages, said not only
as i have affirmed, but said other things bear-
ing more particularly, as I hope 1 can show the
Senate, upon this precise question.
Now, sir, the law-making power, both by
direction and by indirection, too, vested the
President of the United States with the power
to issue the proclamations which he did ; and
two ol those proclamations—one will suffice for
this purpose—denominated the State of Ala-
bama and the whole of it as enemy's country,
not in so umny words, but m the construction
given by the Supreme Court in the cases which
1 hold in my hand. ThehonorableSeuatorfrom
Wisconsin [Mr. Howjs] waves his "ambrosial
curls'1 in dissent to that proposition; but I
beg of him to listen for one moment and see
if i am not right in what I say.
Mr. 110 WE. The Senator from Wisconsin
will hear with great pleasure the Senator from
New York, and lay his ambrosial curls aside.
I beg the Senator to understand, however, that
I am not the man who dealsin ambrosial curls.
[Laughter.] 1 was about to call his attention
to the proposition he made just now, that those
proclamations asserted that the whole of Ala-
bama was enemy's territory. I was about to
ask him to point to any one proclamation which
said that; and he qualified it at once by saying
it was not so said in terms, but something was
said upon which the Supreme Court based its
construction. Now I shall hear the Senator
with a great deal of pleasure.
Mr. CONKLING. First of all, I must set
right with the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin the other point. I know there was a
time, five or six years ago, when conservatism
was somewhat rampant in the Republican party,
when it was thought injurious to politicians to
say that their hair curled. [Laughter.] That
time passed some time ago; and for that reason,
if for no other, I beg the honorable Senator to
believe that I did not intend in any way to
inflict an injury upon liitn by indulging myself
in a somewhat trite quotation.
Mr. IlOWiS. I certainly did not suspect the
honorable Senator from New York of an in-
tention to fix a stigma on any gentleman by
alluding to his curls. I think he would be the
last one to attempt to stain a man in that way.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. I take that precisely as
the Senator leaves it, and that, I suppose, is a
condonation all around of the offense which
the Senator septus, in a good-natured way, to
have taken at my remark.
Now, Mr. President, my proposition was
and is that the President of the United States
by proclamation put the State of Alabama in
the situation of enemy's country. Upon that
the Senator takes issue. Whether he takes
issue upon the fact of such a proclamation or
upon the legal effect of that proclamation I
do not know, and in the absence of informa-
tion I will try to defend my statement upon
both points. First, I take it, nobody denies
that the President issued a proclamation de-
claring that territory represented by the geo-
graphical limits of the State of Alabama to be
insurrectionary territory. Does the Senator
deny that? I inquire of the Senator whether
he puts me to the proof that the President
issued a proclamation declaring that district,
that locality, or, if there be a distinction, the
inhabitants of that locality known as the State
of Alabama in insurrection?
Mr. HOWIi I put the Senator to the proof
of showing that the President did anything
more than to say that an insurrection existed in
the State of Alabama; and when he said that,
i call the attention of' the Senator to the fact
that he explained the consequences which he
attached to the fact stated by 'Vim, that an
insurrection existed in the State of Alabama;
but in no one of his proclamations did he say
how much or how little of the State of Ala-
bama was involved in the insurrection.
Mr. CONKLING. Well, Mr. President, I
heard years ago a very old lawyer, and a very
acute one, say that when a contract was made
for the sale of a horse it carried iiis head, his
tail, and the whole of him, and it was not ne-
cessary to be any moie particular than to say it
was the sale of a horse. By parity of reason-
ing, if the Senator will excuse me, I had sup-
posed that when a State or a county or a
parish or a township, or any other entire geo-
graphical thing was nominated, the designation
meant precisely, as it implied, the whole of
that thing; and [ should suppose, if the hon-
orable Senator had not made the suggestion,
that it would be very, very far-fetched to at-
tempt to say that it applied to it at all without
applying to the whole of it; and that if it did
apply to a part of it, and not to the whole, it
applied to some particular part of which you
could make that affirmation, declaring that, as
to the other part, its operation was absent. 1
shall not stop to argue that, because it is too
fine-spun forme. When the State of New Yck
is spoken of it means the State of New York,
and so when the State of Alabama is spoken
of it means the State of Alabama; and when
I the people of the State of New York are spoken
of it means the four million people who inhabit
that State.
Mr. HOWE. That the Senator, if I do not
embarrass him -
Mr. CONKLING. Not in the slightest.
Mr. HOWE. That the Senator and myself
may comprehend just the point of difference
between us, let me say a word. I know I can
see that under some circumstances when the
State of New York is referred to it may in-
clude the whole of the State of New York;
but the Senator certainly would insist, if a
newspaper paragraph stated that the small-pox
had broken out in New York, that we should
not necessarily conclude that the small-pox
prevailed throughout the State of New York ;
and if the small-pox could prevail in a part
and not the whole of the State of New York,
could not an insurrection exist in a part and
not the whole of the State of New York?
[Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. I hardly know whether
that remark of the Senator is intended by way
of pleasantry or law. If by way of pleasantry,
it is good, because it makes my honorable
friend from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] laugh ;
and notwithstanding his proverbial good nature
there must be wit in it, or he would not laugh.
But if it is intended as a matter of law, I need
not point out to the Senator the total dissimi-
larity between that case and this. When you
talk about the people of a State as to their con-
dition politically, then you are talking about
one thing. If you say a horse has ran away
in the State of Wisconsin, you of course do not
imply that he ran all over the State of Wis-
consin in running away; and yet the Senator
might as well put that case to me, I submit, as
to put the case he does.
1 think, then, we are agreed that the Presi-
dent did issue a proclamation in which lie de-
clared in insurrection the people of the State
of Alabama. Now, I say that that procla-
mation,with the force which the Supreme Court
gives to presidential proclamations, carried
with it the whole force of determining that that
was enemy's territory. The President by vir-
tue of the same power proclaimed a blockade ;
and the Supreme Court said, in the prize cases,
that by virtue of that proclamation alone a
blockade existed; and they said also that he
had legislative sanction for it. I can put my
eye upon the paragraph in a moment, for I
have the case before me; but I will not stop
to do it.
Now, if in truth this was a civil war, a pub-
lic war, if in truth those waging it on the other
bide, although they were called rebels and in-
surrectionists, nevertheless were a belligerent,
as the Supreme Court has decided, i ask at
what point it is that the argument can fail to
show that this was enemy's territory ? And if it
was not enemy's territory 1 ask what rood of
land withiu the limits of the Republic in the
year 1804 was enemy's territory ? Will any
Senator tell me that the accident of the time,
determining whether the Army was in truth
camping there or whether contending armies
were engaged in a grapple for the mastery,
decided whether it was enemy's territory or
not? I think no lawyer will say that; and if
he will not, then this is the palpable ease—
assuming that the late war could present it—
of occurrences in a theater of war, and in a
territory within military lines and within the
original occupation of one of the belligerents,
by whom it was so wrenched step by step as the
Army proceeded.
That, then, is this case upon its facts so far.
This claimant was a citizen, under those cir-
cumstances, of that State. Now, what is the
bill? This sum of money is to be appropri-
ated—■
"in full payment for damages done her farm in
Uecatur, Alabama, by reason of the same being oc-
cupied lor military purposes, and lor the destruction
ot the buildings and otticr property thereon."
Here, then, is imbedded in this bill, entering
at least as an ingredient into this computation,
the circumstance that this claimant's land was
