1204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
policy which the Administration chose to adopt
on that occasion; while I will not say one word
against any reproof Congress may put upon the
Administration for doing an act unauthorized
by law, I submit, at the same time, that this
Government cannot afford to employ agents to
collect its revenues and then turn around and
sayitwillnotpay them. That is what they have
been saying practically for years. I ask that
the credit of the Government and the faith of
the Government toward those men who, what-
ever may have been the faults of the Adminis-
tration, are not themselves at fault, shall be
maintained, and that Congress shall pass an aet
enabling the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury to pay those men to whom such payments
are found to be due. I submit that there is no
argument which can be brought here against
that fair, upright, and honest proposition ex-
cept the one that Congress does not wish to
countenance or encourage, by doing an act of
justice to these meritorious men, the acts of
the' present Administration. If the penalty
were to fall on the present Administration
alone it would be one thing; but the penalty
does not simply fall on the present Administra-
tion. It falls on these, in most cases, poor,
honest men, who were too honest to take the
oath when they could not conscientiously do
so, while they saw many others around them,
day after day, taking the oath who could not
take it with any better conscience than they
could themselves.
Mr. CONNESS. It may be an ungenerous
and unjust thing to say anything against the
payment of these claims : but a general pro-
vision for their payment which goes upon the
assumption that they were all good men is a
pretty wide one, and is, as I think, a very care-
less mode of legislation. I have no doubt that
the honorable Senator from South Carolina has
stated correctly what he knows when he says
that a part of those officers appointed by the
Secretary of the Treasury who came within his
purview and observation were good men and
did important public duties. I do not under-
take to contradict that statement, but I accept
it; but I think it is going a considerable way
to say that all the appointments made in the
summer and fall of 13C5 by the present Secre-
tary of the Treasury were made from good men
and men who ought to have been appointed.
At that time it was notorious that from every
State or nearly every State in the South there
came -^presentations to Congress that loyal
men, v in who had sacrificed everything fear
being loyal daring the war and who would have
gladly accepted such appointments, could not
get them, but they were conferred in the main
upon political agents of the then Administration
who were organizing a policy as "v*e believed
prejudicial to the country, for not only the pur-
pose of assessing aud collecting taxes, but for
political purposes.
These appointments were made about the
"period of time when the distinguished finan-
cier who presides over the Treasury Depart-
ment turned politician andstatesman, in which
capacities he was not theretofore known, when
from the balcony of the Treasury Department
he harangued a mob, a secession mob, in this
city, and denounced the Congress of the Uni-
ted States as "Constitution tinkers." It was
popular then to deal in language of that kind.
He did, without the authority of law, appoint
an army of men in the rcbei States, and the
Congress of the United States when it met at its
nextsucceedingsession prohibited the payment
of salaries to those persons thus appointed, and
prohibited the practice in the future.
Now, Mr.President, if therebeoneor more of
these others who can be stated to come under
'~'je ciass described by the Senator I would
glacjy vote for his payment, even though the
appointment was made, as they were all made,
without authority of law. But it is pretty
sweeping to pass a law to pay those men who
were appointed for the purpose of organizing
a second destruction of this country or a sec-
ond attempt at it. I" suppose the country will
live and we shall get out of our financial difficul-
ties if all their salaries be paid; but I incline
to think that they all should not be paid.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to say only one
word in reply to the honorable Senator from
California. I think if he will throw his mem-
ory back to about the time when these ap-
pointments were made he will agree with me
that at that time there was known to be no
discrepancy of views between the Administra-
tion and Congress upon questions of public
policy.
Mr. CONNESS. Permit me to ask my
friend a question. I submitted to the Senator
from Ohio, with that view, the question as to
when those appointments were made. He an-
swered in the fall of 1865. Now I ask the
Senator from South Carolina if he will state
when those appointments were made, in what
months and year ?
Mr. SAWYER. They were made before
the year ending June 30, 1865, as a general
thing. They were made, all of them, or sub-
stantially all of them, long before the assem-
bling of Congress in December, 18G5. They
were made, at any rate, during the six or seven
months when it was not known in all parts of
the country that there was likely to be any dif-
ference of views between the Administration
and Congress.
Mr. CONNESS. Will my friend permit me
another word at this point?
Mr. SAWYER. Yes, sir.
, Mr. CONNESS. I will state, for the Sen-
ator's information, that it was known here that
the political plan upon which a new party was
to be constructed, to be composed of the entire
rebel element of the South in the main, was
.organized during those months in the year
18o5, and that Parsons of Alabama, and Hum-
phreys of -Mississippi were here engaged per-
sonally superintending that organization.
Mr. SAWYER. I am quite aware that cer-
tain men in the South who ought not to have
had influence with the Administration did ob-
tain that influence; but I think the Senate
cannot be informed of the facts with regard to
the other employes of the Government, who
ought to stand on precisely the same platform
that these men stand on. It is perhaps not
known to Senators that the South for the last
three years, through its military organization,
has been controlled in a very large degree by
men who received pay from the Government,
but who by the character of their offices were
not obliged to take any oath of office. They
have been regularly paid month after month.
Quartermasters' clerks, commissary clerks,
and all that class of employes did not take
any oath at all. Clerks in the Executive De-
partments here do not take an oath, and yet
they are paid, although they may be everyone
of them disqualified from taking the oath of
July 2, 18G2. The restriction as to payment
extends simply to one class of officers in the
South, and there ha3 been a great want of uni-
formity in the practice of the Government on
account of the fact that certain men had to
take the oath while other men had not. It
has bred in the minds of the people of the
South a feeling that the Government was not
just, toward those who served it and who ren-
dered it service. These men were men who,
if they had been dishonest, as many other
employis of the Government, I am sorry to
say, have been there, and had been willing to
swallow the test-oath whole, as men were found
willing to do, could have got their pay; and
the refusal to pay these men in the year 1865
was offering a direct premium on perjury.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator from
South Carolina allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SAWYER. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. I ask whether they made up their
minds to that because they did not get their
pay, or whether they made up their minds that
the Government was unjust before that, and
tried for four or five years to break it up?
Mr. SAWYER. I will answer the question
by asking the Senator if he had been engaged
to render service to a parly and had made that
party fully cognizant of his position, of ajl the
conditions of the appointment, and then was
refused payment, whether he would not feel s
sense of injustice? .
Mr. NYE. My answer to that is that if these
men are as capable as the Senator represents
them to be they knew very well that the law
prohibited them from taking these places and
they became particeps criminis to its breaking
the moment they did accept, and they come
here with a poor grace with a view of obtaining
compensation.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not wish to trespass
on the time of the Senate, but I must say one
word in answer to the honorable Senator from
Nevada. The first time I ever saw the test-
oath, as it was called, the first time it w.-.s ever
brought to my notice, was when it was presented
to me for signature. It was never published in
the late so-called confederate States; and 1
presume that not one in fifty of those who were
appointed to office saw it until it was presented
to him; and the honest men then notified those
who were administering the Government that
they could not take that oath. They were told
to modify it to such an extent as was necessary
and then go on and perform the duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, on a
former occasion, while a member of the Com-
mittee on Finance, I reported a bill very sim-
ilar in its terms to this to relieve these officers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was not so broad as
this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Idonotknowthatitwas;
but it was substantially the same. It was founded
on the same principle. I will inform my hon-
orable friend from Nevada that he is not quite
right in his supposition with regard to these
gentlemen. I am not aware that we had any
apprehension, or at any rate anything more
than an apprehension, up to the time of the
meeting of Congress in December, 1865, that
there would be any breach with the President
of the United States. Up to that time what
he had done he represented to be merely an
experiment, which might be followed out or
not, as it might prove satisfactory to Congress.
We hoped and believed, the large body of us,
up to that period that there would be no neces-
sity of any collision between the Congress and
the President of the United States. He had
done certain acts which we believed he had
no right to do and which he represented as
nothing in the world but an experiment which
Congress might adopt or not as it saw fit. Cir-
cumstances occurred after that which brought
about the unhappy state of things which has
since continued. But long previous to that
these appointments were made by the Treasury
Department, at a time when there was no ap-
prehension, or at any rate nothing more than a
vague fear that the course which the President
seemed inclined to adopt might lead to diffi-
culty ; and the appointments, therefore, were
not made in any sense with reference to any
such understanding or any such belief.
Mr. HOWARD. So far as we knew.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So far as we knew and
so far as I believed and so far as wo ought to
conclude from our knowledge of the facts,
because gentlemen will remember that when
Congress met there was no particular fault
found with what the President had done if
he continued to act as he said he should or
meant to do, considering what he had done as
a mere experiment to be followed out or not
according to circumstances, and according as
it might be considered necessary.
Well, sir, those appointments were made
before that time. Whether or not there were
individuals in the southern States who could
take the oath and accept the appointments and
discharge the duties, it is very certain that the
Secretary of the Treasury believed that he could
not find the right kind of men and competent
men to discharge these duties and who could
take the oath. It was necessary that he should
collect the revenue. We all wanted him to do
that. He must have officers to accomplish that
purpose. Jtwas represented to him, and he
believed, that he must go among those who
could not take the oath, to a certain extent,
