28
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December t,
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
40th Cons....3d Sess.
mates, to accept the policy so emphatically
indicated of the wishes of Congress, and to
limit their estimates to the amount necessary
for the wants of the service, based upon the
authorized number of men, and what is abso-
lutely required to keep in repair and to pre-
serve the public property. Should it bethought
advisable to place the navy-yards in more effi-
cient condition, befiting the requirements of
the country and the service, foriper reports can
be referred to for statements of improvements
considered essential, or should the views of
the Department in these respects, or as regards
any branch of the service be desired, they will
be promptly furnished.
Since the close of the war the estimates of
this Department and the appropriations of Con-
gress have, until the present year, been based on
a maximum of 15,000 enlisted men. Although
the appropriations authorized the enlistment
and payment of this number, the Department
in organizing the squadrons has employed no
more than the necessities of the service on a
moderate naval peace establishment required.
Less than 12,000 men were enlisted, leaving a
reserve of over 3,000 to be called into service
in case of emergency. It has been the policy
of the Department, while under my administra-
tion, to present in each annual report the actual
condition of the service in all its branches, with
ample estimates for every requirement and pro-
posed improvement. Congressand the country
have thus been fully apprised of the necessities
and purposes of the Department, and deficiency
bills at subsequent sessions have been avoided.
When Congress convened one year ago, and
the Department learned informally that it was
the intention to reduce the service one half,
to defer the completion of vessels which had
been commenced, and for which engines had
been contracted before the war terminated,
arid to discontinue improvements in the navy-
yards, the estimates were at once revised and
made to conform to the new condition of
things. The Department had not been con-
sulted in regard to this reduction, nor informed
that any change from the then existing num-
ber was designed ; nor was any time allowed
to recall from distant stations the vessels which
were to be dispensed with in order that the
squadrons might be graduated by the new
standard. Measures were, however, promptly
adopted upon the passage of the act to reduce
the number to the legal limitation, which was
accomplished by the 1st of September.
The estimates now submitted are for eight
thousand five hundred men, including appren-
tices, thenumber established by the act approved
on the 17th of last June. Should Congress at
its present session enlarge or diminish the
number now authorized, the appropriations
should be made necessarily to correspond, and
the estimates which follow must conform to
existing legislation.
THE BUREAUS.
The accompanying reports of the chiefs of
the several bureaus, and of the commandant
of the Marine corps, give a summary of the
operations of their several departments during
the year, and are referred to for full informa-
tion upon points which can here be only briefly
alluded to.
The chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks
details with minuteness the improvements
made in the several navy-yards, and gives a
statement of the work now in progress, and
what is considered absolutely necessary, with
the closest economy, forthe repair of thebuild-
ings and the care of the public property. The
channel of the Wallabout bay, at the New
York navy-yard, has so far filled up as to cause
much embarrassment in the docking and mov-
ing of heavy ships, and an appropriation will
be required for the purpose of dredging. An-
other effort to obtain from the State of New
York jurisdiction over the recently purchased
Ruggles property has been made, and failed in
consequence of local opposition. Nothing has
been done, for want of an appropriation, with
the property at New London, the title to which
has been received from the State of Connec-
ticut.
The chief of the Bureau of Ordnance re-
ports that very large amounts of ordnance and
ordnance stores, accumulated during the war,
still remain on hand, the subsequent wants of
the service having made no material diminu-
tion in the quantity. Their value is estimated
to be about seventeen million dollars, and the
charges for their preservation make consider-
able drafts on the small appropriation allowed
for ordnance expenditure. Experimental oper-
ations have ceased entirely, but the chief of
the bureau recommends an appropriation for
renewing them, the solution of the ordnance
problem being the principal condition to a suc-
cessful determination of the proper armature
as well as armament of efficient war vessels.
The chief of the Bureau of Equipment and
Recruiting reports that, owing to the reduction
of the naval force, the only contract made for
tlfe current year is for ten thousand tons of
coal at $3 33 per top. The board appointed
to test the comparative tensile strength of wire
and hemp rope report that the experiments
show that wire rope of less than half the diam-
eter of hemp fully equals the latter in strength.
Its manufacture and use is therefore recom-
mended. During the year three hundred and
sixty tons of hemp have been manufactured
into cordage. The reduction of the naval force
to the number- authorized by law was accom-
plished on the 1st of September. The necessity
of providing by legislation for a more effectiye
punishment for the crime of desertion is again
urged.
The chief of the Bureau of Navigation reports
that the usual duties of providing, distributing,
and keeping navigation supplies have been sat-
isfactorily performed during the year. Par-
ticular attention has been given to the subject of
navy chronometers and compasses, and means
have been taken to diffuse among naval officers
information embodying the results of special
inquiries and official experience concerning
this subject. The rapidly increasing interests
of the United States in the waters of thePacific
and Indian oceans render it desirable that
there should be speedily inaugurated a series
of surveys of the waters between the American
and Asiatic coasts, fromBebring's Straits to the
Sandwich Islands. It is also suggested that
our Navy should do its part toward a resurvey
of the western coast of South America, ren-
dered necessary by extensive hydrographical
changes produced by the recent earthquakes in
that region. The number of naval apprentices
on board the apprentice ship is 197 ; on board
cruising vessels, 271; making the total number
in the service on the 30th of September 468.
The accompanying reports of the Superintend-
ents of the Naval Observatory and Nautical
Almanac show the transactions of their re-
spective institutions during the year, and make
suggestions for the future.
The chief of the Bftreau of Construction and
Repair states that, in consequence of the re-
duced appropriations, the work upon all new
vessels has been suspended, except on the four
small ones referred to in his last annual report,
and that the repair of vessels has been strictly
limited to the few necessary to maintain our
squadrons abroad, no labor being done upon
returning vessels. It is suggested that it would
be ultimate economy to place these vessels in
efficient condition, as the defects increase very
rapidly as their repair is postponed. The
enormous loss arising from building ships with
unseasoned timber is again adverted to, and
a special appropriation of about five hundred
thousand dollars for two or three years, for
the purpose of gradually accumulating a supply
of timber in the navy-yards, is recommended.
Such was formerly the policy of the Govern-
ment, but the materials accumulated were
exhausted during the war. The necessity of
proper tools and workshops to enable us to
maintain our standing as a first-class Power is
also alluded to. There is no suitable place for
the construction of iron and armored vessels
or for other necessary work, and an appropri-
ation of $3,000,000 or $4,000,000, the expendi-
ture of which could be judiciously extended
through several years, will be necessary to
place the navy-yards in proper condition for
these purposes.
The chief of the Bureau of Steam Engineer-
ing reports that the work in his department
is reduced to the lowest possible limit, and
that in consequence of the small appropria-
tion at his disposal, and the nominal amount
being virtually reduced twenty per cent, from
its former value by the reduction by Congress
of the hours of labor from ten to eight, he is
enabled to make but few repairs on steamers
returning from foreign service and which
should be put in readiness for another cruise.
The present condition of the new engines for
which vessels have not been provided is stated.
The results of the trial of competitive machin-
ery, designed by the bureau and by several
private parties, is clearly and elaborately set
forth. It is urged that increased facilities for
the manufacture of machinery should be pro-
vided to enable the Government itself, in any
contingency that may arise, to manufacture
and repair its own engines without resorting
to outside establishments.
The chief of the Bureau of Provisions and
Clothing recommends a change in-the method
of supplying the outfit of the sailor. In the
military service the necessary clothing of the
soldier is furnished by the Government, while
in the Navy the sailor is not only required to
pay for his clothing, but for his hammock,
bedding, &c., his total outfit costing at present
prices eighty-five dollars. This, with his cash
advance of from forty to sixty dollars, brings
him largely in debt to the Government at the
commencement of his cruise, and is both dis-
couraging and demoralizing, and gives great
temptation to desertion. It is suggested that
some portion of the needed articles be supplied
gratuitously. During the year the surplus stores
have been reduced,.the naval depot at St. Paul
de Loando discontinued, and the stores at
Panama transferred from the shore to a store-
ship. An increase of the compensation of
clerks in the pay department upon shore sta-
tions is recommended.
The chief of the Bureau of Medicine and
Surgery gives interesting tables showing the
sickness, deaths, &c., at the several hospitals
and naval stations, and in the squadrons, so
classified as to exhibit the prevalence of dif-
ferent forms of disease upon different stations.
During the year there were 20,7-51 cases under
treatment, of which number 360 died, 19,691
were returned to duty or discharged the service,
leaving 700 cases under treatment at the end of
the year 1867. The proportion of cases treated
to the whole number of persons in the service
was about 1.53, or each person was on the sick
list 1.53 times during the year; the propor-
tion of deaths .026, and the percentage of
deaths to the whole number of cases treated
is .017, or less than two per cent. The total
number of deaths from October 1, 1867, to
September 30, 1868, was 315. The total num-
ber of insane in the Government asylum during
the year is 29 ; deaths and discharges, 9 ; leav-
ing 20 in the institution on the 30th Septem-
ber, 1868. The fund for the support of naval
hospitals, derived from a monthly tax of twenty
cents upon the pay of officers amounted, on
the 1st of October, 1868, to $434,500 98. For
a particular statement of the condition and
wants of the several hospitals, &c., reference
is made to the report.
The commandant of the Marine corps reports
the force in the best possible condition of effi-
