1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1205
iiM>rder to, accomplish that work ; and I maybe
permitted to say that that course was adopted,
not only on his own view, but with the assent
of the Cabinet—the whole of it. Perhaps the
honorable Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,]
who was in the Cabinet at that time, may rec-
ollect something about the discussion and con-
sideration of the question. Whether he does
or not I do not know. However, the question
was brought to his consideration. Now, sir,
instead of paying these men, as the honorable
Senator from California seems to suppose, and
Congress afterward prohibiting payment, there
was 110 such thing. Instead of paying them,
the Secretary of the Treasury notified every
one of them that if they took these offices
they could not be paid unless Congress chose
to pay them ; that they must take the offices at
their own risk and hazard; that he believed,
under the circumstances Congress would pay
them if they discharged the duties faithfully,
but that he could give them no assurance, and
they must proceed upon their own responsi-
bility and at their own risk.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow
me, I will say that he states the fact correctly;
that the case was reported through the Pres-
identfin Cabinet meeting, and it was stated by,
I believe, ali the members of the Cabinet pres-
ent that it was his duty to appoint persons who
would collect the revenue, and if he could not
pay them under existing laws he must report
the fact to Congress, no one doubting that
Congress would make the necessary appropri-
ation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is what, my under-
standing was. The matter was reported to the
Cabinet, and the Cabinet universally, men
whom we trust as far as any men are trusted
in the world, not only agreed to it, but under-
stood that that was the duty of the Secretary
of the Treasury. Under those circumstances,
being sustained by the views of the Cabinet,
and notifying these gentlemen that if they took
these offices they must depend upon the will
of Congress for their pay, not undertaking to
pay one of them, many of them did assume to
discharge the duties, and, as I am informed,
discharged those duties faithfully and honestly,
collected the revenue, paid it over honestly, and
did all the duties that you would expect of that
class of men.
Now, sir, under these circumstances, known
to me before, I brought in a bill at the last Con-
gress for the payment of these men, and it
passed the Senate and went to the House of
Representatives, and was there rejected. My
opinion is that if nothing further had hap-
pened than had happened at the time they were
appointed, if we had gone ou and this most
unfortunate collision between the Executive
and Congress had not occurred, there never
would have been a word said. It would have
been supposed that the honorable Secretary
of the Treasury had simply discharged his duty
in seeing to the collection of the revenue, and
objection to the course that he took would have
been waived. Undoubtedly, in one sense, it
was a breach of the law; that is to say, it was
selecting men whom he knew could not be paid
under existing law, but as the law stood it
simply prohibited the payment to any man who
could not take the oath.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will per-
mit' me, I think he will remember when he
thinks of that act of 1862 that that oath was
the crucial test of a man's right to hold office ;
that it prevented his acting unless he could
take that oath.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not remember
exactly the terms of it, but my impression was
otherwise. But be that as it may—and I wish
to make no point on that—it was thought by
the whole Cabinet at that time that it was the
of duty the Secretary to collect the revenue by
the appointment of officers; and it was un-
questionably the belief of the Secretary that he
could not find officers that were competent to
do this duty without taking a portion of them
from the class who could not take the oath.
He gave them notice, and they took the offices
under that 'particular notice, that they could
not receive their pay unless Congress chose to
give it to them. He took a certain responsi-
bility. Much has been said about the breach
of the law. Well, sir, occasions frequently
arise in which men find it necessary to take
the risk of disregarding a statute. It is impos-
sible that the wisdom of any set of men can
foresee all the occasions to which a law may
apply. At that time it was exceedingly im-
portant to us that we should get all the rev-
enue we could, and that we should get a por-
tion of it from those States ; and the Secretary
of the Treasury took that course, and the only
course, as he believed, which would enable
him to do it.
Now, sir, when these men, showing them-
selves to have been honorable men, not taking
the oath, not considering it a mere matter of
form for the sake of holding the office, but
declining to take it, takingthe risk upon them-
selves, serving the country, as the honorable
Senator from South Carolina has said, and as
Ibelieve, faithfully andlionestly, come forward
at this period of time and ask to be paid for
the services they rendered, I cannot see, the
Committee on Finance could not see when 1
was a member of it, nor can the present Com-
mittee on* Finance see why they should not be
paid like other officers under the same circum-
stances for the duties which they have dis-
charged. I think wo carry our sense with re-
gard to this matter rather to too nice a point
when we say that because a law was broken in
that individual instance, whatever might have
been the necessity, therefore we will not do
what is common justice to men who have
served us faithfully.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say one word in
reply to the suggestion made by the honorable
Senator from Vermont. The oath of July 2,
1862, is prescribed for officers of the United
States. 1 understand the ground of not pay-
ing those men is that they were not officers of
the United States because they were not duly
qualified. But it will be remembered that they
performed the duties of officers of the United
States ; that the acts which they performed
have gone into the business relations of the
country; that they are the only officers of the
United States through whom certain official
and legal acts have been performed, and if it
is illegal to pay them because they were not
officers of the (Jnited States their acts in that
capacity are alike illegal, and the revenue which
has been by them assessed and collected has
been publicly filched instead of being taken
by proper authority. To avail ourselves of all
the acts which they may have performed in
their so-called official character where they
inure to the benefit of the United States, and
then to say that not being properly and legally
officers of the United States we will not pay
them, I submit respectfully is not worthy of the
American Congress.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to givenotice that
on to-morrow evening I shall call up the bill
for the removal of political disabilities. The
necessity for its immediate passage is very
pressing.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that to-mor-
row evening has been set apart for other busi-
ness.
Mr. STEWART. There will be plenty of
time after that business is disposed of; and I
do not wish to call it up without giving notice.
To-morrow evening is set apart for pension
bills.
Mr. HOWE. I understand the Senator from
Ohio 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin yield to me for
a moment to allow me to interpose a motion ?
Mr. HOWE. For what purpose ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. To take up the
Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. HO WE. I will only occupy three or four
minutes. If the Senator insists upon it I will
give way ; but I should like to go on now.
Mr. SUMNER. This bill will be discussed
further, of course.
Mr. HOWE. I will not occupy- more tharit
three or four minutes. I understood the Sen-*
ator from Ohio fco remark that a bill like this
had passed the Senate twice, i was rather
startled at that declaration, because I remem-.'
ber that when the bill for the relief.of Stie
Murphey came up here, which had only passed
the Senate once, it was resisted for about
three weeks; and if a bill which .has only
passed the Senate once is resisted for three
weeks what extent of opposition may we ex-
pect to a bill which has passed twice ? That
is the first consideration which alarmed me.
I have one other remark to make. I think
the Senator from. Maine has shown that there
is a pretty reasonable show of equity in calling
upon the United States ,to pay for the services
of rebels when wo have employed rebels ; and
under favorable and fortunate circumstances I
do not know but I should be inclined to support
such a claim. But 1 remember to have sat here
and heard Senators, one after the other—I have
not the number of them now in ray mind; hot
it included the Senator from Maine—insist that
we could not afford t.o pay loyal, obedient citi-
zens of the United States for property of theirs
which we had taken and used in the public ser-
vice; and if that is the fact, if we cannot pay
our loyal citizens for property of theirs, I really
have scruples about, paying rebels for services
they have rendered in flat, open defiance of
public law. Wait until your Treasury-is able
to do justice to the loyal and then we will hear
the equitable claim of our rebel cousins.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not suppose there
is any Senator in this body who would decline
to pay for services rendered to him individually
upon any pretext whatever of a technical sort
when he received and enjoyed the benefit of
another man'slabor. No Senator would think
of doing such a thing; and yet it is proposed
to do for the Government of the United States
what not one of.tis would do except upon that
risk of personal dishonor. That the Govern-
ment of the United States could receive these
men'sservicpsin collecting the money by which
we pay ourselves and by which all the servants
of the Government are paid everywhere, and
then say to them, " You did not take the oath
as prescribed, and therefore you shall not be
paid," is the same as if I should say to a man
who had built a house for me, " The contract
is not signed according to law; we forgot to
put a stamp upon it; and 1 will have all your
labor and all your earnings/' I would not do
it for myself and I would not do it for the
Government. My constituents do not ask it
of me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There are two questions
involved in this bill. One is the one of pri-
vate equity and consideration to individual
citizens ; and another is a question of much
more importance as it occurs to me, and that
is, the confirmation of and acquiescence in a
willful and designed violation of the statutes
of the United States, which has been brought
about under the authority of the President,
and, it seems, upon a full consultation of those
officers who are called his Cabinet. That, to
me, is a much more serious subject for thought
and consideration and hesitation in passing a
bill of this kind than the mere comparatively
trivial question of whether we should pay a
few thousand dollars to persons in the South
who could not take the oath and performed
service. That is a small question. It has its
right side, probably, as to some of them, and
its wrong side, if I may so express it, as to
others. It would depend really upon an in-
vestigation into each individual ease to know
the necessity of the employment of the indi-
vidual person; whether when a rebel was
taken there was not a Union man who was
equally intelligent and equally capable of per-
forming the service, and whether the rebel gen-
tleman in that instance did not know it. If he
did, he would have no claim, according to my
conscience and understanding, upon us at all>
because lio not only knew that he was violat-
ing the law, and that the President was violat-
ing the law in employing him, but ha knew
