1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
occupied for military purposes. That cannot
be obliterated except by some new process of
calculation which shall diminishthesedamages.
How was it occupied for military purposes?
Under an order which subjected to that occupa-
tion every building, every close, all the private
premises in the town of Decatur. I am told
by one of the Senators from Alabama this
morning that eight hundred people are not more
than there are in Decatur. Confessedly, then,
by this one order eight hundred people, if that
be the number, were placed in the attitude of
the claimant in this case, meritorious appli-
cants for damages because the Army trod their
fields and occupied their lands. There maybe
other causes of injury here. I am commenting
upon this one, which is an integral part of that
for which we are asked to award damages.
Eight hundred people, if they are all loyal—and
I think I shall fail in a very plain office of this
argument if I do not convince the Senate that
if this claim is to succeed upon the grounds upon
which it is supported the circumstance of loy-
alty or disloyalty is wholly immaterial, of no
more consequence than the dust in the scales—
eighthundred people, then, are in the situation
of this claimant, assuming now, for the mo-
ment, that they were loyal people, as she is said
to be ; and upon that, ease we are told that the
Government is bound to make paymentfor her
premises. Uj>on what principle? Upon the
principle that it is the simple case of the Gov-
ernment taking for public use private property.
Now, stop there a moment. Ail the facts in
the case deny any such proposition. Why?
Because, confessedly, a war existed to which
the Government was a party on the one side.
This was in the territory of the enemy, assum-
ing that there was an enemy in the sense in
which 1 now use that word ; and the property
was occupied during this war, in the progress
of it, insomuch that the honorable Senator from
Indiana told us this morning that after this
event took place, fighting, if I understood him,
occurred at this very point, and these premises
became useful as a position in a battle-field.
Sir, is not that enough to show that as far as the
east is from the west so far is this case from the
ordinary case of a Government within its own
peaceful domain appropriating to its own or
a public use the property of one ot'its citizens?
The learned and honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Davis] answers no, and he refers
the Senate to two cases which he thinks justify
that answer.
!\Ir President, I was not surprised at what
the honorable Senator from Kentucky said. I
was not surprised, although I know his acute-
ness, his learning, and bis candor, because I
long ago listened, in the other end of this Cap-
itol, to arguments showing me how far those
events which have aroused the feelings and the
prejudices of us all have made their impres-
sion and warped what would seem to be the
ordinary line of human judgment and mental
vision. The honorable Senator thinks that the
two eases which he cited cover this case, and
afford not only an apology for it, but constrain
the Senate, in honesty and propriety, to submit
to this claim and acknowledge it.
The honorable Senator first discussed the
case of Mitchell vs. Harmony, in 13 Howard ;
and I beg his attention and the attention of
the Senate to the facts in that case. In 1845
Congress passed an act giving adrawbackupon
merchandise exported in the original packages
to Santa F6, in New Mexico, and Chihuahua,
in Mexico. The act provided that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury should make regulations
under which it should be executed; and it
became, as we all know, historically a part of
the policy of the Government, in carrying on
the Mexican war, to promote and encourage
trade with the Mexicans in order to conciliate ;
expressing it otherwise, in order to demoralize
and disintegrate the embodied sentiment agai nst
us. Section nine of this act imposed a for-
feiture of the entire goods, and a fine, in addi-
tion, upon any man who should voluntarily
bring them within the limits of the United
Harmony was a trader, and on the
258
2<th of May, 1846, he left Independence with
what in the West would be called an outfit, con-
sisting of goods imported under this law, and
set out upon his mission toward Santa F6.
ihe act of the 13th of May, 1846, recognizing
the Mexican war as existing, was not then
known to Harmony or known at Independence,
from which he started. This being the situa-
tion of things General Harney sent forward to
stop all traders, this man with others. He did
stop; and upon the command of the United
States overtaking them he and others were per-
mitted to go onaud trade in the rear ofthe Army,
and he did so. When they had advanced to
within about three hundred miles of the town
ot Chihuahua, and were getting far into the
enemy's country, where, I ought not to omit
to say, Harmony had been authorized and
encouraged to go, not only by the military
authorities, not only by the Secretary of the
Treasury, but, as the case shows, by the execu-
tive department itself— by the President. Hav-
ing goue_ that far he sought to withdraw, to
retrace his steps; and the commander at the
last fort which they had passed issued an order
that he should be compelled to continue with
the Army, and that he should be compelled by
force to continue with his property and his
goods. Mitchell, the defendant below in the
case, procured that order somewhat officiously,
as the_ court seem to have thought, and exe-
cuted it himself out of the ordinary course of
things, it belonging appropriately to an officer
inferior to him, and by force compelled this
man, who was an American citizen, to proceed
with the Army, it being destined upon afar-
distant and perilous expedition against a town
three hundred miles away. He did proceed ;
compelled to do so by force. The army on its
march came upon the battle of Sacramento,
which was fought, Harmony's wagons being
used in the battle, and his mules being used
and many of them killed. The battle over the
army proceeded to the town of Chihuahua and
occupied it, using his animals as far as they
survived, his wagons, and his property. Chi-
huahua presently was abandoned, and the Mex-
icans coming there seized his property, confis-
cated it, and destroyed it. Harmony sued
I Mitchell for trespass, and Mitchell interposed
five pleas, to which I wish to call the attention
of the Senate. He pleaded—•
" 1. That the plaintiff was engaged in trading with
the enemy.
"2. That he was compelled to remain with the
American forces, and to move with them, to prevent
the property froru falling into the hands of the en-
emy.
^3. That the property was taken for public use.
"4. 'l'hatif the defendant was liable for the original
taking he was released from damans for its subse-
quent loss by the act of the plaintiff, who had re-
sumed the possession iind control of it before the lots
happened.
"5. That the defendant acted in oliedience to the
order of his commanding officer, and therefore is not
liable."
The cause was tried in the circuit court of
the southern district of New York, and the
circuit judge virtually directed a verdict for
the plaintiff. The exceptions arose upon the
direction or charge of the judge. The jury
rendered a verdict of ninety thousand and
some odd dollars against Mitchell fortius tres-
pass. The Senate will see that the question
presented to the Supreme Court was simply
whether that judgment should be affirmed or
not. The honorable Senator from Kentucky
cautioned us against mistaking the rambling
dissertations of a court for the decision in a
particular case. I was glad to hear it from
him. I have always wished that the distinc-
tion might be observed. I wished it in the
Dred Seottcase. When the court commenced
by determining that Dred Scott was not in
court at all, was not a citizen and could not
be there, and having determined that, pro-
ceeded to deliver the oracles of the Democratic
party, I always regarded it in that case, if I
may be permitted to say so, as entitled to no
more respect than the stoppings over of a
court in any other case. I agree entirely with
the honorable Senator from Kentucky that it
behooves us to loofcat the point in judgment,
to look at what the court had a right to decide,
in order to measure, the effect of the decision.
What question had the Supreme Court to
decide in the case of Mitchell vs. Harmony?
The circuit judge had charged the jury below,
virtually, that this was a trespass on the part
of Mitchell. He had charged the jury, among
other things, that to have taken this property
under the color of right there must havebpen
some great public exigency pressing at the
moment, but that this man had himself, as a
volunteer—that word appears in the opinion,
I think—obtained an order from his superior
to compel the claimant, under duress, to re-
main, with an army destined upon a far distant
adventure, perilous and unnecessary, in the
sense of self-preservation; and that, in thus
compelling him, he had been guilty of an aspor-
tation of his property where it was harmless,
from where it was safe, from where the plain-
tiff with his property had a right to be, to a
far distant scene of violence where his property
was destroyed. That the court below charged ;
that the jury, in substance, found; and that
the Supremo Court of the United States said
appeared to be true in law and in fact; and the
whole court concurred except Mr. Justice
Daniel, who dissented on the ground solely that
the circuit judge had trenched upon-the func-
tions of the jury by expressing his opinion
upon matters of fact.
Now, Mr. President, what has that case to
do with this? What can it have to do with it
in any aspect? Even if the court had traveled
out of the record to give public instructions
upon a question like this would it have any
force as a decision? I know that in the opin-
ion of the court it is said that undoubtedly an
exigency may exist in which a public officer,
in which a military officer, perhaps the expres-
sion is, may seize property under such circum-
stances that the Government will clearly be
liable; but the court say this is no such case,
and therefore it is not necessary to speculate
upon that. That is the case of Mitchell vs.
Harmony, the case of a citizen authorized by
an act of Congress to do a specific thing, held
under the rigors of a section which provided
that if he voluntarily came into the United
States with his property it should be forfeited
and he should be fined; a man who had in
addition to that the assent not only of the
present military authorities but of the execu-
tive department of the United States behind
them and behind him for what he was doing;
a man who sought to remain where his prop-
erty would have been safe, where the courts
say the jury was well warranted in finding there
was no danger of its falling into the hands of
the enemy; wishing to remain there, he was
compelled by the force of the defendant to
submit to being transported with his property
to another and a distant field, where it was
destroyed; and that the jury and the court
concurred in thinking was a trespass for which
the defendant, Mitchell, must pay. Now, sir,
if I am to vote Miss Sue Murphey's claim I
must find some broader and better apology
than is afforded to me by the case to whieli I
have referred.
The honorable Senator referred also to the
case of Grant, in the Court of Claims. What
was that case? It occurred in the court in
October, 18G3. The alleged destruction of
property was on the 15th of July, 1801, and the
first proclamation of the President declaring
any community or any territory insurrectionary
was on the 1st of July, 1862—a year afterward,
lacking fifteen days. The occurrences dis-
cussed in that case took place in Arizona, and
that Territory and the people of that Territory
were never declared by any proclamation to be
iti insurrection. I have gone far enough, I
think, to show that it has no relation, however
remote, to a question like this. That was the
case simply as to which the honorable Senator
from West Virginia [Mr. Willey] read an au-
thority from Vattel the other day. The very
words which he read are incorporated in the
opinion. It was the simple case of the Gov-
ernment taking the property of a citizen within
