254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
the country in its ordinary peaceful sense; and,
as everybody will see who reads the opinion of
the court, (he question which we are discuss-
ing here played no part whatever in it. The
judge quotes from Vattel that, if the Govern-
ment takes the oroperty of a citizen by way of
piecaution, even i hough his Governmental the
time is engaged in a war, if beforehand and in
the acknowledged dominions and jurisdiction
of his Government his property is taken, it is
the ordinary case of a citizen who has a claim
because his property has been taken for public
use. That, 1 need not be mistaken in that as-
sertion, I will call the attention of the Senate
very briefly to what the court say in the case,
and particularly I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to the fact that it crops out acci-
dentally, in the latter part of the opinion, that
Judge Wilmot hud especially in his mind the
distinction between tins Territory which re-
mained in its oiditiary condition and an insur-
rectionary Slate or district, because he says:
"The neeegsity to lis appears to have been urgent,
the danger impending. Texas, adjoining Now Mex-
ico, of wiiic11 Amona was then a part, was ill fla-
grant lebellion."
That «ns the use which he was making of
this lact that there was nigh io or adjacent
ail insunectionary State, and because of that
and other facts to which he refers an immi-
nent exigency existed which furnished to this
man, if 1 miy so speak, his power of attorney
or his warrant to do what he did with this
property. What does the court say ?
"Kv<?ty elementary writer of authority sustains
tho yieivs hero taken of tho duty and obligation ol
Status."
And he quotes from Yattel :
" When a sov.-iei^n disposes of tho possessions of
a oonnnuiiil.v or an individu il the alienation will ho
valid. Hut ja-'tiee requires that, this community or
til is iiidivulu.il bo indemnified at thepubliccharffo."
And then the judge quotes tho precise lan-
guage read the other day by tho Senator from
West Virginia; anil upon thatground he awards
a certain sum of money as the damages in this
instance. Sir, has that anything to do with
the question before us? I submit, with great
respect, that it has nothing in the world to do
wiih it, unless you obliterate from this ease the
fact that Alabama and lior people had been
declared to be in insurrection and no act or
declaration to the contrary had ever taken
place. If you obliterate that, if you make it
the ease of property laken in the State of New
Vorlt by a law to erect, a fort upon it ; prop-
city laken as a ship lyingin the harbor ol Mew
York to go out, on the seas and light, the buttle
against the lebellion ; then I admit it, has ap-
plication, and I hen 1 also ail mil, that it is wholly
unnecessary to resort to it, because no! hing
is better settled, i take it, in the jurisprudence
of perhaps 1 might say all countries than the
proposition for which it would be cited.
What is tile distinction? What was the dis-
tinction in 18(17, when this body deliberately
put it in the form of an enactment? The act,
of February 21, 1807, declares expressly, and
in the broadest and most searching language—
I was surprised to find it so broad—that the
Court ol Claims shall lake no jurisdiction,
shall entertain no question whatever arising
out of a claim for real estate, for personal
ptoperly. for injury to either, for damage of
any kind occasioned during the rebellion in
any State whatever or in any part of any
State. 1 call the attention of the Senator
froni_ Wisconsin to the fact that there his dis-
tinr lion is met—in any State or any part of any
State which has been declared to be in insur-
rection^ What, did the Senate mean by that?
What did the Congress of the United States
mean by drawing a line too deep and distinct
to be crossed between the claims of those
residing ill the adhering States, as they used
to be called, and those residing in. thoStates
which wee! off with what a great, judge called
a unilateral declaration of war, and ufempted
to establiMi an independent sovei eignty ? £)oos
the statute say (hat if they he loyal and reside
there their claims may be entertained? Does
the act say that if the Army has reached so far,
and for the moment has a possessio pedis of
the particular property, there is the scene from
which a meritorious claim may come or a
claim to be entertained? No, sir; no such
distinction as that; but taking the distinction
referred to by the Senator from Michigan,
referred to by the Supreme Court, and vindi-
cated so far as that court is concerned until it
shall be overthrown—referring to that distinc-
tion, and that alone, Congress has said that in
no case whatever can any claimant from one
of the insurrectionary States be so meritorious
that his claim is to be entertained even or dis-
cussed in the appropriate tribunal.
Mr. President, suppose we depart from this ;
suppose we follow the honorable Senator from
Kentucky; let me ask you to consider what
follows. I say—and I say it after questions
have been propounded here inviting its refuta-
tion, inviting all Senators to point out the dis-
tinction—that no distinction can be found,
none whatever, in law or principle between
this case and thosecountless instances of injury
which occurred during the march of Sherman
and during every other march that took place
while the rebellion raged. I do not mean, I
beg to say to the honorable Senator from West
Virginia, to include in this statement lawless
acts of individuals, unauthorized trespasses
committed by the members or the followers of
Sherman's army; but I insist that every au-
thorized act of the occupation or the appropri-
ation of property which occurred between At-
lanta and the sea is upon all-lours, as to loyal
citizens at least,—and I want in a moment to
discuss that distinction, if it, exists properly—
with the case before us. Every battle, every
siege, every march, every encampment, eveiy
bivouac, every paiade since the war began,
unless it happened upon the public highways
or upon the scanty leserved property of the
United States, brought into existence its brood
of claims like this. Why not? Says the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky, to illustrate,
property is prostrated to gave range to guns.
Yes, sir. One of tho most, striking marks of
destruction that 1 saw during the war, because
it was among the first,, were the green trees at
Arlington-felled in midsummer to give range
to the guns. Everywhere that took place.
Everywhere standing timber was felled to make
(ires, and for other uses. The rails weic taken
from fences to be used at the bivouac. Stacks,
granaries, animals were taken; but above all,
and most necessary of all. in the language of
the bill before us, the land was '"occupied (or
military purposes.'' Yes, sir, the iron heel of
war went, over it. What distinction is there
between those cases and this? i have not come
now, bear in mind, to what aie called in the
books accidental or incidental cases, where a
landom or an intentional shot destroys a build-
ing or kills an animal in the progiess of a
battle, i am speaking of those intentional,
those precautionary acts, if you please, which
full within everybody's definition.
I have no wish either, any more than the
honorable Senator from Indiana, to resort to
questions of amount in order to evade ques-
tions of moral obligation ; but is it not, proper
that the Senate should pause when we see here,
alter full discussion, in a case avowedly pre-
sented as a test, that we are in danger of es
tablishing a precedent which will usher in
demands great enough to beggar any nation?
I shall be answered—and I must not forget
that—that we have a breakwater in the dis-
tinction between loyal and disloyal persons,
and that claims like this are to be presented
only by those, perhaps only by the few, in the
southern States who clung to the flag during
the rebellion. I affirm, sir, upon deliberation,
(and 1 have ventured to invite the attention
of Senators to it,) that, no distinction whatever
is to be found upon the argument, presented to
us between Sue Murphey as she is and Sue
Murphey as she would i e bad she been a non-
combatant rebel. First of all, if there were a
distinction in law it would vanish as matter
of fact. Who doubts that overy claimant who
comes here, particularly every woman, every
non-combatant can show that she was loyal
during the rebellion? It reduces itself to a
state of mind in the case of non-combatants;
a state of mind is all there is of it; and in
point of fact every claimant who comes, if
there be such a distinction, will be able to
show, past our finding out to the contrary, that
loyalty is one of the elements of the case.
But, Mr. President, what has loyalty or dis-
loyalty to do with the test of this question at
all? The honorable Senator from Indiana said
he thought it was not fair to present a case dif-
ferent from that before us. I submit to him
that it is fair in order to test the principle. It
is fair in order to show that this argument
proves entirely too much, and that therefore
it is unsound. Now let us see. Was Sue
Murphey a citizen because of her loyalty?
Will anybody say that? Was her citizenship
distinguished from that of any other person on
account, of her loyalty? Suppose her prayers
and her hopes bad been with " the lost cause,"
would that have quenched her citizenship? I
should like to hear an argument made to show
that. The argument is that because this claim-
ant is a citizen and because her property was
taken for public use, ergo, compensation is to be
made. Is not that as true of one citizen as an-
another? Why is it true of any citizen ? Be-
cause the Constitution affirms it. Suppose you
pass a statute saying that disloj'al citizens shall
not he paid ; if this argument is sound they will
read the Constitution to you, and the statute
goes down because it is palpably in violation
of that provision of the Constitution.
Now, Mr. President, if it be true that this
case is determined and concluded by that pro-
vision of organic law which says that compen-
sation shall be made for private property, will
some Senator tell me the distinction to be
drawn between the case of Miss Murphey and
some other woman living next door to her
despoiled of her property by the same act?
Suppose that Miss Murphey daily prayed for the
success of the Union Army, and her neighbor
daily prayed for the success of the confederate
forces, will any lawyer tell me that, if the
question is disposed of upon the principle that
compensation must be made to citizens for
property taken, a distinction can be drawn
between the two cases that I have cited?
Tho Supreme Court said, in the prize cases,
in so many woids, that, although every inhab-
itant of these insurrectionary districts became
a public enemy, ho did not become a foreigner
or an alien ; and the honorable Senator from
Indiana argued this morning that the citizen-
ship remained. Certainly it did. The ordi-
nances of secession were void. They were citi-
zens in rebellion against their Government,
but still citizens. And now, 1 repeat, what
becomes of the question of loyalty or disloyalty
as the element in such a ease? I affirm that,
if this argument, be true, il is beyond the power
of Congress to establish any such distinction.
The Constitution is paramount,, an.i would
move on as unchecked m its course in this
regard if we should interpose a statute setting
up such a distinction as it does now in the
absence of any statute.
Thus let us look this question in the face.
If the argument proves anything it proves that
all persons whatsoever who were citizens of
tho United States are entitled to compensation
for every loss they sustained in such wise as
the loss was occasioned here or in any wise
legally similar to it. Can that be true, sir?
i If it is. we are in a more unfortunate condi-
tion than was suggested some time ago by the
acting President of the United States. He
sent us a communication broadly intimating
to the nations of the earth that if we had con-
quered and because we had conquered the
rebels of the South, we had absoibed their
assets to tis and thus became liable to all man-
kind fur their public pecuniary engagements.
Well, that was rather a startling discovery to
the Senate and the country; but it was a dis-
covery limited in its importance compared to
this. Such a sum is a pigmy compared to that
amount not due, we are told now, upon any
