I860.
THE OOJST(xKESSIOISfAL GLOBE.
255
tlieory of generosity ; not due upon any theory
of protection ; not due upon any equity or flex-
ible rule which may be waived or may be dis-
cietiouary in some sense or degree, but abso-
lutely due as matter of strict right, according
to Hie law and the fundamental law of the
Republic.
Jir. President, inasmuch as the question of
tli" attitude, the legal character of the claimant
in tin's case, was a point necessarily and legally,
and in lact submitted to .the Supreme Court,
elaborately argued, and completely determined
in many importanccases, inasmuch as that de-
cision is fortified by history and commends it-
self at least iu its bearings upon this and similar
cases, I do not view it now otherwise. I prefer
to stand upon the determination made by the
highest, judicial tribunal. I prefer that to trying
the experiment against the legislation of Oon-
giess, against what seem to me the laws of
nelson, -against this decision of the Supreme
Coui t, ami against the interests, indeed, 1 think,
in Uvor of tiie destruction, financially, of the
country. 1 prefer, I say, to stand upon this
decision, upon the doctrine that it holds; and
if tlie Senator from Kentucky, or others, be
discontented with it, let the question be made
again in the Supreme Court; let it bo argued.
Let us at least wait until time and reflection
have cast more doubt upon it. But in no event,
it seems to me, ought we to rush, in defiance
of our own action, in defiance of the logic
which has been held by every Department of
the Government, to the adoption of a measure
which is to let in innumerable cases, and to
charge to the public account an indebtedness
which, if it is just and obligatory, L agree that
we arc bound to recognize, but an indebted-
ness which I think no financier has yet devised
tiie means to pay.
Now, sir, 1 have nothing to say about Miss
Murphey personally. I will concede, tor the
sake of the argument, all that was said in such
glowing terms by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky : but that has nothing to do with
this question. It is wholly an impersonal
question. No matter how she spells her name,
ui>r to what sex she belongs, the question is
whether she has a standing legally before us,
and presents a claim which, looking as we are
bound to look, for those considerations con-
trolling trustees administering trust funds,
obliges us to pay her. That is the question.
To my mind—and I appreciate that assertion
adds nothing to argument—nothing can be
clearer than that this case is obviously beyond
the limits to which we ought to go, or to which
legally we can go ; and if I evince less zeal in
its discussion than was evinced by the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky, I beg to assure
him that, I feel quite as much in earnest in its
bearings as he or auy other Senator can (eel,
although his argument may be made rosy by
the compliments which he pays to the particu-
lar person in whose behalf the argument is
made.
I hope. Mr. President, that the Senate,
before this claim is allowed, will find some
authority which cannot be found between the
lids of those books that have been read to us,
and some justification which, to my apprecia-
tion, has not yet been suggested.
Mr. IfiiBbUVGHL/YSliN. Air. President,
it seems strange to hear Senators insist that
this claimant, in the eye of the law, is not
technically an'enemy, that her property is not
technically enemy property, and subject to all
the incidents of being such. The importance
of determining correctly this question is tnat we
may decide, not whether Miss Sue Murphey shall
he paid, but to settle the graveissue whether the
Government is under the legal obligation to pay
this vast class of claims. Without detaining
(lie Senate, let me remind them of the direct
declarations of our Supreme Court. In 2 Wal-
lace the Chief Justice says:
•' Sft must be i-overtted hv the principles of public
Iuvy s<> announced from this beuoh as
bie siliko to civil ;mti international wirs. that, all the
people lit ea ch State or district in ms-ui rectmn asainst
tlio United States mutt bo regarded as enemies.
The court adjudge, whatever we may say,
that all the people of each State or district in
insurrection against the United States must be
regarded as enemies. This was an adjudica-
tion, not a dic'um, because it was insisted in
that case, as it is in this, that the particular
individual by reason of her loyally was not to
be regarded as an enemy. The Supreme Court
have decided the very question of law upon
which we as Senators are now called to vote.
Again, in 2 Black, in the prize cases, the
Supreme Court said:
"AH persons residing within this territory whose
property may be used to increase the revenues of the
hostile power arc in tin's contest liable to be treated
as enemies, though they are not foreigners. The
productaof thesoil of the hostile territory, as 3"ell as
other property engaged in the commerce of the hos-
tile power, as the source of its wealth and strength,
are always regarded as legitimate prize without
regard to the domicile of the owner, and much more
so if he reside and trade within their territory."
The case wo are considering is one where
the property is within enemy territory and the
claimant is a resident in enemy territory. So,
in determining whether the United States are
under a legal obligation to pay this claim, this is
the strongest case that can be put on the part
of the Government. If we are liable in this
we are liable in every case.
What is the answer given to these adjudica-
tions ; the only one that has been attempted?
Ft is that given by the Senator from West
Virginia, to wit, that the decisions referred to
only mean that the rights of the claimant were
postponed during the continuance of the war,
and when peace returns then the former enemy
may come forward and claim compensation
for what occurred during the period of war.
That answer does not merit reply, because
when enemy property is seized it,is condemned,
sold, and the proceeds finally disposed of, and
there is the end of the whole controversy.
The declarations of the elementary books
on the subject are as clear as the decisions of
the court. Vattel says :
" Civil war breaks the bands of society and govern-
ment, or at least suspends their lorce and effect: it
produces in tho nation two independent parties who
consider each other as enemies and acknowledge no
common judge."
And to break the force of that declaration
we are referred to another paragraph in Vat-
tel which has nothing whatever to do with the
case in hand; the learned writer is consider-
ing the obligations of a government, as to its
own citizens in its own friendly territory, and
considers two different conditions: first, where
the damage is done by the State itself; second,
where it is done by the enemy. Ail, however,
in the States own friendly territory. Where
the damage is done by the State two classes
of cases are considered: one, the case of the
State taking land within its own friendly ter-
ritory for a fortification ; then the State should
giye compensation. The other class of cases
is where all the incidental consequences oI the
war, even in the friendly territory, are to be
sustained by the citizen without compensation,
as where a house is raked down by the artil-
lery in retaking a town which the enemy had
taken. Where the damages are done in the
friendly territory by the enemy the learned
author holds that there is no obligation what- j
ever on the part of the Government to com- j
pensate its own citizens for damage sustained, j
But all this is matter entirely outside of this I
question. No authority has been or can be j
adduced the world over to show that any gov- j
eminent is under an obligation to pay for the '
results of war in the enemy's territory. j
Resort is had to another principle of law
which I think has failed most signally; it has
fallen of its own weight. It has been urged
by the Senator from Indiana, and also by the
Senator from Kentucky, that we are under
obligations to give compensation for the prop-
erty of Miss Murphey under the fifth article of
the amendments to the Constitution ; that this
was a taking of private property for public
use for which just compensation shonhl be
made. Let, us read the Constitution, omitting
what is unnecessary ;
" No person shall bo deprived of life, liberty, or
property without due process of law; nor shall pri-
vate property be taken for public use without just
compensation."
If the latter provision applies the first does,
and we cannot take life, liberty, or property
during a war without due process of law ; you
must have a court, a warrant, and a judgment
before you can lawfully shoot a rebel. Why,
sir, it is not only a maxim of law, it is also a
fundamental government principle that ''the
law is silent amid arms." To give compensa-
tion for property taken there must be an adju-
dication. What tribunal has ever beer) cre-
ated to determine upon the compensation that
should be received by any one whose property
should be taken? The property is taken, as I
have before said, under the right of self-pres-
ervation and the right of necessity ; under the
military or martial law.
The provision of the Constitution referred to
cannot be invoked iu time of war even within
the friendly territory of the Government.
Suppose the United States in war wanted a
thousand barrels of flour and should go to
the owner, seek to purchase it and fail, and
should then seize and take it, would the Gov-
ernment by so doing violate the Constitution?
Certainly not. It would not be a "taking"
under the Constitution. No law has provided
any tribunal to adjudge what should be the
compensation for the flour, and it would be an
absurdity to create such a tribunal. The Gov-
ernment would pay for the flour as a matter of
expediency, of policy, and of justice so clear
as to create a right in the citizen to receive
compensation. But it is not a right under the
provision of the Constitution referred to. His
right to compensation rests on the justice of his
claim, and on that alone. This provision of
the Constitution and the argument made by
the two Senators based upon it has tberefoie
no relation whatever to this subject.
Tho advocates of tins measure defeated in
the law now have resort to a skillful handling
of the facts of the case; and they tell us, first,
that the property was not located in enemy
territory. We know that Alabama was enemy
territory in 1804 in fact. We know it was so
in law iie jure by the proclamation of the Pres-
ident, and that the property was situated in
Alabama. And now 1 call the attention of the
Senate to the view of the Supreme Court upon
the very point whether a mere temporary occu-
pation by our troops changes the status of the
State. The Chief Justice, iu the Alexander
cotton case, (2 Wallace,) says:
"There can be no doubt, we think, that this was
enemy's property. The military occupation by the
national military forces was too_ limited, too imper-
fect, too brief, and too precarious to change tho
enemy relation created lor tho country and its inhab-
itants by three years of continuous rebellion, inter-
rupted at last for a few weeks, but immediately
renewed and ever since maintained."
If the locality had not been recaptured and
retaken by the enemy at the end of those three
weeks it would have made no difference. The
occupation by our troops was too recent, too
partial, too uncertain. The subsequent event
in this case that our troops continued, after a
fight, to hold the locality, does not change the
character the territory possessed when Sher-
man first arrived and built this fortification.
Events are to be judged at the time and in the
relations that they occur.
But the court goes further, and says that—•
"All the people of each State or district in insur-
I reetion against the "United States wast be regarded
as enemies until, by action of tho Legislature and the
Executive, or otherwise, tho relation is thoroughly
and permanently changed."
Now, who will insist that the State of Ala-
bama, or Becatur, the locality in question,
where it was necessary to take this property
for a fortification, and where there was after-
ward fighting between the rebels and our foree3
for possession, was in such a position that at
the time Miss Murphey"s property was taken
the relations of that State, or of that part of
the State, were thoroughly and permanently
changed? It was enemy territory.
Mr. ANTHONY. Our occupation never
ceased.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not know
