•1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1207
Mr. MOBRILL, of Maine. In-line two hun-
dred and seventy the word " seventh'' before
"smith" should be "black," so as to read
"blacksmith."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was after line two hundred and
seventy-three, to insert among the appropria-
tions lor uChippewas of Lake Superior:"
For thesu nport of smith and shop during the ploas-
ure of the President, per twelfth article treaty of
September 30, 1864, and third article treaty April 7,
1866, $600.
For the support of two farmers during the pleas-
ure of the President, per twelfth article treaty Sep-
tember 30,1854, and third article treaty April 7,1866,
SI,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out1 (pen-
sions," in line five hundred and thirty-one, and
insert "provisions."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. MORRILL, ofMaine. The word "ten,"
in line seven hundred and eighty, should be
"tenth."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In line seven
hundred and ninety-three, the word "fourth"
should be "fourteenth," so as to read "for
fourteenth of fifteenth installments."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made.
The next amendment of the committee was
after line eight hundred and seventy-nine to
insert;
Sissitons and "Wahpetons :
For survey of reservation for tlieSissiton andTVah-
peton bands of Dakota or Sioux Indians, as per
third, fourth, and fifth articles of the treaty with said
Indians of February 19, 1867, $45,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
NAVAL LAWS.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, with the eon-
sent of the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations I ask leave to pre-
sent a report from a committee of conference.
The Chief Clerk read the report, as follows :
The committee of conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the amendments to
the bill (H.R. No. 941) to amend certain acts in rela-
tion to the Navy and Marine corps, having met, after
full and free conferenco have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the Senate recede from its first amendment
stnkingoutthefirstsection of the bill and the enact-
ing clause of the second section, and that the House
agree to an amendment of said .first section by way
oi substitute in the following terms:
"That from and after the passage of this act the
active list of the United States Marine corps shall
consist of the following officers, non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates, to wit:
" One brigadier general commandant, one colonel,
one lieutenant colonel, three majors, one adjutant
and inspector, one paymaster, one quartermaster,
one assistant quartermaster, seventeen captains,
twenty-four firs' lieutenants^ twenty-four second
lieutenants, one sergeant major, one quartermas-
ter's sergeant, one drum major, one principal musi-
cian, one hundred and sixty-seven sergeants, one
hundred and sixty-five corporals, thirty musicians
for band, fifty drummers, fifry fifers, and eighteen
hundred privates: Provided, That no commission of
any officer now in the Marine corps shall be vacated
by this act, but no appointment shall be made in any
of the grades of said corps until the number of offi-
cers in thatgrade shall have been reduced below the
number herein authorized."
That the IIouso agree to the second amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment as follows: strike
out the words ** and no appointment of third assist-
ant engineer shall hereafter be made," and insert in
lieu thereof the words 44 and the grade of third assist-
ant engineer is hereby abolished, but no commission
of any officer of that grade who has been wounded
in battle while in the service shall be vacated by the
terms of this section, and any such officer now in
(he said grade shall, notwithstanding the disability
caused by such wound, be entitled to be examined
for promotion; anything in any previous law to the
contrary notwithstanding."
That the House agree to th.e third amendment of
the Senate.
That the House agree to the fourth amendment of
the Senate with an amendment, to wit: strike out
the words "shall on the first day of November next
be" and insert in lieu thereof f he words "are hereby."
That the House agree to the fifth amendment of
the Senate. „
That the House agree to the sixth amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment, to wit: strike out
all after the word "merit" and insert in lieu thereof
the following: and shall within one year after such
graduation be entitled to examination for promotion,
and successfully passing the same, may then be i>ro 
moted to the grade of ensign."
That the House agree to the seventh-amendment
of the Senate, with an amendment as follows, to wit:
strikeout all after the enacting clause of said amend-
ment and insert in lieu thereof the following:
"Any officer of the Navy below the grade of com-
mander who, upon examination for promotion, shall
not be found professionally qualified, shall be sus-
pended from promotion for one year, whoa ho shall
be reexamined, and in case of his failure upon such
reexamination he shall be dropped from the service.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That no promo-
tion to the grade of commodore on the active list
shall be made until the number in said grade shall
have been reduced below fifteen, which shall there-
after be the number allowed by law.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That no promo-
tion to the grade of lieutenant commander on the
active list shall be made until the number in said
grade shall have been reduced below eight, which
shall thereafter be the number allowed by law; and
when the number of lieutenant commanders shall
have been so reduced the fifth section of the act to
define the number and regulate the appointment of
officers in the Navy, and for other purposes, approved
July 25,1866, shall be repealed. And as the number
of lieutenant commanders shall be reduced the
number of lieutenants shall bo increased until the
number in said grade on the active list shall bo two
hundred and eighty, which shall thereafter be the
number of lieutenants allowed by law.
Seo. —. And be it further enacted, That the number
of masters and ensigns allowed by law is hereby
established at one hundred in cach of said grades,
and ensigns shall hereafter besteerage^fticers unless
assigned to duty as watch and division officers.
Nothing contained in this section shall bo construed
as vacating the commission of any master or ensign
now in the service.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That of the officers
in this section specified the number allowed by law
shall be as follows: surgeons, seventy-five; passed
assistant surgeons, fifty; assistant surgeons, twenty-
five: paymasters, fifty; pnssed assistant paymasters
and assistant paymasters, twenty-five each. But
nothing herein contained shall be construed as va-
cating the commission of any officer in either of said
grades now in the service.
Srcc. —. And be it further enacted, That the office of
Solicitor and Naval Judge Advocate General, is
hereby continued until the 30th day of June, 1869.
That the Senate recede from its amendment to the
title of the bill.
C. D. BRAKE,
JAMES W. NYE,
F. T. FRELINGHUYSBN.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
F. A.PIKE,
STEVENSON ARCHER,
T. E. STEWART,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to liave
some explanation of this bill, which, I sup-
pose, the Senator from Missouri will give us.
I understand that this was a bill to reduce the
Marine corps, and that a committee of con-
ference was charged with conferring upon the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses. As it
reads now, it seems to me a bill for entirely
reorganizing the Navy. Although I do not
know that there is anything that I object to in
it, I should like to have it explained. There
has been a good deal of complaint made from
time to time that all our legislation was done
by committees of conference upon the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses; but this seems to
take up matter that was not contemplated by
either House—neither agreed to nor dis-
agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state that there were
several other things in the original bill besides
the matter of reducing the Marine corps. The
bill was an act to amend certain acts in rela-
tion to the Navy and Marine corps.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will yield to me I make this suggestion : as I
gather from the reading of this report, it does
seem to me a departure, as suggested by the
Senator from Rhode Island, from the usual
method of conference. I suggest, therefore,
that the Senator from Missouri should allow
this to go over and be printed.
Mr. DRAKE. I would state, in reply to
that, that I made very particular inquiry in
regard to the usages of the two Honses on the
subject of the action of committees of -con-
ference, and from all the information I could
get, 'there was nothing done by this committee
of conference that is not constantly done by
other committees under like circumstances.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine._ I see there are
many things entirely new which were not the
subject of consideration of either branch ; and
the report of this committee therefore pre-
sents not only the result of the conference upon
old matters, but entirely new matter for the
consideration of Congress. I therefore sug-
gest. to the Senator whether it would not De
well that the report be printed, and come up
for action at another day ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I notice there one prop-
osition which I am glad to see, and 1 hope it
will meet the approbation of the Senate—I
voted for it myself, but it was voted down
here some time ago after very considerable
debate—continuing the office of naval Judge
Advocate General. I think it ought to be
continued.
Mr. DRAKE. Only until the 30th of June
next.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it ought to be con-
tinued permanently. At the same time, 1 do
not think the Senate ought to vote upon such
a proposition mixed up with many other mat-
ters. I did not wish to debate it if the Senator
from Missouri will explain the matter. I do
not wish to occupy time; but it took me by
surprise that a bill which I supposed to be;
merely for regulating the number of the Marine
corps seems to make, to a very large extent,
an entirely new organization of the Navy. It
may be a very desirable one.
Mr. MORRILL, ofMaine. Being an inter-
ruption of this bill, I trust my honorable friend
will allow it to go over.
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly, if it is to give rise
to discussion. I do not wish to displace the
bill that is before the Senate; let it pass over
for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The con-
sideration of the report of the committee of
conference is postponed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL—-AGAIN.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. The Clerk
will resume the reading of the Indian appro-
priation bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line fourteen hundred
and fifty-eight to strikeout "hundred" and
insert "thousand"' beforetheword "dollars;"
so as to make the following clause among the
appropriations for the Yakamas:
For last of five installments of second series for
beneficial objects, at the discretion of the President,
per fourth article treaty 9th June, 1855, $8,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, after line fifteen
hundred and fourteen, to insert:
Senecas, mixed Senecas and Shawnees. Quapaws,
Confederated Peorias, KasTtaskias, Weas. and
Piankeshaws, Ottowas of Blanchard's Fork,
and Koctie de Boau^ and certain Wyandotts:
To pay for twenty thousand acres of land ceded to
the Government by the Senecas, per first article
treaty February 23,1867, 821,000.
To pay for thirty thousand acrcs of land ceded to
the Government by the Senecas, per second article
treaty February 23,1867, $2-1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendmentwas to insert, after line
fifteen hundred and twenty-eight, the following :
Shawnees:
For amount to be advanced to the Shawnees to be
used m establishing their homes, per eighth article
treaty February 23, 1867, $2,000.
For (list five installments for blacksmith ana as-
sistant, shop and tools, and iron and steel for shop,
per eighth article treaty February 23,1867, S500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line,
fifteen hundred and thirty-seven :
Quanaws:
For amount to be paid to the Quapaws to assist
them in reestablishing themselves at their homes
upon their remaining reservation, per ninth article
treaty February 23,1867, §5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, after line
fifteen hundred and forty-three '•
Claims for losses by the war:
To pay a commission, not to exceed two persons,
to be appointed by the Secretary oi the Interior, who
shall proceed to the country o f the Senecas, mixed
Senecas, and Shawnees, and Quapaws, and make
careful investigations of their claims for losses, per
twelfth article treaty February 23,1867, $4,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
