1869.
THE CONGBESSlOKAJ/aLO:
The next amendment was in line seventeen
hundred and sixty-nine, after the word "twenty"
to insert the word " five ;" so that the clause
will read:
For pay of one physician, one blacksmith, one
assistantblacksmith, one tarmer, one carpenter, and
one teacher upon each of the three reservations of
California, and one miller at the Bound volley and
one upon the Hoopa valley reservations, $15,425. •
Mr. COLE. That is a mistake in the print.
It is an -increase of the appropriation of only
five dollars, whereas the intention was to in-
crease the appropriation to the amount of the
estimate, to wit, $25,000. I believe the esti-
mate was that sum or more, probably more.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It should read
"$25,000" instead of $15,000, according to
the estimates, the committee having taken off
$15,000 on a preceding paragraph.
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment will be read as it is now modified.
The Chief Clekk. It is pioposed to amend
the clause by striking out '■ $15,420" and in-
serting ''$25,000."
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventeen
hundred and seventy-three, to strike out
"twenty" and insert "forty;" so that the
clause will read:
For defraying -the expense of removal and suhsist-
enceof Indians in Oregon and Washin^tonTerritory,
. not parties to any treaty, and for pay of necessary
employes, $40,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have instructed me to move to amend
that clause by adding at the end of line seven-
teen hundred and seventy-three " $25,000" of
which sum shall be expended in Oregon."
Mr. CORBETT. The reason of that amend-
ment is that there are a larger number of In-
dians in Oregon with whom there are no trea-
ties than in Washington Territory, and conse-
quently a larger amount ot the appropriation
is required there.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
that I have any objection, but I suggest
whether that is not a proper thing to leave to
the discretion of the Department? I do not
object to it if the committee think it neces-
sary ; but unless the committee are clear on
that point I hope it will not be added. It is
unusual.
Mr. HARLAN. Personally I do not care
about it. The Senator from Oregon, who has
just taken his seat, is a member of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and he had reasons
that justified him in asking for the amendment,
and the other members of the committee con-
curred in it. It could do no harm, the com-
mittee thought.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not object
then. Let it go.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. In line eighteen hundred
and twenty-eight the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs recommend to strike out the words " Sec-
retary of the Interior" and to insert' • the Presi-
dentof the United States;" so that the proviso
will read:
Provided, That none of the payments herein pro-
vided for shall be made unless the President of the
United States shall be satisfied that thetribes, bands,
or individuals named have observed the treaty stip-
ulations, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out the third
section of the bill in the following words:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That whoever
shall offend against any of the provisions of this act,
or of any other act for the transfer, custody, dis-
bursement, or disposition of publio money or other
public property, for offenses against which no other
penalty has been prescribed by law, shall be pun-
ished, on conviction, by fine not exoeeduig $10,000,
and imprisonment not less than one year nor more
than twenty years, and shall thereaftertfafii bo in-
eligible to any place of trust or er«6t {he
laws of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRlfiSIDENTjare tempore. The amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Appro-
priations have now been gone through ?rith. .
Mr. RAMSEY. Are general amendments
now in order?
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have a number of amendments under
consideration, which they are not prepared to
present to-day. I therefore suggest to the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations to allow this bill to go over until
to-morrow.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have an amendment which
I should like to offer.
Mr. STEWART. And I have an amend-
ment which I should like to offer.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer the followingamend-
ment, to come in as an additional section to
the bill:
And be it further enacted. That the appropriation
of $117,000 made to the State of Minnesota July 2,
1864, to supply a deficiency m the appropriation of
March 3, 1863, for the costs, charges, and expenses
properly incurred by said State in suppressing In-
dian hostilities in the year 1862 be, and the same is
hereby, extended to embrace such expenditures in-
curred in the year 1863 to the amount of $12,408 04:
Provided, That only so much ol such expenses shall
be paid the State of Minnesota as shall be allowed
by the proper accounting officers under the twenty-
second section of theactapprovedMarch3.1863, en-
titled "An act making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the g-overnment for the year end-
ing June 30.1864, and for the year ending June 30,
1863. and for other purposes."
The Senate will perceive that this amend-
ment does not enlarge the appropriation. It
simply gives a different description of the war.
In the previous law it is described as the war
of 1862, when in truth it extended to 1863.
I think these charges have probably been paid,
but the accounting officers want this provision
with a view to their own security. It involves
no new appropriation, but simply regulates a
matter of account with the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does it not use up the
appropriation ?
Mr. RAMSEY. It was intended to be used
up. It appropriates it to expenses already
incurred.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does it not
extend it $12,000 beyond the original contem-
plation of the law ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Not at all. The inten-
tion of the law was to reimburse the State of
Minnesota for the expenses incurred in the
Indian war of 1862. That war commenced in
August, 1862; but it ran over to some time in
1863.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sena-
tor be good enough to state what would be the
precise effect of the amendment ?
Mr. RAMSEY. It would relieve the ac-
counting officers of the Government here. I,
think this money has been paid to the State ot
Minnesota, incautiously, probably; and they
simply now want this provision for their pro-
tection, if I am correctly advised. I have a
letter here from the State Auditor of Minne-
sota on the subject.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Suppose you
have it read.
Mr, RAMSEY. I ask the clerk to read it.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Auditor's Office,
Saint Paul, Minnesota, January 27,1869.
Sir; Herewith I send you a copy of the act I sup-
poseitwillbe necessary lor the State to have in order
to settle up her accounts for expenditures in sup-
pressing Indian hostilities. My idea is not to have
an entirely new bill, but to add a section to some
appropriation bill, as a Senate amendment. JLhe a^t
does not appropriate any more money out ot the
Treasury, but only places theclaims lor expenses in-
curred in 1803 on the same looting of those incurred
In 1862; in fact only specifies more clearly the class ot
claims tp originat appropriations were intended to
cover.
There can be no difference whatever in the claims
of tho two years; both were equally accessary, and
thelatter were merely the continuation of tho former,
but the last sum being so small it was not mentioned
in the acl of Congress, but the whole sum was stated
for the expenditures of 1802. Nothing will be paid on
the claims of 1863 until they are passed u&on in the
same manner as those of 1S62, by the proper account-
ing officers of tho Treasury, and this act is no;w brought
forward at the instance of the Third Auditor s Office,
who earnestly recommends it. .
I presume you will hav.e no trouble in procuring its
adoption after making the proper comniitfcee aware
of the facts. ,
' EeSpe0tfa"y'y0Vr'0be%fll?lMiUATH,
" . - of State♦
Hon.- Alex. Ramsey. . *
United States Senate, Washin&tan, 1). 6.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This does make
an appropriation, as it authorizes the account-
ing officer to make the United States liable to
the amount of $12,408, which they are not
authorized to do by any existing law.
Mr. RAMSEY. Simply because of a verbal
inaccuracy in the former law. The intention
of Congress was to pay the -expenses of that
war, following the massacre of August, 1862.
There was a misdescription in the statute; it
should have been described as "the war of
1862-03." Some of these expenses were in-
curred in 1800.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The war was
in 1862.
Mr. RAMSEY. In 1862 and 1863. There
is no new appropriation of money requisite.
That money is set apart to pay tho expenses,,
not of 1862, but really of 1863. It was described
as "the war of 18G2," when in truth it ran
over into 1863. That is all the trouble. The
amount is only $12,000. I am only surprised
that the Senator from Maine should object to
a thing so obviously right.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It may be a
matter of great surprise to the honorable Sen-
ator from Minnesota that anybody should in-
quire whether he is really solicitous to appro-
priate money to the Indian service.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is a matter that trans-
pired long since.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The honorable
Senator will remember that he and I had some-
thing to do with this matter before, when it
became important that we should ascertain who
was correct.
Mr. RAMSEY. I remember one instance
where the Senator found himself in error
where he thought he was right. Was that it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; it was a
case where I was right and the Senator wrong.
1 cannot, say, Mr. President., that it may not
be, as the Senator supposes, that it was the
intention of Congress to cover the expenses of
1803 ; but it is apparent enough that this legis-
lation will extend the liabilities of the Govern-
ment to expenditures made in 1863, whereas
by the former act it only made itself liable to
the expenditures of 1862.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator does not un-
derstand this matter. It was described in the
law "as the war of 1862," just as you speak
now of the war of 1812 that extended through
1813 and 1814. It was simply a misdescrip-
tion. The intention of Congress was to com-
pensate the State of Minnesota for her expend-
itures growing out of that Indian war,described
as the war of 1862, when in truth it was the
war of 1862-63. That was all the difference.
The money is set apart in the Treasury for
this purpose. I simply want the correction of
this misdescription. The appropriation was
§117,000 ; but $12,000 of the money was ex-
pended in the year 1863 instead of 1862. -
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But the diffi-
culty with tho Senator's interpretation is that
the amendment does not seem to run in that
direction. It does not run witji the argument.
The amendment says ■
That the appropriation of 8117.000 made to the
State of Minnesota July 2,1804, tosupply a deficiency
in the appropriation, ol March 3, 18h3, for tno cost,
charges, and expenses properly incurred bv the btate
in suppressing Indian hostilities in the year lob2, be,
and the same is hereby, extended to embrace such
expenditures incurred in the year 18b3.
Mr. RAMSEY. To the amount of $12,408.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Congress rec-
ognized the expenses of the State of Minne-
sota to a certain amount made in 1862, and
now the Senator proposes that Congress shall
recognize the expenses of a subsequent year.
That may be a proper thing to do, but I mean
to say it is a recognition of expenditures at
another period to the amount of $12,400, and
it is not simply to authorize the accounting
officers to make a settlement. ■
