258
THE ^ CONGRESSIONAL GU>BE.
January. 8,
be a sufficient bar to any suit brought by such person
for the possession or the use of such property , or any
of it, to allege and provn that he is one,of tho per-
sons described in this section." ' . .
These are all the acts of confiscation, .accord-
ing to my recollection, that Congress has
passed. What do they amount to ? What case
do they cover,? Whatproperty do they declare
to be forfeited ? Only such property as is per-
verted to the use of the rebel cause, to the pro-
motion of the success of the rebel cause, or the
property of persons engaged in the, rebellion,
and they do not cover even that property if the
owners of that property cease to act with the
rebels within the time named in the law.
Mr. President, there is no law, public or stat-
utory, ,national or domestic, to the United
States, that authorized the seizure of this prop-
erty of Sue Murphey. Until that property was
declared by an act of Congress to be confis-
cated to the United States its title remained in
Miss Murphey. It was there under the pro-
tection of the laws which protect the property
of all citizens, and the invasion of that prop-
erty by a military officer, or by any civil officer
of the Government of the United States, was
nothing but a simple and an illegal trespass
upon the rights of the owner.
Sir, if gentlemen desire to establish an anal-
ogy between citizens of the States which did
not go into tho rebellion and citizens of States
where the rebellion prevailed, and if that anal-
ogy exists under the national law, they have no
right to confiscate the property of any citizen
in tho States that did go into the rebellion
until an act of Congress hits been passed de-
claring that such confiscation shall take place.
The honorable Senator from Michigan and
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire,
when they concede that tlicproperty of Andrew
Johnson or Mr. Justice Wayne, situated within
this District, would have been as secure in the
ownership and possession of those men while
they remained within the Union lines as the
property of any other citizen, concede the
whole of tho case that is now under consider-
ation ; they concede a principle that covers it
that injustice and reason, where men are not
blinded by prejudice, must control it, because if
the laws of nations apply they apply as well to
property found anywhere in the loyal States that
belonged to citizens of tho rebel States, orany
of them, whether that property and the person
who owned it be found in tho rebel States or
tho loyal States. That is the principle of the
law of nations.
When England and the United States were
at war every subject of England within tho
United States was an alien enemy, and the
property of every such subject within the Uni-
ted States, if a law had been passed by Con-
gress confiscating tho property, would have
been forfeited from the owner, and would have
vested in the United States. But such a law
ol confiscation not having been passed after
the declaration of war in 1812, the Supreme
Court solemnly decided that for the want of
thai act of confiscation the title and possession
of the properly of tho alien enemy resident
within the United States remained with the
alien enemy, and ho could not be molested in
the possession or ownership of that property.
Sir, the honorable Senator's concession yields
the point, that the principle of national law in
relation to alien enemies does not and cannot
apply in our country, and the cases which I
put are well calculated to illustrate the absurd-
ity and the unsoundness of tho gentleman's
position. But to concede that his position is
fully right he must bring forward a law of
Congress confiscating the property of Sue Mur-
phey and of every person whose residence and
circumstances wore similar to hers; and in the
a bscnee of such a law I claim his vote, I claim
the vote of every Senator who has opposed the
passage of this bill in its favor, and I claim it
upon the principles of public law. for which
they themselves contend.
' &v. POLE, Mr. President 
Mr. M.OfiRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator will give way, I wiliraoye an adjournment.
Mr. WILSON. There is lying oit the table
a little bill from the House of Representatives
which it is importaht'to put on its passage, and
I hope we slrall be'allowed to pass it; If will
take but a'few moments.
Mr.:COLE. Very well. '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection, the Chair will lay before the
Senate two House bills which arc on the table.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 211)forthe
relief of Henry S. Gibbons, late postmaster at
St. John's^xVlichigan, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Eoads.
REMOVAL' OF DISABILITIES.
The bill (H. R. No. 1598) to relieve from
disability R. W. Best and Samuel P. Phillips,
of North Carolina, was read twice by its' title.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that that bill be con-
sidered at this time.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
Mr. HOWARD'. I should like to hear spme
explanation in regard to these two individuals.
Sir. WILSON. I understand one is reporter
and the other the clerk of the court in North
Carolina; and the court is now in session, and
it is important to act on the bill. The House
of Representatives have passed rit, and the
delegation from that State are unanimously
for it.
Mr. HOWARD. That explanation does not
quite satisfy me, I must confess. One is the
clerk of tho court and the other reporter of tho
court. The question with me is whether they
are deserving of the clemency which is claimed
for them here. They may be very good men
in the stations which they hold, but may not
be very deserving of the votes of tho Senate.
I should like to know whether they have ex-
hibited any evidence of returning loyalty and
friendship for the Government of this country;
whether they have presented "fruits meet for
repentance," or whether they are merely ask-
ing this favor at pur hands in order that they
may continue to hold the offices.
Mr. ABBOTT. I can answer the question
of the gentleman from Michigan. I know both
of these men perfectly well, and it is perfectly
proper that their disabilities be removed. Mr.
Best has been appointed clerk of the supreme
court, and the court is now in session and
waiting for his disabilities to be removed so
that he can act. I received a dispatch this
morning from the Governor requesting me to
have it done to-day.
Mr. HOWARD. I am not entirely satisfied
with the explanation that has been given.
Mr. ABBOTT. These men both voted for
General Grant. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWARD. That maybe. I dare say
there are many rebels who voted for Grant.
I have not any doubt about that. They acted
very properly in that regard. It was the very
.best thing they could do. I would inquire
whether this bill has been referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary for examination?
The PRESIDENT jpro tempore. It has not
been referred in this body. ,
Mr. HOWARD. It seems to me, I must
take the liberty of saying, that this hot haste
in relieving disabilities at the request of almost
anybody is turning the whole thing into ridi-
cule and contempt. We have a clause in the
fourteenth amendment of the, Constitution
which, I think, meant something at the time
it was proposed and at the time it was adopted,
and I do not propose, for one, upon the re-
quest merely of anybody who sees fit to make
a request to remove the disabilities created by
that clause. I should like to see this bill re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary and
have them report on the subject, and if it be
in order I will make, that motion.
Mr, FOWLER. I hope this bill will not b'p
referred. It is very important to these indi-
viduals that they should be relieved.. Thp
Senators from North Carolina concur in the
fact, that they have exhibited every evidence
of loyalty that is requisite, not only in their
private and spcial: intercourse, but iu their
political action ; and as a bill "was passed the
other day covering' a case in Alabama, I see
no reason "why this bill should riot pass by a
unanimous vote of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is' on the motion to refer the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
•Mpt' FESSENDEN. When that clause "was
;ed in the amendment of the Constitutipn
tjffere was very considerable objection to it
pon the ground that it'Weuld seriously affect
many very excellent men, as they were repre-
sented to be,- who were substantially forced
into the rebellion'and obliged to take office,
and who were really, substantially, 'with us;
and it was said to be hard to place a provision
in the Constitution which would permanently,
or which would probably for a, long titae dis-
qualify them. 1 remember saying at the time,
and I fefaember that it was so argued in com-
mittee, that it was necessaty to have such a
clause in order to keep out- a greater or less
"number of men who really ought not to hold
office; that at that time it was.impossible to
make distinctions; that if there were such
men who really were entitled to the confidence
of tho community, and in reality disposed to
discharge their duties as good citizens, and
who were in the rebellion rather fremthe force
of circumstances than from any desire on
their own part, they would be readily relieved
by'the action of Congress ; aiid on that ground
I think it was that it was finally determined to
retain the clause.
Now, sir, for myself I have been in favor
of giving that power in Congress a very liberal
interpretation, and if reasonable evidence was
otfered that men really were disposed' to be
good citizens and do their duty, and had com-
mitted no very flagrant offenses, I have thought
it would be good policy to relieve them as fast
as we could, and do away with the distinction
thus made.
Now, sir, what evidence have we in these
particular cases? We have the' evidence that
these men have been elected to office' by our
friends, by Unioa men, by the Union party of
their State., That of itself is a pretty good in-
dorsement. It shows the estimation in which
they are- held by those upon whose judgments
we rely and upon whose loyalty we rely. We
have, in addition to that, the testimony of the
Senators that our friends have sent here as to
the character and standing' and worth of the
individuals and the confidence placed in them
by those in whom we have confidence, if we
have confidence in anybody in that territory.
Under these circumstances, as the Senatorfrom
North Carolina states that it is of very great
importance that this subject should be acted
upon, because public business waits upon the
matter, I think myself that we have evidence
enough for such a case, and that we shall run
no hazard whatever in allowing them to be re-
lieved from these disabilities thus imposed on
such assurances as we have. I hope, therefore,
the bill will not be referred, but that we shall
act upon it as we have in other cases where
"we had similar evidence from members on this
floor. •'
Mr. HOWARD, .Mr. President, the object
of my motion is sufficiently accomplished, per-
haps. My desire was to hear something about
the real character and status of these two gen-
tlemen mentioned in the bill. The Senate
have had no information on the subject at all,
and the bill was about to be put on its passage
without the slightest inquiry into the propriety
of passing it or the merits of the persons men-
tioned in it. I understand', However, from the
honorable Senators from. North'Carolina that
these gentlemen havet the confidence of the
Republican party in that State, and that the
judges of the.co'urt .itself*are especially anx-
ious that the,reporter should' be relieved of
his'.disabilities. Ilaving received this inform-
ation, which is.'to roe satisfactory, ,1 will, with
.the leave pf the Senate, withdraw ray 'motioii
Jaidfef."
