1869.
THE €0N&RBS8I0NAL GLC)B1.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
ADJOURNMENT TO, MONDAY.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion fnay be entertained by unanimous consent,
another question being pending.
Mr. HOWE. I have no objection to the
motion being heard and passed upon, and if
the Senate -desire to adjourn over I have no
■personal objection to that; but I desfre to live
long enough to see the debate closed on the
pending bill. [Laughter. ] If we should have
a session to-morrow I should have some hope
of surviving it. If it should go over until the
tiext week my hope will be decidedly less.
We have but a few days in which to close the
session, and it seems to me it would only be a
fair economy of time for us to sit to-morrow.
If, however, the Senate would rather hear the
rest -of this debate next week than to hear it
to-morrow I cannot object to that.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
have a session to-morrow. We have done lit-
tle else thus far this session'than adjourn. I
think if there is any prospect of determining
the Sue Murphey case before the 4th of March
we had better sit it out. I am for meeting
to-morrow certainly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is upon the motion of the Senator from
Iowa.
The motion was agreed to.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Cole] is entitled to
the floor on the bill under consideration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sena-
tor will give way, I will move an adjournment.
Mr. COLE. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January ,8, 1869.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
LEWIS D. SMITH.
The SPEAKER stated that this being Fri-
day the business in order in the morning hour
was the reception of reports from committees
on private cases; the pending question being
on House joint resolution No. 889, for the re-
lief of Lewis D. Smith, reported on the 18th
of December from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads by the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Perry,] now absent.
' Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have this morning
received a letterfrom my colleague on the com-
mittee, [Mr. Ferry,] asking me to take charge
of this joint resolution. When the joint reso-
lution was last up I believe the House was
dividing.
The SPEAKER. _ It was, on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let the joint resolution
and report be read.
The joint resolution authorizes and requires
the Postmaster General, in settling the ac-
counts of the claimant, postmaster at Iona,
Michigan, to allow him a credit of the amount
of moneys and stamps belonging to the United
States intrusted to his care and stolen from
his possession, not exceeding the sum of
$1,881 28. , , „
The report was read. It states that by affi-
davits submitted and verified bjr several of the
most prominent and reliable citizens of Iona
it appears that the claimant has held the office
of postmaster at that place since April, 1865.
During that time the post office has been kept
in the rear of the ground story of a brick build-
ing, sixty feet of which was occupied by L. D.
and Mi C: Smith as a drug store,- and com-
municating with the post office by a door. The
moneys and valuables of the Government were
uniformly deposited in one of Lilly's best bur-
glar and fire proof safes, with a combination
.ock, in which also all the valuables of the firm
were kept. On the night of October 15, 1867,
not only was this safe, but other safes of busi-
ness friends in the same place, broken open.
This safe contained $600 in cash belonging to
the Government, and $1,476 in postage stamps,
together with $325 in cash belonging to L. D.
and M. C. Smith. Every exertion wasmadeto
arrest the burglar and recover the money, but
without success. The Postmaster General, in
reply to the application for relief, replies that
the regulations of the Department will not
allow it, but deeming the case an exceptional
one commends it to Congress for special con-
sideration.
Mr. COBB. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to give way to a motion to refer this joint
resolution to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot do that.
The same request was before made of my col-
league on the committee, and it was denied.
The report which has been read shows that
the case has been as well examined by the
Committee on the Post'Office and Post Roads
as it could be by any other committee. It is
with the House to say whether it shall go to
another committee. If that should be the
decision I do not know that I should object.
If, however, such shall be the precedent estab-
lished then all these questions will resolve
themselves into a choice of reference. The
Committee of Claims has now all the cases it
can attend to.
Mr. BEN.) AMIN, Does this relate to stolen
Government bonds?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Government bonds
were stolen at the same time, but this relates
to postage stamps. The safe was broken open,
ana at the same time these postage stamps
were taken money belonging to merchants
was also stolen. The postmaster has been
charged with these stamps, and this joiut res-
olution is for his relief. The Post Office De-
partment has investigated the case and recom-
mends the passage of this resolution. The
question has been decided repeatedly that re-
lief should be granted to claimants under like
circumstances. Where a postmaster keeps
postage stamps in a safe provided by the Gov-
ernment, or in the best safe he can get in ease
the Government provides none, and the prop-
erty is stolen by a burglar without fault of the
postmaster, the question is, shall the Govern-
ment relieve him? That is all there is of it.
The case has been thoroughly investigated.
Mr. MULLINS. I wish to know if there is
any testimony before the Committee showing
the fact that the doors were entered by violence
to get into the store.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, yes, sir.
Mr. MULLINS. Also whether the other
safes were broken open in or about the post
office the same night, and whether these par-
ties themselves have been after the burglars.
There seems to be nothing shown about that
in the case.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not remember
whether any other safes were broken open. I
do not know that there were any others in the
building.
Mr. MULLINS. Is there anything definite
in regard to the manner in which the front door
was broken open to get at the safe? I ask it
for the purpose of bringing my mind to some-
thing definite as to the whole affair. We do
not know but there may have been some of the
parties directly interested in having the thing
done. I would like to know how the building
was entered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We. have not exam-
ined the question in regard to other safes in the
building, but the burglary was committed, the
safe'was broken open, and the property taken
not only the Government but private property
also.
Mr. MULLINS. How Was the froat door
broken open ?
'Mr. FARNSWORTH. I decline to yield
further.
, Mr. MULLINS. And I decline- to vote for
the bill unless I see that somebody broke that
door open who was n'otconcerned in this matter.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 38, noes 20; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs._ Mulliss and Faussworth.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 86, noes 30.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; and
the joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
tod -read a' third time; and being engrossed, it
was'acc'ordinglyr&d thethird time, and passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resplutioa was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table. '
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
,Mr. Ferry, on account of sickness.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. LINCOLN, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported adversely
on the following petitions; and the same were
laid on the table:
Petition of Robert Brigham, praying for com-
pensation for money expended as postmaster
at Franklin, Pennsylvania,- and
Petition of E. S. Zeverley, of Cumberland,
Maryland.
EDWIN B.- HOAG.
Mr. LINCOLN, frpm the same committee,
reported back a bill JH. R. No. 281) for the
relief of Edwin B. Hoag. It authorizes the
Postmaster General to pay' to the claimant, in
addition to what he is now receiving, such sum
or sums as shall make the payment for carry-
ing the mail on route No. 11494 eijnal to the
sum of $39G per annum for all the time he has
conveyed or shall convey said mails on said
route under the existing contract.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Read the
report.
The report was read. It appears that the
petitioner tiled proposals for Carrying the mail
on routes Nos. 11493 and 11494 in Illinois.
The first is between Cambridge and Geneseo,
and the second between Cambridge and Galva.
In filling up the blanks for the proposals he
made an error, and filled up both papers as
from Cambridge to Geneseo, thereby proposing
to carry the mail for that route in one paper
for $621, and in the other for $311, while
neither paper named Galva. It further appears
that a proposal was put in by one Morse for
carrying the latter route for $396, being eighty-
five dollars more than the bid of Mr. Hoag.
In view of these facts, and it being evident that
Mr. Hoag made an error in filling up hlspapers,
and not deeming it right to take advantage of
his evident error, the committee recommend
the passage of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
the total amount?
Mr. LINCOLN. It is stated in the report.
The difference was eighty-five dollars per an-
num, and the total is $396. There were two
routes for which thisgentleman intended to bid:
one from Cambridge to Geneseo, and one, a
shorter route, from Cambridge to Galva. By
a mistake in filling up the blanks the name of
Geneseo was inserted in both bids, and his bid
intended for the shorter route was accepted for
the longer route, and another contractor got
the short route.
Mr. COBB. It would cost more to defeat
this bill than the claim amounts^ to, but I do
not think this very safe legislation. It is a
violation of any safe rule of action.
Mr. BE AM AN. I observe_that the report
does not state whether in the judgment or the
committee the amount which the contractor
received for the service was too small. rwoula
