1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121$
Mr. WILLIAMS. I inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia if he considers that amendment neces-
sary? It strikes me to be quite unusual after
thetranscriptof ajudgmentof an inferior court
is filed with the clerk of a higher tribunal
that there should be a trial in that tribunal
upon that transcript. How are the proceed-
ings to be conducted ? Is it to be a trial de
novo, or simply a trial of the law of the case?
Mr. HARLAN. A trial on the merits was
the intention. The bill, if it should become a
law with the amendment added, would simply
give the judgment creditor before a justice of
the peace a lien on the.real estate of the debtor
by filing a transcript of the judgment before
the justice of the peace; and the committee
thought that was ail that was desirable, con-
sidering tile character of some of the justices
of the peace that slip through the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. I would suggest that in that
case the defendant ought to be allowed to take
the appeal, and that the plaintiff ought not to
be considered as taking the appeal by filing
the transcript there to save his lien.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know that I
understand the effect of the amendment; but
it appears to me to mean that where a judg-
ment has been rendered by a. justice of the
peace and the plaintiff takes a transcript of the
judgment and files it in the office of the clerk
of the supreme court, that operates as an ap-
peal, and the case may then be retried in the
supreme court upon that transcript.
Mr. HARLAN. That was the intention of
the committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That appears to me to
be a very extraordinary proceeding. I have
never heard of any such proceeding in any
court. The original bill as it appeared to me
when it was read was perfectly satisfactory and
according to the general practice.
. Mr. HARLAN. I have no personal wish to
have the amendment adopted. If Senators
around me think the bill is better without the
amendment than with it I am perfectly willing
that it should be rejected.
• Mr. GRIMES. Without the amendment it
is just like our statute.
Mr. HARLAN. I know it is.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. GRIMES. Let it be read now as
amended.
The Chief Clerk read the bill as amended,
as follows:
Be it enacted, &e.. That in all cases in which a judg-
ment has been or may hereafter be rendered by any
justice of the peace for the county of Washington, in
the District of Columbia, on which execution has been
or may be issued and returned unsatisfied, either in
whole or in part, the party in whose favor thoj udgment
has been rendered may file a transcript of such judg-
ment in the office of the clerk of the supreme court
of the District of Columbia; and thereupon it shall
be the duty of said Clerk, on the day on which the
transcript may be filed, to enter in a book, to be by
him kept for that purpose, the names of the parties,
the amount of said judgment, and the dato of filing
the transcript. Such judgment, when the transcript
thereof shall have been filed as aforesaid, shall be-
come a lien on the real estate of the judgment debtor
from the date of the filing thereof; but no execution
or other process shall be issued thereon until said
judgment shall beaflirmed by said court after a hear-
ing on the merits, the defendant having had sufficient
notioeof the time and pi ace of the hearing; and when
so affirmed execution may bo issued thereon in the
same manner as if the judgment had been rendered
in the supreme court of the District of Columbia,
and shall be executed m like manner.
Mr. HOWE. I havejustcomein, and nowmy
attention is just called to this amendment. I
have not heard the reason assigned for it; but
really it seems to rae that it defeats the whole
purpose of the bill. It occurs to me that the
object of the bill is to allow the judgment
creditor to obtain a lien on the real estate of
the defendant by filing a transcript of the judg-
ment he has obtained in the higher court. But
the amendment virtually provides that if he
does file his transcript in that court he vacates
his judgment the moment he goes into the
higher court, because he cannot have an exe-
cution upon it until he has bad a new trial. It
vacates the judgment, and he has got to have a
new trial of the merits before he can have
judgment or execution. -
Mr. HARLAN. He ought to have. If the
Senator knew as much about the manner in
which j ustices of the peace are appointed in this
District and where they are located he would
not want them to be able practically to provide
for executions against the real estate owned by
the people in the District. You have one jus-
tice of the peace located in your pay clerk's
office here in the Capitol; there is one in every
claim agent's office almost in the city. They
are not required to keep any docket; they are
not responsible to anybody. They may render
a judgment against an individual; it may be
all right in itself; the process may be returned
"no property found." This is to enable the
judgment of the creditor to go to the supreme
court and take a lien on the real estate. He
may rest there; but if he still desires an exe-
cution he may have process issued requiring
the party to come in and show cause why the
judgment below should not be affirmed and
execution issued. There is no difficulty in the
matter; but then if the Senate will just vote
down the amendment I shall be perfectly con-
tent. Usually all the bills pertaining to the
District of Columbia are defeated by some kind
of dilatory process. lam perfectly willing the
amendment should be voted down if the Senate
wishes it.
Mr. HOWE. Really I think that bad better
be done, because no matter what may be the
character of the justices of the peace or how
they are appointed, if they are allowed to give
judgments at all it seems to me the law should
allow the judgments to be collected, and I
would just as lief a mean justice should give a
judgment to be collected from my real estate
as from my personal property. When a judg-
ment once goes against me it seems to me it
should be collected.
Mr. HARLAN. Let us have a vote. Vote
it down if you wish.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senate will not
agree to it.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was not concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
IIOL'SE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 458) grant-
ing the consent of Congress provided for in
section ten of the act incorporating the North-
ern Pacific Railroad Company, approved July
2, 1864, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
DIVORCES IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 785.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider- the bill (S. No. 185) concerning di-
vorces in the District of Columbia. It pro-
vides that upon the hearing of any petition for
divorce filed in the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, under the law approved
June 19, 1860, the court may decree a divorce
a vinculo matrimonii, when it shall be satis-
fied by competent testimony that the party
complained against has abandoned the party
complaining, and that such abandonment has
continued uninterruptedly for at least three
years, and is deliberate and final, and the sep-
aration of the parties beyond any reasonable
expectation of reconciliation.
The Committee on the Judiciary proposed
to amend the bill by striking out all after the
enacting clause and inserting:
That in all cases in which by existing law the su-
preme court of the District of Columbia is author-
ized to decree a divorce from bed and b lard, it shall
in cases hereafter instituted have authority in its dis-
cretion to decree a divorce from the bonds of matri-
mony.
The amendment was agreed to.
The billwas reported to the Sehate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered t© be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
TAKING OP DEPOSITIONS.
Mr. SUMNER. At the suggestion of my
friend, the chairman of the District Committee,
I move that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of Senate bill No. 729.
Mr. FERRY. I presume the Senator from
Massachusetts understands that the bill which
was under consideration at the recess is merely
laid aside informally.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly. I am proceed-
ing from the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia. I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of Senate bill No. ?29. It
is cognate to the things we have been con-
sidering.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 729) to provide isr
the execution in the District of Columbia of
commissions issued by the courts of the States
and Territories of the United States and of
foreign nations, and for taking depositions to
be used in such courts.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
proposed to amend the bill in line five of sec-
tion two, to insert the word "or," and after
the word "or" to strike out "a justice ofthe
peace" and insert "any commissioner for the
taking of depositions appointed by the supreme
court of the District."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill provides that any party to a suit
depending in any court of any State or Terri-
tory of the United States, or of any foreign
nation, may obtain the testimony of any wit-
ness residing in, or temporarily within, the
District of Columbia, to be used in such suit.
When a commission to take such testimony
shall have issued from the court in which the
suit is pending, or a notice shall have been
given according to the rules of practice pre-
vailing in such court, on producing the same
to a justice of the supreme court of the Dis-
trictof Columbia, and ondueproof being made
to such officer that the testimony of any wit-
ness residing in the District, or temporarily
within it, is material to the party desiring the
same, such officer shall issue a summons to
such witness, requiring him to appear before
the commissioners named in the commission
or notice to testify. The summons is to specify
the time and place at which the witness is re-
quired to attend, which shall be within the
District of Columbia.
The second section provides that if a suit be
pending in any court of any State or Territory
of the United States, or of any foreign nation,,
and it shall satisfactorily appear by affidavit
to any officer named in the preceding section,
or to the judge of the orphans' court, or any
commissioner for the taking of depositions
appointed by the supreme court of the District,
first, that any person residing or temporarily
dwelling in the District of Columbia is a ma-
terial witness for either party to such suit;
secondly, that no commission or "notice to take
the testimony of such witness has been issued or
given ; and thirdly, that according to the course
and practice of the court in which such suit
is pending the deposition of a witness taken
without the presence and consent of both
parties will be received on the trial or hearing
of such suit, the officer shall issue his sum-
mons requiring such witness to appear before
him at a place within the District at some
reasonable lime to testify in the suit. The
officer before whom the witness shall appear
is to take down his testimony in writing and
certify and transmit the same to the court be-
fore which the suit is pending in sueh manner
as the practice of the court may require. If
any person shall refuse or neglect to appear at
the time and place mentioned in the summons,
or if, on his appearance, he shall refus« to
testify, he shall be liable to tie same penalties
