262
1®® OOKGrKlSSIO&AL GLOBE;
January
clazer, Jacob Possf and D.-V. Co-Maze? for
D. L. Howe.
SBBASTIAN REICHERT.
Mr. BAEER, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution ; which was read, con'
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands
bo instructed to inquire what relief, if any, ia duo to
Sebastian Reichert, of St, Clair county, Illinois, in
consequence of the failure of certain patents of tno
United States to convey title, and that saia commit-
tee report in the premises by bill or otherwise.
INTERNAL TAX ON NAVAL MACHINERY.
Mr. SCHENCJ£, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee of "Ways and Means, re-
ported back a bill (H. R. No. 182?) to amend
an act to exempt, certain manufacturers from
internal tax, and for other purposes, approved
March 31, 1868, with an amendment, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read. It amends the act of
1868,in the second scction, so as to allow man-
ufacturers of naval machinery for the Govern-
ment all the benefits conferred by said act
upon other manufacturers, repealing all taxes
upon such machinery not heretofore- assessed
and collected.
The amendment reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means was to strike out all after
the word " machinery " to the end of the sec-
tion , and insert inlietjthercof the words," which
had not accrued prior to the 1st day of April,
1868, are hereby remitted."
Mr. SCHENCK. I will explain briefly the
object of the bill. When the bill which was
passed and which became a law on the 31st of
March last was pending it was, so far as the
action of the House was concerned, passed
without the second section of the bill. It con-
tained simply a provision that there should be
no further taxation after the 1st of April, 1868,
upon the products of manufacturing industry.
Subsequently an amendment of the Senate,
agreed to in committee of conference, provided
that it should not apply to the productions of
manufacturing processes by those who had
cont.ructs.with the Navy Department for fur-
nishing machinery to- the Government. The
object of this seemed to bo to make an excep-
tion in their cases, because it was understood
that there had been from time to time under
thoso contracts deliveries of portions of the
machinery, whilo the tax upon the portion of
the contract completed or the machinery de-
livered in part was withheld by the Govern-
ment, and therefore the bill passed retroact?
ivp in some sense in its effects.
Now, in the House the position was taken
that all contractors, whether with the Govern-
ment or as between individuals, should be put
upon an equality, and should have no tax put
upon that which they produced after the 1st
of April. The bill, which was once reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means and
then recommitted, would relieve these gentle-
men not merely from the tax accrued after the
1st of April, %s in the case of other producers
of machinery, but would also give them the
benelit of relief against the payment of the
tax which had accrued prior to the lat of April.
We propose, therefore, to amend the bill in
such a way that all taxes which accrued prior
to the 1st of June, 18f>8, shall be paid; thus
putting them on the same footing as all other
contractors and citizens, and only remitting
the taxation after the 1st of April, 18G8.
I do not know that I can make the matter
clearer by further explanation. The object is
to amend the bill so as to give them this ben-
efit only in accordance with the provisions of
the law which extends the same benefit to all
other persons.
Mr. CHANLER. I would ask the gentle-
man who will be the recipients of the benefit
of the amended bill, and if the benefit is lim-
ited, as I understand it to be, to contractors
for the Government for naval machinery? •
Mr. SCHENCK. The Government will col-
lect from contractors all taxes which have ac-
crued, although they have not been collected,
prior to the 1st of April last. The contractors
ft>r any portioh of machinery furnished after
the 1st of April will get the same benefit as all
other persons producing manufactured articles
obtain under the law. The object is to amend
the bill so that it shall not give these manufac-
turers of machinery for the Government the
benefit of being released from taxation which
accrued prior to the 1st of April. The original
bill provided that they should be relieved from
that not collected, bat there was that which
had not been collected but which had accrued,
and the committee have come to the conclu-
sion they ought to pay that which had accrued,
although not collected.
■The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, wag then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Appropriations, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 1598) making appropriations for
the naval service for the fiscal year ending June
30. 1870; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the slate of the Union, made the special
order for Monday next, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to reserve all points
of order on that bill.
Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois. That is
very proper. The gentleman may be enabled
to strike out some things which would decrease
the public expenses.
Mr. BROOKS. I only half hoard what the
gentleman said.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I said that
by taking advantage of points of order and
striking out some matters in the naval bill the
gentleman could increase the public expenses.
Mr. BROOKS. It is very easy for a man
who bellows here loudly for economy and by
the consumption of time disgusts the House
and creates a disposition to expend forty times
the amount of public money that would other-
wise be spent to make insinuations of that sort.
MESSAGE I'KOM TUB SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gokiiam,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
indefinitely postponed a bill (H. Ii. No. 203)
to extend the jurisdiction of probate courts
and of justices of the peace in the Territories
of Idaho and Montana.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the following titles ; in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested :
An act (S. No. 167) granting lands to the
State of Oregon to aid in the construction of a
military wagon-road from the navigable waters
of Coos bay to Itoseburg, in said State;
An act (S. No. 712) to define the fees of
recorder of deeds, and to provide for the ap-
pointment of warden of the jail in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 722) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to provide a national currency
secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemp-
tion thereof," by extending certain penalties to
accessories; and
An act (S. No. 730) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to confirm the titles to certain
lands in the States of Nebraska."
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that when the House shall again resolve itself
into the Committeeof the Whole onthestateof
the Union all general debate upon the Military
Academy appropriation bill shall terminate in
an hour and a half.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now move
that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of tbe Unteo
upon the speeial order.
The motion was agreed to.
Accordingly the House resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. HulbijRD in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of House bill No,
1596, making appropriations for the support
of tbe Military Academy for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1870.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all general debate on this bill must terminate
in one hour and a^Salf.
The bill was rAd at length.
SNURE 01? OEBICE.
r. LOGAN. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
detSli this/committee for a short time to dis-
cuss t^uj/position which has been before the
House cmring very nearly the whole oi the last
session. It is perhaps not entirely legitimate
to discuss such a proposition during the pend-
ency of the bill now before us. I refer to the
bill reported from a committee, and known as
the civil service bill, or otherwise known as
"Mr. Jenckes's bill.'.' I do not know how
that bill may have struck the minds of other
members of the House, but it has led me to
believe that it is a bill of very great import-
ance, one that should be examined very care-
fully by members prior to their action upon
the same.
Mr. Chairman, I rise to oppose the bill known
as Mr. Jexckes's " civil service bill," which
provides for anew department of Government
and a "life tenure for all civil offices of the
United States, except those ^wherein the Sen-
ate must consent to the appointment;" and in
opposing this bill I desire to say I am in favor
of having the business of this Government, in
every department, transacted with the utmost
intelligence, fidelity, and dispatch. I believe
that all employ6s in the service of the Gov-
ernment should have intelligence and capacity
sufficient to enable them to perform their
duties in a satisfactory manner, and that they
receive such compensation as will make them
proof against dishonesty and ambitious of
promotion. I am in favor of governmental
economy, but I do not regard that to be a wise
economy which pinches a subordinate to lavish
on a superior. In a word, sir, I desire to sea
the affairs of the nation transacted by all its
participants with the utmost attainable pre-
cision, aptitude, and integrity ; and whenever
it is shown to me that a reform is needed in
any point and it can be effected by any proper
legislation I will cheerfully vote for it.
I think it is proper that I should thus ex-
press my views in order that I may not be
misunderstood in my motives or feelings when
I say that I cannot vote for this bill nor advo-
cate the system which is embodied in it. I
think that the bill is bad in theory, wrong in
principle, opposed to the genius and spirit of
our institutions and our people, and probably
unconstitutional in its legal aspect. 1 regard
the introduction of a bill like this, and the
favor with which it has been thus far received
by both parties and the press of the country,
as one of the most positive, and, therefore, one
of the most alarming signs of the inauguration
of a policy which if persisted in will end in
the obliteration of all that is republican in this
Government and the substitution of that which
is monarchicalin its stead. If I had had nothing
but the bill itself before me I might have hesi-
tated before expressing this opinion; but when
I read, as I have done with great care, the
report of the committee and the exhibits at-
tached to their report, and find their whole
plan is taken openly, boldly, and without dis-
guisefrom monarchical Governments, I cannot
doubt what its results will be if I could doubt
the intention.
This bill gives a life tenure of office to every
employ^ of .the Government in the civil service.
In«that particular alone it is opposed to the
theory of our institutions. I will not consume
the time of the House by reading the opinions
