1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
40th Cong. ... 3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
1868; theCherokees, July 19,1868 ; the Black-
feet, September 1, 1868 ; the Baiinacks, Shosli-
ones, and Sheep-eaters, September 24, 1868.
The leading stipulations of the treaties which
have been proclaimed provide for gathering
the respective tribes upon distinct reservations
and for securing in due time to each Indian a
title to a separate tract of land. Clqthing,
goods, and farming implements are to be fur-
nished, and school and mission houses, agency
buildings, mills, &e., are to be erected. When
by a temporary occupation of the Indian hunt-
ing grounds or the construction of railways
over them we partially deprive the Indians of
their accustomed means of subsistence, we
should afford them a reasonable indemnity.
Our treaties, however, will not be worth the
paper upon which they are written if Congress
does not furnish the means of executing them.
We have no just ground of reproach against
most of the tribes for the non-fulfillment of
their treaty stipulations. It is a significant fact
that during the winter of 1867-63, when more
than twenty-seven thousand Indians were sub-
sisted by us, not a single act of depredation or
violence was reported. It is believed that
peaceful relations would have been maintained
to this hour had Congress, in accordance with
the estimates submitted, made the necessary
appropriations to enable this Department to
perform engagements for which the public faith
was pledged. A costly Indian war, with all its
horrors, would have been avoided.
The lands within the limits of reservations
set apart for Indians who have made some
progress in the arts of civilized life should not
be held in common. When surveyed, the title
in severalty to small tracts designated by spe-
cific legal subdivisions should be vested in indi-
viduals, with no power of alienating them
except to members of the tribe. The Govern-
ment should guaranty to the Indians the per-
petual ani exclusive right to remain in the
undisturbed possession of the reservation, and
prohibit, by the severest penalties, the settle-
ment of white persons within it. The latter
trespass upon the land of the Indian, and
often compel him to abandon his home and
seek another in a distant wilderness. So long
as tV.s precarious tenure exists, the Indian
believes that he has but a temporary right, of
which he is to be divested by the advancement
of the white population, and the labors of the
agents in his behalf will be greatly embarrassed.
We have striking examples of the high degree
of civilization which the Indians may, under
propitious influences, attain. The Cherokees,
Choctaws, Chickasaws, Creeks, and Seminoles,
residing within the Indian country west of
Arkansas, have given evidence of their capacity
for self-government. Institutions are organ-
ized under which their civil and political
rights have for many years been as well pro-
tected as in any part of the country. They
have adopted measures for the formation of a
territorial government, with a view to tlieir
ultimate admission as a member of our Fed-
eral Union. Such facts should stimulate us
to constant and strenuous efforts in reclaiming
the wild tribes and instructing them in the arts
of civilized life. Although our progress is
slow and beset with formidable difficulties, a
just regard to our obligations requires us to
persist in the work.
The transfer of the Indian Bureau to the
War Department has been suggested. Our
experience during the period when the Indians
were under military care and guardianship
affords no ground for hope that any benefit to
them or the Treasury would be secured by the
measure. I assume that it is our duty to pro-
mote, by all appropriate and peaceful means,
the moral, intellectual, and material condition
of these wards of the Government. There is
nothing in the pursuits or character of the sol-
dier which especially adapts him to this duty.
It can be better fulfilled by our civil officers.
No divided control should, however, be tol-
erated. Undue interference with the exercise
by this Department of its acknowledged and
exclusive jurisdiction over the Indians has seri-
ously impaired its efficiency and disturbed our
relations with them.
I refer you to the report "of the Commis-
sioner for more specific information in regard
to Indian affairs.
An act approved March 2, 1867, established
a Department of Education, intrusted the man-
agement thereof to a Commissioner, provided
for his appointment, and authorized the em-
ployment of sundry clerks, who were made sub-
ject to his appointing and removing power.
It devolved upon hiiu the duty of presenting
to Congress annual reports, the first of which
was to contain a statement in relation to the
land grants made by Congress to promote edu-
cation. An act of the last session declares
that the Department of Education shall cease
from and after the 30th of June next, and that
there shall be established and attached to this
Department an office to be denominated " the
Office of Education," the chief officer of which
shall be the Commissioner of Education.
As the Department of Education will, at the
close of thepresent fiscal year, no longer exist,
I submit that the act works at that date a cesser
of the present office of Commissioner. A new
office, taking effect in futuro, has been created,
although the mode of filling it has not been
prescribed. The appointment of an officer by
legislative enactment is confessedly unconsti-
tutional, as the appointing power is otherwise
vested. But without dwelling upon this ques-
tion, inasmuch as the duties appertaining to
the bureau are to be discharged under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, I beg
leave to offer for consideration some general
views which have impressed me with the con-
viction that all legislation touching the Depart-
ment and the Office of Education should be
repealed. The acts of Congress aud the reports
of the Commissioner of Public Lands disclose
the extent of the several land grants made by
the General Government for seminaries of
learning.
The approaching census will exhibit full and
authentic educational statistics; and I am un-
able to perceive the propriety of maintaining
a bureau for the purpose of compiling, from
the published reports of the local authorities
or other sources, information touching the
practical operations of the school systems in
force in the several States. Those reports are
widely diffused and are accessible to the pub-
lic. The matter which may be elicited is not
required to enable Congress to discharge its
legitimate duties. Education in the States
falls within their exclusive province. The en-
lightened and active zeal which most of them
have manifested on the subject affords an am-
ple guarantee that systems of common schools
will be maintained throughout the country.
Such modifications as may be required to adapt
them to the peculiar condition and wants of the
various classes of the population will be sea-
sonably introduced. We shaH all gladly hail
the day when a title to instruction in the rudi-
ments of knowledge will be regarded as the
birthright of every American child. The man-
agement of this great interest may, however,
be safely and wisely left to the States, to whom
alone under the Constitution it belongs.
As in the past, so in the future, when new
States shall be admitted into the Union Con-
gress will grant them land for educational and
other purposes, and the administration of the
fund derived from the sale of it should be con-
fided to them. Interference by Congress in
matters of purely local concern can be pro-
ductive of nothing but unmixed evil.
Should, however, "the Office of Education"
be perpetuated, I suggest the propriety of
enacting by whom the Commissioner shall be
appointed. The act of last session in other
respects should be modified. Under the Con-
stitution "Congress may bylaw vest the ap-
pointment of such iuferior officers as they think
proper in the President alone, in the courts of
law, or in the heads of Departments." It has
been judicially determined that clerks are offi-
cers within the meaning of this provision, and
the power of appointing such as this bureau
may, in the opinion of Congress, require,
should therefore be vested in the Secretary of
the Interior. The Commissioner, as other
officers of like grade, should be required to
report to the Department under whose super-
vision he acts, and not to Congress. An appro-
priation for the next fiscal year of $6,000 will
be .required to pay the contingent expenses of
the office, salaries of the Commissioner, and
two clerks of the first class to be appointed by
the Secretary of the Interior. This sum will
be ample if the office be economically admin-
istered. No greater clerical force should be
authorized.
During the year ending September 30, 1868,
there were 20,112 applications for patents;
14,153 patents (including reissues and designs)
were issued; 1,692 applications allowed on
which patents did not issue owing to the non-
payment of the final fee; 3,789 caveats filed;
180 applications for the extension of patents
received, of which 133 were granted. The
receipts were $69(3,786 78, being $171 64 less
than the expenditures.
Congress, on the 20th of July last, directed
that all moneys standing to the credit of the
patent fund, or in the hands of the Commis-
sioner, and all moneys thereafter received at
the Patent Office should be paid into the Treas-
ury without deduction, appropriated $250,000
for salaries, miscellaneous, and contingent ex-
penses, and other purposes, and required it to
be disbursed under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior. The cash then on hand,
$63,025 76, was accordingly paid, and the
amount to the credit of the patent fund trans-
ferred on tue books of the Treasury. The
expenses from that date to the 81st of October
were $173,461 43. The expenses for this and
the following month, including the outstanding
claims, are estimated at $120,000. An appro-
priation of $360,000 will be required for the
remainder of the fiscal year.
The Commissioner in a communication to
me expresses the opinion that in view of the
varying amount both of the receipts and ex-
penditures, it is expedient to restore the office
to its former position, and, if deemed neces-
sary, to limit the surplus to the credit of the
fund. He considers that the miscellaneous
character and uncertain extent of clerical
and other labor required render impracticable
even a proximate estimate of the appropria-
tions for each fiscal year. I do not concur
in these views. In my judgment the legisla-
tion of the last session was wise and salutary
in this regard. The probable expenditures
may be estimated with reasonable certainty.
The office should report to the Secretary of the
Interior and he be authorized and required to
exercise an efficient supervision over it. I am
satisfied that the absence of such control has
led to lavish expenditures and flagrant abuses.
The limitations upon the Secretary's appoint-
ing power ought to be abolished and this bureau
placed upon the same footing in this particular
as the other bureaus of the Department. I am
gratified to record that the present Commis-
sioner has efficiently and zealously labored to
correct irregularities, reduce expenses, enforce
a wholesome discipline in the office, and render
it in every respect more worthy of public confi-
dence. ,
I renew my former recommendation in favor
of repealing so much of the law as allows an
appeal from the decisions of the Commissioner
on applications for letters-patent and in inter-
ference cases, and respectfully refer to the views
on the subject presented in my former reports.
