1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1215
work, representing the proportion due to the
area of the streets, avenues, and public spaces
so drained, is to be defrayed by the corporation
of the city of Washington.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
suppose that bill was agreed uponincommittee,
though I was not present at the meeting. I
think certainly it should not pass as it now
stands. It provides for arching Tiber creek,
and then condemning the made land over the
creek as a street, and it cuts diagonally across
several of the streets of the city, and thus
mars the general appearance of the city, and
is not needed at all as a street. I think cer-
tainly the bill, as it now stands, should not
pass.
Mr. FERRY. Thetime has arrived to whicli
Senate bill No. 752 was informally laid aside.
I gave way for this bill upon the belief of the
Senator from Iowa that it would not create
debate; but as the Senator from New Hamp-
shire seems disposed to debate it I will call up
Senate bill No. 752.
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore. Senate bill
No. 752 was before the Senate, but was passed
over informally, and of course it is before the
Senate at the call of any Senator.
washington market company.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 752) to
incorporate the Washington Market Company,
which had been reported from the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds with several
amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was
after the word "thereof," in line twenty-eight
of section two," to insert "and which shall be
kept in good repair by said company."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I would inquire if this is the
same bill the reading of which was commenced
before the recess.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the
same.
The next amendment of the committee was
to strike out in lines thirty-seven, thirty-eight,
thirty-nine, and forty, of section two, the words:
Said market-grounds, buildings, stalls, stands, and
entrances to the same, when oonstrueted, shall con-
stitute and remain a public market and grounds for-
ever.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
The grounds herein designated to be used for the
purposes of a market and for the use of the city gov-
ernment shall be used for no purpose inconsistent
therewith, but the same shall remain a public mar-
ket as liereinbolore described.
Mr. NYE. I should like to ask the Senator
who has this bill in charge what the difference
in that phraseology is; whatsis the change
intended to be made?
Mr. PERRY. I think this particular amend-
ment was drawn by the Senator from Maine,
the chairman of the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill is changed
very considerably, and several restrictions are
put upon it. As originally drawn it in fact
conveyed the fee of this reservation to this
company. That is changed, and they are made
merely lessees for a given time. The lan-
guage here used, "remain a public market
and grounds forever," would be inconsistent
with that, and therefore the phraseology was
changed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
proviso at the end of section two, in the fol-
lowing words:
Provided, That nothing in this act contained is
intended to curtail the acts or ordinances of the
boards of aldermen and common council of the city
of Washington in relation to the said Centre Market,
or the management thereof, except asabovespecified.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
The stalls, stands, and privileges of all kinds in
said market to be used for market purposes when
offered at public sale sbail be let to the highest bid-
der, and there shall be no bidding on the part of
said company, directly or indirectly; but said com-
pany, with the consent of the mayor and aldermen
of the city of Washington, may fix a minimum rate
of bids at such sale; and the person who shall offer
the highest price at or beyond such minimum for any
such stand, stall, or privilege, shall be entitled to the
occupation thereof and shall be considered as hav-
ing the good will and the right to retain possession
thereof so long as he chooses to occupy the same for
his own business and shall continue to pay the rent
therefor, but shall have no right to dispose of such
goqd will to any other person; and the rent shall
only be raised on application to tbemayorand alder-
men, who, after hearing the parties, may chanseand
determine the same. And the municipal govern-
ment of said city shall at all times have power to
make and enforce such regulations with regard to
said market and the management thereof as in their
judgment the interests, convenience, health, and
safoty of the community may require.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section, after section four:
Sec. 5. And be U further enacted That before any
buildings now upon said land shall be removed or
new buildings erected, a plan for such new buildings
and for said market, accurately describing the man-
ner in which said grounds are to be laid out and
occupied, shall be made and approved by the pres-
ident of said company, the mayor of the city, and
the architect of the Capitol extension, who shall
certify such approval upon said plan, and the same
shall be deposited in the office of the register of
deeds, in the city of Washington, for safe keeping:
and said grounds shall be used and occupied, and
said buildings erected in accordance with said plan,
unless the same shall be varied by the same author-
ity, and in like manner attested and deposited.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in
section [eleven] twelve the words:
In order to aid the Washington Market Company
to fulfill the objeots and requirements of this act,
all the use, right, and title ot the Government of the
United States m and to all real estate mentioned in
this act be, and the saraeis hereby, vested in the said
Washington Market Company, to have and to hold
the samufor tile use and benelitof tliesaid company,
subject to the reservations and conditions hereinbe-
fore set forth.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
The privilege conferred by this act shall be enjoyed
by said company for the term of years, unless
sooner terminated for a non-compliance or abuse of
the conditions herein imposed upon said company,
which may bedone by suit in the name of the United
States to recover possession of said property. At the
end of said period of years the said lands, with
all the erections and improvements thereon, shall
revert to the United States, unless Congress shall
by law extend the period of occupation thereof by
said company.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose it will be
necessary to fill the blanks there before pass-
ing upon that particular amendment, and that
has been a subject of some consideration by
members of the committee. On inquiry I am
satisfied that the original amount of$l,000,000
and ten per cent, interest upon it would he
repaid in twenty years, but I will move to fill
the blank by inserting "twenty-five," so as
to make twenty-five years the term.
Mr. NYE. I desire to inquire of the chair-
man of the committee how much land this bill
gives to this company?
Mr. FESSENDEN. What the exact amount
in feet is I cannot tell. The Senator knows
where the land is, and knows how much there
is generally, as well as I do. It includes
everything between Ninth street and Seventh
street west and Pennsylvania avenue in front,
running back to the canal.
Mr. NYE. Two entire blocks?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes. I suppose the
property is worth $1,000,000. I do not know
how much it is worth; I only speak from
hearsay.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And this bill gives it to
this corporation ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. For twenty-five years,
as we propose to amend it. The original bill
was drawn so as to give it to them in fee.
Mr. NYE. I do not propose to make any
particular objection to this period of time, but
I propose to have something to say why the
bill should not pass in that shape.
Mr. RICE. Is it in order to name some
other time than that named by the Senator
from Maine ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. RICE. I move to fill the blank by
naming thirty years.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The longest
time is to be put first. The question is on fill-
ing the blank with thirty.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The qnes-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Maine to fill the blank with twenty-five.
Mr. FERRY. The term of twenty-five years
would seem to be the lowest term for which
the corporators in this bill would be expected
to go to the enormous expense. The struc-
tures required by this bill will cause them to
go to an expense of $1,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think inasmuch as
they must spend probably $1,000,000—that is
the amount of stock—twenty-five years is as
short a time as we ought to fix. At the end
of the term the land reverts to the United
States with all the improvements.
Mr. NYE. There is nothing in this bill
which to my mind indicates the character of
the buildings that should be put up, saving and
excepting that portion of it which requires
them to provide accommodations for the mayor
and common council, &c., to keep those in
repair, and to put stalls, &e., so far as they
please with the residue of it.
Mr. FERRY. The fifth section provides fas
that.
Mr. NYE. The fifth section does not pro-
vide what the improvements on this land shall
cost. They propose to make their capital stock
$1,000,000, and I think the Senate will readily
see that theselessees will spend no such amount
of money as $1,000,000 upon that land.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator reads
the fifth section carefully he will see that it
provides for it. I drew it with a view to cover
the whole:
That before any building now upon said land shall
be removed or new buildings erected, apian forsuch
new buildings and for said market, accurately de-
scribing the manner in which said grounds are to be
laid out and occupied, shall be made, and approved
by the president of said company, &c.
Mr. NYE. Now I propose to insert an
amendment there if necessary by saying 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us get through with
this amendment first.
Mr. NYE. It will depend entirely on whether
the amendment that I suggest be adopted
whether the amendment of the committee
should be made, in my judgment, because I
think this company should be compelled to
erect buildings worth $1,000,000, or their lease
should not run the length of time proposed.
That is the very point I make.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are three persons
designated who are to agree upon the plan and
look out for the interests of the city and of the
Government.
Mr. NYE. Yes, there are three persons in-
dicated who are to look to the character of the
buildings erected on this ground, but there is
no provision in the bill that defines the amount
the buildings shall cost. If the honorable
Senator or the committee will make it obliga-
tory upon this company to put on the property
buildings worth $1,000,00b I shall have no
objection then to filling this blank with twenty-
five years, but if they are to put on a set of
buildings that will cost $250,000 I should not
be willing to give them such along lease.- The
honorable chairman of the committee knows
that $250,000 will erect a great many stalls,
such as butchers use over a great surface.
They are not like more delicate work. Butch-
ers' shops are pretty cheap structures gener-
ally everywhere. A quarter of a million of
dollars will cover those two blocks with stalls,
and I presume contracts will be made for less
than that amount.
What I desire is, that if this company is to
have this great franchise, and the whole control
of the market of this great and growing city for
twenty-five years, they shall be obliged to give
back something to the city, so that the struc-
tures, when the twenty-five years shall expire,
shall be worth something equivalent to the value
of the land they have occupied. I should like,
therefore, to have the committee in some way—
the honorable chairman knows better how to
do it than I—define the amount of money they
shall expend on this ground to entitle them to'
this privilege.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
