1808.
OGNGHESSIOFAE ©LOSS.
of the .fathers of .the Constitution ..upon ■ this
feature. We Are all fajnilia,r with them. . W.q
all remember the controversy which arose'upon*
the attempt to introduce that feature into our
system ot government. The dangers which
were predicted then from such a' source are
just as imminent and just as perilous now.
The inevitable resujt tq.liberty is, just as ihev-.
itable now,. Thfe establishment of ..a favored'
class; ending in'the. establishment of a haughty
and recognized aristocracy, is just,as'certainly
dangerous nowas'then. The tendencies of an
as flexible to-day as it was when it wa3, de-
nounced by the debaters on the Constitution.
When at last it was agreed that the judges of
the Supreme Court of the United States should
hold office for life there were nQt wanting those
at that time who regarded the concession as
the only blemish on the fair face of the Con-
stitution.
I shall be answered doubtless that this bill
does not relate to any elective or responsible
officer of the Government, hut only to tho^e
who may be denominated its clerical force, and
therefore as they are not a part of the Gov-
ernment in either of its three divisions, execu-
tive, legislative, or judicial, they are powerless
for harm and impotent for misphief; that none
of the reasons apply tq them which were urged
on the occasion to which I have referred. I
have considered that, and I have read and,con:
sidered all that, the committee have said in
favor of their efficiency and their organization,
but still reply that the objection can be as well
made against them as against any others, and
that the danger to be avoided is as much to be
within their power to propagate as any other.
Sir, I wish to announce it here in irrevocable
terms that I am opposed to all class legisla-
tion in any form and against all perpetuities
of office in a land of liberty. It is the theory
of this Government that all its members shall
be constantly before the people, resigning the
trusts which have been temporarily bestowed
upon them. One and all must lay down their
offices to the constituents who gave them. If
they are approved in their official course, and
are returned to their places, it is well. But
their term of office is short, in order that the
people may have almost immediate redress
from an unsatisfactory or unfaithful servant.
It is the people, sir, who are to govern this
country, and they are to govern according to
the will of the majority of them, whatever that
will may be. When it is oncelawfully expressed
it is paramount and supreme. It may be said
that the people are whimsical, and fly to-day
from what they approached yesterday. It may
be they are unreasonable at times, and remove
an elected officer without cause and with great
injustice. It may be that they are capricious
and adopt the views with acclamations which
they had just rejected with derision. But what-
ever they may be, in the minds of some they are
the governing power, and their fiat is conclu-
sive. It is by having their agents constantly'
before them that their acts may be denounced
or confirmed that the people maintain their
supremacy and enforce their will. This, sir,
is* the theory and the practice of our Govern-
ment. Immediate responsibility we all incur,
and speedy settlements we all must render.
The appointment of subordinates or the nom-
ination's for appointments are just as much a
part of our responsibility as any other which
we have, and a share in those appointments
and the right to become for a time a portion of
the administrative force of the Government is
one of the recognized rights of the people of
which it is proposed by this bill, utterly and
forever, to deprive them.
I do not intend to discuss the justice of the
maxim which has been acted upon in our poli-
tics for so'many years past, that "to the vic-
tors belong_ the spoils.'' That is a mere party
and pecuniary consideration with which I do
not intend to deal in my remarks to-day. The
question involved in this bill rises far above
that, and entirely overshadows all such minor
and petty influences, and I desire to give espe-
cial no tice that J do not oppose this bill because"
it deprives this'party or that party'from sharing
in the emoluments of party successes, but I
oppose it because it assaults the theory of our
Constitution. and destroys the wholesome prac-
tices-of our people. ..
Every Administration is justly held responsi-
ble by the country for the policy it pursues, the
measures which it upholds, and the good or evil
which spring's therefrom. It happens not; unfre-
qnently that. the success or failure of an admin-^
istrative design is caused-hy the. acts, of those
who are intrusted with its execution. AwholS
scheme has often been thwarted by some insig-
nificant subordinate and the fate bf a party has
turnedjupon' an accident.
An incoming Administration has, therefore,
clearly a right to demand that any person who
may be known to harbor hostility to its whole-
some measures ol* enmity to our institutions
shall not be retained in the public service.
The right to demand this rests not alone upon
the necessity of unanimity in all departments
of public service; not alone upon the right of
the officers-elect to chose those agents whom
they may deem to be the best to carry out
their views; not alone upon the principle that
a spy shall not be tolerated in military or civil
pursuits, but upon the broader ground that the
Administration represents the country for the
time being and is the embodiment of the coun-
try's welfare and prosperity, unless it has
proved treacherous to the principles upon which
the people placed it there; and that lier/ho
does not unite in its views is not to be intrusted
with its employment. I recognize this princi-
ple, sir, as a wise and salutary one ; I do not
say I would apply it in all instances, but I in-
sist that the right to apply it shall not be taken
away.
Every gentleman will admit the correctness
of those views when applied to those who fill
the higher and more responsible positions in
our public affairs—the immediate assistants in
the various Departments. It will be immedi-
ately conceded that these persons should have
the same political tone and feeling as their
principals.
But I shall be told that this does not hold good
in the case of the thousand and one. employes
whose duties are of the most fixed and unalter-
able character. It will be seen, sir, that the
bill applies not only to these, but to those;
not only to the messenger, but to the minister;
not only to one, but to all. It includes all
officers whatever in any aud all departments
of the civil service, of every grade, of every
kind, of every shade of responsibility, of every
degree of importance, without any exception
whatever, but postmasters and persons to be
confirmed by the Senate. "
Gentlemen are mistaken who suppose that
no injury can result from the retention in office
of persons who are inimical to the Adminis-
tration—and when I use this word I mean to
include in it all the branches of the Govern-
ment—because such persons hold obscure posi-
tions or are without political influence. There
can be no greater error indulged in. What
was the fact in the first years of rebellion ? It
was notorious, sir, that the majority of the
incumbents of the small offices here were all
secessionists; the confederate flag was wor-
shiped in every nook and corner of the public
buildings; hundreds of fifth- rate clerks sneered
at Abraham Lincoln; and while there was an
atmosphere of patriotism in the White House
and in the heads of Departments there was a
gushing current of treason and a sentiment of
hate which penetrated into all the recesses of
the public service and was felt in every ramifi-
cation of the city. Disloyalty flaunted itself
everywhere so loudly and prominently that if
a foreigner had come into this place he might
have supposed he was in the stronghold of the
South instead of the Capitol of the nation.
"What was the, effect of it? Why, sir, there
was no secret safe from discovery and dis-
closure. There was no campaign planned that
was riot known'and revealed before it was con-
summated. , There was no movement, to be'
made that was hot antieljpated before, ft wa$
begun. They were instantly possessed of out
Cabinet councils, and prepared to avert our
every 'blow. How did they get this inform-
ation ? Those who "were at the head o'f'affairs
were true, and' resorted to' new means of
secrecy every time they were betrayed. But
turn which way they would' they were still
betrayed. "
know now, sir, that theS4 small place-
holders . were the pipes of communication;
these insignificant people who have no p&Iit-
icalinfluence; whocannotaffect.anymeasure.pl
interfere with any legislation; who are swarth-
ing how as thick assunamer flies, swearing thay
were the fiwt men who advocated the election
of, Grant, and who as thfe country increases,
and the public service increases with it will
increase as fast; those were the class who in
1861-62 came near delivering this city into the
hands of the enemy, and almost succeeded at
the time in dealing the death-stroke to "this
country. Wo should learn something by ex-
perience, and the lessons which that rebellion
have taught us are not confined to its military
character.. They extend, or should extend, to
every branch of our legislation.
Suppose this bill had been a law in 186i,
and that all those persons to whpm I haye re-
ferred had been holding office under "it by the
life tenure. What should we have done? How
should we have been rid of them? Bhotlld
we have tried them under the act? Can you
imagine the heads of Departments, holding
courts to hear charges and to try cases of clerks
and employes at that time. If there had been
as many hours in a day as there are minutes,"
and if each head of Department had had the
eyes of Argus, and the arms of Bxiareus,.they
would not have been sufficient for the business.
And what could have been proved against
them 1 In ninety-nine cases out of every hun-
dred you could have proved nothing, at all
against them. If you had proceeded upon
strictly legal evidence you could not have con-
victed one in a thousand. How would you
have indicted the supercilious sneerer or de-
scribed theineffablccontempt? Howwouldyou
have reported the telegraphic glance of the
eye or presented the curl of the nose and the
lip which were the only outward signs of the
traitor, albeit you knew his heart was reeking
with treason. His midnight communication
with the enemy you did not know, nor of his
dispatches in cipher, or signals in colors. The
mode of his correspondence you did not know,
and in many cases you did not even, suspect;
and even if you had suspected ever so strongly
where was your proof to warrant a conviction?
Even if your proof had heen at hand and as
strong as holy writ was there time and oppor-
tunity aud safety to try them on the proofs?'
Had our President and our Departments no
other occupation, then, but to try clerks and
entertain appeals and examine allegations of
error and consider judgments? Where was the
enemy? Wouldhenot "havebeen thunder-
ing at our gates" with something heavier than
a supersedeas 1 Where would the.couutry have
been, sir? I do not know that it is too much
to say that if there had been no summary
power to dismiss and disperse all the treason-
able elements which were in the public service
when the rebellion commenced the struggle for
freedom might have been continued for years,
and the result might have been different to-
day.
I hope that we have seen the last of war. I
trust that this country may never again be
visited with its horrors. I do not like to con-
sider war as a possible contingent upon any
event. Yet it would be criminal weakness in
us all if we did not so shape our lawsfor the
future that they may include the condition of
war as well as peace. Therefore I ask in
what condition would war find us hereafter if^
perchance, the feeling of the governmental
employes were to be arrayed against .the Gov-
ernment as they were in the outset ot the
rebellion ? Think of our situation with'a war
