1216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
tion is on filling the blank in the eleventh sec-
tion -with "twenty-five''' as the number of years.
Mr. NYE. Will it be proper to move an
amendment to this after the blank is filled?
The PKBSIDENTpro tempore. There can
be an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. NYE. I think it will have to be recon-
sidered.
Mr. FERRY. Let us finish the committee's
amendment.
Mr. NYE. I do not want it to be finished
unless it is finished right. That is the reason
I object to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see how it
would be possible or reasonable to say that the
buildings shall cost just so much. It may not
bo necessary to expend the amount, and the
amount of $1,000,000 may not be enough to
accomplish all their purposes. I think if the
fifth section was made a little more definite than
it is it would answer all purposes. For in-
stance, suppose we amend it so as to read:
That before any buildings now upon said land
shall be removed or new buildings erected a plan for
such new buildings and for said market accurately
describing the buildings to be ercctcd and the man-
ner in which said grounds are to bo laid out and
occupied, &e.
Inserting the words "the buildings to he
erected and" after the word "describing" in
the section as it stands. Then you have the
president of the company, the mayor of the
city, and the architect of the Capitol extension
to examine and approve plans. They willknow
what buildings are necessary, and upon what
sort of plan they ought to be constructed.
They are to certify their approval upon the
plan, and it is to be deposited in the office of
the register of deeds. I think that will be
enough protection.
Mr. NYE. That does not quite reach the
point I have in my mind, if the Senator will
bear with me a moment. They may say that
it is not necessary to cover over half of this
ground with buildings, and the persons-desig-
nated, the mayor, the architect of the Capitol
extension, and the president of this company
may approve Of the character of the buildings
that the company propose to put up; but that
does not determine the amount of money to be
expended. You are giving to these persons
property worth $1,000,000 of money to-day, and
more, too, to use for twenty-five years, without
making it obligatory upon them to spend any
adequate amount of money to entitle them to
it or to determine what the structures are to
be worth after they occupy the premises. You
give them this valuable tract, $1,000,000 of
property right in the center of the city, and
propose to allow them to occupy it for twenty-
five years with very little obligation upon them,
it seems to me, to erect upon it any structures
worthy of the location.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate will notice
that the bill provides for buildings on Pennsyl-
vania avenue, of a certain kind and quality, and
that they may be changed by the plan spoken
of. Then they are to furnish a market, and in
the amendment now under consideration it
is provided that "for a non-compliance or
abuse of the conditions herein imposed upon
said company," which may be ascertained by
suit, the lease may be terminated. We thought
with all these provisions, in the first place,
leaving the plan itself both of the buildings and
of the^manner in which the grounds are to be
occupied to be determined upon by three indi-
viduals, having separate interests to look after,
and then for a non-compliance forfeiting the
lease itself at the suit of the United States it
Would be sufficiently protected. I do not know
why you should say that they shall expend
?^aCry-,!-'000,000> or at ^east ^at amount on
the buildings. It may not be necessary to
expend that sum.
Mr. NYE, I,do not require that they shall
expend exactly $1,000,000; but what I would
propose would be that they should expend a
certain sum of money, not less than a given
amount. If it is going to cost $1,000,000, say,
' not less than $1,000,000," to entitle them to
great privilege, I would'not leaveit to any
two or three men to say what buildings they
should put on there, or what they should omit,
and then give them this valuable property for
twenty-five years.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to fill the blank with the
word " twenty-five."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment jiist read by striking out the words
" unless Congress shall by law extend the pe-
riod of occupation thereof by said company."
This is a provision that this property shall revert
at the end of twenty-five years to the United
States unless the United States shall extend
the time. I wish that struck out, so that it will
Stand in the bill as a positive reversion at the
end of twenty-five years. Then, if there shall
be any occasion for an extension, Congress of
its will and pleasure can make it. This clause
is just holding out an invitation to this corpo-
ration, if it be a corporation, to apply for an
indefinite extension of the law from time to
time. I think it ought to be stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no particular
objection to that amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment of the committee was
to add at the end of section twelve the folio wing:
But Congress hereby retains the power to legislate
with regard to said property at any time in such
manner as it may deem expedient and proper.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. There are two names which
Senators this afternoon desired to have stricken
out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before you come to
the names allow me to have some amendments
made.
Mr. FERRY. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A certain fact has come
to my attention since this bill was drawn which
in my judgment renders it necessary to make
certain other amendments, particularly in sec-
tion two. The property on the line of Penn-
sylvania avenue, as described here in the bill,
runs partly across Louisiana avenue. I think
that ought not to be permitted. It would leave
a, little corner which could be occupied by build-
iugs fronting upon Ninth street instead of upon
the avenue. _ 1 move to amend the bill, there-
fore, iu section two, line eight, by striking out
the words " the easterly side of Ninth street
west" and inserting "itsintersection with Louis-
iana avenue then in the ninth line, after the
word "the," by inserting the words "south
line of Louisiana avenue to the;" and then
after the word " west," at the end of the ninth
line, by inserting the words " thence along the
easterly side of Ninth street west." These are
all parts of one amendment in fact, for if you
make the first you will have to make the other
two. The object is to so describe it that it will
notinterferewith Louisiana avenue. 1 ask the
Clerk to read it as it will stand if so amended.
The Chief Clerk. If amended as proposed
that portion of the section will read:
Thence westerly along the southerly side of Penn-
sylvariia aveuue to its intersection with. Louisiana
avenue, thenco southerly along the south line of
Louisiana avenue to the easterlyside of Ninth street
west, thence along: the easterly side of Ninth street
west to the northerly side of the Washington canal.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That Is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have another amend-
ment to offer. In section two, line forty-four,
after the word "shall" I move to strike out
the words "have the right;'7 and as a part of
the same amendment in the forty-seventh line,
after the word 11 occupancy." to strike out the
word "to,-" so that the clause will read:
And the said company shall, whenever any part
or parts of said buildings, stalls, stands, &eM tor mar-
ket purposes are ready for use or occupancy, offer
the same for sale at public auction tor one or more
years to the highest bidder or bidders, &e.
Making it imperative on them to do so.
The amendment was agreed to'.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In section three, line I
eight, I move to strike out all after the word
"open" down to and including the word
" work" in the eleventh line, and to insert what
I send to the Chair. It will be noticed that the
clause now reads:
Said books to be kept open until the whole
amount of said stock shall be subscribed or so much
thereof as a majority of said corporators shall deem
sufficient to authorize the said company to commence
work.
My object in the amendment which I offer
is to allow all the citizens an equal opportunity
to subscribe for the stock.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed to
be inserted, as follows:
I?or the space of three days, during which time all
persons who desire to subscribe for said stock shall
be entitled to do so, and if a greater amount than
SI,000,000 shall be subscribed, the same shall bo as-
signed and divided among the subscribers pro rata,
first awarding to each subscriber for as much as ten
shares the full amount of ten shares, and to each sub-
scriber for less than ten shares the full amount of his
subscription, of which division public notice shall be
given by advertisement in some daily newspaper in
the city of Washington for the space of seven days.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is one verbal
amendment which ought to be made in order
to meet the last amendment. In the fourteenth
line of the same section I move to strike out the
word "subscribed," and to insert the word
" assigned."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will now move, for
the sake of meeting so far as I think necessary
the objection of the honorable Senator from
Nevada, to reconsider section five in order to
make a slight amendment to that.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to insert after
the word "describing," in line four, the
words "the buildings to be erected and;" so
that it will read :
That before any buildings now upon said land
shall be removed, or new buildings erected, a plan
for such new buildings and for said market, accu-
rately describing the buildings to be erecttd and
the manner in which said grounds are to be laid out
and occupied, &c.
Mr. NYE. Allow me to suggest an amend-
ment in lieu of that. It is to insert after the
word "occupied," in the fifth line, the words
"and the character and approximate cost of
said buildings."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the amendment
that I proposed will bo unnecessary. I will
accept that instead of my own.
The PRESIDENTjprofempore. The amend-
ment will be read as modified.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment, in line five, by inserting after
the word "occupied" the words "and the
character and hpproximate cost of said build-
ings; " so that it will read:
Thatbeforeanybuildingsnowupon said land shall
be removed or new buildings erected a plan for such
new buildings and for said market, accurately de-
scribing tho manner in which said grounds are to be
laid out and occupied, and the character and approx-
imate cost of said buildings shall be made, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. NYE. Now I desire to offer an amend-
ment to section eleven. It is to add the fol-
lowing proviso, to which I presume ihere will
be no objection:
Provided, nevertheless, Thatthe term for which the
lease or privilege is herein granted shall in no event
be longer than at the rate of two and a half years
for every $100,000 actually expended in buildings
placed thereon.
This, at the rate of twenty-five years, would
require an expenditure of ยง1,000,000.
Mr. FERBY. I trust no such amendment
as that will be adopted. It merely hampers
the bill and hampers the work which is in con-
templation. It can do no possible good.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that he has received a paper, since
this subject has been before the Senate, in the
nature of a protest, which is represented to be
the proceedings of a numerously attended meet-
ing of the Second Ward Club of the city, which
