40
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November SO,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of t%e Secretary of the Interior.
40th Coxg....3d Sess.
At the date of my last annual report you had
accepted 490 miles of the road and telegraph
line of the Union Pacific Railroad Company,
and the commissioners were then engaged in
the examination of aft additional section of 20
miles. Since thatdate, including said 20 miles,
830 have been accepted. The commissioners
have submitted reports upon four additional
sections, amounting to 100 miles.
By a report from the Government directors,
it appears that the expenses for operating the
road for the year ending September 30, 1868,
were $3,213,565 83. The amount received
from passengers during the same time was
$1,109,501 28, of which $130,239 62 was from
the United States. The amount received from
freight was $3,077,330 81, of which the Gov-
ernment paid $550,759 73.
Early attention was given to the proper inter-
pretation of the acts declaring that the roads to
which the Government subsidies in lands and
bonds were granted should be "first-class."
My immediate predecessor, referring to the
subject in his annual report, stated that he had
invited the directors on the part of the Govern-
ment and the commissioners to meet for the
purpose of determining on a standard of con-
struction and equipment, to which the compa-
nies should be required to conform. Their
report was submitted to the Secretary, and on
February 24, 1866, he directed that it should
"be used by the directors and commissioners
as a guide for their action in directing or accept-
ing the work."
The act of Congress prescribes that the Gov-
ernment directors shall from time to time report
to the Secretary of the Interior in reply to
inquiries he may make of them relative to the
condition, management, and progress of the
work, and shall communicate to him such
information as should be in the possession of
the Department. I therefore, on the 13th of
June last, availed myself of this provision, and
directed Mr. Williams and Mr. Kollins, two of
the Govern ment directors, to examine the com-
pleted portion of the road, and also the regions
west thereof over which the company's surveys
had been made, and to report touching its locar
tion, construction, and equipment, and also the
number and condition of the machine and repair
shops. Mr. Williams is an experienced civil
engineer, and in the absence of Mr. Rollins,
who was unavoidably prevented from accom-
panying him, performed the duty committed to
him in a very satisfactory manner. His reports
presented such statements that I deemed it my
imperative duty, on presenting to you the report
of the commissioners on the twenty-fifth sec-
tion, to invite your attention to the leading
facts he communicated, and to request that the
Attorney General be directed to advise you
whether said report, as to the facts covered by
it, was conclusive upon the Executive ; and if
not, whether upon other satisfactory evidence
that the road was not properly constructed you
could lawfully withhold from the company all
or any part of the lands and bonds to which it
would otherwise be entitled.
You acceded to the request. The Attorney
General examined the acts of Congress, and
the manner in which the executive duty thereby
imposed had been discharged, and furnished
an elaborate opinion upon the questions sub-
mitted. He considered that the duty had,
during your and the preceding adminstration,
been judiciously performed; and as it was the
main policy of those acts to foster and press
on the enterprise, the nature of it required a
distinction to be drawn, in some particulars,
between a provisional and an absolute com-
pleteness of the work. He held that the
standard adopted by the Department properly
recognized the propriety and necessity of an
ultimate revision of the road in order to secure
that absolute completeness which in its early
stages could not berightfully exacted as a condi-
tion precedent to the advances upon each sue-
cesssive section, and added that it was com-
petent for the Executive, by means of further
inquiry from engineers and experts in the con-
struction and management of railroads, to pro-
vide for a revision of the work theretofore
accepted upon the assurances or obligation of
the company to supply as far and. as fast as
might be what was needed to make the road
conform in all respects to the standard, and
that a reasonable amount of securities might be
reserved to enforce the performance of this
obligation of the company.
This Department, on the 25th of September,
represented to you that the time had come for
such revision. Brevet Major General Gouver-
neur K. Warren, United States Army, Jacob
Blickensderfer,jr.,of Ohio, and James Barnes,
of Massachusetts, were appointed commission-
ers for that purpose. The first is an accom-
plished officer of the corps of engineers. The
other gentlemen are civil engineers of large
experience and are reputed to be thoroughly
versed in the science and practice of their pro-
fession.
They were directed to make a thorough per-
sonal examination of the road, and to report
upon its location, construction, and equipment,
and to furnish a proximate estimate of the
amount of expenditure required to render it,
as far as constructed, "equal in all respects to
a fully-completed, first-class railroad." They
were also required to report upon the most
direct, central, and practicable location from
the end of the track to the head of Great Salt
Lake, and the estimated cost of construction
and equipment of the road between the latter
point and the mouth of Weber canon.
The commissioners' report has just been
received. The trust confided to them appears
to have been executed with intelligence aDd
fidelity. A description of the location of the
road is given. The elevation at Omaha is 946
feet above tide-water, and at the head of Great
Salt Lake 4,315 feet. The sum of the ascents
going westward is 12,995 feet, and the conse-
quent sum of the descents is 9,626 feet. They
are of the opinion that the location of the road,
as a whole and in its different parts, is upon
the most direct, central, and practicable route,
but that the line is not in all respects well
adapted to the ground, as there are points
where the full capabilities of the country have
not been developed, and others where, in its
details, the location is radically wrong. This
has been occasioned by a desire to diminish
the cost of work by the introduction of more
and sharper curves than the circumstances re-
quire, although the saving in cost was but
small in comparison to the permanent injury
of the road. The commissioners'are of opin-
ion that the line, as built, should not be per-
manently adopted, and that economy and the
best interests of the road require alterations
and improvements to be made.
The road, when examined, was built 890
miles from Omaha. Its construction, so far as
excavations and embankments were required,
was remarkably easy. From Gmaha to a point
535 miles west there are no rock excavations,
and the natural surface of a great portion of
the intermediate country presents nearly prac-
ticable grades. From the latter point to the
end of the track the work is less than on east-
ern roads of the same length, and the most
difficult parts are light in comparison with
roads in the Alleghany mountains. There is
but one tunnel. It is on the bank of St. Mary's
creek, 230 feet in length.
The road-bed was designed to have embank-
ments fourteen feet wide on top, with the usual
side slopes, depending on the material exca-
vated, and cuts of not less than sixteen feet in
width ot bottom. The higher embankments
are not brought up to the proper standard, and
in some instances the width of the top is less
than the length of the ties. The estimated
cost of bringing the embankment up to full
width is furnished. Instances also occur where
the cuts have not been excavated to the depth
designed. The grades-are consequently higher
than the engineer originally contemplated. In
some cases they reach ninetyfeet per mile, when
easier grades were shown upon the profiles.
The cuts should all be reduced to the depth at
first proposed, in order to secure the proper
ruling grades in those divisions of the road
where they are located. Many of the cross-
ties must be replaced before the track will sus-
tain the traffic that will be thrown upon it on
the opening of the road. The average number
of them is not less than 2,500 per mile.
The track laying has been done as well as
the rapid construction of the road would admit.
The commissioners mention as a deficiency
that on the curves the rails have not been bent
to conform to them. There are portions of the
road where ballasting material is wanting and
can only be supplied by transporting it from
the most accessible points by rail. This is the
case in the valley of the Bitter creek, where
the soil is of an unfavorable character, and
where it would be difficult to sustain a track,
particularly in the season- of fneltifig Snows,
unless supported by ballast. The traok has,
without exception, been laid on the bare road-
way, without the latter having been previously
prepared to receive it. ■ A3 a consequence,
except where the embankments were built of
gravel or other good material, the track is with-
out ballast, the surfacing having been done by
throwing up the necessary material for that
purpose from the sides of the embankments
themselves.
The bridging on the line consists of stone
culverts, girders, and truss bridges, and many
varieties of truss and pile bridges. Between
Omaha and the end of the track the total
number of structures deemed permanent is
250, consisting of one iron truss-bridge, seven
Howe truss-bridges, constructed of wood and
iron, and 242 stone box and arch culverts and
short girder bridges with stone abutments.
The temporary structures consist of pile and
trestle bridges, of which there are 153, each
less than 25 feet long, 322, varying in length
from 25 to 50 feet, and 219, each over 50 feet
long, the total number being 694, and the
aggregate length, 43,717 feet, or nearly eight
miles. Of these 694 structures, 34 over the
principal streams are to be replaced by Howe
truss-bridges, erected on permanent stoneabut-
ments and piers. These will require 70 abut-
ments, 26 piers, and 8,450 lineal feet of Howe
truss in spans, respectively, of 100 and 150
feet. In some cases the foundations for per-
manent pier and abutment masonry, erected
or in course of construction, were not placed
at a proper depth. The remaining 660 trestle
and pile bridges, after providing for those over
the principal streams, must be replaced by box
culverts, arches, or stone abutments, with gird-
ers or trusses of short spans.
The rolling stock of the road consists of 117
locomotives, 19 first-class and eight second-
class passenger ears, 15 baggage, 442 box,
1,227 flat, 43 coal, and 72 caboose cars, besides
hand and other cars suited to special purposes.
The locomotives are well constructed, and the
number on hand probably sufficient for the
present wants: of the road. An additional
number will be required for that part of the
road when tWline is open for threugh traffic.
The cars are equal to those on the best roads,
and the accommodations for the care, main-
tenance. and repair of the rolling stock are
now sufficient to meet current demands, but
must be enlarged from time to time to meet the
increasing necessities of the road.
The commissioners submit the following esti-
mate of expenditure which will be required to
render the first,890 miles of the road equal to
a fully completed first-class railroad. No
allowances are made for work in progress, or
materials and equipments ordered or reported
