264
C.QK&EESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
'upon out bands and the entire working force
of"the Government clothed with office for life,
and disaffected. The knot would have to be
cut by the sword. Military law would be ap-
plied. Martial law, courts-martial and com-
missions, arbitrary dismissal?, and all the
necessary train of evils which always fall upon
a land unprepared for war, would be felt.
It is stated in the report of Mr. Jenc^es,
chairman, that this system has worked well in
other Governments, in attaching the employes
to the Government, and in preventing them
from becoming dangerous to the country. I
presume as much .will be, claimed for this bill.
1 can readily understand how it would occur in
a monarchy like France or England or Prussia.
Bread riots and barricades are not got up by
■(yell fgei officials and sleek flunkeys.
The desperate wretch who rushes to revolu-
tion for food becomes a very different man
when appointed for life to a good place. We
have no such classifications of society here now
as they have there, although if this bill be-
comes a law we soon will have. We have no
king nor nobles nor titles. We have no such
extremes of wealth and poverty. He who is
of the Government there has not only a posi-
tion for life, but his posterity succeed to it.
His position brings not only sustenance, but
social distinction. He becomes one of the
governing class, no matter how humble. His
interests are with the monarchy, and removed
from the people. He is no longer of the peo-
ple, even though lie came of them originally.
He has risen above them in his own sphere,
whatever that may be. He is not responsible
to the people, for the people have no voice in
his affairs. If he loses his place by revolution
or otherwise ho is thrown back again into the
great seething mass of humanity whose only
knowledge of life is its toil; whose ever en-
during and recurring struggle in life is for
bread, and whose only consolation at the close
of life is the rest afforded by the grave.
How was it with those who were here at the
outset of tho rebellion? For the most part
tliey were clerks who had held their places for
many years. They were resident here; many
had property here. They belonged to the old
Democratic party and to tha southern wing
of that party. They were of the assured aris-
tocratic class who believed that they were
better than all others and that, office was cre-
ated for them to fill. They had them for long
periods. Practically speaking, they held by a
life tenure. Many instances are remembered
where they had held from boyhood t.o old age.
Did all this make th«m loyal or prevent them
from being actually disloyal? Not at all. The
very principle which underlies this bill oper-
ated with them and influenced them. Their
long tenure of office engendered and swelled
their pride; they looked with disdain upon the
new men who came here to oust them from
their places. They believed it was their ex-
clusive right to hold office and the people had
no right to elect any other to hold it. They
were not in need of bread, and did not need to
cling to the Government for sustenance; but
in_ one respect they had the feeling of their
aristocratic compatriots across the water. They
did not like the vulgar people, as they termed
them, who had voted them out of place; they
■were not of those people, and had no sympa-
thies in common with them. They had a caste
of their own, and they adhered to it scrupu-
lously.
\V hy did these people go off from their Gov-
ernment, sir, if long tenure of office serves to
draw incumbents to it? They had everything:
office, money, property, social position, aris-
tocratic habits and ideas, recognition, birth,
and intelligence. They went off, sir, because
they said a principle of government was in-
volved—a principle. That is something, sir,
that the incumbent in Europe is never allowed
to have and never will have, a principle at
stake in the form of government. He-does
not have a ballot. He does not help to make
or unmake the Government every four years,
and therefore he cannot have a question of
principle between himself and his king; and
you way rest assured that whenever an Amer-
ican believes a principle is concerned the
mere matter of office will not be sufficient to
induce him to forego it. He is human neverthe-
less, and as liable to err in office, and unmind-
ful of the duties of his office, as any of the
office-holding family in the world. What then?
If he holds for life, then that occurs which ia
not contemplated in our theory of administra-
tion, namely, a person is holding a position
under this Government who is not responsible
to the people; who cannot be touched by any
other officer of this Government, however ex-
alted; who is not affected by any change of
admlnistratioh, however he may view it. A
person who although he may have been origin-
ally of the people and from the people, yet
soon will become by the immunity which he
enjoys, by the security of his place, by the
hardening of long continued position, removed
from the people, with but few feelings in com-
mon with them, and at last to have an Utter
disregard and contempt for them. For these
reasons I say that this bill does not accord
with the spirit of our Government nor the
practice under it. I say it is opposed to the
genius of our institutions and the policy of our
nation.
But, sir, we are told by the resolution of in-
quiry and the report of the committee that
" the public service has been used as an instru-
ment of political and party patronage," and
that this bill is necessary to prevent that evil
in the future. I propose to examine it, sir, in
that light, to see if it sustains this promise of
its author, or whether, upon the contrary, it is
not in itself one of the most, bold and potent
schemes for prostituting the public service by
patronage that ever was presented by an
American Congress.
I know that many " errors have crept into
the service of the State." I am aware that !
many departments of the Government have
suffered and are now suffering from incom-
petent and dishonest officials of every station
and degree, and I would gladly vote for some
proper measure by which all this can be rem-
edied. But when I read this bill and see to
what it will bring the country, and what will
be its effects upon tho liberties of the people
and their rights of election and representation,
I say it is better to
"Bear those ills wo have
Than fly to others that we know not of."
I disclaim all intention of reflecting upon the
motives of any one concerned in the prepara-
tion of this act, but I cannot refrain from de-
nouncing it as a scheme whereby this country
would soon be brought to the condition of those
monarchies from which the forms of the bill
have been borrowed.
I propose to examine the details of the bill
and to show what would be the operations of it
when once it is enforced. It provides that a
new executive department shall be created;
that the Vice President shall be the head of it;
that a board of commissioners shall be ap-
pointed, who shall have power to make rules
and ordainexaminationsunderthem, todivide
the courftry into districts, and to delegate all
their powers to other parties. It further pro-
vides that all persons who may hereafter desire
to be employed in the civil service of the Gov-
ernment in any capacity whatever shall be
obliged to submit themselves for examination
as to their qualifications, after paying a fee, to
this board of examiners or some deputy thereof.
The appointments shall be made from the
list of those who prove themselves to be the
best qualified, and when once appointed they
are to hold their appointments for life, upon
good behavior. Every branch of the service
is to be divided into grades, and every incum-
bent is to' be promoted from the lower grades
whenever a vacancy occurs. A list is to be
kept of all applicants, and as vacancies occur
from any cause they are to be filled by the ap-
plicants who are awaiting their turn.
The " board " is to provide for a species of
court-martial or commission to try, adjudge,
and punish all offenders. The decision of the
board is final as tq applications. There is do
power of appeal or review. The President,
Senate,' or head of any Department may not
only require all applicants in the future to sub-
mit themselves to this boaid, but may order
all present incumbents to appear before it and
abide by' their decision, females as well as
males. This- is assimilating the civil service to
the military service of the Government. This
is engfafting all the discipline, the rigidity, the
severity of the Army upon the civil branch. It
is concentrating all the power into the hands
of one man, namely, the Vice President of the
United States. Whether he would use the
power judiciously and disinterestedly is not
now to be known; but certain it is, that if you
desire to keep public patronage out of party
politics the power of appointment must not all
be centered in one man.
Is it not palpable that if he so desired to use
his power of appointment the Vice President
could make himself the President spite of all
opposition and beyond all the efforts of the
people? The organization of office-holders
which he could make would be so firm and
invincible that the will of the people could
never be expressed or executed. And the
immense number of persons now employed and
to be employed, who cause, the report says, the
patronage to be a political evil, would only
make him the more compact. If it is an evil
in its present shape how much more would it
be an evil in such a shape? Who would be
the fountain head of all power of promotion?
The Vice President. Who would be the arbi-
ter to whom they would look in the last resort?
The Vice President. Who would be their bene-
factor? The Vice President. To whom would
their gratitude be due? The Vice President.
Whose interests would they desire to serve and
to whom show their gratitude? The VicePresi-
dent. Who would command that vast army of
civilians whose numbers would be greater than
the peace list of the regular Army ? The Vice
President. He might be a man who was so
void of ambition as not to use.his power; he
might be so regardless of exaited station as
not to attempt to' gain it; he might be so'
virtuous that all his influence would be for his
country's good; he might be so conscientious
as never to know favor or affection; he might
be a paragon in public life or he might not be;
and I never will consent to place the whole
liberties of the people in the hollow of his
hand, be he who he may.
In every Department, from its head down to
the usher at the door, he would have con-
trol. At every desk, in every book, on every
page, from the scribe to the sweeper of the
floor, his name would appear on their certifi-
cate of examination. Every man, woman,
and child who make up that long and some-
times sad procession which issues out in defile
day after day from all the places of labor when
the closing hour has come will recognize him,
as their benefactor. Every aspirant who seeks
preferment, and every expectant who hopes for
increased salary, will seek to conciliate him. .
Every candidate who has been accepted on the-
roll, and who is waiting for a vacancy, or whose
friends desire to have a vacancy made, will
supplicate him. His influence will be confined
to no one State or bounded by any Territory
short of our whole country. Every man in
every custom-house, in every collection dis-
trict, every county and precinct; the whole
catalogue of revenue officers, subordinates in
every post office, clerks of every kind and
name, employes of every variety of occupation,
from the surveyor'schainman, who on the west-
ernmost prairie braves the Indian bullet while
he performs his task, to the civet-scented dandy
who lolls on velvet cushions and treads on tap-
estry carpets in the inner bureaus of Wash-
ington—all these, and others not enumerated,
" whose name is legion,"—all, all will know
him to be the roan to whom to look, whom to-
honor.
Am I to be told that when once appointed,
they aro.independent for life, aud that their life
