1869.
■ C QN GRESSIQK. AIf G&OBl.
tenure is given in order that they may be,made
regardless of just such influences. I have been ;
in politics too long, and have been too long
aware of the resources of party taetiqs' to be
silenced by any such belief. There must be
some power lodged somewhere in somebody to
remove them forgood cause and upon trial, or
else the bill would not have been listened to
with common courtesy, so great would have
been the indignation of this House at such a
proposition. Well, then, so long as complaint
can be made and a trial had and a dismissal
procured, just so long there will not be wanting
the old story of contrivances, of influences, of
solicitations, and of machinery whereby one
may be put out and another may be put in.
Remember the Vice President is the President
of the board. The board has the rightto define
what is misconduct in office by its rules and
regulations. Was there never an instance
where a rule was made to meet a particular case
or strained to accomplish a particular purpose ?
This board has the right to '"establish a rule
by which any person exhibiting particular'
meri{. may be advanced one or more points in
their grades." Did it never happen that the
particular merit was particular influence, and
that the advancement was from the lowest to
the highest at one jump ? " One fourth of the
promotions may be made on account of merit
irrespective of seniority in service." Was it
never the case that a stripling was promoted
"on account of merit" over a veteran whose
merits probably were not of a peculiar kind ?
"Or by advancement for meritorious service
and special fitness." If we should search his-
tory would we not be able to find mention of
those whose special fitness and meritorious ser-
vice were more apparent to those who wanted
to use them than to the world at large?
Nay, sir, if my memory serves me aright, I
have heard—though I confess I do not believe
the tale—that in the late war there were officers
in the Army, both regular and volunteer, who
were advanced one or more points in spite of the
rules and regulations of promotion; that there
were military boards and examining boards with
power of dismissing incompetents, who made
special examinations, and discovered merit
whichdeservedpromotion irrespective ofsenior-
ity in service, and found special fitness for a
particular branch of the service where it had
been before presumed there was only particu-
lar unfitness for any branch of the service; in
fact, I believe I have heard that spite of all
boards and all rules, notwithstanding thpre was
no seaiority, notwithstanding there was a total
lack of merit, and a total want of fitness there
were generals made who never smelt more
powder than that in a Fourth of July_ fire-
cracker, and officers in every grade, who not
only never had a command or filled a line of
duty, but did not know the import of the
words. But of coarse those persons only mean
to be facetious who say there were clerks in
the War Department breveted to high rank for
gallant charges upon a column of—figures—
and repelling the advances of those ignorant
and impertinent soldiers who, having been
maimed and scarred in many battles, pre-
sumed to besiege the office to ask a slight
promotion or favor.
Seriously, sir, the more the details of this
bill are examined the more evident it will be
that the act unintentionally, and from its very
nature, clothes the Vice President of the
United States with a power which might be
used in unworthy hands to the fatal injury of
the Government. Its objectionable character
is not redeemed by a single desirable trait.
Admitting that the Vice President was strictly
faithful and conscientious in his administration
of the bureau; even admitting the board were
beyond all personal partisanship or bias, and
uninfluenced by any but proper motives; even
admitting that the operations of the act would
insure a more faithful, intelligent, and effica-
cious class of employes, and the business of
the Government would be transacted in a more
scrupulous, orderly, and economical manner,
and that there would be no want of harmony,
no jealousy, no false reports or unmerited,pro-
motions in the service; say thai it-work as well
as its most sanguine advocate can claim for it;
admit that party patronage is no longer left
with elected officials and can no longer be used
" as a means of influencing politics," and^still,
sir, there is an objection yet remains, which is
greater than any I have named. That objec-
tion is that the system begets a caste in this
country. There is' the favored class. There
is the aristocratic tendency which ineritably
comes of class, antl which inevitably etids in
centralization.
I have adverted to this incidentally before,
when it fell in with another topic. But I wish
now to call the most earnest attention of the
House to that which stares us in the face.
This bill is the opening Wedge to an aristocracy
in this country. It is first to be created by
law, and then to maintain itself by its owu
power, which will increase from day to day
until finally it will become irresistible. I say
this deliberately, and after giving the bill the
most careful attention. It will lead us to the
point where there will be two national schools
in this country—one for the military and the
other for civil education. Those schools will
monopolize all avenues of approach to the
Government. Unless a man can pass one or
the other of those schools and be enrolled
upon their lists he cannot receive employment
under this Government, no matter how great
may be his capacity, how indisputable may be
his qualifications. When once he does pass
his school and fixes himself for life his next
care will be to get his children there also. In
these schools the scholars will soon come to
believe that they-are the only persons qualified
to administer the Government, and soon come
to resolve that the Government shall be admin-
istered by them and by none others.
Combinations will come. They may be at
first nothing more than unity of feeling and
purpose, which comes of simple association.
It will be possibly only the feeling which the
man of the world has for his Alma Mater. It
may not take shape or purpose until some
favorite candidate brings it together. Then it
will learn its strength; afterward it will use
its strength, and soon its strength will be so
great as to overcome all organized opposition.
The two schools will combine, for they will
have sentiments, hopes, and ambitions alike.
Their tone, habits, aud manner, will soon be
distinctive. It will stamp itself upon society.
It will arrogate to itself to be the "cream of
the cream" of society. It will assume foreign
airs, and shoddy will ape it and them. It, will
toady to titles and long for them, and if not
swept away too soon will have t.hem.^
Let any man stand in the great cities of the
East and see how, with our boasted wealth
and refinement, we have imported European
vices and monarchical customs. Lookat the
liveried servants, the emblazoned equipages,
the coats of arms, and crests of heraldry •
pages, tigers, outriders. That which is foreign
is fashionable, and that which is fashionable
is baleful and demoralizing. Who will not
say that this moment titles and all the para-
phernalia of royalty would not be hailed by
these ? Alas! for the days of republican sim-
plicity. If the essential differences which pre-
vail between our form of government and
those of Europe were remembered it would
be seen that the same reasons which make
this system a good one there make it a bad
one here. In this country every man has a
political opinion and a vote. The vote of the
poorest and humblest man counts as much as
that of the richest and most distinguished.
Every man is interested in politics and uses
his political influence whether or not he' be em-
ployed in the service of the Government There
is no man in office, no matter how high, who
is beyond the reach of the vote cast by one,
no matter how low. There is no measure of
State policy which may not be changed by a
single vote. Every man here is a part ot the
Government. If he disagrees with the ad-
ministration of the Government his vote will
assist to change it. There is no class, save
United States judges, not amenable to, his
censure or not removable by hi? vote.
By the .fluctuations of opinion parties and
their adherents are constantly given and con-
stantly stripped of office, and he who to-day
might have felt himself above his fellow, by
reasonof his place, and have assumed superi-
ority upon that account, to-morrow is thrown
again into the pursuits of private li fe, and
thus realizes that he is no better than another.
Sow is it in other countries? The king or
queen is not to be reached by any voter, nor
can the existing Government be ever changed,
no matter how oppressive, unless by violence
and arms. There but few have a voice in th.e
administration* and these few are of the privi-
leged class. Tbey are of the higher orders.
But even they can only effect a change of cer-
tain measures. The great business of the
Government goes in spite of them aud spite
of any particular changes which they may have
accomplished. These higher classes are edu-
cated for the special purpose of being poli-.
ticians. The lower people have no such edu-
cation. They are kept in careful ignorance
of these first principles of legislation known
to every boy here. No man of the lower
classes can hope there to become a part of the
Government by the simple rotation ill office.
The ins are always in; the outs are forever
out. Consequently the classes are wide apart.
When the sons in a higher family determine
their pursuits it is always with reference to the
Government service in some branch or another.
One goes into the army, another the navy ;
one to the church, another is attached to a
foreign embassy, another to the home depart-
ment. In England and France professional
pursuits are now added to the list; but these,
if not considered a step downward, are a step
off. It is getting out of the State. ^ • ,
How is it with the other classes? The soiis
of a successful merchant prince may go into
the learned professions; that is a step upward.
But they can no more say " we will gointft the
State" than they can clasp the moon. 'Nor
can they step over the social line to those who
are already of the State. How is it with the
lower classes ? If they can attain to that point
where the wolf is no longer at the door, where
conscription no longer threatens, they have
come to their highest goal. _ They have no
thought of the State nor vote in it. They arc
taxed and governed. If they can pay the tax
the Government is good. When, therefore, a
system is adopted which opens the door to the
peasant as well as to the rich commoner and
younger sons of nobility,^ and whieh adopts
them all into the service of the State according
to their respective merits and makes them part
of the State, and guaranties them office for life
or good behavior and sure promotion for faith-
ful service; which allows them to step over the
line and to be of the select; which removes
them from all thought of revolution and makes
them a privileged class, it is not strange that
such a system should make such men loyal to
theirking. Every promotion draws them nearer
to the State, and the nearer they are to the
State the further they are from the people. _ ,
This is a new danger to the country, and it
comes not with the bold front of revolution,
but with the pleasing show of reform. _ It ap-
peals to our protection with a special plea,
now that the finances of the country are suf-
fering from the shock of war. It invokes our
patriotism by declaring itself for the purifica-
tion of party and the just disposition of the
nation's patronage. The disguise is thin, and
he who looks beneath may see the true linea-
ments of a monster which will destroy us all.
When the blasts of war blew in our ears the
country sprang to arms. When the glittering
ranks of rebellion stood before us we knew the
country was in danger, and we saw the loe we
had to meet. The danger was open, palpable,
and undisguised. There was no mistaking toe
import of that fearful sign. For years the con-
flict raged, but the cause of liberty prevailed
. at last. Thousands upon thousands of oar
