1220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Mr. BECK. I object to the printing.
The SPEAKER. This is a general bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let it be reported.
The bill was accordingly reported. It pro-
poses to relieve all American citizens from all
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment, the act to take effect
from and after its passage.
The motion to print was disagreed to ; and
the bill was referred to the Committee on Re-
construction.
PAY OF ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I have been requested
by an officer of the Army to introduce a bill
(H. R. No. 1979) to increase the pay of the
officers of the Army of the United States in a
graduated scale. I introduce it without com-
mitting myself in favor of it. I move its ref-
erence to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
PAY OF FEMALE CLERKS.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, introduced a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 454) concerning the
compensation of women employed in the several
Executive Departments; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved its refer-
ence to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BROOKS. I suggest it should go to the
Committee on Appropriations.
The SPEAKER. The question on referring
it to a standing committee has priority.
The question being put on referring the joint
resolution to the Committee on the Judiciary,
there were—ayes 00, noes 23 ; no quorum
voting.
Mr. BROOKS. I think the Committee on
Appropriations is the more appropriate one.
Mr. CULLOM. Let the resolution be read.
The joint resolution was accordingly read.
It provides that women employed in the sev-
eral Departments shall receive the same com-
pensation as men when they perform the same
or equivalent service for the Government.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I have.no
objection to referring it to the Committee on
Appropriations.
The joint resolution was accordingly so
referred.
RAILROADS IN TENNESSEE.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, presented a
memorial of the State of Tennessee in regard
to the East Tennessee and Virginia and East
Tennessee and Georgia railroads; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims, and or-
dered to be printed in the Globe, as follows:
To the Senate and House of Itepreientativea of the Con-
ores* of the United States :
The Stat© of Tennessee, by J. D. Johnson, special
commissioner for said State, duly appointed by Wil-
liam G. Brownlow, Governor, and who is "authorized
to proceed to Washington and to present, adjust, and
settle the claim of said State against the United
States" for the valuo of the iron rails, chairs, spikes.
See., removed from the track of the Winchester and
Alabama railroad, in said State, in the year 18(3-, and
appropriated to the use of the United State3 by the
military authority thereof, respoctfully submits the
following statement of facts in support of said claim,
to which the attention of Congress is invited:
The act of the Legislature of Tennessee of the 11th
of February, 1852, established a system of internal
improvements in said State. Under this act aid was
extended to various railroads, and by subsequent
acts to all other roads in the State.
By reference to the third and fourth sections of the
act of 1852 the State creates and reserves alien upon
each road for the amount of bonds of the State issued
to each road, and for all interest which may accrue
on said bonds, in the following words, namely: "And
when the whole of said road shall be completed the
State of Tennessee shall bo invested with a lien,
without a deed from the company, upon the entire
road, including the stock, right of way, iron, rails,
spikes, chairs, and the whole superstructure and
equipments, and all the property owned by the com-
pany as inoiacnt to or necessary for its business, and
all repots and stations, for the payment of all said
bonds issued to the company, as provided in this act,
and for the interest accruing on said bonds."
i tie concluding clause of said fourth section pro-
vides that die State lien "shall have priority over
nil other claims existing or to existasainst said com- !!
parv, ___ 11
When tho United States armies took possession of if
thoTennessoe roads they might be divided into two '
classes; farsfc, those that had complied with the law
of February 11,1852, by paying the interest on bonds
of the State issued to the roads; -and second, the
roads that had failed to pay the interest, and which
roads passed into the possession and control of the
State, under the fifth section of the act of the 11th
February, 1852.
Only two roads in Tennessee at that time belonged
to the secondelass, to wit, Winchester and Alabama,
and the Edgefield and Kentucky railroad, all other
roads having paid the interestdue on the State bonds
loaned.
Prior to the occupation of Tennessee by United
States troops, in fact, prior to the war, said Winches-
ter and Alabama railroad had been taken possession
of by the said State, and was under the control and
management of the State, or of tho receiver, as the
agent of the State.
As before stated, the military authority of the
United States took possession of this road and the
entire property of the road, including the iron rails,
chairs, and spikes on thirty-nine miles of track, all
of which was removed by and appropriated to the
use of the United States Government. At the date
of said appropriation, by the third section of the act
of the 11th February, 1852, not only the capital stock
but the entire property of said company had vested
in and belonged to said State. Said road is still in
the possession of the State.
It must be remembered that by the provisions of
said act of 1852 the absolute legal title to the whole
of said road passed to the State, subject, however, to
redemption, which is not possible.
In order to enable the company to construct said
road originally the State advanced an amount of her
bonds necessary to purchase the iron rails, chairs,
and spikes; and to reconstruct and place said road
in running order said State has again appropriated
the necessary amount of bonds to purchase the iron
rails already laid down as well as that which is re-
quired to complete the entire road. The State has
not only done this, but has also incurred the expense
of regrading the track and of purchasing the cross-
ties, equipments, &c.
Although said road was forfeited and belonged to
the State before the war, and was in the actual pos-
session of the State, in order to show more clearly,
if need be, that said company has no interest in the
claim herein set up, attention is invited to tho an-
nexed resolution adopted at a meeting of the board
of directors of the Winchester and Alabama Bail-
road Company on the 11th of January, 1868.
The State of Tennessee, therefore, insists that the
United States is indebted to her to the extent of the
amount which the State has expended in reconstruct-
ing said road which has been completed and is now
in running order, or for the value of tho iron, chairs,
spikes, cross-ties, and property removed from and
destroyed on said road by the military authority of
the United States, and respectfully asks that an
appropriation maybe made by Congress sufficient to
reimburse the State for the amount expended in
reconstruction, or that an appropriation shall be
made equal to the value of the iron rails, chairs, and
spikes removed from said road, and forthe cross-ties
and property used or destroyed as aforesaid.
To this end, and that Congress may have all the
facts before it, said commissioner, in behalf of said
State, respectfully requests the appointment of a
committee with power to send for persons and pa-
pers, and authorized to investigate and report upon
all the facts connected with the subject-matter of
this memorial.
J. D. JOHNSON,
Commissioner.
Office Winchester and Alabama
Railroad Company,
Winchester, Tennessee, January 11,18(38.
At a meeting of the board of directors of this com-
pany held at Salem, Tennessee, on 9th instant,
On motion, it was
Jlcsohed, That the claim of this company against
the United States Government for damages to the
road bo transferred to the State of Tennessee, in con-
sideration of the aid received from the State, the
means when received from the Government to be
used in thepurchase of Tennessee sixper cent, bonds
at their market value, to be applied to the credit of
this company with the State; and therefore the res-
olution of the board appointing D. E. Davenport a
commissioner to act in conjunction with Hon. J. D.
Johnson, the Slate commissioner, be, and the same
is hereby, rescinded.
JOIIN TRIZZELL,
Secretary.
Joint resolution No. 1.
Whereas the State of Tennesseehasinvestedin the
East Tennessee and Viiginia and East Tennessee
and Georgia Rnilroad Companies over four million
dollars; and whereas when the military authorities
turned over these roads to their owners the compa-
nies were compelled to purchase largely of the roll-
ing-stock and fixtures, thus incurring large debts;
and whereas the Government is pressing the collec-
tion of these debts, notifying the companies of its in-
tention to take possession of the roads; and whereas
the companies claim that after all just credits are
uivcn for the use of these roads by the Government,
ihat but little, if anything, will be owing the Gov-
ernment: Therefore,
Bp it resolved by the General Assembly of the Sfate of
Tennessee, That the Governor be, and is hereby, au-
thoi ized to appoint a commissioner on behalf of the
Stat.4 to proceed at once to Washington with books
and ^eeo.mts to act in connection with two other
•"ommisoioners appointed by Presidents Brainier and
Oiilhsway, and effect a final settlement.
Be it further resolved, That the commissioner on
the part of the State be allowed a fair compensation
for his services, to be approved by the Governor, and
that the comptroller issue his warrant for tho same,
after said services have been rendered; Provided,
That the Governor shall have power to appoint sim-
ilar commissioners for other roads when, in his judg-
ment, it is necessary: And, provided farther, That the
expense of said commissioner shall be paid by said
roads.
Adopted November 20, 1866.
WILLIAM HEISKILL,
  Speaker of the House of lienrezentatives,
JOSHUA B. FKIERSON,
Speaker of the Senate.
I, Andrew J. Fletcher, Secretary of the State of
Tennessee, do certify that the foregoing is a copy of
a joint resolution of the General Assembly of the
State of Tennessee, the original of which is now on
file in my office.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto subscribed
my official signature, and by the order of the
Governor affixed the great seal of the State
[l. s.] of Tennessee, at the department, in the city
of Nashville, this 15th day of December, A.
D-1863- A. J. ELETCHEB,,
Secretary of iSuile.
State of Tennessee.
To all i&ho shall see these presents, greeting:
I, W. G. Brownlow, Governor of the State of Ten-
nessee, do hereby appoint and commission Jesse D.
Johnson, of Marshall county, a commissioner on the
part of the State to proceed to Washington to settle
the claims of the Winchester and Alabama Kailroad
Company, with all the powers, privileges, and emol-
uments authorized by law under the accompanying
joint resolution No. 1. He will at once enter upon
the discharge of his duties as representative of tho
interests of the State of Tennessee in said settlement.
In testimony whereofl, W. 6. Brownlow, Governor
as aforesaid, have hereunto set my hand and
rT q -i caused the groat seal of State to be affixed at
1 J the department in Nashville, on this 15th day
of December, j
By the Governor:
W, G. BROWNLOW.
A. J. FLETCHER,
Secretary of State,
SALE OF SURPLUS COIN.
Mr. NIBLACK introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 455) directing the Secretary
of the Treasury to sell $30,000,000 of the sur-
plus coin now in the Treasury of the Unite.*!
States; which was read a firstand second time,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. BROMWELL introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 456) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
concerning the electoral votes for President
and Vice President; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
DONATION TO FLORIDA.
Mr. HAMILTON presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Florida,
asking,Congress to donate certain houses and
lots, public property, in St. Augustine to the
State of Florida for educational purposes ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
RAILROADS IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, introduced
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 457) extending
the time to construct a railroad from St. Croix
lake to Lake Superior and granting lands to
the Western Wisconsin Railroad Company ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
GREAT AND LITTLE OSAGES.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, presented con-
current resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Kansas, protesting against the ratifi-
cation of the treaty with the Ureat and Little
Osage tribes of Indians by the Senate of the
United States unless the sixteenth and thirty-
sixth sections of land in each township shall
be appropriated to the State of Kansas for tho
support of common schools and the balance
of the lands opened to the operations of the
homestead and preemption laws ; which were
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
CHEROKEE NEUTRAL LANDS.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, also presented
concurrent resolutions of the Legislature of the
