44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 17,
SajfAtE.
National Debt—Mr. Dixon.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
were originally fixed, as compared with, that
which it bore in December, 1852, when his
report was submitted, he expressed the opin-
ion that $6,000 at the latter date was not
worth much more than $3,000 at the former.
The cost of rent, provisions, fuel, and other
necessaries of life in this city, had then risen
to such a degree that the most rigid economy
was required to enable those officers to live
within their incomes, and he declared that, as
far as his observation extended, few of them
had been able to do so.
His remarks in this connection present the
facts and my own views in so striking a light
that I deem it proper to incorporate them in
this paper:
"Upon every change of Administration, or in cases
of the death or resignation of members of the Cab-
inet, their successors, often fromremote parts of the
country, find themselves embarrassed in obtaining,
even at an exorbitant price, a suitable residence for
themselves and their families. They are then com-
pelled to expend at least one year's salary in furnish-
ing their establishment, and are consequently obliged
to draw upon their private resources for the means
of subsistence. Much of their time and attention is
occupied by these domestic concerns which might
be more profitably devoted to the public interests.
At the close of their terms they are forced to dispose
of their houshold effects at a ruinous sacrifice, and
return to tbeir homes impoveiished in fortune, and
with the ungracious reflection that while they de-
voted their time and talents to the public service
their country has refused them even the means of
support.
" It may be said in reply, that there is no obliga-
tion on any one to accept those positions, and if they
do so they must abide by the consequences of their
own acts. In one sense this is true. There is no
legal obligation on any one to accept an official posi-
tion, but there is a high moral and patriotic obliga-
tion on every citizen to contribute his service to his
country when it may be required; and there is a
reciprocal obligation on the country not to allow
him to suifer in his private fortune by that service."
Congress did not accede to his recommend-
ation ; they, however, passed the act of March
3, 1853, which increased the salary of the Vice
President from $5,000, prescribed by the act
of September 24, 1789, to $8,000, and gave to
the members of the Cabinet the same amount.
The addition thus made was estimated to be
sufficient for house rent. No increase ha3
been voted since, notwithstanding the constant
appreciation of labor, rent, and every article
of consumption. My observation and expe-
rience enable me to affirm, with unhesitating
confidence, that the income of the office will
not equal the outlay if the incumbent lives in
a style at all compatible with the proprieties
of his position and the relations which a decent
regard to the just claims of society compels
him to maintain. "The high offices of the
country should be open to the poor as well as
to the rich; but the practical effect of the
present rate of compensation will soon be to
exclude from the executive councils all who
have not ample resources independently of
their official salaries."
Several of the annual reports of this Depart-
ment refer to the compensation of the judi-
ciary. One of the most thoughtful writers of
the last century remarks that the administra-
tion of justice seems to be the leading object
of institutions of government; that Legislatures
assemble; that armies are embodied, and both
war and peace made with a sort of reference to
the proper administration of laws and the judi-
cial protection of private rights. While this is
emphatically true in every free country, the
judicial department of the United States is
charged, also, with other duties, and its power
extends to all cases arising under the Constitu-
tion and the acts of Congress. The guardian-
ship of the fundamental law has been thus
confided to it. The Supreme Court decides,
in the last resort, questions involving the con-
stitutional authority of the Federal Govern-
ment and its various departments, as well as
the reserved powers of the several States, and
the consistency of their legislation with the
Constitution and laws of Congress. No foreign
tribunal possesses so broad a jurisdiction, or
deals with issues so vitally affecting national
power, dignity, and sovereignty. Its members
should consist of jurists who, having gained the
highest honors of the bar, bring to the discharge
of their exalted trust mature experience and pre-
eminent talents and learning. Their salary, if
not equal to their former professional income,
should at least secure them an independent sup-
port and bear a just relation to their arduous
employment. One of the most eminent judges
of that court resigned on account of the scanty
salary, and a venerable Chief Justice, whose
labors during a long life conferred enduring
benefits upon his country, diedafewyears since
bequeathing to his family little beyond the
legacy of an illustrious name. The salary is far
from being proportionate to the weighty respon-
sibilities of the station. Itis even less than is paid
to some subordinate officers in other branches
of the public service. It is a singular and dis-
reputable anomaly that the chiefs of bureaus of
the War Department each received in pay and
emoluments during the last fiscal year a larger
compensation than the Chief Justice of the
United States. Eeeent legislation recognized
the just claims of the judges of the district
courts and of the supreme court of this District,
but Congress inadvertently, I presume, omitted
to make a becoming provision for the justices
of the Supreme Court of the United States.
The proposition to erect and furnish houses
for the Vice President and Cabinet ministers
may jiot meet with more favor now than when
it was originally made. I earnestlyrecommend,
therefore, that fifty per cent, be added to their
present salary and to that of the justices of the
Supreme Court. It will even then be much
less than is allowed to officers of a similar
grade by any other first-class Government. The
Cabinet ministers will not receive more than
is now paid in coin to several of our foreign
representatives, who discharge much less labor-
ious duties, in capitals not more expensive
than Washington. Since the salaries in ques-
tion were fixed at the present rate Congress
have, by successive statutes, nearly quadrupled
their own, and I do not doubt that the mem-
bers of that honorable body will render in
some degree to others the justice already
secured to themselves.
I have heretofore alluded to the compensa-
tion of the Assistant Secretary and the heads
of bureaus. The Commissioner of Patents,
whose salary is not too large, receives $4,500,
being fifty per cent, more than that of the
other officers of equal grade in this Depart-
ment, and exceeds by more than twenty-eight
per cent, that of his official superior, the As-
sistant Secretary, whose duties involve far more
labor and responsibility. This glaring and in-
defensible inequality should be corrected. I
recommend that the annual salary of the As-
sistant Secretary be fixed at $5,000, and that
the Commissioner of Patents, Commissioner
of the General Land Office, Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, and Commissioner of Pensions
shall each be paid $4,500 peraunum.
The duties of a copyist are m'erely mechan-
ical, and he is liberally paid, more so, indeed,
than the same qualifications in any other walk
of life command; but the higher order of cler-
ical labor, requiring for its acceptable perform-
ance intelligence and special knowledge as
well as faithful training and long continued
service, is not adequately remunerated. It is
my settled opinion, the result of much reflec-
tion and of experience in my present position,
that the efficiency of the clerical force would
lie essentially promoted by thoroughly reorgan-
izing it and securing to clerks of experience
and tried ability an enhanced compensation.
It is hoped that a subject of so much import-
ance to the successful working of the Executive
Departments will receive the consideration it
so well merits.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, ^ BROWNING,
Secretary of the Interior.
The President.
National Debt.
SPEECH OF HON. JAMES DIXON,
op connecticut,
itf the Sexate of the United States,
December 17, 1868.
The Senate having under consideration the reso-
lution in regard to the national debt—
Mr. DTXON said:
Mr. President: If we commence by ac-
knowledging the propriety of any expression
of opinion by the Senate of dissent or disap-
probation of a measure recommended by the
President of the United States otherwise than
by legislation adverse to it, then we must ad-"
mit, I think, that the Committee on Finance
are entitled to a great deal of credit for having
modified the form of the language and phrase-
ology in which the Senator from New Jersey
[Mr. Cattell] saw fit, in the first place, to in-
troduce his resolution. Compared with the
somewhat violent language first used it is very
temperate and moderate, and I give the gentle-
man himself great credit for having on further
reflection, and perhaps with the advice of the
committee, modified and tempered the form
of his language. As it now stands, it is merely
an expression of opinion adverse to the propo-
sition of the President of the United States,
and being myself opposed to that proposition,
I can vote for the resolution. I do not approve
of the proposition ; and I can therefore give a
vote against it. But, sir, I do not in giving
that vote at all consent to the idea that the
President has made a proposition of repudia-
tion or that he is himself a repudiator.
In the first place, this recommendation, if
you call it such—and I am willing to take the
ground of the gentlemen themselves and re-
gard it as aproposition made by the President—
does not appear to be proposed by him as com-
pulsory upon the bondholders. In fact, the form
of the language is otherwise. He expressly
says, to begin with, that in his judgment our
national credit should be sacredly observed.
He has before said that it is possible that the
bondho lders themselves would not be averse
to a settlement of our indebtedness upon a
plan which would yield them a fair remuner-
ation and at the same time be just to the tax-
payers of the nation. Whether the proposi-
tion he makes is a fair one or not; whether it
is a reasonable one or not; whether it is a
practicable one or not, it is perfectly plain that
the President proposes it, not as a compulsory
scheme, but as one to which the bondholders,
in his own language, " may not be averse."
He may misjudge in supposing they will not
be averse to it, but he expressly so declares.
I do not think the President of the United
States has on this floor an enemy—if it may be
supposed that he has an enemy anywhere, and
especially here—so hostile, so inveterate, as
not to rejoice to find, if it be so, that the Presi-
dent does not propose a measure of repudia-
tion. What he proposes may be unwise, im-
practicable; it may be indiscreet; butno matter
how unreasonable", if it is not compulsory it is
not in any sense repudiation. Why, sir, he
might propose that the bondholders should
abandon the whole debt and give it to the na-
tion, and he might say it would be an act of
patriotism on their part; but to say so would
not be to say that he would compel them to
do it.
Now, sir, in examining this subject it is neces-
sary for us to do what Dr. Johnson recom-
mended to Boswell, to "free our minds from
cant," from hypocrisy, and from pretension.
Is this the first proposition that has been made
for a modification of the national debt? One
would suppose, from what we have heard here,
that there has been no proposition before for
any modification of the form of the national
debt. Let us see how that is.
I will say here once more by way of caveat,
