1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE OONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
4§
40TH COSO....3D SE3S.
National Debt-—Mr. Dixon.
Senate.
for the benefit of the reporters in the gallery,
that I am opposed to this scheme and all other
schemes having any appearance of repudia-
tion or of any change in the foru of the debt,
either in principal or interest, except by the
free consent of the bondholders; and in exam-
ining this proposition I wish that to be under-
stood, otherwise somebody may misunderstand
me or misrepresent me as saying that I wish
in some way to palliate or excuse repudiation.
Now, sir, let us look at this matter. We have
an enormous debt, immense in its total, incon-
ceivable in its amount. When you undertake
to conceive of this vast globe of earth on which
we live yon cannot conceive of it as one body.
It is wholly impossible for the human mind to
grasp it, beeause when we think of such a
physical object we consider it only through the
senses of touch and of sight, and what we can-
not see or touch as a whole we cannot conceive
of as a physical object except, by dividing it
into fragments. So of this debt; no human
mind can conceive of $2,500,000,000. You
may conceive of so many separate units; but
of the debt itself you can form no conception.
It is inconceivably immense in its amount.
The condition in which it places us is by no
means agreeable. Our duty, however, is plain:
we are to meet,it boldly and manfully, and the
debt must be paid to its uttermost farthing.
We are not the first nation that has been in
this condition. If it is feared that the English
people may accuse our President of repudi-
ation let us for a single moment consider some
of the plans and schemes which have been
proposed with regard to their debt, and those
plans in many cases compulsory. In the reign
of George I there was a proposition made
by Mr. Archibald Huteheson to repudiate
one-tenth of the entire debt and to tax the
nation for the remainder, and pay off the whole
of that remainder at once. In the year 1825
that scheme was revived in the English Parlia-
ment, was advocated in the public prints by
as distinguished a political economist as Mr.
Ricardo, and was also seriously and solemnly
advocated, in the year 1827, in an article in the
Edinburgh Review, as the only means by which
the Government of Great Britain could save
itself from bankruptcy and destruction. It was
said by one statesman that " they must either
destroy the debt or the debt would destroy
them." The proposition was to actually re-
pudiate ten per cent, as a tax upon the bond-
holders, and then to tax the whole community,
including the bondholders, twelve percent, of
their whole property, for the purpose of paying
it off.
But if our English creditors are disposed to
attribute to us purposes of repudiation, it may
perhaps be well for them to recall to their
recollection some of the serious propositions
made by British writers of high character and
vast influence to repudiate a portion of the na-
tional debt of England when the taxes required
for its payment shall be so large as to "encroach
on the capital of the country." I submit the
following from the Edinburgh Review, volume
thirty-three, page 65. It needs no comment:
"It is no doubt true that the first duty of Govern-
ment, m matters of finance, is to keep faith with the
public creditor; and it was on this principle that
parliament imposed the new taxes at the last ses-
sion. But if even with these new taxes such a deficit
were to arise as wo are now contemplating, it is im-
possible not to sec that aease would be made out for
toe country and against the stockholder to which
no iormer practice or acknowledged principle would
any longer bo applicable. So long as taxes can be
levied from the free income of the subject, so long
the most rigid faith must be kept with the public
creditor. But when they come to encroach on the
"fP'tal, and of course to diminish those springs of
nr,! /r9m. which all expenditures must be sup-
plied, their increase becomes not only oppressive
but impossible, and their cessation a matter not of
nominal but actual necessity. In such a state of
tilings, therefore, which can no longer be represented
as extremely unlikely to oocur, weshall soon become
jamiitar with other maxims than those to which we
nave been so long accustomed; and alter having
Witnessed the facility with which the public was led
to approve of the application of the sinking fund to
mo current expenses of the State, we should not be
at all surprised to find the reduction of the dividends
become a topic of general speculation. and even a
favorite project of finance. We mean neither to
argue here nor to express any opinion of our own
witb regard to it: but we have bo doubt that a mul-
titude of plausible arguments will very speedily be
mustered up for its support; and that, besides assim-
ilating the purchasers of stoek to the purchasers into
any other concern where the prospect of gain is
compensated by the _risk of loss, it will be strongly
urged that they are, in strict justice, bound to sub-
mit to some deduction on account of the increased
value of tbe currency sinee the period wben. at
least £300,000,000 of the existing debt was borrowed.
Had the depreciation been openly avowed at the
time no subscriber could bave objected to its being
made a condition that he should be repaid with a.
sum equal in value though smaller in nominal ex-
tent to what he bad actually advanced. Those things
may become necessary."
I will not follow up the various other proposi-
tions made in England with regard to their debt,
nor will I go into the manner in which they
have reduced their interest by consolidation,
much of which has been in a certain sense
compulsory ; but I will come to our own coun-
try. What has been done here ? What have
been the plans proposed here? I wish to show
what, perhaps, jnay surprise some Senators
without considering it, but which they will
find to be true as soon as they apply their
minds to the subject and resort to a little prac-
tical arithmetic. I wish to show that the
scheme of the President is certainly as good,
if not far better, for the bondholder than some
plans which have been proposed by some others
who have escaped the denunciation of the
Senate.
In the first place, there was the plan known
as the plan of Mr. Pendleton, which proposed
an entire payment of the debt, as I at first
understood it, by an issue of greenbacks. Mr.
Pendleton somewhat modified it afterward.
If the law had expressly provided that the debt
might be paid in paper currency that propo-
sition of Mr. Pendleton, in my opinion, would
have been ruinous, not only to the bondholder
but to tbe people, for the reason that it would
have unfunded the national debt, so to speak,
and poured into the business of this country
an immense flood of currency which would
have overwhelmed every interest in one uni-
versal deluge of destruction. That was the
sufficient answer to it. If we had the right to
do it I should not have considered it for a
moment. I doubt even whether it would be
wise to pay off the debt in gold instantly even
if we had the money, for that would produce
somewhat the same effect of injurious infla-
tion. Mr. Pendleton was by some denounced
as a repudiator, but he did not acknowledge
the charge. I will say nothing in regard to
his purposes or his views, further than that
his known character as a patriot and a states-
man forbids the idea that he intended repudi-
ation.
There was another proposition made by a
Senator on this floor, the honorable Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] Certainly no-
body can call him a repudiator. What did he
propose? He proposed a long loan of forty
years at three and sixty-five hundredths per
cent, interest, and I am compelled to say that,
taking his speech by which he accompanied that
bill and the bill itself together, it was a com-
pulsory scheme.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to interrupt
my friend, but I must say that I never made
such a proposition.
Mr. DIXON. I will show in what sense it
was compulsory.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was not to correct that
that I rose; but I never made a proposition
for a loan at less than five per cent.
Mr. DIXON. Perhaps 1 have done the
Senator injustice. I know the bill was modi-
fied greatly by the committee. In the printed
bill, between the brackets and italics, it is
pretty difficult to tell what was the Senator's
view and what was the committee's; but the
Finance Committee, of which he was chairman,
reported a bill here which proposed on its face
an exchange of the present bonds for bonds at
three and sixty-five hundredths per cent, inter-
est, running forty years. That is on the face
of the bill. What was the speech of the Sen-
ator by which he accompanied it. by which he
enforced and advocated it? He declared that.,
in his judgment, the terms of the law creating
the loan authorized the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in negotiating the new loan to tell the
existing bondholders that they must accept
that or they must take their pay in lawful paper
money of the United States. That the Sena-
tor declared to be his opinion of the law. He
had a right to hold that opinion of the law.
To believe that that was the intent and mean-
ing of the law was no repudiation. It was a
legal question. There was a great deal in his
argument. The same view was at one time in
the mind of the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana who addressed usyesterday, [Mr. Mortox.]
He declared himself partially of the same opin-
ion. Now, sir, would it be believed, after
hearing the remarks of the honorable Senator
from Michigan yesterday, that the proposition
of the President of the United States is a better
plan for the bondholder than that?
Why, sir, the mistake of the President was,
if he wished to propose a plan of this kind
which would be accepted by the bondholders,
that he did not make the annuity long enough;
he cut it ve'ry short, and in that way it is so
objectionable that it will not be accepted. But
suppose the President had made a proposition
of this kind; suppose be had proposed the same
length of time as the Senator did in bis bill, a
forty-year annuity at six per cent. The Sena-
tor would then have said it was repudiation of
principal and interest, as he says now; but
what would be the .effect of it? There would
be an extra two and two thirds per cent, inter-
est for forty years to be paid to the bond-
holder, which at compound interest amounts
to not far from three thousand dollars. Sen-
ators do not consider what the effect of a long
annuity is, nor what the effect of compound
interest is. If they will sit down and figure for
a few moments they will find that the President
has not been guilty after all of such very great
injustice. Take a twenty-year annuity; the
difference between a four per cent, bond and a
six p.er cent, annuity, at twenty years only, is
nearly one thousand dollars at compound inter-
est. Still, the Senator from Michigan says
this is repudiation of both principal and inter-
est. If the President had proposed forty years,
as the Senator from Ohio did, he would have
proposed a scheme most ruinous to this Gov-
ernment. If the President of the United States
had said "Let us propose to the bondholders
to pay them an annuity of six per cent, for
forty years, and they give up the capital," he
would have proposed a scheme that would
have taken $2,000 out of the Government for
every $1,000 bond issued; but still, upon the
principle of the Senator from Michigan, it
would have been repudiation both of the prin-
cipal and the interest.
I repeat that the difficulty of the President's
scheme is that it is too short an annuity to be
entirely acceptable. Still I venture to predict
that the foreign creditors would rather take it
to-day than take their money back and loan it
at three per cent. It is vastly better for them
than to take greenbacks. Suppose they took
the greenbacks on the plan of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman ;] suppose the whole
debt was paid to them in greenbacks, they re-
fusing to take a three and sixty-five hundredth
per cent, bond, what would be the effect? The
greenbacks would fall instantly to about fifty
cents on the dollar. They would therefore
get but about five hundred dollars on each
$1,000 bond. The President's scheme is much
better than that.
Now, sir, I wish to have two things remem- '
bered; first, the President has merely proposed
a proposition "to w^icli" he says "the bond-
holders may not be averse second, it is not
