1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
State of Kansas, requesting Congress to enact
such laws as may be necessary to secure the
rights of twenty thousand bona fide settlers
upon the Cherokee neutral lands in said State,
and,to secure to said State the sixteenth and
thirty-sixth sections of land in each township
for the support of common schools; which
were referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, ordered to be printed, and also ordered
to be printed in the Globe.
The following are the resolutions:
Whereas by therecent "supplemental treaty"made
between the Cherokee Indians and the" Government
of the United States, ratified by the Senate June 10,
A. D. 1868, whereby the tract of land lying in the
State of Kansas known as the " Cherokee neutral
lands," was conveyed to one man, James F. Joy, of
the city of Detroit, Michigan, without stipulations
compelling him to construct any works of public
improvement through said lands; and whereas the
seventy thousand bona fide settlers now living on
this tract were led to believe, by assurances from
Senators, Representatives, the Presidentof the Uni-
ted States, as well as by the establishment of post
roads, post offices, courts of justice, and the organi-
zation of counties, that when the Indian title should
be extinguished they would be permitted to pur-
chase their claims at at least the minimum price for
Government land; and whereas by the provisions
of the above-said treaty no reservation is made of
the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections for school
purposes, thus defrauding the State to the amount
of fifty-five thousand aeres of land and in clear vio-
lation of section thirty-four of the organic act by
which this State was received into the Union; and
whereas the Cherokee Indians obtained title to said
lands by the treaty of A. D. 1835, New Echota, Geor-
gia; and whereas the Senate alone ratified said
treaty, and the power of Congress wasnever invoked
or exercised in said sale and cession of said lands;
and whereas thelegal title to said lands did not pass
to said Indians from the Government of the United
States by virtue of said treaty, the Constitution of
the United States providing, in section three of
article four, that "the Congress has power to dispose
of and make all needful rules and regulations re-
specting the territories or other property belonging
to the United States," but remain in the Govern-
ment, and should be held subject to the rights of the
bona fide settlers under the homestead ami preemp-
tion laws of Congress; and whereas the treaty of
August, A. D. 1S66, assumed to convey said lands to
the United States in trust for the Cherokee Indians,
and provides who shall be the trustee of said tract
on the part of the United States, when thepower of
creating said trustee belongs exclusively to Congress
and cannot be rightfully exercised by the treaty-
making power: Therefore,
1. Be it resolved by (he House of Representatives^ of
the State of Kansas, (the Senate concurring therein,)
That wo respectfully but earnestly request the Con-
gress of the United States to pass such laws as may
be necessary in the premises to fully secure the
rights of the bona fide settlers upon said Cherokee
neutral lands under the homestead and preemption
laws, and the rights of the State to the sixteenth
and thirty-sixth sections for the support of common
schools.
2. That our Representative be requested and our
Senators in Congress be instructed to use their en-
tire influence to secure the passage of the necessary
legislation to secure the above object.
3. That the secretary of State is hereby instructed
to furnish a copy of these preambles and resolutions
to the President of the Senate and the Speaker of
the House of Representatives of Congress, and to
each of our Senators and Representative from the
State of Kansa-s.
Adopted by the House of Representatives, January
20,1869.
HENRY C. OLNEY,
Chief Glerk House of Representatives.
Concurred in by the Senate, January 22, 1869.
GEORGE C. CROWTHER,
Secretary of the Senate.
I, Thomas Moonlight, secretary of State, do hereby
certify that the foregoing is a true and correct copy
of the original on file in this office.
In testimony whereof I have subscribed my name
rT „ i and affixed the great seal of the State, this
lL- S-J 26th day of January, A. D. 1869.
THOMAS MOONLIGHT,
Secretary of State.
homestead entries in kansas.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, also presented a
concurrent resolution of the Legislature of the
Stateof Kansas, instructing the Kansas delega-
tion in Congress to obtain the passage of a bill
authorizing persons who have taken less than
one hundred and sixty acres as homesteads in
certain counties in Kansas to prove up and
hold enough more to make their claims one
hundred and sixty acres each; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
national currency.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No, 1980) supplementary
to an act entitled "An aet to provide a national
currency by pledge of United States bonds, and
to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," approved June 3,1864, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Banking
and Currency, and ordered to be printed.
indian appropriations.
Mr. BURLEIG1J introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1981) in relation to the payment of moneys
appropriated for Indian tribes; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
state restrictions on trade.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1982) to prevent restrictions
on trade by the laws of any State between citi-
zens of different States ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
reports of national banks.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Permis-
sion was given on Saturday last to introduce
an amep.dment to the bill then under consider-
ation, being Senate bill No. 440, supplement-
ary to an act entitled " An act to provide a
national currency secured by a pledge of Uni-
ted States bonds, and to provide for the circu-
lation and redemption thereof," approved
June 3, I8G4. I ask leave now to introduce an
amendment I have prepared, and to have it
printed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can in-
troduce it as an original bill, and have it re-
ferred and printed. That is the only way in
which it can be introduced under this call.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very
well; I introduce it as a bill.
The bill (H. R. No. 1983) supplementary to
an act entitled " !A.n act to provide a national
currency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof," approved June 3, 1864,
was received, read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency, and ordered to be printed.
george cleland.
Mr. YOUNG introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1984) to remove legal and political disabilities
from George Cleland, of Cobb county, State
of Georgia; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Re-
construction.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. There being no further
business under this call, the next business in
order is the call of States, beginning with the
State of Indiana, for resolutions.
public lands land grants, etc.
The SPEAKER. Under this call the House
resumes the consideration of a joint resolution
introduced by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Julian,] No. 448, to prevent the farther
sales of the public lands of the United States,
except as provided for in the preemption and
homestead laws and the laws for disposing of
town sites and mineral lands, and regulating
the future grants of lands for railroad purposes.
On Monday last the House refused to lay this
joint resolution on the table., The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Julian] called the previous
question upon ordering the joint resolution to
be engrossed and read the third time ; pending
the consideration of which the morning hour
expired. The question is now upon second-
ing the call for the previous question.
The joint resolution was read. The first
section provides that from and after its passage
the further sale of the public lands of the United
States, as now provided for by law, shall cease,
except as provided for in the preemption and
homestead laws and the laws for disposing
of town sites and mineral lands; but this pro-
vision is not to be so construed as to present
the location of military bounty-land warrants,
agricultural college scrip, or other land scrip,
as authorized under existing laws. The second
section provides that bo more public lands shali
be granted to aid in the construction of rail-
roads unless upon the express condition, in
the acts granting the same, that they shall be
sold by the State, Territory, or company to
which the grantis made to actual settlers only
in quantities not greater than one quarter sec-
tion to any one purchaser and for a price not
exceeding $2 50 per acre.
Mr. HOPKINS. I desire to ask a parlia-
mentary question. You will observe, Mr.
Speaker, and "so will all who have listened to
the reading of the resolution 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer a
parliamentary question. But it is not in order
to debate the resolution.
Mr. HOPKINS. The resolution provides
first for prohibiting 
Mr. NIBLACK. I object to debate.
Mr. HOPKINS. The resolution contains
two distinct propositions. Can they be divided
and voted upon separately?
The SPEAKER. They cannot. But if the
previous question is not seconded the joint
resolution will be open to amendment, or a
motion to refer will be in order.
Mr. HOPKINS. Then I give notice that if
the previous question is not seconded I will
move that the joint resolution bo referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. JULIAN. Both propositions contained
in the joint resolution have received the sanc-
tion of this House.
Mr. HOPKINS. I would like to know
when the first part of the resolution 
Mr. BURR. I object to debate.
The question was then taken upon second-
ing the previous question; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 57, noes 66.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. JULIAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Julian and
Mr. Hopkins were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes fifty, noes not
counted.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. HOPKINS. I now move that this joint
resolution be referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands; and on that motion I call for
the previous question.
Mr. JULIAN. The Committee on the Public
Lands have already agreed to the principle of
this joint resolution.
The previous question was then seconded,
and the main question ordered.
The question was upon referring the joint
resolution to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. JULIAN. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 70, not vot-
ing 49 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Axtell, Barnes, Beck, Benjamin.
Blair, Boles, Boutwell, Boyden, Brooks, Broomall,
Buckland, Buckley, Burr, Callis, Reader W. Clarke,
Cobb. Corley, Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Deweese,
Doekery, Dodge. Driggs, Edwards, Eggleston, Thomas
D. Eliot. James T. Elliott, Farnsvvorth, Ferriss, Perry,
Fields, French. Golladay, Goss, Gove, Gravely, Gris-
woid.Grover, Hamilton, Ilaughey, Hawkins, Heaton,
Hooper, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Humphrey, Jenckes,
Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Kellogg,
Keteham, .Knott, Koontz:, Laflin, Lash, Lincoln,
Mallory. Marvin. Maynard, McCarthy, McKee, Mil-
ler, Moorhead, Morrell. Mungen, Myers, ISiewcomb,
Newsham, NiehoHon, Norris, Nunn. O ISeill, Qrth,
Perham, Pierce. Pike, Poland, Pomeroy, Robertson,
Robinson, Sawyer, Sehenck, Shellabarger, Smith,
Starkweather, Stevens. Stokes, Stover, Taffc, John
Trimble, Trowbridgo, Twiehcll, Van Aernam, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry
1). Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker.Whit-
temore, James F. Wilson, and Wood bridge—103,
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Beaman, Beatty, Benton,
Bingham, Boyer, Bromwell. Benjamin P. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Cary. Chauler, Sidney Clarke,
Coburn, Donnelly. Eekley, Fox, Glossbrenner,
Haight, Harding. Higby, Holman, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Inger-
soll,Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Keljev, Kelsey, Kerr,
Kitchen, George V, Lawrence, William Lawrence.
Loughridge, Marshall, McCormick, Moore, Niblaek,
Paine, Phelps, Plants, Pruyn, Randall, Raum, Ross,
Seofield, Selye, Shanks, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Stew-
art, Stone, Sypher, Xfiber, Thomas, Upson, Van
