1222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Trump, Van Wyck, Ward, William Williams, John
T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, Woodward,
and Young—70.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer.
Arneil B liley,Baldwin, Banks,Barnum,Blackburn,
Blaine, Bowen, Cake, Churchill, Clift, Cook, Dawes,
Delano, Dickey, Dixon, Eia.Eklridgc, Garfield, Getz,
Halsey Hill, Richard D. Hubbard. Loan, Logan,
Lynch, McCullough, Mercur, Morrissey, Mullins,
Peters, Pettis, Pile, Polsley, Price, Prince, Boots,
Taylor, Tift, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken,
Burt VanHorn.Vidal, ElihuB. Washburne,Thomas
Wllliams,and Windom—49.
So the joint resolution was referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. KELLOGG moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. HUNTER introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 458) granting the consent of Con-
gress provided for in section ten of the act
incorporating the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company, approved July 2, 1864; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the joint reso-
lution to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. HUNTER. I call for the previous
question.
The joint resolution, which was read, gives
the consent of Congress to the Northern Pa-
cific Railroad Company to issue its bonds and
to secure the same by mortgage upon its rail-
road and its telegraph line, lor the purpose of
raising funds with which to construct said rail-
road and telegraph line between Lake Superior
and Puget sound, and also upon its branches,
to a point at or near Portland, Oregon; and
the term "Puget sound," as used in the act
incorporating the company, is to be construed
to mean all the waters connected with the
straits of Juan de Puca, within the territory
of the United States.
Mr. RANDALL. I think this resolution
ought to be referred.
Mr. ROSS. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Hunter] has called the previous
question. If the previous question should not
be seconded, the motion to refer will be in
order.
The previous question was seconded ; there
being—ayes 87, noes 25.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman v.'ho
has introduced this resolution will answer an
inquiry. I would like to know whether by the
operation of this 
Mr. HUNTER. I insist on the call for the
previous question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the previous question
should not be seconded can we not debate this
proposition?
The SPEAKER. If the resolution gives rise
to debate it must go over.
Mr. EARNSWORTH. How did this reso-
lution come before the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Hunter] introduced it under the
call of the States for resolutions.
The question being on ordering the main
question,
Mr. RANDALL called for the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes fifteen.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for tellers on or-
dering the yeas and nays.
On ordering tellers, there were—ayes seven-
teen ; not a sufficient number.
So tellers were not ordered ; and the yeas
and nays were not ordered.
Yn ordering the main question there were—
ayes 92, noes 20.
So the main question was ordered; which
was upon ordering the joint resolution to be
engrossed and rfcad, a third time.
Mr. BENJAMlS. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. HUNTER. I demand the previous
question on the passage.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. HUNTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Boles on account of sickness.
JOHN D. YOUNG.
Mr. NIBLACK. I offer the following res-
olution, which is approved by the Committee
of Elections, and demand the previous ques-
tion thereon:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be, and ho
is hereby, directed to pay to John 0. Young, out of
the contingent fund of the House, the sum of $2,509
for his expenses in prosecuting his claim to a seat in
this House as Representative of the ninth congres-
sional district of Kentucky.
Mr. BROOMALL. I rise to a question of
order. A resolution of the House cannot take
money out of the contingent fund of the House
by the law as it now stands.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. This has been done repeat-
edly in cases of contested election by order of
the House.
Mr. BROOMALL. Yet it is against posi-
tive law.
Mr. DRIGGS. I want to know if this has
the sanction of the Committee of Elections.
Mr. KERR. It has the consent of the com-
mittee, I believe, unanimously.
The question being put on seconding the
previous question, there were—ayes 61, noes
40 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Niislack
and Buoomall were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 80, noes 43.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. \VARI). I demand the yeas and nays
on agreeing to the resolution. Has not the
House voted down this proposition two or
three times?
The SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
ary inquiry.
Mr. McKEE. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. BENJAMIN. On that I demand the
yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes nineteen ; not a sufficient number.
Mr. WARD. I demand tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers wereordered ; and the Chair appoint-
ed Messrs. Ward and Niblack.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes thirty.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 55, nays 101, not voting
6G ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benjamin, Benton, Boles,
Bromwell, Broomall, Buckley, Roderick R. Butler,
Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Corley, Cornell, Covode,
Dickey, Donnelly, Eekley, Ferriss, Fields, Hamilton,
Harding, Huiburd, Hunter, Julian, Ilelsey, Koontz,
William Lawrence, Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard,
McCarthy, MoKee, Miller, Moore, JVIorrell, New-
sham, Orth, Perham, Polsley, Pouieroy. Price, Raum,
Selye,Shanks, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, Stover,
TaSii, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Van
Wycli, Ward, William Williams, and John T. Wil-
son—oo.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, James M, Ashley, Axtell,
Baker, Banks, Barnes, Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Bing-
ham, Blair, Boutivell, Boyden, Boyer, Brooks, Buck-
land, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Cary, Chanler, De-
lano, Dockery, Drisgs, Eldridge, Thomas D. Eliot,
James T. Elliott, Farnsworth, Ferry, Fox. Gloss-
breilner, Golladay, (Joss, (Jove, Gravely, Grover,
Haight, Haughey, Heaton, Higbv, Ho'lman, Hooper,
Hopkins, Hotehkiss, Chester D.Hubbard, Humphrey,
Ingersotl, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas
L. Jones, lieSley, Kellogg, ICerr, Keteham Kitchen,
Knott, Laflin, Lash, George V. Lawrence, Mallory,
Marshall, Marvin, McCormiek, Moorhead, Mullins,
Mungen, Myers, Niblack,Nicholson, Norris, O'Neill,
Paine, Peters, Pike, Pile, Plants Poland, Pruyr?,
Randall, Robertson, Robinson, Hoots, Row,S.twyotr,
Scofield, Sitjyreaves, Smith, Spalding. Stone, Tuber,
Thomas, Twichell, Upson, Robert T. v an Horn, Van
Trump, Cadwalader 0. Wa.stsb rn, William B. YVaah-
burn, Welker. Stephen F.Wilson, W ood. Wood war it,
and Young—101.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Archer, Arneil, Delos R. Ashley, Bailey, liarmmi,
Blackburn, Blaine, Bowen, Cake, Callis, Churchill,
Sidney Clarke, Clift, Coburn, Cook, Cullom, Dawes,
Deweese. Dixon, Dodge, Edwards, Eggleston, Ela,
French, Garheld, Getz. (jriswold, Halsey, Hawkins,
Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Kichard D. Hubbard,
Johnson, Judd, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, MeCullough,
Mercur,Morrissey, Newcomb, Nunn, Pettis, Phelps,
Pierce, Prince, Schenck, Shellabarser, Stewart,
Sypher, Taylor Tift, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van
Auken, Btrrt Van Horn, Vidal, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, Whittemore, Thomas
Williams. James F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—66.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
The question recurred o  agreeing to the
resolution.
Mr. WARD. I demand the yeas and nays,
because I think a great many gentlemen sup-
posed just now that they were voting on agree-
ing to the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was put on agreeing to the
resolution ; and there were—ayes 78, noes 51.
Mr. McKEE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. MeKEE and
Mr. Kerr were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 84, noes 47.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ACQUISITION 01' SAN DOMINGO.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour ex-
pired during the operation of the previous
question on the resolution, and the House,
resumes the consideration of the motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.}
pending at the adjournment on Monday lastr
to suspend the rules to enable him to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That Friday evening next be assigned to
debate, without action, on the proposed acquisition
of San Domingo.
Mr. BANKS. I hope that resolution will-
pass- without objection.
The question was put; and there were—•
ayes 62, noes 51.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof}
the rules were not suspended,
BUSINESS AT EVENING* SESSIONS.
Mr. SPALDING. The Committee on Appro-
priations have become satisfied that some por-
tion of the evening sessions must be given to
them or else the appropriation bills cannot be
passed through Congress. They have, there-
fore, instructed me to offer the resolution which
I send to the Clerk's desk, and I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House that the resolution
be entertained.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Iteaolved, That from and after Tuesday evening, the
16th instant, and until otherwise ordered, there shall
be evening sessions, eommencing at half past seven
o'clock, devoted exclusively to business Irom the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. SCHENCK. I expect that we shall be
able to get through with the tax bill to-night,
but in case we do not, will not that bill take
precedence of this order if made ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
while the tax bill remains in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, by the order
of the House, the rules having been suspended
for that purpose, it will have precedence atlhu
evening sessions over all other business. This
order will only operate after the tax bill is dis-
posed of.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will take the opportunity
while I am up of inviting gentlemen to be here
this evening.
Mr. SPALDING. This order relates to after
to-morrow night.
