46
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 17,
Senate.
National Debt—Mr. Dixon.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
by any means so ruinous a scheme for them as
has been suggested. If it had been a twenty-
five or thirty-years' annuity, certainly if it had
been a forty-years' annuity, it would have been
generons, liberal to the bondholders, and would
actually have been very injurious to this Gov-
ernment. I think, when we view the matter
in this light, our wish, if any such exists, to
make out Andrew Johnson a bad man, a re-
pudiator, ought to yield to our wish to protect
the honor of the Government, and not have it
believed that he has proposed a scheme of
repudiation if he has not done so.
I have taken up the scheme of the honorable
Senator from Ohio, and I have said that he
cannot be called a repudiator. What shall we
say of the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sumner] who has introduced a bill
on the subject? Need I say that I do not mean
to call him a repudiator when I comment upon
his scheme. What is his plan presented in
this bill? Why, sir, that we shall propose to
the bondholders a forty year loan at four and
a half per cent. He sees the importance of
reducing the vast amount of interest under
which the people of this country are groaning,
and he makes a proposition, of course to be
accepted or not as the bond holders choose.
Does that Senator remember that his prop-
osition is far worse for the bondholders than it
would be if he proposed to give Ihcm an an-
nuity for forty years at six per cent, and pay
them no capital. I dare say if the Senator had
been told that he would ever make aproposition
of that kind, a forty year annuity and the capi-
tal to be repudiated, and that he was a repu-
diator, be would deny it; but it would be bet-
ter than the scheme lie now proposes, and the
Dutch and English and German bondholders
would seize upoa it with avidity. Let him offer
them a forty year annuity at six per cent, and
at the end of that time to pay them no capital,
and see what they would do. The English
Government made the same mistake many years
ago. They never found out the difficulty until
Francis Horner pointed it out to them. They
issued certain bonds at five and ahalf percent,
interest, the capital to be paid at the end of that
time; but, thinking they would save something,
they concluded to give six per cent, in the form
of an annuity and no capital to be paid at the
end. It was to run one hundred years; and
that one half per cent, difference in the interest,
as Francis Horner showed them, amounted at
compound interest to more than twice the
amount of the bond at the end.
Why. sir, one per cent, interest on a unit of
$10 for one hundred years is $1,000 without
interest; whereas at compound interest it is
almost incredible to consider what it amounts
to in that time. Compound interest increases
so rapidly that Dr. Price calculated that one
penny put at compound interest at the birth of
our Saviour would have amounted in his time
to many globes of gold of the size of this earth ;
and upon that he founded the plan of paying the
English debt by a sinking fund, which Mr. Pitt
adopted. The only difficulty was, they found
they could not get the compound interest, could
not always provide for it; it could not be paid.
There were various reasons ; but let compound
interest go on and the debt would be paid in a
short time. One penny at compound interest
would pay the debt a great many times over in
the space of time mentioned by Dr. Price. Let
me read on this subject the following extract
from the Edinburgh Review, volume twenty-
four, page 2do. It is well known, says Dr. Price—
"To what prodigious sums money improved for
some time at compound interest will increase."
And then he states, in a note, that—-
"A penny so improved from our Saviour's birth as
to double itself every fourteen years, or, which is
nearly the same, put out to five percent, compound
interest at our Saviour's birth, would by this time—
that is, in seventeen hundred and seventy-three
years havo increased to more money than would be
contained m one hundred and fifty million globes,
each equal to the earth in magnitude, and all solid
gold."
In a note upon this note his accurate friend,
Mr. Morgan nicely observes, that a penny im-
proved so as to double itself every fourteen
years would have accumulated only to one
hundred and seven millions of such globes, just
forty-three millions fewer than the Doctor had
calculated; but this, Mr. Morgan wisely ob-
serves, is abundantly sufficient to prove the
strength of his argument.
The President undoubtedly had all these
things in view. I have had no conversation
with the President on the subject; I know not
what his views were; but I have not the slight-
est idea that he made thisproposition with any
view to compulsion. He is acquainted with
the subjects which he attempts to discuss. It
was a scheme that might be accepted and would
be accepted if the time were extended. Let
him make it thirty or forty years, and I vouch
for it it will be seized with avidity by the foreign
bondholders.
Now, sir, I do not propose to vote for the
President's plan. I propose to offer an amend-
ment to this resolution suggesting that he has
at the same time proposed to keep the public
faith, so that we may not say to the world that
the President of the United States is a repu-
diator. As I said before, the Senate ought
rather to say to the world that he is not. His
proposition, though perhaps rather darkly
expressed, is in fact not compulsory, but an
offer made which he thinks the bondholders
may not be averse to; and I have now shown
you, as sensible men, that it is not a disgraceful
and outrageous proposition, as the Senator
from Michigan states, but that if it had been
for ten years longer it would have been very
liberal on our part, and if for twenty years
longer extremely injurious to the Government.
This is a matter of arithmetic. Anybody can
understand this. There is no difficulty about it.
In connection with this subject we have before
us the vast question of our national debt and
what action we shall take with regard to it. It
is a question of immense importance, moment-
ous in its consequences, and cannot be over-
looked or neglected. Why, sir, under what are
we now suffering in this country? There seems
to be a difficulty in determining what is the
trouble and what is its cause. We know that
there is a tremendous pressure upon us; we
know that there is a weight bearing us down ;
that business is prostrated; that everywhere
men are disheartened and perplexed. Wehear
every day of commercial failures in New York
and elsewhere. Why is it? The election of
General Grant was to restore prosperity. If
that was expected it was asking too much of
that election.
Now, I will undertake to say what I think is
a portion of our difficulty. Ibelieve to-day that
'one great cause of our difficulties is the enor-
mous amountofinterestthe Government ispay-
ing—not in consequence barely of the amount
which the Governmentpays. The Government
may pay six per cent, interest without being
utterly ruined ; but what follows ? Suppose an
individual has occasion to borrow $1,000, and
asks his neighbor to loan him that sum, what
does he say? "I cannot take less interest than
the Governmentpays me ; I am receiving nine
percent., and I must have that; I think I ought
to have ten, and if I change my investment I
ought to have twelve;" and it is paid. I tell
you, sir, the average rate of interest is raised
all over this country in all the business rela-
tions between man and man, and no part of the
country suffers from it more than the very sec-
tion from which the honorable Senator from
Indiana comes. _ In the State of Indiana the
average rate of interest is not less, in my judg-
ment, than ten per cent. Can men in business
make moneyand pay ten per cent, interest?
So long as this Government pays six per cent,
interest in coin, and we have a depreciated
currency so that it amounts virtually to be-
tween eight and nine per cent., every man in
the country has to pay the same or more. In
all the relations of business between man and
man the rate of interest will be more than the
Government is willing to pay, and business
will be crushed out beneath the weight of this
load of interest. There is the trouble. Still,
even the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Mortox,]
with all his knowledge upon this question and
his immense ability, does not see fit in his com-
prehensive survey of our situation to enumerate
that as one of the troubles under which we
labor.
Now what can we do ? Can we-reduce this
rate of interest? One thing we have a right
to do ; we are bound to pay the debt, that is,
the funded debt, and we have a right to pay
it in some form. The Senator from Indiana
yesterday gave us to understand that to pay
the funded debt to-day without paying off the
legal-tender currency would be a crime, and
he declared to us that by so doing we should
be on a par with the man who put off his daily
debts to his laborers to pay his long accept-
ances. That, he says, would be the compari-
son that ought to be made if we allow this
floating debt to continue as it is and pay in
any form the national debt; that is, the inter-
est-bearing debt. I say, on the contrary, we
have a right to pay it; it is no cri.ne to pay it.
And if the creditors object to payment of the
principal then they must accept a less rate of
interest.
What, then, shall we do? How shall we pay
it? The Senator tells us that there is a pecu-
liar sacredness about the legal-tender currency
by reason of which it ought to be paid off
to-day.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
1 Senator whether he proposes to pay the bonds
now or to shave them ?
Mr. DIXON. When I say pay I mean pay.
I say we have a right to pay them. I do not
say we have a right to shave them. I say we
have aright to pay the debt. We have also a
right to buy them in the market. The Senator
says—I have his language before me—that it is
a crime to pay the funded debt before we pay
the floating currency of the country, the green-
back currency, and he says they cannot be
paid under three years. To pay off the national
debtandstop the amount of interest before that
time has arrived is piracy and robbery accord-
ing to the honorable Senator.
I think the honorable Senator entirely mis-
takes the relation of the debt and the people.
He compares it to a debt between individuals.
He says if A owes B, A is bound to pay ; if
he does not, it is repudiation. There is a cer-
tain degree of truth hut also a great fallacy
| lurking under the Senator's proposition. What
I is this debt? It is the debt of the people
j to the people. It is the people's own debt.
I Who owe it? The people owe it. To whom
is it due? To the people. That is the condi-
tion of the national debt to a certain extent;
but a portion of that debt is not owned by
the people of this country. There is not a dol-
lar of the legal-tender currency which is not
held by the people of the country. A large
portion of the national debt is held out of the
country. If the people of this country find
that it is for their benefit to allow this debt due
from themselves to themselves to float among
themselves as currency for their business, hav-
ing no other, is that such an atrocity as the
Senator has represented it? With his inge-
nuity and his ability he may make it appear to
be a criminal matter; but certainly it is far
from being so. It is a matter of convenience
which shall be first paid, the interest-bearing
debt or the other. The people of this country
finally pay it all. It comes out of their labor.
If they find it more to their interest to pay the
funded debt and stop the interest than to pay the
debt which takes the form of currency between
themselves, they have a right to do so. It may
be a matter of uncertainty and doubt as to
which is the best policy ; but when it is treated
as a crime, and we are told it must not be done
