m)
THE CONGRESSIONAL♦ GLOBE.
Are tie- reconstruction laws themselves so
firmly intrenched upon constitutional grounds
(.hat a general revulsion of feeling among the
superior race might not find a ready excuse for
weeping from its foundations the whole work of
Radical reconstruction? Radicalism has not
itself been overscrupulous in the use of means.
Usurpation is a dangerous game for any party
to play, if it would have its work ■ outlast the
passions from which it derived its power to
tyrannize and proscribe.
Of course, the late elections have continued
. in the hands of the Republican party the power
to enforce their policy for two years longer.
JBut now, since the election of General Grant
has in the eyes of all men insured the safety
of the Union, there will be less excuse for
sectional ancl personal proscription. Those
caricatures of republican government imposed
by the stranger and the negro upon the dis-
franchised white race of the South had become
abhorrent to the public mind of the North
long before the late presidential election. But
the shadowy ghost of an extinct rebellion filled
the popular imagination with false alarms
and frightened it from that forgiveness which
had become both safe and merciful. In so far.
therefore, as the late,elections have continued
the power of Radicalism it was a verdict ex-
torted from the fears of tho people rather than
their judgment upon the merits of the Radical
policy. Public confidence turned to Grant as
the unsuspected representative of a triumph-
ant Union, and the Republican party was
saved through him alone. Had he been the
candidate ot the Opposition, whom could rad-
icalism have elected over him ? Look to tho
October elections. Let the imminent danger
which threatened radicalism, even with Grant
as its candidate, answer the question. No other
name given under heaven among men could
have saved the Republican party from over-
whelming defeat and final condemnation. Was
it because Grant was tho representative of
Radicalism that worked this great salvation?
iiiverybndy knows better. Radicalism-.had'
been already repudiated, as the State Slfd
mumoipal_ elections in the North had for two
years indicated. Even after the sagacious
nomination at Chicago the handwriting was
still seen oil the wall. Even over against the
name of Grant, resplendent as it was with mil-
itary glory, the gathering cloud of threatened
disaster loweredT. There were names before
the Democratic National Convention at New
Xork which thrilled with apprehension the
Republican heart every time the electric wires
Hashed through the laud the Democratic roll-
call of tho States. -
I shall not pause to review the blunders from
winch others reaped a harvest which they did
not sow. Nor shall I calculate how many grains
ot common sense were needed in the balance in
winch .Democratic victory was that day weighted
down. 1 only refer to the irrevocable past for
the lesson which it teaches to your party, Mr.
Chairman, rather than to mine. The argument
which I desire to draw from it is this: that the
elements of Republican success at the late elec-
tions were derived ftom other sources than the
popular approval of the Radical policy. It was
the misfortune of my party, Mr. Chairman, to
expose itself to misrepresentation. It was the
fortune of yours to take advantage of it, and to
be permitted to inscribe with popular approba-
tion the winning words, "Let us have peace"
upon the banners of the party which had for
nearly four years in a time of profound peace
continued the worst consequences of war. Bat
Spring contradiction was not regarded, and
everywhere the Republican press and the Re-
publican orators proclaimed to the people that
t ic real question was whether the rebellion
siiould be renewed by a victorious Democracy,
or peace and union insured by the election of
general Grant. And now, having answered
its purpose, false and imaginary as the issue
was, I insist that it shall be held within the scope
of its logical application, and I maintain that
nothing ought to be considered as settled by
January 8,
the election of General Grant except that the
rebellion, shall not be renewed.
_ But, said" the gentleman from Maine, rising
higher in his flight toward the regions of pure
imagination, " With the election of General
Grant comes a higher standard of American
citizenship, with more dignity and character
to the name abroad and more assured liberty
and security attaching to it at home." High
sounding phrases, indeed. But no new stand-
ard of citizenship has been set up by General
Grant, and if we are compelled to seek for this
boasted standard of American citizenship in
the reconstruction policy of Congress, what do
we find ? Taking up the. latest illustration of
Radical reconstruction, the constitution just
prepared and ready to be fastened upon the
people of Virginia, (twenty-five thousand of
whom are excluded from the polls this day,) I
read in it that no inhabitant of that State shall
hold any State office unless he first takes an oath
to recognize and accept the political equality of
the negro. Neither shall any one who will not
take this oath be qualified to serve on a jury.
I find in the constitution of Alabama, rejected
by the people of that State, but afterward, nev-
ertheless, imposed upon them by Congress, the
same oath prescribed as a condition-precedent
to the registration of a voter. The same test
for the qualification of a voter exists in Arkansas
and in Louisiana, and in the constitution pro-
posed for Mississippi, the temporary rejection
of which has lod to the continued exclusion of
the latter kState from representation in Con-
gress. Georgia having been admitted to rep-
resentation, is now threatened with expulsion
unless she will allow negroes to sit in her Legis-
lature.
In some form in all the reconstructed States
of the South fidelity to the dogma of a party
is thus made the teat of American citizenship.
Upon condition of allegiance to the Repub-
lican party, however, all former rebels against
the Government, however red-handed, are to
be forgiven and exalted. The constitution of
Arkansas, for example, provides, that certain
classes ol ex-rebels shall not register as voters,
including those, in express terms, who during
the late rebellion violated the rules of civilized
warfare. But all of them shall vote notwith-
standing, even those who, in violation of the
rules of civilized warfare, deliberately mur-
dered Union prisonei*sin cold blood, or helped
to destroy them by lingering tortures in prison
pens, provided"—and I now quote the very
words ot the constitution approved by Con-
gross—"provided that all persons included,"
&c., (m the disfranchised classes) "who have
openly advocated, or who have voted for the re-
construction proposed by Congress, and accept
the equality of all men before the law shall be
deemed qualified electors under this constitu-
tion."
If we turn to the constitution of Louisiana
we find similar proscriptions and pardons. No
traitor is there too black for Radical absolu-
tion provided he will swear that the negro is his
political equal, andjie can ventilate his loyalty
under that clause of the Louisiana constitution
Yvhich takes all the disfranchised Radicals out of
the lists of the proscribed by the accommodating
proviso ' that no person who, prior to the 1st
of January, J8C8, favored the execution of the
laws ot the United States popularly known as
the reconstruction acts of Congress, and openly
and actively assisted the loyal men of the
State (to wit, the Radicals) in their efforts
to restore Louisiana to her position in the
union, shall be held to be included among
those herein excepted." Among the pro-
scribed I find those who in the advocacy of
the lebellion wrote or published a newspaper
article or preached a sermon during the war.
lhey shall not vote in Louisiana unless they
are in favor of the reconstruction policy of
Congress, and swear to the doctrine of negro
equality. But they who, iu the advocacy of
treason, wrote it in bloody characters with their
swords and preached sermons against the
union through the cannon's mouth, they
shall, nevertheless, be clothed with all the
attributes of citizenship in the State, provided
they will swear allegiance to negro < equality,
and have been willing to aid in the enforce-
ment of Radical reconstruction.
In further illustration of these sublime tests
of loyalty and citizenship, in their operation
even upon northern men, let me suppose a
ease, of which there may be many examples
now and likely to be many more hereafter.
Suppose a northern citizen of the United
States, who, as a volunteer soldier of the Union
Army during the civil war, had done his share
toward the redemption of our common coun-
try, and, with the idea of improving his for-
tunes, should emigrate to one of the southern
States—to Arkansas, for example, or to Louis-
iana. After residing there the requisite time,
suppose he were to offer to register as a voter.
The first test of qualification to which he would
be subjected would be the oath in favor of ne-
gro equality. If, by reason of his convictions
of the unsoundness and impolicy of the doc-
trine of negro equality, he could not conscien-
tiously take the oath, disfranchisement wonld
be the inevitable- penalty. Nor would a shat-
tered constitution, broken down in the service
of his country, nor a limb lost, it may be, in
fighting the battles of the Union, save him
from being driven from the polls. But not so
would it happen under the new dispensation
to the rebel who had shed the blood and shot
off the limb of this disfranchised Union soldier.
The rebel can vote, however red his hand has
been with Union blood, provided he is willing
to swear that lie is politically no better than a
neyro, and has advocated and voted for the
reconstruction policy of Congress. Beneath
the level of such a yoke, and through such par-
tisan crevices must hundreds of thousands of
disfranchised white men creep before they can
become the political equals of the negro or
make their present fidelity to their country of
any avail.
Such are the new tests of loyalty and suffrage
which Radical reconstruction has prescribed,
exemplifying that higher standard of: Ameri-
can citizenship which the gentleman from Maine
so grandiloquently prefigured.
By such tenures is American citizenship held
in more than ten States of the Federal Union.
Such are the standards prescribed by a party
which retains power by the votes of black bar-
barians and the wholesale disfranchisement of
white conservatives. It can no longer be said
that the three hundred thousand white men
who have been stripped of their rights of cit-
izenship by the acts of this Congress are thus
degraded because of their former rebellion.
This will not be believed when enabling acts
are constantly being passed by Congress re-
moving the political disabilities of subservient
rebels by hundreds and thousands, while from
these bills of amnesty tho name of every sus-
pected conservative is first carefully expunged
as he were afflicted with political leprosy.
Ihe iron-clad oath has long ago become but a
spike upon which to impale conservatives,
there are Representatives from southern
States .with seats on this floor, in full fellow-
ship and communion with the Radical major-
ity, from whose bodies the Union bullets have
never been extracted, and who bear upon
their persons the scars of wounds received in
their desperate endeavors to capture and de-
stroy this very Capitol where, as loyal men,
they now sit m judgment. They succeeded in
capturing the Capitol, not with rebel bullets,
but by the aid of Radical ballots.
1 have no charges to make against these
gentlemen. I complain not of their presence
nere, ior 1 am in favor of universal amnesty.
But that they should be here to the exclusion
or others, not by virtue of their obedience to
the_ laws and their renewed allegiance to the
Union, but solely because they have prostrated
themselves before the Radical idol and shout
, ""bboletlx ot a party, conveys to the mind
no very exalted idea of theadvancing standard
or impartial American citizenship.
