1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
40th Cong....3d Sess.
National Debt—Mr. Dixon.
Senate.
lest we should become pirates and robbers, it
is certainly a misapprehension of terms, a mis-
use of language.
The Senator has presented here a scheme
which, I must say, 1 am compelled to disap-
prove of. 1 hare examined it, and I listened
to his able speech, much of which I agree
with, and all of which I admire for its ability.
But I think his scheme, if carried out, would
be a scheme of protracted agony, of long-con-
tinuing misery up to the time when he proposes
specie payments to be made. Let that scheme
be carried out, and everything under which
we are now suffering would be intensified, in
my judgment. What does he propose? He
proposes to hoard gold for a long period; he
proposes that the banks shall keep all the gold
that is paid in to them; he proposes, in short,
a scheme which would compel that which he
considers injurious, contraction. He declares
that the Government must not contract- But
suppose the banks contract in the way pro-
posed ? I will not go into that. I have not
time nor strength to go through the whole of
that subject.
The Senator supports his plan by what seem
to me to be some very great, and I will say
alarming, fallacies. In the first place the Sen-
ator commences by telling us that the currency
is not expanded to a very great extent more
than in 1860. How does he show that ? He
adds some items to the currency that I never
heard called currency before except by Mr.
Micawber. He declares that promissory notes
and bills of exchange constituted at that time
a part of the currency, and should be offset
against our currency now, thus showing we had
the same amount then as now. There may be
a case in which a bill of exchange payable at
sight may come to be considered a part of the
currency, although as a general rule it does
not. It is the same as a check on a bank. Is
that currency ? Suppose the Senator goes to
his bank and takes out money, gives his check
for it himself, and pays it out, are both the
check and money to be considered currency ?
What difference does it make if he gives me
the check and I get the money ? The check is
not money. It is a mere voucher, proof, evi-
dence that a certain amount of money has been
p:ud upon it. But he makes both currency.
Then he speaks of promissory notes. I will
read what he said upon that, for it struck me
as a very singular idea in regard to promissory
notes and their nature:
" It is said by many that the currency is redundant
and that we cannot return to specie payments until
contraction has taken place."
Then he goes on to calculate what the amount
of the currency is. He says:
" The bank notes of the northern States were not
current in the southern States,and viceversa. Hence
the payment of debts and commercial transactions
between different parts of thecoun try were conducted
by bills of exchange and promissory notes, which
amounted to many hundred millions of dollars during
the year."
I never heard of any one who considered
that a mode of payment except our distin-
guished friend, Micawber, who felt his mind
entirely relieved when he had given his note;
the thing was then off his mind and honorably
settled and paid. Promissory notes were given,
and are still, but they paid no debt; the debt
still existed. But what does the Senator go
on to say ? He says, they now being out of the
question, there is $100,000,000 of currency
used m their place sent by express agents. He
admits, then, that the currency is vastly in-
creased and inflated to that extent.
The question is, whether there is a greater
amount of currency now in existence and
alloat in the channels of business than there
was in 1860. The honorable Senator says
there is not. 1 think that is an alarming
idea, because I undertake to say that-among
the causes of the depreciation of the currency
is the amount of it now outstanding, which,
as I shall hereafter show, he says has no
effect as a cause of its depreciation. One
great difiicully with us is the amount of our
floating currency as well as the amount of our
funded indebtedness. I began by saying that
the weight of our immense burden, the incon-
ceivable amount of our funded and floating
debt, was the evil under which we are suffer-
ing, and the vast amount of interest also paid
upon it upon all business loans by the people
of this country. I should not comment upon
this mistake which I think the Senator has
made if I did not think it an alarming idea to
go out to the country; beeause what follows?
If the currency is not expanded, if that is not
an evil, if the depreciation has not been caused
in any degree by the expansion, then we may
expand still further without causing any fur-
ber depreciation. If the Senator is correct,
you may unfund, if I may use the expression,
the whole national debt without depreciating
the national currency; for what does he fur-
ther tell us? He goes on to say that the
amount of the currency has nothing to do with
its depreciation; and he actually says that if
the amount of currency was only $1,000,000,
if it was irredeemable and unredeemed, it
would be depreciated as it is now.
Mr. MOIITON. I do not wish to interrupt
the Senator, but he is mistaken. I did not say
in my speech that the amount of the currency
bad nothing to do with the depreciation of it.
I said the existence of the bonded debt was
not the cause of the depreciation of the cur-
rency. I argued that the currency was not
redundant; but I did not say anywhere that
the amount of the currency would have noth-
ing to do with the depreciation of it, because
that would not be true. If there was an ex-
cess of currency that very fact might increase
the depreciation. But I said the existence of
the bonded debt had but little to do with the
depreciation of the currency.
Mr. DIXON. If the Senator will allow me
to read from the report of his speech, whether
authorized or not I do not know, in the Na-
tional Intelligencer, he will find I have not
misrepresented him. He says:
" Here the Secretary reiterates bis former opfnion,
that by largely contracting the paper currency the
rest of it would be appreciated to par. How such
contraction would have this result he has never
shown, a.od the opinion results from a misapprehen-
sion of the causes which depreciate the paper cur-
rency. Suppose the greenback currency was con-
tracted down to one hundred millions, could the
remaining hundred millions be brought to par in any
other way than by making arrangements to redeem
it?"
Is not the inference from that directly that
the reduction to one hundred millions would
have no tendency to bring it to par ? But he
goes on further:
"You cannot pay a debt without paying it, and
every trick or device to bring the currency up to par
without making preparations to redeem it according
to the promise on its face will be abortive and dis-
astrous. The currency is depreciated because it is
overdue and dishonored, draws no interest, and there
is no time fixed or preparation made for its redemp-
tion ; and these causes would depreciate it if there
were but one million of it afloat."
He does not say depreciated to the same
amount; but that seems to be the inference,
because he has told us he does not agree with
the opinion of the Secretary that contracting
the paper currency would appreciate the bal-
ance to par. Now, let us take an example.
We will take A and B, each worth $100,000.
A has $10,000 of irredeemable paper in circu-
lation, and B has $1,000 of the same kind of
paper in circulation. Which of those liabilities
would be the most depreciated ? I take it, one
of the first questions a broker would ask, in
considering the value of the paper, would be,
"How much of it is on the market? How
much of this paper is in circulation?"
It is too plain for argument tbat the amount
of our currency is one of the greatest causes
of its depreciation. There are other causes to
which I shall allude. Elementary writers on
this question state that there are two causes
which go to the depreciation of public funds.
The first is a doubt as to their payment, whether
they will be finally paid at all. The second is
their vast amount. It will be observed tbat
the second reacts upon the first. But aside
from that, if you declare that it is perfectly
certain to be paid, when you find the amount
vast, it is depreciated in the very nature of
things, precisely as gold would be depreciated
if the amount of it in circulation was enormous.
If we had a currency of $2,500,000,000 of gold
to-day, the very fact of its amount would de-
preciate it. • It would become comparatively
worthless in consequence ; it would buy less.
If that is true of gold is it not equally true, and
still more true, of paper, aside from any ques-
tion as to the ability of the party to pay?
As I said I should not have commented upon
this, although I confess I think it a dangerous
fallacy, if the Senator had not gone further
and declared that the amount of the national
debt, the funded debt, had no effect whatever
upon the depreciation of onr currency. Let me
consider that for a single moment. In the first
place, suppose our national debt to-day were
canceled, aud we had our whole legal-tenders
to pay, what would be our condition ? The
Senator may theorize. It is very easy to in-
volve this question in doubt and uncertainty
by theories ; but let us look at the fact. What
would be our condition? We would have
$150,000,000 in goldpaidin asduties every year;
no national debt to pay off; no interest to be
paid; every dollar of that to be appropriated to
the payment of the floating currency ; and still
the existence of the funded debt, the interest of
which exhausts a large portion of our revenue,
has no depreciating effect whatever 1 It has
this fatal effect: it exhausts our means of pay-
ment. the very worst effect possible. If 1 find
tbat a man's means of payment in a certain
direction are exhausted I have some little
doubt whether he can pay in another direction.
The Senator, I think, will see that he greatly
erred in instructing the people of this country
that the amount of their debt had nothing to
do with the depreciation of the currency. If
so, there is little reason for economy ; there is
no ground for trying to diminish our expenses,
or for trying to reduce our debt, except to
reduce a certain amount of interest. When I
hear fallacies stated in this body which have
gone abroad in the public press with approba-
tion, and which I think are dangerous, 1 must,
so far as I can, attempt to counteract them.
Sir, the amount of the funded and unfunded
debt is our great evil. How are the two
divided ? There is no difference between them
in one sense; they are to be considered as a
unit—all as one national debt. A part of it
pays interest, and part of it does not; and
still we are told that the only evil is with that
part which does not pay interest, and that it is
of no consequence how much we pay interest
on so far as the depreciation of the unfunded
portion is concerned. Why, sir, the very re-
verse is true. If the Senator could, in justice
to the bondholders and without injuring the
business of the country by the ruinous inflation
of prices, unfund the whole national debt and
reduce it to a currency among the people, then
he would relieve them from an immense burden;
but the other evil, that of inflation, would,
perhaps, be the greatest.
The Senator proposes to force the resump-
tion of specie payments by legislation, and he
has a long-coutinuing plan by which wo are to
reach it. I must say 1 think the plan of the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. SuMXEft] is
better, although I doubt whether his is practi-
cable. The benator from Indiana proposes to
reach specie payments by a long, grinding
process upon the people of the country, which
would, in my opinion, redouble the evils under
which we are now laboring.
I beg leave to say to that Senator and to
other Senators that I very much doubt the
possibility of resuming specie payments by
legislation. It never yet has thus been done
