1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1223
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
if this resolution should be agreed to, the tax
bill will still have priority until disposed of.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Does the resolution
include to-morrow night?
Mr. SPALDING-. No, sir; it does not.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I think it does from
the reading.
The SPEAKER. On what evening does
the gentleman from Ohio propose that his res-
olution shall commence operating?
Sir. SPALDING. On Wednesday evening.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Itisnow
the rule of the House that the internal tax bill
shall have precedence. If we suspend the
rules and say that after Wednesday evening
the Committee on Appropriations shall have
precedence, will not that revoke the order in
favor of the tax bill?
The SPEAKER. It does not by the usage
of the House, as the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will see when the Chair states the
reason. All special orders of the House are
made by a suspension of the rules, or by unani-
mous consent; generally by a suspension of
the rules. And they come up for considera-
tion in the order of their priority.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Would it
be in order to move to suspend the rules for
the purpose of rescinding the order giving the
tax bill the priority in Committee of the Whole
during evening sessions?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order when no other business is under consid-
eration.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would inquire of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schkxck] if
he expects to get the tax bill through both
Houses of Congress this session?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think there is any
difficulty m answering that in the affirmative,
if gentlemen will attend in their places here,
and aid the action of the Committee of the
Whole. I have assurances from prominent
Senators that they are watching the progress of
the tax bill with interest, and that they do not
apprehend that many amendments will be pro-
posed to it in the Senate. I think if we get it
through the House it will very probably pass
the Senate. Its getting through the House I
admit will depend upon getting gentlemen to
attend here in their places, to discharge their
public duties by voting upon it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I asked the ques-
tion because there seems to be a general im-
pression that, the bill cannot pass, and on that
account I think many members remain away
from the night sessions.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Spalding.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sfalding] to so
modify his motion or resolution as to provide
that all prior orders shall give way to this after
the time named. That will give the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Schenck] to-night and to-morrow night for his
tax bill.
Mr. SPALDING. I prefer to have it in its
present form. I think two nights will be
enough for the tax hill.
The question was then taken on the motion
of Mr. Spalding ; and (two thirds voting in
the affirmative) the rules were suspended, and
the order made accordingly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
move that the rules be suspended for the pur-
pose of introducing and agreeing to the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That from and after Tuesday next the
order lor ovening sessions for the consideration of the
internal revenue bill be revoked.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 81, noes 42; not two
thirds in the affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. BuTMttr, of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Beck were appointed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to say that there
is no necessity of having more than one even-
ing session to dispose of the revenue bill, if
gentlemen will but attend. And I give notice
that I will insist upon a call of the House to-
night, if there is no quorum present.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 66, noes 48.
So (two thirds not voting^in the affirmative)
the rule3 were not suspended.
RECUSANT WITNESS—FLORANCE SCANNEL1.
Mr. BROOKS. For some days past I have
had on my desk a respectful memorial from a
constituent of mine. I am sorry to take up the
time of the House now, but I feel it my duty
to present it to the House, and I hope it will
meet with no opposition. It is respectful in
tone, and I ask that it may be read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can have
it read as a part of his remarks upon some
privileged motion, if he has one to make.
Mr. BROOKS. Then I make a privileged
motion, that Florance Scannell be discharged
from the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms of
this House, and in support of that motion I ask
that the Clerk read as a part of my remarks
the paper I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Honorable the House of Representatives of the
United States of America in Congress assembled:
This humble petition of the undersigned respect-
fully showeth that your humble petitioner is now in
the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House of
Representatives of the United States and restrained
of his personal liberty for an alleged contempt of
the power and authority of your honorable body,
and to be discharged from his present imprison-
ment on payment of the costs and charges of his
arrest. Now, your humble petitioner would beg
leave to say that in refusing to disclose the name of
a gentleman which had been intrusted to him in
confidence he meant no contempt of your honorable
body whatever, but was only acting up to his poor
conception of the simple obligations of common hon-
esty, which forbade him to violate the trust reposed
in him, and in doing so lio had no idea he would
become offensive to your honorable body. "The
very head and front of his offending had this extent,
no more:" and if he has thus unwittingly brought
contempt upon your honorable body he is now will-
ing to repair the injury so far as it may be in his
power by respectfully and humbly begging pardon
for his unintentional wrong. He would further state,
that he very much regrets that your honorable body
deemed it inconsistent with a high sense of public
duty to discharge him irom imprisonment without
payment of costs, and as he suspects that .such reso-
lution was influenced in some degree by the impres-
sion that he was the owner of a trotting horse named
Hero and a diamond breastpin, he begs leave most
humbly and respectfully to say that he is not the
owner of the said trotting horse, Hero, or of any
horse, of any gait or name whatsoever, and that the
credulity of gentlemen who believe such a report has
been practiced upon, no doubt, by some onedisposed
to injure your petitioner in your honorable estima-
tion. With regard to the diamond pin,ho begs leave
humbly to confess that he has in his possession
such an article, the gilt and memento of a very dear
friend. Of what water the jewel maybe he is utterly
ignorant, as he is neither a professional lapidary nor
a connoisseurof precious stones; he supposes ittrue,
however, that he might by putting it in pledge pro-
cure a sufficient sum to pay the costs of his arrest;
but as it has, fiom the peculiar circumstances under
which itwas presented to him, a far greater value in
his estimation than its simple intrinsic worth, he
dislikes the idea of intrusting it to a pawnbroker,
for, as he is not a judge of jewels, he fears a paste
imitation might possibly be substituted for it. He
says further, that he has been informed that the
present Sergeant-at-Arms declines a reelection, and
as the successor of that honorable and faithful gen-
tleman has not yet been named, he has no idea into
what hands his jewel might fall if deposited with
him.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I rise to a question of
order. Is this a question involving the privi-
leges of this House?
The SPEAKER. This paper is being read
as a portion of the remarks of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. I raise the point of
order that this is not a question involving the
privileges of this House; that it is not a viola-
tion of the privileges of this House if this man
is kept in custody.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, first, because the uniform usage
of the House has always treated resolutions of
this character as privileged questions; and sec-
ondly, because, in the pressure of business
incident to the close of a session, if a question
ofthis matter were not. privileged a majority of
the House, though desirous to discharge a wit-
ness, might not have an opportunity to do so
under the rules.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The witness would be
discharged by the operation of the Constitution.
The SPEAKER. He would be, at the end
of the session.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain two questions of order at the same time.
For the reasons just stated the Chair overrules
the point of order raised by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell.] The gentle-
man, on examining the precedents in the Con-
gressional Globe, will find that in the first place
a proposition to compel the attendance of a
refractory witness has always been treated as
privileged, and a motion or resolution to dis-
charge such a witness has also been treated as
privileged, the one following the other. The
Chair will now hear the question of order which
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Robin-
son] desired to raise a moment ago.
Mr. ROBIN SON. The Speaker's ruling sat-
isfies me.
Mr. DICKEY. I rise to a question of order.
Is there not now on the table a resolution of
the same purport as this now offered by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks?]
The SPEAKER. There is,
Mr. DICKEY. Then I submit that it is not
in order to offer the same proposition again as
a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides  *
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair most decline
at the present time to entertain the point of
order of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Robixson.] The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Dickey] has raised a point of order,
upon which the Chair has not yet ruled.
Mr. ROBINSON. I think that my point
of order would have preference.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Under the rules, the point of order first raised
must be first decided. Two points of order
cannot be entertained at the same time.
Mr. ROBINSON. The Chair would decide
in my favor if he would hear my point. [Laugh-
ter.]
The SPE AKER. The gentleman fromPenn-
sylvania [Mr. Dickey] makes the point of
order that as the House has once refused to
discharge this witness, the proposition for his
disch arge cannot be again offered as a privileged
question. The Chair overrules the point of
order. There might now exist a different state
of facts from those existing when the former
decision of the House was made; and upon a
different state of facts the House might decide
differently. This ruling of the Chair is also
in accordance with the uniform usage. The
Clerk will continue the reading of the paper
which the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] has sent up to be read as a part of
his remarks.
The Clerk read as follows :
" He would therefore mosthumbly and respectfully
pray your honorable body to pass a resolution that
your humble petitioner be discharged from custody
on his depositing his breastpin in the Treasury of the
United States."
Mr. COVODE. I call upon the Chair to
decide whether the language of this paper is
proper and respectful; whether the presenta-
tion of such a paper is not treating the House
with disrespect? I think we have listened to
enough of this.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Covode] makes the point of
order that the language of this communication
presented by the gentleman from New York as
a part of his remarks, but coming, as the gen-
tleman stated, from the witness himself, is not
respectful to the House. The Chair sustains
the point of order, and decides that the lan-
guage of the paper is not respectful to the
House of Representatives.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 ask the Chair to state in
what respect this paper, which has been read
as a portion of my remarks, is not respectful.
Mr. WARD. I object to my colleague [Mr.
Brooks] proceeding. His remarks, or what
