2?2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
cent, only; and whereas the bill now pending in
Congress calls for a duty of only twelve to fifteen per
cent, ad valorem: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and Bouse of Mepresentatives
cf the State of Michigan in Legislature assembled, That
the Senate4>f the United States be, and are hereby,
most respectfully but earnestly and specially called
upon to give this most important mesisure, now in
their hands, a favorable consideration; and the Sen-
ators from Michigan are hereby instructed, and our
Representatives in Congress are requested, to use all
honorable means to promote the passage of the bill
referred to. MORGAN BATES,
President of the Senate.
UlUL] J. J. WOODMAN, '
Speaker of the Mouse of Representatives,
Approved;
HENRY P. BALDWIN,
Governor of the State of Michigan.
By the Governor:
SAMUEL H. ROW,
Deputy Secretary of State.
The resolution was ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
Mr. CONNESS. Ipresentameraorialsigned
by about fifty or more distinguished citizens,
being composed of professors of our colleges
and mining schools and leading citizens and
experts in metallurgy, who pray for the ap-
pointment of a commission to visit the mines
of Europe and report upon the mode of treat-
ing ores containing the precious metals. This
is a very important communication; and for the
convenience of the committee, as it is a brief
one, I ask that it be printed and referred to
the Committee on Mines and Mining.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The peti-
tion will be printed if there be no objection,
and it will be so referred.
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I present a pe-
tition of citizens of Georgia, setting forth that
it is impossible for an avowed Union man to
live in the rural districts of that Stato ; that in
<>thei r Mtions of the State a man may enter-
tain Unicoi sentiments, but dare not proclaim
them; that it is impossible to bring to justice
the assailants or murderers of Union men;
tiiat intimidation, fraud, and violence are em-
ployed to force a certain class of citizens of
Goorgia_ to vote contrary to their interests and
inclinations j that palpable and indiscriminate
violatious ot the provisions of the fourteenth
article amendatory of the Constitution of the
United States are committed; that legislation
is absolutely necessary, but the petitioners
do not presume to advise as to wliat legislation
is necessary. I move that this petition be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I present a memorial signed
by Garrett Guest, llenry 0. Monroe, William
Newkirk, and Colonel William Budd, aged
respectively eighty-eight, eighty-two, seventy-
seven, and eighty years, asking for pensions to
the old soldiers of the warof 1812. They say.
"We have seen with regret that bills have been
gotten up for the relief of the old soldiers, but
were always laid over for want of time to act
on them; butTime waits not for the old sol-
dier, but hurries him to his final resting-place,
from whencc comes no petition, no look to yon
ior aid." i move the reference of the memo-
rial to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of the
sugar refiners _ of Philadelphia, praying for a
new classification of sugars for tariff purposes ;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance,
lie also presented a memorial of the Phila-
delphia Board of Trade, protesting against any
further extension of the bankrupt law, known
as the fifty per cent, provision ; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HARLAN. I present the memorial of
T. B. Stevenson, Mary E. Foster, and several
hundred other citizens of the United States,
praying that the preamble to the Constitution
of the Omted States may be amended, so as to
read as follows:
Wo. the people of Hie United States, [humbly
aeknowledgiiiK A!uiif.'lity God as the source of all
authority ind power iu eivil government, the Lord
Jesus Christ as the Ituler among the nations, and
IIi  revealed will as of supreme authority, in order
to constitute a "Christian government, andj in order
to form a more' perfect union, establish justice, in-
sure domestic tranquillity, provide for the common
defense, and promote the general welfare, do ordain
and establish'this Constitution for the United States
of America.
And that such changes be introduced into
the body of the Constitution as may be neces-
sary to give effect to these amendments in the
preamble, I .move the reference of the memo-
rial to the Committee on tnl Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the memorial of
the Lincoln Monument Association, praying
for a donation of old cannon for the erection
of their monument; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Mrs. Ellen
Callaman, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented the petition of Horaco
Peck, of Charlton, Massachusetts, praying for
a pension ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on -Pensions.
He also presented the petition of L. Mer-
chant & Co., praying to be refunded the amount
realized by the Government for the sale of the
bark Ingomar; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. RICE presented the memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Arkansas, in favor of
the sale of the reservation known as the " Hot
Springs reservation which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of Arkansas, asking aid of
Congress in the building of a levee and railroad
bed along the west bank of the Mississippi
river; which was referred to the Committee
011 the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
Frances Masich, for relief from liability in con-
sequence of the condemnation of certain cotton
brought out under permits of Admiral Farragut
and others; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. TRUMB ULL. I present the memorial of
John N. Farwell & Co. and ninety-nine others,
leading business men and merchants of the city
of Chicago, asking the Senate to take into favor-
able consideration the bill which has passed the
House of Representatives for increasing the
tariff upon imported copper and copper ores.
They set forth in this petition that the amount
of duty upon imported copper is much less than
upon the other metals, and that this House
bill ought to pass. I believe the bill is pend-
ing before the Senate, having been reported
from the Committee on Finance, and I there-
fore move that the petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of
sugar refiners of Portland, Maine, praying for
a new classification of sugar for tariff purposes;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. YATES presented the memorial of
Lerenzo Sherwood, against the creation of rail-
road monopolies by congressional legislation ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. CONKLING presented the memorial
of the Chamber of Commerce of the State of
New York, praying that the New York, New-
foundland, and London Telegraph Company
have permission to land its submarine cable
upon the shores of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a petition of
citizens of the United States, asking aid for
the establishment of a line of transatlantic
steamers, and that the Postmaster General be
authorized to contract with such a line for the
transmission of the mails. I present with it
a bill referred to in the petition, and I prefer
to present it as a part of the petition. 1 have
not examined it, and express no opinion upon
its merits; b.ut I move that, with the petition,
it be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
' Mr. WlLLEY presented the petition of suf-
ferers from the raid in July, 1864, upon Wash-
ington, praying for an appropriation to pay
their claims, which have been audited by a
board of officers approved by General Augur,
the report being on file in the War Depart-
ment; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. POMEROY presented the memorial of
the Denver, Central and Georgetown Railroad
Company, asking a grant of lands to aid in
the construction of their road; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. NYE presented the memorial of Miss
M. Pistor, asking relief for damages sus-
tained by her from the use and injury by the
troops to her property in Baton Rouge, Louis-
iana, known as the St. Mary's Female Acad-
emy; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. CRAGIN presented a memorial of sev-
eral hundred citizens of New Hampshire, ask-
ing for certain additions to and amendments
of the pension laws ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Captain
William Badger, asking that the thirty-three
and a third per cent, increase on the pay
proper may be continued to the officers of the
Army; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. FERRY presented the petition of mem-
bers of the Stratford Coast Guard of the State
of Connecticut, in the war of 1812. praying to
be allowed back pay and pensions; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WHYTE presented the memorial of
John W. Garrett and John King, jr., remon-
strating against the increase of the duty on
imported steel; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance. -
He also presented resolutions of the Board
of Trade of Baltimore city, protesting against
the passage of the bill increasing the duty on
copper; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the memorial of the Bare
Hill Mining Company, of Maryland, remon-
strating against the passage'of the bill imposing
increased duties on copper; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. COLE. I present a petition of some
thirty or more of the principal tobacconists in
San Francisco. California, praying the passage
of a law authorizing the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue to issue free stamps for tobacco
on hand upon which the tax has already been
paid, and that smoking tobacco put up in larger
than pound packages may be stamped without
repacking. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE presented the petition of James
F. Johnson, praying the removal of the civil
disabilities imposed on him by acts of Congress;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. CATTELL presented the memorial of
the National Association of Dealers in For-
eign and Domestic Spirits in Bond, asking
for a change in the bonded warehouse regula-
tions iu regard to domestic spirits in bond;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. WARNER presented a resolution
adopted at a mass meeting held in the city of
New York, in favor of an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States that will rec-
ognize and guaranty the right to vote and
hold office to all persons, both white and black;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
Clark Hall, a soldier of the war of 1812, pray-
ing to beallowed a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented a
memorial of manufacturers of hair cloth, pray-
ing an amendment to the tariff law so as to
increase the duty upon thatarticle ; which wag
referred to the Committee on Finance.
