1869.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will yield to the gentle-
man for that purpose.
-Mr. BOUT WELL. Mr. Speaker, I think
there are two fatal objections to the proposi-
tion coming from the Senate. I could enumer-
ate many others of great magnitude; but in
regard to the proposition concerning suffrage,
if there is any one purpose we have had in view
in regard to this amendment of the Constitu-
tion it has been to secure to the slave class the
right to vote. Now, then, this amendment, as
it comes from the Senate, says there shall be
no discrimination in the right to vote or hold
office on account of race, color, nativity, edu-
cation, property, or creed. But the point I make
against this proposition is that it leaves it open
to the States to declare by law that persons who
have been held in slavery, or whose mothers
were slaves, shall neither vote nor hold office;
and this amendment to the Constitution, if
adopted, would furnish no means by which
that evil could be remedied, because the slave
class, as is well known, are of no specific color
and are of no particular race, and can only be
described by the use, in substance, of that
phrase, which gentlemeti here seem to avoid,
but which has grown out of the historical fact
of the age, and which we must meet by the use
of language explicit and clear. We must say
that there shall be no discrimination on account
of the previous condition of slavery. There is
no security in the proposition, as it comes from
the Senate, for this great class of American
citizens. And this is but one objection to the
first amendment of the Senate.
When we come to the second amendment of
the Senate, in reference to the selection of
electors, it should be borne in mind that while
these are to be submitted separately to the
Legislatures of the several States, we, under the
rules, are placed in such positions that if we
vote to concur, we vote to concur in both
propositions withoutanyabilityhereto separate
them.
Mr. BINGHAM.' Will the gentleman allow
me to correct him. Does he say that there
must be joint action on the two amendments?
Mr, BOUTWELL. Not upon the ratifica-
tion. What I say is that this House is in a
position where it must vote to concur or non-
concur, and there can be but one question upon
these propositions. If we vote to concur in
one, we concur on both, although the States,
when they come to act upon them, will vote
upon them separately.
But the objection to this second proposition
is this, that there is no provision that there is
to be a uniform rule in reference to the man-
ner of choosing electors. Congress is given
the entire control over the manner of choos-
ing electors. There is no provision that it shall
be uniform. In one State, with a majority
agreeing with the majority in Congress, they
may provide that they should be elected by
general ticket, while in States where the major-
ity of the people were in opinion against the
majority of Congress, Congress would provide
that the election should be by districts. You
would then put it in the power of a majority
of Congress to district the country, wherever
the district system would be advantageous, and
to provide that it should be by a general ticket,
where the majority in Congress could have the
advantage. I do not want my party friends put
in any such position as to resort to such a dis-
honorable practice as that, and I am sure that
I do not wish to give my opponents an oppor-
tunity to do so. But I am willing to leave this
matter to the House, and that the vote shall be
taken whether we shall not non-concur in the
Senate amendments, and let the whole matter
go to a committee of conference.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to make a word of
reply.
The SPEAKER. How much time does the
gentleman wish ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Ten or fifteen minutes.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The House is so pressed,
with business that I cannot yield to the gentle-
man for longer than ten minutes.
Mr-. BINGHAM. If I understand the re-
marks of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
he objects because this proposed amendment
of the Constitution does not also contain the
words " or on account of previous condition of
servitude." Do I understand the gentleman
correctly ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I do not wish to have
any discussion in reference to the matter. I
waived other important objections for the pur-
pose of presenting a statement to the House
of this one objection.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand this is the
objection.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I should object to sev-
eral other features of this amendment upon its
passage.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, if I thought
those who were once slaves, and, in the words
of Kent, natural-born citizens of the United
States under disability, but who are now free-
men and therefore citizens of the United States
under no disability, were not upon an equal
footing with other natural-born citizens, I would
agree with the gentleman and never vote for
this amendment at all even if it received the
assent of the House; but I differ from the gen-
tleman toto ccelo in his premises. I say that
since the adoption of the thirteenth and four-
teenth articles of amendment to the Constitu-
tion those who were once slaves—citizens, in
the language of Kent, under disability—are as
much free citizens without disability as any
other citizens in the Republic and under the
equal protection of the law. I only quote the
words of the great commentator himself when
I say further, in addition to what I have already
said, that the moment the condition of slavery
ceases they become citizens without disability.
The words "natural born" occur in the Con-
stitution. It also provides that all persons born
in the Republic, and also all persons of foreign
birth who may become naturalized, shall be cit-
izens of the United States. Now, I answer,
first, that if this amendment be passed by the
two Houses and is agreed to by three fourths
of the Legislatures of the States it will become
a part of the Constitntion of the United States.
Mr. JONES of Kentucky. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The confusion is so great that
we cannot hear the gentleman from Ohio at
all. If he would retain his seat on this side
of the House we could hear him a great deal
better.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am sorry my friend
from Ohio has deserted us. [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. If the amendment should
be concurred in, and it should afterwards be
ratified, I will undertake to say, as a Represent-
ative of the American people, that it would be
henceforth out of the power of any State of
the Union to discriminate against any class of
natural-born citizens of the Republic on account
of slavery or servitude. For one, having re-
flected much on this subject, I am now ready
to pass a law which shall be effective, and en-
forcing it in our own courts, against any such
despotism being attempted by any State in the
Union, in the event of the adoption and rati-
fication of this amendment.
I will add further, Mr. Speaker, that when
yon come to consider an amendment to the
fundamental law the question is, what is the
grievance to be remedied, what is the in-
jury, what is the wrong you wish to redress ?
I ask the gentleman from Massachusetts to
consider that there is not a State constitution
in America which disqualifies from office any
human being on account of previous condition
of servitude. The disqualification is on ac-
count of color, on account of the accident
of birth, on account of want of educational
qualifications, on account of creed, and on
account of want of property ; and all these
grievances are remedied and covered by this
amendment, every one of them. One reason
why I ask the House to concur is that this
Congress is in the last days of its existence,
and every man knows that unfinished business
does not survive, but perishes with it. By
refusing to concur with the • Senate you may
never have another opportunity of presenting
this question to the consideration of the Amer-
ican people. It is equal and just and right,
for it puts the political privileges of the natu-
ral born and naturalized citizens alike under
the protection of the laws, irrespective of color.
It is just and right in this, that it disposes of
discriminations made on account of faith in
the laws of New Hampshire; it disposes of
the discrimination ou account of nativity iii
the constitution of Rhode island, and of New
York on account of property. It disposes of the
discrimination in twenty or more States in
the Onion on account of color ; it puts the citi-
zens of the United States upon an equal foot-
ing, and I repeat, it puts it beyond the power
of any State to disfranchise any natural born
or naturalized citizen on account of nativity,
color, education, property, or creed.
As to servitude, that is embraced in the words
color, race, and nativity. It will be in vain to
look into any of the State constitutions for any
such disability, for they never undertook to dis-
criminate against any man on account of pre-
vious condition of servitude. Every man
knows that it would be a violation of the letter
and spirit of the proposed amendment, and
the thirteenth and fourteenth articles already
ratified.
As to the other objection raised about the
second article proposed by the Senate, I ask
the House to consider that the word "uni-
form' ' is not in the Constitution touching elec-.
tion of Representatives as it stands to-day.
The word is not there. It was not necessary;
for it was not presumed that any Congress
would attempt to set up one law for Ohio and
another law for Massachusetts.
Mr. BROMWELL. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. BROMWELL. I wish to call the gen-
tleman's attention to one thing. I should like
to know whether there is any provision incor-
porated anticipating the objection on account of
previous condition of servitude, and putting it
out of the power of any State to prevent any
citizen of the United States from voting on
account of former condition of servitude? The
gentleman from Ohio states, because the Con-
stitution makes them all citizens it is all right;
but cannot a State prevent a citizen from actu-
ally voting on account of this very circumstance?
Mr. BINGHAM. Not at all. Thatiswhat
Ianticipated ; that if this amendment be passed
a State can do no such thing, and the sugges-
tion of the gentleman ought to be a reason why
we should not send the amendment back to the
Senate for its action. I will make this sugges-
tion in connection with it; although I admit
that if the additional words " previous condi-
tion of servitude" were putin I still would vote
for it, for the reason that I do not think it
changes the legal effect of it at all.
Mr. BROMWELL. But striking it out might
change the legal effect of it.
Mr. BINGHAM. Not atall; it is not there
now to be stricken out. T will make this sug-
gestion : that if you put these words in the Con-
stitution, "shall not discriminate on account
of previous condition of servitude," then by
every known rule of construction it would
imply that discrimination might be made on
account of some future condition of servitude.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas
sachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
yield to me?
Mr. BOUTWELL. For what purpose?
Mr. WOODWARD. I desire to move an
amendment.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot yield for that
purpose.
Mr. WOODWARD. Perhaps the gentleman
will when he hears what my amendment is.
Mr. BOUTWELL. _ I have a very distinct
opinion upon that subject.
