274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
of a marshal of the United States in the several
districts through which it may be necessary for
him to pass with the prisoner, so far as such
power is requisite for his safe keeping, If any
person or persons shall knowingly and willfully
obstruct, resist, pr oppose such agent in the
execution of his duties, or shall rescue or at-
tempt to rescue such-prisoner, whether in the
custody of the agent or of any marshal, sheriff,
jailor, or other officer or person to whom his
custody may have lawfully been committed,
every person so knowingly and willfully offend-
ing in the prenaisss, shall, on conviction thereof
before the district or circuit court of the United
States for the district in which the offense was
committed, be fined not exceeding $1,000 and
imprisoned not exceeding one year.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to say to the
Senator from Illinois that I have received some
printed communications in regard to this meas-
ure, and also a rather lengthy written commu-
nication, winch I desire to lay before the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee before the bill
shall be acted upon by the Senate; but I have
been so occupied that I have not been able to
do it thus far. If the Senator from Illinois
will allow the bill to lie over until to-morrow
it will afford me an opportunity of handing to
him and some other gentlemen of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary these communications,
which I desire that they shall see.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill was considered
by the Committee on the Judiciary, and, I be-
lieve, had the unanimous assent of the com-
mittee in the form in which it is; but if the
Senator from Indiana has since received any
information in regard to it which he thinks
might change our views I have no objection to
its being further considered. Let it go over
until alter the committee meet. W'o meet the
day after to-morrow.
Air. HENDRICKS. Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that there
is any special haste, though I think it is a bill
that ought to be passed substantially as it is.
i am willing that it shall go over.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the further
consideration ot the bill be postponed until
to-morrow. «
miss sub mukptley. "v
The Senate, as in Committee of the WholW
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
025) for the relief of Miss Sue Murphey, of
Decatur, Alabama.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, it may seem
presumptuous on my part to attempt to add
to the arguments which have been presented
cither for or against this bill. I should not
ask the attention of the Senate at ali were I
not a member of the Committee on Claims,
and as such entertain fears lest a rule be
adopted which may much embarrass the Gov-
ernment hereafter.
The amount of property used up and de-
stroyed during the late rebellion is great almost
beyond comprehension. I suppose it safe to
say that ten billions, or ten thousand millions
hi value were destroyed in one way and an-
other. Of this sum, $2,500,000,000 are now
in the form of the national debt, and as much
more, I presume, has actually been paid from
the tune the war commenced down to this
time. That as much more as these two sums
has been destroyed in one way and another,
including slave property, 1 think there can
be no question. A great deal of the damage
eaused by the war is of that description that
there can be no compensation made for it; the
injuries being utterly irreparable. I think it
probable that we can draw a line of distinc-
tion between those for which compensation
should be niad© and those in which CGmpen-
siitiou cannot be made by establishing a rule
if it is not already established, that we will
pay all obligations arising out of contract, ex-
press or implied^ where the contract was with
loyal persons. That there may be some cuses
in which compensation should be made for
damages to loyal persons I will not attempt
to deny; but such cases, in my judgment, will
be extremely rare. If we undertake to make
compensation generally for damages incurred
by loyal people in the South or in the North
we shall find ourselves burdened utterly beyond
our ability to pay.
This case of Sue Murphey I believe is some-
thing like this: our Army took possession of a
portion of the rebellious State of Alabama,
and were holding the part in which Decatur is
situated; and while so holding that section of
that State it became necessary for them to erect
defensive works, forts, and fortifications, in
order to prevent their being driven out again
by the rebel forces; and it so happened that
the military engineers regarded the real estate
upon which the house claimed by Sue Mur-
phey was located as the proper site for such a
defensive work, and this work was absolutely
indispensable to our forces in order that they
might maintain their foothold in that State, in
order that they might retain possession of De-
eatur. I do not understand that the damage
for which compensation is now claimed comes
under the head of contract in any senso of the
word. I do not understand that" the property
taken possession of was of any absolute use to
the Government, such as property is of use to
the Government which is taken for quarter-
master's or commissary stores; butontbeother
hand that it was necessary to destroy it to get
it out of the way, and such was the only use
made of it.
I believe none of those who have argued in
favor of this claim have held that ground rent
should be paid for the property that was so
taken possession of. I do not understand that
that is an element of the claim, but that the
claim is simply for the destruction of the tene-
ments upon the ground. A great deal of dam-
age was done in the State of Pennsylvania by
the Union Army, necessarily done, in order to
repel the raid of Leo toward and at Gettys-
burg. This damage certainly was to persons
who were friendly to the Government. Wheat
fields were trampled over, fences destroyed,
trep cut down, and in seme cases buildings
•y much injured, if not absolutely destroyed;
d the same is true of the whole South; and
rt will be claimed, if it is not true, that much
of the damage which was so done was to per-
sons wh'o were actually friendly to the Gov-
ernment.
Some apprehension is expressed that we
may form an unfortunate precedent by the
passage of the bill now under consideration ;
but if this is to be regarded as a precedent in
all respects, and only for such cases as are, to
use a figure of my friend from New York, [Mr.
Coskling,] on all fours with this, including, if
you please, the sex of the claimant, there will
be, in my judgment, but little danger to be
apprehended ; for if Sue Murphey was a loyal
southern woman she was certainly a rare ex-
ception. It would be quite safe to say that no
other loyal southern woman has suffered injury
of this sort. But the danger is that it will be
regarded as a precedent for all classes in the
South, and that many who were actually dis-
loyal may come forward with their claims and
be able, perhaps, to show some facts from
which a friendly disposition toward the Gov-
ernment can be inferred, and thus put them-
selves upon as good a foundation as the claim-
ant in this case occupies.
It is further stated, in the course of the argu-
ment, that if this class of people in the South
are not to be compensated for the injuries which
they have Sustaiued there will be hereafter no
inducement on the part of any portion of the
inhabitants of a rebellious district to adhere to
the Government; that if they are, as is stated,
to be treated, in reference to the destruction of
property, as rebels are treated, then hereafter
they will cease to be loyal, and we must ex-
pect a united voice in any rebel distiict against
the Government and in favor of the rebellion.
But let us look a little into this argument. If
it, is understood that compensation is to be
made for injuries so sustained what induce-
ment is there to people in a rebel district to
exert themselves to maintain the Government?
They can sit quietly by and act the part of
neutrals, assured all the while that when the
war is over they will be compensated for the
injury they may have sustained. But if, on
the other hand, the rule is established that
persons are to suffer injury by reason of a
rebellion, then it will devolve upon every one
who is, friendly toward the Government to
exert himself to prevent the success of the
rebellion.
It is further stated that the constitutional
objection is good in this case, that private
property cannot-be taken for public use with-
out just compensation. This is a rule that has
but little application during wars. That it is a
proper and useful and just rule during times
of peace no one will attempt to question ; but
that it can apply in time of war is utterly be-
yond possibility. The rule goes to the extent
of requiring compensation to be made in ad-
vance of the taking of the property; and if it
is to apply in case of war the necessity would
devolve upon the military commander to halt
and have an appraisement made of property
that lie is about to take of a person, if you
please, friendly to the Government before he
could seize the property or destroy it. Will
any one say that it would be possible to put
down a rebellion, or that movements in defense
of the Government could be successful, if a
rule like this were to be applied? This rule
was practiced by some of the early command-
ers of our forces ; and the very fact of their
paying great resffeet to the rights of individ-
uals was the principal cause of the failure of
some of those who were most prominent in the
command of our forces during the earliest
years of the war. The fact is, the public safety
is the highest law, and higher than this provis-
ion of the fundamental law of the land. There
is nothing above it. It is so proclaimed in all
works that treat on this subject, and should be
regarded as a sufficient warrant for the destruc-
tion of property, even the property of loyal
persons.
If this claim is to be recognized it will do
much, in my judgment, to impair the public
credit. We are endeavoring in every possible
wayto establish the credit of the Government.
There is no possibility of estimating the amount
of claimants of this sort; and when once we
recognize them, when once we admit the rule
that where the property of loyal persons, or
those who can show themselves to be loyal,
has been used or destroyed its value is to be
paid for out of the general Treasury, every
creditor of the Government sees at once the
possibility of a flood-gate of claims opened
upon us, and it cannot but be disastrous to
the credit of the nation.
For these reasons, Mr. President, it seems
to me the claim of this person should not be
recognized at this time. If it should turn out
at last that this woman was no more loyal
than the females of that section of the coun-
try generally, and that this property was put
in her hands for the purpose of avoiding the
confiscation of it, certainly in that case the
tide of sympathy would settle in another direc-
tion. The desire has been to have this case
decided upon its own merits;,without reference
particularly to the character of the person
making the claim. It is regarded as a test
case, and therefore of the greatest possible
importance. I hope that when the vote is
taken it will receive a quietus which will dis-
courage all claimants of the sort, until at least
we are better able to meet our engagements
than appears in the present condition of the
national credit.
Mr. FOWLER addressed the Senate. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, the only
interest that I have taken, or that I feel in this
case, is that it seems to be put forward as a
case in which to try all the claims of the loyal
people in the insurrectionary districts. It is
on that account that I have looked into the
claim to see whether it is a good case in which
to try the multitude of claims that will bs
involved in this decision coming up from the
