1226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman ought
not to decide against me before lie hears me.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will yield to the gentle-
man tor a few remarks, if he desires.
Mr. WOODWARD. 1 desire to move an
amendment to the joint resolution which pro-
vides for submitting these amendments, so that
they shall be submitted to the Legislatures to
be elected next after the adoption of this reso-
lution. The object I have in view is to bring
these amendments before the people of the
States after they have had an opportunity to
elect Legislatures with a view to these amend-
ments. The evil now is that in no State has a
Legislature been elected with a view to this
Radical proposition upon the subject of negro
suffrage.
Now, what I want is to give the people of this
country an opportunity to pass upon that ques-
tion. If the gentleman really means that the
Constitution shall be amended in the spirit and
according to the letter of the Constitution
he can have no objection to submitting these
amendments to the people of this country.
You do not submit them to the people of the
country by submitting them to existing Legis-
latures. The only way in which you can bring
them before the people of the country, who
alone can amend their Constitution according
to its real theory and spirit, is by making the
submission of these amendments to future
Legislatures, to Legislatures to be elected after
the amendments are submitted.
That is the effect of the amendment I desire
to propose ; to amend the joint resolution by
inserting after the words " Legislatures of the
States" the words " hereafter to bo elected."
The SPEAKER. That amendment would
not be in order without unanimous consent,
for that portion of the joint resolution has been
agreed to by both Houses. Thatportion of the
joint resolution is therefore beyond the power
of amendment. It is only the portion upon
which the two Houses have disagreed that can
now bo amended.
Mr. WOODWARD. I very much wish the
House would give unanimous consent to have
such an amendment offered. The effect of it
would be simply to make this appeal to the
people of the country instead of to the Legis-
latures already chosen, without any reference
to these amendments.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot yield for an
amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me for a minute?
Mr. BOUTWELL, The gentleman asks for
a minute. I will vield to him for two minutes.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. In addition to
the objection made by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Boittivku,] to the second sec-
tion of tile Senate amendment in relation to the
election of electors, there is another which I
think should be undcrs'ood by the House. As
to Representatives in Congress, the Constitu-
tion reserves to Congress the power to regulate
the times, places, and manner of their election.
Iti tins amendment in regard to electors the
power is not reserved to Congress to prescribe
"the places" of their election. In time of re-
bellion that would be an exceedingly importaut
power, and one which Congress ought to have.
1 shall, therefore, vote to non-concur in that
amendment. It proposes to leave the national
Government in a condition of dependence on
the States, which hiay be fatal to our system.
1 wish to say farther that. I am a member of
the Committee on the Judiciary, which reported
the oiiginal proposition of amendment, though
I was not present at the time it was considered
in the committee. But I do not think that
amendment went far enough in securing suf-
frage beyond the power of States to impose
disabilities. I concur substantially in the prop-
osition of my colleague, [Mr. Shellabarger,]
and for which I voted in the House. But I
believe that this whole plan of attempting to
impose limitations upon State authority in
relation to suffrage will prove inadequate, inef-
fectual, and a failuie; and that there is no
correct mode but for the national Government
to take under its fostering care and protection
the whole subject of citizenship and suffrage.
We ought to have a constitutional amendment
declaring that it shall be the right of every
sane adult male citizen of the Republic, not
guilty of infamous crime, forever to enjoy the
elective franchise—-the right to vote by ballot
in convenient election districts—for every
officer to be elected under the State or national
Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] to concur in the amendments of the
Senate.
Mr. SCOFIBLD. Are the two amendments
divisible?
The SPEAKER. They are.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I ask that the amend-
ment of the Senate with regard to suffrage be
first voted upon separately.
The SPEAKER. The question will first be
taken upon concurring in the amendment of
the Senate with regard to suffrage. A two-
thirds vote is necessary to decide this question
in the affirmative.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The first amendment of the Senate was to
make the article in relation to suffrage read as
follows :
Section 1. No discrimination shall bo made in any
State among the citizens of the United St&tos in the
excrciso of tho cloclivo franchise or in tho riglit to
hold office in any Stato on account of racc, color,
nativity, property, education ororeed.
Sec. 2. Tho Congressshall have power to cnforce by
appropriate legislation tho provisions of this article.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 37, nays 133, not voting 52 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Axtell, Baker, Beatty, Bingham,
Buokland, Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Culloiu, Deweese,
Dickey. Dockery. Donnelly, Eggleston, Unugliey,
Hcaton, Asahel "W. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Kitchen,
George V. Lawrence,William Lawrence, Nunn.Orth,
Pile, Plants, Poland, Seotield, Shanks, Spalding,
Stover, Thomas, Jolm Trimble, RobertT. Vaiifloi-.i,
Word, Wellser, .James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
and Stephen t'\ "Wilson—-37.
NAYS—Mossrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Banks, Barnum, Boaimm, Bock, Benja-
min, Benton, Blaine, Blair, Boutwcll, Bowen, Boy-
den, Bover, Broinwoll, Brooks, Buokloy, Burr, Ben-
jamin Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Callis, Cary,
Chanler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Clitt, Cobb,
Oortey, Cornell, Covode, Dawes, jJrur^s, Edwards,
Ehlridgo, Thomas D. Eliot, James X. Elliott, Farns-
worth, Ferriss, .Kerry, Fields, Fox, fctlossbronner,
(love, Gravely,Grovcr, Ifiught, Hamilton, Hawkins,
lligby, llolman, Hopkins, HotehkHs, Chester D.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Hnmphrev, Hunter. Jenckes,
Johnson, Alexander If. Jones, Thomas L.Jones, Ju-
lian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott,
Koontz, Lafiin, Lash, Loan. Loughridge, Lynch,
Mallory. Marshall, Marvin, McCarthy, McCormiek,
McKee.M tier, Moore, Moorhoad. Morrelt, Mungen,
Myers, Iwnvoomb, Nowsham, Niblaek, Nicholson,
Noriis,0'Neill,I'aine,Perbam. Peters. Phelps. Pierce,
Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Piince, Pruyn, Randall,
Raum, Robertson, Robinson, Roots, Ross, Sawyer,
Shellabarger, Sitgroavos. Smith, Starkweather,
Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Tabor. Taffe, Trowbridge,
Twicbell, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Van Trunin,
Van Wyck, Cadwal.ader C. Washburn, Hoary I").
"Washburn, "William B."Washburn, Whittemore, Wil-
liam Williams, Windom, Wood, Woodward, and
Young—]33.
NOX1 VOTrXYi—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
Arehcr, Arnell, Bailey, Baldwin, Barnes, Blackburn,
Boles, Broomall, Cake, Cook, Delano, Dixon, Dodge,
Eckley, Ela, French, Garfield, Getz, Golladay, Goss,
Griswoid, Halsey, Harding, Hill. Hoopor, Richard D.
Hubbard, Judd, Lincoln, Logan, Maynard, McCul-
lough, Mercur, Morrissey, Muilins, Pettis, Pike,
Schenck, Selye, Stevens, Sypher, Taylor, Tift, Law-
icnce S. Trimble, Van Aeinam. Van Auken, Vidal,
Elihu B. Washburno, Thomas Williams, and Wood-
bridge—52.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the amendment was not concurred in.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
concurring in the remainder of the Senate
amendments.
The amendments were not concurred in.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Boctwell,] that the House
non-concur and ask the appointment of a com-
mittee of conference. This question can be
decided by a majority vote.
Mr. WOODWARD. I rise to suggest a
question of order. I submit that this is not
a non-concurrence that can go to a committee
of conference. I submit that this is not a
proper case for a committee of conference;
that it is not ordinary legislation, but is an
extraordinary proceeding under the Constitu-
tion of the United States; and when the two
Houses have not concurred in submitting the
same constitutional amendment, there is an
end of the amendment. You have no power
to send it to a committee of conference, and
therefore I object to any such proposition being
entertained. I submit that the House has now,
by a vote of non-concurrence, made an end to
that amendment, because the language of ths
Constitution is mandatory that amendments
shall be submitted to the States only when two
thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary.
I was about to add, and it is all I have to
say, that a conference between the two Houses
is a legislative invention. It is a part of
ordinary legislation. A conference committee
stands in the place of both Houses, and when
a report comes from such a committee the
only question is upon concurrence or non-con-
currence. Full power over the subject is given
to them. They may make new amendments,
and all we can do is to assent or dissent. That
is proper in the ordinary course of legislation,
but I submit to the Speaker and the House
that the framers of the Constitution never
meant that the fundamental law should be sub-
jected to that process. There is nothing in
the text of the Constitution and nothing in the
history of the country justifying any such thing.
I submit, therefore, with deference to the
Speaker, that there can be no committee of
conference in reference to an amendment of
the Constitution of the United States.
The SPEAKER. As this is a new question,
the Chair has indulged the gentleman from
Pennsylvania in a full statement of his point
of order. The Chair sustains some part of it,
and overrules the remainder, and he will state
his reasons for so doing. The gentleman makes
the point of order that a proposed amendment
to the 'Constitution is an extraordinary meas-
ure of legislation, and therefore the rales of
the House do not apply to it. The Chair over-
rules that point of order, not by parliamentary
law, not by the Digest, but by the language of
the Constitution itself. Section five of article
one provides:
"Kach House may detcrmino the rules of its pro-
ceedings. punish its members for disorderly behavior,
and with the concurrence of two thirds, expel a
member."
Under that provision of the Constitution the
House has adopted certain rules ; and on page
67 of the Digest it is provided that there may
bo committees of conference in all cases of
difference of opinion between the two Houses.
I will read the exact language:
" It is on tho occasion of amendments between the
Houses thatconferericesare usually asked; but they
may be asked in all cases of difference of opinion
between the two Houses on matters depending be-
tween tliem."
It is further provided, on page 68, as follows:
"In the case of disagreeing votes between the two
Houses, the House may eitherrecede, insist, and ask
a conference, or adhere, and motions for such pur-
poses take precedence in that order."
The Constitution declares that each House
may determine the rules of its proceedings,
&c., and under that the House has adopted a
rule that in all eases of difference of opinion
between the two Houses conferences may be
asked. The Chair, therefore, overrules the
point of order.
The amendments of the Senate were non-
concurred in.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
