50
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 5,
Ho. of Reps.
Claims of Loyal Alabamians—Mr. Haughey.
40th Cong,...3d Sess.
been some illegal action undoubtedly. What
is the cause? My colleague answers that ques-
tion.. He says our legislation makes them
" sullen and discontented outlaws." Let that
answer \>e spread broadcast before the people
of the State of Connecticut, and there is my
vindication, for which I most profoundly thank
my colleague.
Mr. CONNESS. Will my friend allow me
at this point to make a suggestion merely?
Mr. DIXON. I rather prefer, as I am so
nearly through, that the Senator should wait-;
he will have an opportunity in a few moments.
Now, sir, what I want is precisely what my
colleague wants, with one or two exceptions.
He proposes to amend the Constitution of the
United States in a manner which to me is very
revolting, not because I hate negro suffrage,
but, sir, I do desire that the proud old State
of Connecticut shall not be humbled in the
dust. Having enjoyed the right of suffrage
and of regulating her own suffrage for more
than two hundred years—longer, I believe,
than any State in the Union—I do not desire
that at this late day she should be compelled
to submit to the commands of the State of
Massachusetts or any other State with regard
to who shall vote within her borders; and I do
most deeply regret that my colleague feels it
his duty to support such a constitutional
amendment. When I called attention a year
and a half ago to the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumker] to es-
tablish negro suffrage in Connecticut and other
States by act of Congress I was regarded as
attempting to excite a false alarm. Sir, I knew
what was coming. I saw it then. That Sen-
ator never has failed in any of his attempts.
Some Senators resist him for a while, but all
roust eventually yield. I say it in no sense of
reproach. The fact is, extreme men in a party
always do carry their point.
When the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts proposed his scheme I predicted
when I reached home, in a speech which I
there made, that the time was near at hand
when the proud State of Connecticut would see
herself compelled to accept a suffrage law from
Massachusetts. Massachusetts is a great State,
and we are ready to take advice from her at
any tirpe, but compulsion is hard to submit to.
I deeply regret that my colleague deems it
his duty to support that measure. I had hoped
his course would be the other way. If he
will consent that when the measure is forced
upon us it shall, by the terms of the resolution
proposing it, be submitted for adoption to a
convention of the people of Connecticut chosen
for the purpose, instead of the Legislature; if
the people of Connecticut by a convention con-
sent to it, I will not object. If the people of
Connecticut see fit to alter their suffrage law I
am perfectly willing. I think if a constitu-
tional amendment on the subject is submitted
to the States it ought to be provided that it
shall be ratified by conventions chosen .for the
purpose, and not forced through Legislatures
chosen for another purpose. The latter would
be a fraud upon the people.
On looking at a speech which I made less
than a year ago, among other things I find
language which he has almost repeated with
regard to the disabilities imposed upon the
people of the South. I then said:
"I find, sir. under this law. that almost every man
capable of holding the pettiest office comes under
the ban oI your proscription, and is to be allowed no
t.harc in the government of the community in which
lie lives."
The Senator says that a large portion of the
property, intelligence, and culture of the South
is excluded. I added:
"How is this done? Not on the face of the law.
but in :i manner furtive and deceptive. The i'our-
tfentn proposed amendment to the Constitution pro-
vides that a certain specified class, including all who
ever held any office, shall, under certain circum-
stances, he deprived of tho privilege of holding office
under the State or Federal Government. The recon-
struction law simply provides that all who, by this
proposed amendment, were to be excluded from
office, shall be refused registration as voters. llius
the work is done."
And that is the work the Senator proposes
to undo. I said further:
"now many white men are thus, reduced to a
political condition beneath that of their former slaves
it is difficult accurately to ascertain* The Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Morton] admits the number to
be fifty thousand. I have no doubt, judging from the
effeot which such an exclusion would have if exist-
ing in my own State, that the number disfranchised
in the entire South is at least two hundred thousand.
But take the estimate of the Sonator from Indiana,
namely, fifty thousand, that number accomplishes
the object of the disfranchisement."
Now, the Senator himself declares, as I have
already read, that a class quite as large as that
which I specified in my remarks have had dis-
abilities imposed upon them, the effect of which
has been to make them outlaws, rebels, and to
make them necessarily centers of conspiracy.
He speaks of the necessity for it. Why, sir, it
is as necessary now as it was a year ago. He
says, or the inference is, that the only neces-
sity for it now is to keep in power the Repub-
lican party. He says the newspapers advocate
it for that purpose. Why, sir, they advocated
it for that purpose then. It may have been
a little disguised ; but does not the Senator
know that that was the whole object and pur-
pose? If that is atrocious now, was it right-
eous then? All that can be said in regard to it
now might have been, and was by me and
others said at that time. The Senator, there-
fore, as I say, was only a little too late in his
remarks.
Now, one other thing I beg to observe, not
for the purpose of showing inconsistency in
my colleague, but for the purpose of showing
the extent of candor to which he has now
reached. He said a year ago that they were
not disfranchised; that the disfranchisement
already existed, and that we had only refused
to enfranchise them. I thought then he was
mistaken. lie now sees what was then the
truth, that we had by legislation "imposed
disabilities" upon them.
I do not like, Mr. President, to refer to
remarks which I have made here in former
days; but I will take the liberty, as I desire to
have thera go upon the record, of reading a
few more woids from the speech which I then
made upon this subject, with which I will close.
T said:
"If my voice could reach them I would entreat
them to east their eyes backward on the events of
the last thiee years and calmly consider whether all
that they apprehended as the consequence of the
radical policy has not been more than realized. Do
they find in its full development anything which
invites them to aid in establishing it as the perma-
nent policy of the Government? Do they not see
more plainly than ever before that it is incompati-
ble with constitutional freedom and the true inter-
ests of the people ? It is now fully exposed to their
view, with its military despotism, its contempt of
the supreme judicial power of the nation, its usurp-
ation of executive authority by Congress, its insti-
gation of a conflict of races for supremacy by refus-
ing to an immense class of white men the privilege
of suffrage granted indiscriminately to uneducated
blacks"—
the very thing which now shocks my col-
league—
" its sectional bitterness, its spirit of undying revenge,
its gospel of hereditary hatred."
That was thought to be unjustifiable lan-
guage by many when I used it: but I ask my
colleague if it is not borne out by what he
himself has said in his speech, if we have
made them outlaws and rebels and centers of
conspiracy, which I conscientiously believe, as
he does, to be the case—•
"It is in the power of this great body of intelli-
gent conservative voters, with whom party tie^ are
less strong than love of countiy, to overthrow this
policy a.nd restore peace, good-will, and unbounded
prosperity to a suffering and distracted people."
I wished to overthrow this policy then. One
year only elapses, and my colleague wishes to
overthrow it now. I then added :
" If is in their power even now to compel the adop-
tion of a policy modified and amended in the man-
ner proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin, con-
sistent with all the rights of humanity in which the
intelligent minds of the North and the South shall
cordially agree and which shall harmonize conflict-
ing opinions in both sections.
"If they exert their power, and, by a united effort
through the ballot-box, accomplish this great woik,
our Union may yet be restored upon the constitu-
tional basis, the rights of every human being may
be protected, liberty may be established upon the sure
foundation of law, and, through aU the years of the
nation's life, the people of the North and the South,
having no further possible ground of quarrel, may
become more and more harmoniously joined together
in the willing bonds of fraternal union. But \f tho
policy and the spirit which now control our legisla-
tion are to receive the popular sanction, and be per-
petuated, our history will be no longer a glorious
record of human progress and of unexampled national
and individual prosperity, but its dark and bloody
pages will be written, like the roll in the vision of
the prophet Ezekiel,within and without, with lament-
ations and mourning and woe."
That is "what I thought would be the effect
of these measures less than one year ago.
My colleague now proposes to strike them all
out for the reasons which he has given. I
approve of his reasons, and I shall vote for
his proposition.
Claims of loyal Alabamians.
SPEECH OF HON. T. HATTGHEF,
OF ALABAMA,
In the House of Representatives,
* 1
January 5, 1869,
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the President's annual message.
Mr. HAUGHEY. Mr. Chairman, near the
close of the session in July last I introduced
a joint resolution? which reads as follows:
" Resolved by the Senate and Ilouse of Representa-
tives of the United State# of A merica in Congress assem-
bled, That the provisions of the law of July 4,1864,
restricting the jurisdiction of the Court of Churns,
and providing lor the payment of certain demands
of loyal citizens of States not in rebellion for quar-
termaster's stores and subsistence supplies furnished
to the Army of the United States, be extended so as
to include loyal citizens ot the State of Alabama.''
This resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims. As it is uncertain when
that committee will report, I propose to sub-
mit my remarks in support of the resolution
in Committee of the Whole.
lielief is sought in this resolution for such
loyal citizens of Alabama as furnished to the
Army of the United States quartermaster's
stores and subsistence supplies for which they
have received no compensation. The class of
men for whom relief is sought are those whose
sufferings and sacrifices and whose persecutions
during and since the war entitle them to the
favorable consideration of Congress. They are
the true and faithful Union men of Alabama.
They are those who opposed secession, opposed
rebellion, and never during the war or since
did any act which could be construed as giving
voluntary aid or comfort to the enemies of the
Government.
They aregenerally men of moderate means—
small farmers—whose horses, cattle, com, and
hogs, which were taken or furnished for the
use and support of the Army of the United
States, constituted nearly ail their wealth.
Very few of them had any interest, present or
prospective, in slaves or slavery. Though
impoverished, in many instances, by the Union
foices they never faltered in their love and
attachment to the Government. Thousands
of them, rather than submit to rebel tyranny
and despotism, left their homes, their wives,
children, and all that life holds dear, and took
refuge within the Union lines, and there re-
mained until the close of the war. Several
thousand of thera enlisted in the Union Army,
and many of them acted as scouts and per*
formed valuable services in aid ot the Union
cause. While many of thebe brave men were
fighting in the ranks of the Union Army and
exposing themselves to all tho privations and
hardships incident to camp life their families
at home were stripped of all their means of
