1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.-
South, and I have come to the conclusion that
it is a most unfortunate case.
The history of this case is brief. It is not a
new one here. I remember my attention was
first called to it on July 9, 1866, when the
Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony]
made a report upon it from the Committee on'
Claims, and that report was printed and has
been read to the Senate. On the 17t.h of July,
1866, the bill was called up by Mr. Clark,
then chairman of the Committee on Claims.
It was explained and passed the Senate. (See
Congressional Globe, Thirty-Ninth Congress,
page 3869.) I made some feeble remarks upon
it at the time, and the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sumner] also spoke against it; but
it passed. It went to the House of Represent-
atives. Mr. Conkxing, then a member of the
House of Representatives, on the 24th of July,
1866, moved to refer the bill to the Committee
of Claims of the House of Representatives,
which was carried. On the 14th of December,
1866, Mr. Delano moved to postpone it indefi-
nitely, which seems to have been carried; but
still I find that on February 12,1867, Mr. May-
hard moved to place the bill on the Private
Calendar. How that could have been done
after it was indefinitely postponed I do not
know ; but that was agreed to. On the 15th
day of February, 1867, Mr. Washburn, of
Massachusetts, made an adverse report on the
merits of the case, and his report went on the
Private Calendar with the bill. That is all the
record we have of the case, so far as it relates
to the House of Representatives.
But it was reported again to the Senate during
this, the Fortieth Congress. The previous pro-
ceedings to which I have referred were in the
Thirty-Ninth Congress. There is no written
report from the committee to this Congress ;
but we have had read the report made to the
Thirty-Ninth Congress. There is no evidence
submitted to the Senate either in the report or
in the testimony—I have read it all—proving
that thisclaimant was loyal prior to the capture
of Decatur, in Alabama, but only after the cap-
ture ; and that is proved by two officers and
certified to by General G rant as being among the
papers on file in the War Department. Here
is a case put forward as a test case in which to
try the claims of all loyal men in the South, in
which not a word relating to the loyalty of the
claimant can be proven until after her property
was in the hands of United States officers and
destroyed, and then the language is, that she
uttered nothing tending to show that she was
disloyal.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish my friend would allow
me a word right there, if I do notinterrupthim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Thayer
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Kansas
yield the floor?
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to make this addi-
tional remark first: I do not say a word dis-
respectful of this lady. I understand she is a
lady of the highest respectability, livinga blame-
less life.
Mr. SUMNER. I happen to have a letter
in my hand to which I should like to call the
attention of the Senator. His remarks now
have drawn my attention to it, and with the
Senator's permission I will read it. _ It is ger-
mane to the very point he is discussing. It is
a letter addressed to me within a day or two
from a gentleman who it seems has been a part
purchaser of this very estate:
Washington, D. C., January 8,1868.
Sik- I happen to know something of this property
of Miss Sue Murphey. Her step-father (whom no
one claims to bo loyal) informed me that the property
w s his, that it belonged to him, that he could make
a title to it. X bought some of this land from him,
and he has the entire control of it. 1 have also
learned that the property only cost irl,500 a few yws
betoie the war, when its value was at its height. I
luivo further seen it stated thu>t Miss Muiph©y has
made more rebel harangues in presenting rebel flags
than Senator Howe has made Onion speeches, and
that by parties whose loyalty is abo\*o question.
I make you this statement that the matter may be
fully investigated before passed upon.
Very respectfully. D_ HUMPHREYS.
Hon. Charles Sumner, United States Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does the Senator know
who "D. Humphreys" is? Does he vouch
for him ?
Mr. SUMNER. D. Humphreys, of Ala-
bama.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to ask if the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts knows him ?
Mr. SUMNER. I have seen him, but I had
no acquaintance with him before. He is agen-
tleman of very respectable appearance, and I
have no doubt of his*veracity.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose it is known to
every one that her step-father was a notorious
rebel. Indeed, a friend in Alabama writes me
that he was crazy on the subject of the rebel-
lion, he was so persistent a rebel. But I would
not visit the sins of the father or step-father
upon the daughter. I am one who believes
that each individual is responsible^ only for
himself or herself. I would not prejudice the
case of this claimant because her step-father or
her brother-in-law, who is a son of her step-
father, may have been disloyal. They are dis-
loyal. Everybody admits it, I suppose.
But, Mr. President, what I was going to
argue for the sake of calling the attention of
the committee to it, and to be coirected if I am
wrong, was this: there is no evidence in the
papers iu this case that I can find to prove
any loyalty prior to the capture of Decatur and
before the day that General Granger took
possession of this property, at which time he
says she treated them well, and from her expres-
sions he judged her to be loyal. I will read
his letter. It is addressed to " Hon. Horace
Maykard, Member of Congress, Washington,
District of Columbia: "
Hindquarters District op Henrico.
Richmond, Virginia, February 21,1SS6.
Dear Sir: My friend, Miss Sue Murphey, having
requested mo to address to you astatement with re-
gaul to her loyalty to the United States, I cheerfully
submit the following:
This is the testimony, I want to state, upon
which the report is founded, because it is the
strongest testimony, and almost the only testi-
mony bearing on the question.
I made the acquaintance of Miss Murphey soon
after talcing command of tho district of North Ala-
bama, in June, 180-1. X have known lier intimately
from that date to this, and as our interviews have
boon frequent and of tho most friendly character I
feel competent to judge correctly of her loyalty. I
do, therefore, assert that inasmuch as 1 have never
heard of, or known of any act of disloyalty on tho
part of Miss Murphey, and never heard her utter a
disloyal sentiment toward the Government of the
United States, X believe her loyal to that Govern-
nicnt.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
R. o. GivA-Nva-hlv,
Brevet Brigadier General United States Army.
That, I say, is the strongest testimony in
this case to prove her loyalty. There was a
board authorized to sit in judgment upon the
amount of this property, and they were in-
structed by the commanding general to report
upon her loyalty and upon the value of the
property, and it is a most significant fact that
they never reported a word upon her loyalty,
but confined themselves to the value ot the
property.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Kan-
sas was upon the Committee on Claims with
me, I think, at the time this bill was first re-
ported from the committee, and he must have
forgotten if he supposes that that is the strong-
est evidence of the lovalty of this lady.
Mr. POMEROY. I said it was the strong-
est evidence to be found in these papers.
Mr. ANTHONY. There were officers before
us who came hero at considerable personal
inconvenience on purpose to testify to the loy-
alty of this lady, as an act of justice to her and
as an act of gratitude and of recognition tor
the services which she rendered to them and
to the soldiers under their command when they
were stationed at Decatur. Now, if you are
going to deny this poor girl the debt that be-
longs to her, I beg Senators not to take away
her character also. I am not able now to recall
the evidence upon which the committee came
to the conclusion, but I do know, and I have
no hesitation in saying, that the loyalty of this
girl was proved before the committee, and in
the presence of my friend from Kansas and my
friend from Wisconsin, just as positively as it
could be proved. There was no sort of ques-
tion upon that point when we made the report.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator trow
Rhode Island did not understand me as reflect-
ing on the character of this lady. I said I
understood she was a lady of the highest, re-
spectability, living a blameless life.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understood the .Sen-
ator to say that this negative testimony was
the strongest testimony in the case as to her
loyalty. I think that is almost a reflection on
the committee making the report, and the Sen-
ator from Kansas agreed to that report when
it was made. It was as much his report as it
was mine, and he heard the testimony. Would
the Senator from Kansas have certified to the
loyalty of any person upon such evidence as
that? Officers of the United States Army
were before us iu person and testified to her
loyalty.
Mr. POMEROY. The remarks of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island would have some per-
tinency if I had been a rsember of the com-
mittee during the Thirty-Ninth Congress, but
I was not. 1 was a member of the committee
during the Thirty-Eighth Congress, but this
claim was not before the committee during the
Thirty-Eighth Congress.
Mr. ANTHONY. I thought the Senator
was a member of the committee when we made
this report.
Mr. POMEROY. I will read the finding of
the board that was authorized to report upon
the loyalty of the claimant, and the amount of
the property destroyed. I said in the begin-
ning that upon the first question, the loyalty
of the claimant, they were silent; they did not
say a word; but upon the amount of property
they do say-:
" We find tho proporty destroyed, and value tho
loss at $7,000."
That is the report of the board authorized
and commissioned to examine into her loyalty
and the value of this estate.
General Granger, in another letter, says that
the property was almost entirely destroyed,
and yet the papers show that it was a property
of one hundred acres of land adjoining the
town of Decatur, on which was a building, a
two-story house made of wood. There is a
long description of it here in the papers. It
is said that the house was destroyed; that the
grounds about it were injured; the shrubbe-
ries and trees destroyed ; and that the damage
was §7,000. If it was an estete of one hun-
dred acres of land adjoining the town, and
there was no more valuable property than that
upon it, it could not have been wholly de-
stroyed. There must be some value left in
the property. It is possible that $7,000 worth
may have been destroyed ; but still that estate
must be worth something as one hundred acres
of land, after the destruction of a two-story
wooden house upon it and the shrubbery and
trees around it.
I will read also the letter of General Grant
on this subject, which is filed with the papers,
which is a sort of presumptive evidence upon
her loyalty, being entirely anxious to present
that side of the case rather than the other,
because if this was a case where there was no
question in regard to loyalty, if this was the
case of a woman who suffered the loss of all
things for fidelity to the Government, who
stood there during the dark hours of the rebel-
lion, early a-nd late, counting not her life dear
unto herself, faithful to all her obligations, I
tell you, sir, I would not have the heart to vote
against it; but this is not a case of that kind,
as shown by the papers.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to ask the
Senator from Kansas one question. Is there
a particle of evidence that militates against
the loyalty of this claimant? Has the Senator
got a single speck of it in the papers? .Has
he heard a siugle statement to ,-the contrary
