2?6
THE ""CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
made except one that has been read this morn-
ing. written by one of the most veritable scamps
in the-world,"as I believe I could prove here?
With that exception there is not -a solitary
scintilla of Evidence against her loyalty. Is
that not sufficient, evidence that she waa loyal?
Mr. POME ROY. I have not undertakento
prove any disloyalty on the part of this claim-
ant. I am only arguing that this is an unfor-
tunate case to present as a test case, because
the loyalty of the claimant is not proved. It
does not devolve on me to prove her disloyalty,
for I have no evidence on that subject. 1 have
not undertaken to find evidence against the
loyalty of this claimant. I only say that the
papers in the case do not prove her loyalty.
Mr. WARNER. I desire to make an expla-
nation which I deem due to the character of a
man who has been denounced, I think, with-
out, proper knowledge, by the Senator from
Tennessee. The letter the Senator from Massa-
chusetts read I understood to be from a man
by the name of D. Humphreys.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir.
Mr. WARNElt. I will say, as the Senator
from Tennessee has used language in regard to
him that I cannot very well allow to go uncon-
tradicted, that I know Mr. Humphreys per-
sonally, and I think he is also known personally
to at least one of the Senators from Ohio, and
that he is a man of reputable character. The
gentleman to whom I refer was formerly the
editor of the Alabama Republican.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the gentleman.
Mr. WARNER. I do not know the facts in
this case, and have nothing to say about his
interference in l.his matter of Miss Sue Mur-
phey's claim; but J will say that the language
that lie is a miserable scamp does not apply
to him: that for the three years i have known
him, i have known him to be a man of repu-
table character, and of integrity, I think.
Mr. FOWLER. I will say here that 1 do
not know the man at all; but I made my con-
clusion on the authority of the Senator from
Alabama, [Mr. Spencer,] who ought to know ;
and if I am wrong I wish to be corrected.
Mr.POMEROY, Iknowhimwell. Nobody
knows him better than I do.
Mr. SPENCER. I should like to make an
explanation in reference to Mr. Humphreys.
I live in the Same town and know a good deal
about him. He is a very meddlesome and
troublesome man ; so much so that the organ-
ization called the Ku-Klux in that country
forced him to leave. I believe he never saw
Miss Sue Murpliey in his life, and does not know
her. During his short residence in Decatur,
Alabama, she was in the place only about three
days during the whole time that he lived there,
which was about eight or nine months. I be-
lieve that Miss Murphey has established fully
her character for loyalty before the Committee
on Claims byofficersof tbeUnitedStatesArmy,
who knew her and knew the services which she
rendered. Of those services I cannot person-
ally speak ; but from hearsay and from the evi-
dence adduced I have not any doubt of her
loyalty at that time. Some of her family are
not loyal; but 1 do not think she ought to be
held responsible for tbat.
_ Mr. POMEROY. I suppose that it is dis-
tinctly understood that 1 say nothing against
the loyalty of Miss Murphey since the capture
of Decatur. The officers of the Army who
have been familiar there and lived in her
house certify that she has been kind and cour-
teous, and has never spoken a word against
the Government of the United States since the
capture. I admit all that. I do not doubt it.
I am speaking of wanting a case, if it is to be
made a test case, where loyalty is proven all
the_ way up. Senators have all read Gold-
smith's oratorio upon theeaptured Jews, when
they were down by the rivers of Babylon, and
he says:
"Oh happy, who in happy hour
To God their praise bestow,
And own His all-eonsumiug power
Before they feel the blow."
The loyalty that I desire to commend is that
Which was true' when the days were dark, not
when they were light, before the property was
captured, when the storm was raging, and not
when they were safe in a calm. I understand
this claimant to be a most exemplary person,
who has been faithful ever since the capture,
so far as I know. All I complain of is that
there is no proof of her loyalty before that
time. It is a most unfortunate case to present
as a test on that account, because there could
be no proof of disloyalty, 1 suppose, if any one
was disposed to contest it. A lady under age
(she was under age at the time) could not
commit overt acts of treason. She was a non-
combatant, and of course there was no posi-
tive disloyalty.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator is a
lawyer. Suppose the question at issue was as
to the sanity of Miss Murphey or anybody else,
and it was proved that for a period dating from
a certain time, of three or four or five years,
the person had been sane, I ask the honorable
Senator, in the absence of all otlier proof if
that would not be satisfactory evidence that
previous to that time the person had been sane ?
And if so in relation to sanity, why not in rela-
tion to loyalty?
Mr. POMEROY. I admit that that makes
out a prima facie case of sanity.
Mr. DAVIS. And ofloyaUy, too.
Mr. POMEROY. And this is a-prima facie
case, perhaps, of loyalty ; but it is to a prima
facie case that I am objecting. I want a posi-
tive case ot loyalty.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
allow ine to ask him another question ?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. Where there is a case estab-
lished prima facie, according to law, can that
prima Jacieca.se be overruled without the pro-
duction of one word or syllable of proof to
impugn it?
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator does not
seem to be aware that this case is not what is
involved in this question. If this ease had not,
as I said in the beginning, been argued here as
a test case ; if it had not been brought forward
to try the ease of all the loyal people of the
South, I would not have looked at it in that
light; but in that view it. requires evidence, not
simply prima facie evidence of loyalty.
Air. DAVIS. If my courteous friend will
allow me to ask him one other question I shall
trouble him no more with questions. The hon-
orable Senator from Rhode Island has said that
there came gentlemen of the Army before the
Committee on Claims, who had the examina-
tion of this particular claim, and that those
gentlemen of the Army who were in Decatur,
and who knew Miss Murpliey, had testified most
fully and satisfactorily before that committee
as to her loyalty ; and upon that proof, in part,
probably mainly, the report on the point of
loyalty was made. The honorable Senator
from Rhode Island has now stated that her
loyalty was established and reported by the
committee upon the proof of those military offi-
cers. Is not that a case where loyalty is made
out by proof and reported to the Senate?
Mr. POMEROY. As I have the report of
the Senatjr from Rhode Island in my hand, I
will read what he says on that subject. 1 am
taking up the ease as I find it in the papers.
Mr. DAVIS. I am speaking of the report
he makes this morning verbally.
Mr. POMEROY. If that evidence was be-
fore the committee at the time, the Senator
from Rhode Island was most unfortunate in
not putting it into the report.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think, if the Senator
will allow me, the report states that the case
of loyalty was fully made out, and we supposed
that when the Committee on Claims unani-
mously reported that the case of loyalty was
made out it was not necessary for us to give
at length the verbal testimony on which we
based our report. We supposed that at least
we could be trusted for so much.
Mr. POMEROY. The language of the re-
port on this question is as follows :
"The loyalty of Miss Murphey is fully sustained
by the statements of officers of the Army above
referred to."
Now, I will read what is " above referred
to," so that the committee may have the full
benefit of the report. The evidence of officers
of the Army to which they refer is the report
of the board that examined into the question
of loyalty and the value of the property.
Mr. DAVIS. It was the officers who were
examined before the committee, not those who
made the report.
Mr. POMEROY. Thereport doesnotshow
that they did examine any officers before the
committee. It will be better understood if I
read the Virhole of it. The report reads as fol-
lows :
"In compliance with orders received from Briga-
dier General R.S. Granger, commanding the district
of northern Alabama, Colonel Joseph Conrad, com-
manding the post of .Decatur, ordered a board of in-
vestigation to convene for the purpose of examining
and reporting in the case of the property of MissSuo
Murphey. This board convened on tbel3th of Feb-
ruary, 1865, and. after an examination as to the loy-
alty of the claimant and the value of the property,
reported: ' Wofind tho property destroyed and value
the loss at $7,000.'"
Then the report says:
" Tho loyalty of Miss Murpliey is fully sustained by
officers ot' the Army above referred to."
Now, there was one officer before that board
who was questioned as to her loyalty, and only
one, and that was Captain Boyd, of the fifty-
first Illinois infantry. 1 will read what he said.
He was asked this question :
"What do you know relative to the loyalty of Miss
Sue Murphey previous to the destruction of the
property?"
It is worthy of remark that this officer was
provost marshal there as early as 1862, and
bis testimony would be worth something as
bearing on this case.
" Aniwer. I know that when the officers went to
her house they were treated with grea.t respect,, and
those surrounding her were the most bitter rebels."
That is his answer. So I say there is a sort
of prima facie case, a negative case, that this
lady, being a lady of such standing and char-
acter, did treat the officers of the Army well;
but that does not make out a case to base this
report upon, as I understand it, that she was
loyal before the capture in 1864.
Mr. ANTHONY. Why, Mr. President, she
was but fifteen or sixteen years old at that
time.
Mr. POMEROY. She happened to be just
twenty at that time.
Mr. ANTHONY. The time of tho capture?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir. She is twenty-
four now, I am told to-day, and that was four
years ago. I do not like to bring a lady's age
into any question before the Senate, but if the
Senator insists upon it, to make her out under
age, I am bound to tell the truth. [Laughter.]
I said I would read the testimony of Gen-
eral Grant. The only letter in the ease tbat
bears on the question of loyalty, in addition to
what I have read, is the one from General
Grant. It is addressed to Miss Murphey her-
self. It is as follows:
Headquarters Army United States,
W ashingtott, D. C., May i, 1866.
Miss Sue Murphey :
I have caused to be examined the papers.whioh you
filed for damages done to your proporty in Decatur,
Alabama, by United States troops.
Loyalty is cjearly proven, and the claim seems to
be entirely a just one, if any such claim is allowed.
It is a matter left entirely with Congress, and I can
only say that if any claim for damages done by the
Army in States that were in rebellion against the
Government is allowed, I would respeotfully recom-
mend yours. XJ_ g_ GBAHTi
lAeutenant General.
I have now read all the papers in this case
that appear on the files. The loyalty of this
claimant is founded entirely on the report of
these officers, who made their report at the War
Department, and then their report was sent to
the Committee on Claims. I submit, that there
is nothing showing her loyalty excepting what
the officers have said, which I have read, as to
her conduct after the capture. You cannot
infer anything in regard to her loyalty or dis-
