1228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
any man who does not at least comply with
that l-ale, nor will I vote for any bill that con-
tains the names of any such men.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman from Ohio
asks me whether there is included in this bill
the name of any applicant for relief from dis-
ability who has not himself petitioned for relief.
Mr. SCHENCK. In writing.
Mr. PAINE. Yes; in writing. I will state
to the House that in preparing this bill we
adopted the rule that no names should be in-
serted in it unless the applicants did present a
petition in writing, and we have endeavored to
adhere to that rule. I believe there is not one
single name in the bill whose owner has not
presented a petition in writing, and I have those
petitions before me now.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would ask the gentleman
whether those are petitions to Congress or
whether they are private letters, such as have
sometimes been brought forward?
Mr. PAINE. I cannot speak now from my
recollection as to each individual petition, but
I believe that all of them are addressed either
to Congress or to the Speaker or to some officer
of this House, and my recollection is that most
of them are addressed directly to Congress. I
do not recollect a single one that is not ad-
dressed to Congress; but if the gentleman asks
as to any particular case I will answer him by
exhibiting the petition itself.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know a single
man whose name is in the bill, and having only
heard them read at the Clerk's desk I cannot
now recall any name. But I did at a very early
day when this process of removing disability
was commenced take the ground which in
some respects I and others appear for a time
to have abandoned, that in every instance the
name, with a petition and an abstract of the
case and the particular reasons for removing
the disability, ought to be brought to the notice
and knowledge of the House before we acted
on the case. That may have been done to the
satisfaction of the committee, and if we had
time to go over the information the committee
have it might, perhaps, be satisfactory to the
Ilonse so far as these names are concerned.
But this I do know, that we have exercised
this power so loosely in some instances here-
tofore, so unguardedly, that there are persons
boasting—and one of them I have absolute
information about—that they have had their
disability removed and never asked for it, and
do not thank Congress for it, and feel perfectly
independent now it has been done. I do not
wish, for one, to be again put in such a posi-
tion in regard to any ono.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. What is the name
of that man ?
Mr. PAINE. I do not yield for that pur-
pose, for the reason that after I had stated to
this House that the Committee on .Reconstruc-
tion had adopted the rule that they would pass
no man who had not himself petitioned for re-
lief and had rigorously adhered to that rule,
I do not think it quite fair for my friend from
Ohio [Mr. Sohenck] to undertake to present
as a reason against passing this bill the fact, if
fact it be, that somebody who had been relieved,
passed in another bill, had made the boast that
he had never asked to be relieved. What has
all that to do with this bill ?
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 merely referred to those
cases as a reason why wo should bo more care-
ful hereafter.
Mr. PAINE. That is just the reason why
we have been careful. And if any man has been
relieved who should not have been relieved it
is because the facts against him have been mis-
apprehended after giving the most careful scru-
tiny to every case. I believe there is not a
single case here in which the written petition
is not on file.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Paine] about the name of John W. Wright,
of Richmond, Virginia, and to beg leave to
move that that name be strickenfrom this bill.
Mr. PAINE. I am willing that that motion
should be made.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
move to strike out the name of JohnW. Wright,
of Richmond, Virginia. I desire to say that
Mr. John W. Wright is sheriff of the city of
Richmond, and has been through all manner
of administrations, rebel and otherwise. He
now comes here and asks to be relieved from
political disabilities because he finds that he
cannot hold that office any longer without that
is done. And I have no doubt you can get any
other of these men to do the same thing for a
similar purpose.
Now, I do not want to pay any man to be-
come a citizen of the United States who has
once abjured his allegiance to this Government,
whatever I may be willing to do for a man who
never abjured his allegiance. In regard to this
particular case I have information from a gen-
tleman in whom I have every reason to have
confidence that this is the fact, as I believe it
to be, that this very large number from Virginia
are seeking to have their political disabilities
removed because they want to retain the offices
they now hold. If they had not the offices
they would see Congress—well, as far from
Washington as it is from here to the city of
Richmond before they would ask anything of
the sort. That being so, I am not willing to
vote for this very long list from the State of
Virginia.
It is easy for men to come here and ask
Congress to remove their disabilities merely
that they may be allowed to hold office. I
have no information about anybody but this
Mr. John W. Wright. But I am clearly con-
vinced that he ought not at present to have his
disabilities removed, nor would it be for the
good of the country that it should be done.
Mr. PAINE. I am perfectly willing that the
name of Mr. John W. Wright shall be stricken
from this bill if the House think it best to do
so; and I would be very glad to have any
member of this House who knows any reason
why any man whose name is in this list should
not be relieved from disabilities move to strike
it out, and I will yield to any gentleman who
desires it to make such a motion and to state
his reasons therefor. But I do not see why
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler,] after having given his reasons for striking
out the name he proposes to be stricken out,
could not have been satisfied to stop there. I
do not see why he should go further and say
to the House that because he finds in this bill
one name which he thinks should be stricken
out therefore he shall vote to reject all the
names from the Slate of Virginia.
I will send to the Clerk's desk to be read
the paper upon which we last predicated this
recommendation for the relief of Mr. Wright.
After that has been road I will leave it to the
members of the House to vote as they shall
see fit upon the proposition to strike out his
name.
The Clerk read as follows :
To the Honorable the Senate and
House of ltepresenlatives of the United States:
Gentlemen: The undorsisned respectfully prays
your honorable bodies to rolievo him of the disabil-
ities imposed upon him by tho fourteenth article of
the Constitution of tho United States and the "ro-
construotionacts;" and as in duty bound hewill ever
pray, Ax.
JOHN W. WEIGHT.
liemarhe.
The following is an accurato statement of the offi-
ces held before the war, the acts committed in sup-
port of the rebellion, and tho present political status
of the above named J. W. Wright: held no office
before tho war; was an active Union man, and as
such opposed secession. After secession of the State,
under the pressure of public sentiment, I volun-
teered in the service of tho State. Since the sur-
render I have recognized tho authority of the Uni-
ted States as paramount, and have in all instances
given a faithful support to her laws; I favor the
reconstruction of the State upon the congressional
plan, and pledge it my earnest support; I have not
been active in polities, because prudence in my posi-
tion prevented.
JOHN W. WEIGHT.
Rooms Republican Statu Central Committee,
Richmond, Virginia, January 29,1809.
At a meeting of the committee held on the 29th
instant the chairman was directed to forward this
petition to Congress with the oamesfc recommend-
ation that the applicant be relieved from his polit-
ical disabilities.
G. K. GILMER,
Ckairman,
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I have here a
petition signed by the same gentleman, which
is longer than the other. It covers the same
ground, with some additional matter. I will
not trouble the House by having it read ; but
will ask that it be printed in the Globe.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the paper will be ordered to be printed in the
Globe.
There was no objection.
The petition is as follows :
To the Honorable the Congress
of the United States of America :
The petition of John W. Wright, of the city of
Richmond, in the State oi' Virginia,respectfully rep-
resents :
That he is now, and for some time past has been,
sheriff of tho said city of Richmond, and has faith-
fully, impartially, and successfully discharged tho
duties of Ms said office.
That your petitioner is unable, conscientiously, to
take the oath prescribed by the act of Congress enti-
tled "An act to prescribe an oath of office, and for
other purposes." approved July 2, 1862, and there-
fore he desires, for reasons hereinafter stated, to be
relieved from tho necessity of taking said oath, and
from the legal consequences of bis inability to take
the same.
That prior to, and until the secession of the State
of Virginia in the year 1861, your petitioner was an
earnest and zealous Union man, opposed to the seces-
sion of tho State, and was well known as such; but
that upon the secession of the State, in accordance
with what he conceived to be his duty, to maintain
her cause and share her fate, he entered the military
service under her authority, and faithfully and hon-
orably upheld that cause as a soldier to tho end of
tho war.
That after the conclusion of the war your petitioner
recognized the authority of the United States and
their claim to his allegianco, and has thenceforward
been obedient to that authority, and ready and will-
ing to observe and respect the laws of Congress for
tho restoiation of tho State of Virginia to her truo,
practical relations to the Union, known as therecon-
struction acts.
Wherefore your petitioner prays that he may be
relieved from all disabilities in consequence of his
conscientious inability to take the said oath, and
from the necessity of taking the same as a condition
of accepting or holding any office.
And as in duty bound, &c.
JOHN W. WRIGHT.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paink] yield
to me for one minute?
Mr. PAINE. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I only
wish to say that in the paper which has been
read I do not discover a single good reason
in favor of removing this man's disabilities.
He says he was a Union man before the war,
and that he was driven into the rebellion by
the force of public opinion. Now, if we were
to accept all the declarations of this sort that
are made now-a-days, we should wonder how
there ever came to be anything but unionism
down South. According to my experience,
the men who were Union men before the war
and afterward were "driven" into the rebel-
lion, had to be the very strongest sort of rebels
to show the sincerity of their new-born zeal in
the cause. This being so, this man now comes
forward, asking the removal of his disabilities
for no other reason than that he is willing to
favor reconstruction. More than that, I_am
reminded that, according to his own showing,
he has no disabilities to be removed. It does
not appear that the statements of this man are
certified to by anybody but himself; and he is
acting under the pressure of holding the best
office in the State of Virginia, which he wants
to continue to hold.
Mr. PAINE. I now yield to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] my colleague
on the committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I believe the objec-
tion to relieving this man comes from a party
who wants the office that Mr. Wright now
holds.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I do not mean that
my friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Butlek]
wants the office, but that he isthe organ of the
man who wants it. I judge so from the fact
that I was called upon this morning with refer-
ence to this subject, and objection wac made
