52
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 5,
Ho. of Reps.
Claims of Loyal Alabamians—Mr. Haughey.
40th Cons....3d Sess.
force in relation to the enemies of the Govern-
ment. But even if binding, so far as they
might apply to the loyalists of the southern
States, such was the demoralized condition of
society in those States at the date of the pas-
sage of these laws that the proper application
of these provisions of the Constitution would
have been impracticable. It was impossible
to do justice to the loyal men'of the South
without doing great injustice in thousands of
instances to the Government. The rights of
both when practicable should ever be held
sacred. In this case, however, it seems the
rights of loyal citizens for practical purposes
were held in subordination to the supposed
paramount rights of the Government. The
great obstacle in the proper adjustment of the
claims of loyal citizens at that time was the
extreme difficulty in discriminating in many
cases between the loyal and disloyal.
For practical purposes, then, those States
in which the rebellion had been suppressed
were properly regarded as conquered terri-
tories or conquered provinces. By rebellion
they had forfeited their rights as States in the
Union. Hence, in the enactment of laws or
in the establishment of rules and regulations
for the proper government of these territories,
Congress was not supposed to be limited in its
action by that clause of the Constitution which
enjoins equality of privileges and immunities
among the citizens of the several States.
These States by rebellion had ceased to be
States, and the citizens inhabiting these con-
quered territories, without regard to their pri-
vate acts or.opinions, had ceased to be citizens
of States within the meaning of the Constitu-
tion. These premises, then, being assumed
to be correct Congress had the constilutional
right in the enactment of laws to make such
discrimination between the loyal and disloyal
States, and between thecitizens of these several
States as are made in the laws of 1864 and 1807.
Politicians, however, have differed very
widely in opinion as to the correctness of the
theory upon which the war was conducted, and
as to the effect of the war upon the rights of
the rebellious States. The same difference of
opinion exists as to the best mode of recon-
structing those States. An appeal was taken
from the congressional theory and plan of re-
construction to the people, and the people in
the late presidential election decided emphati-
cally in favor of Congress. From the people's
decision there is no appeal. Whatever differ-
ences of opinion may exist as to the rights of
States and as to the effects of the war in im-
pairing or destroying those rights in the rebel-
lious States, and in regard to the rights, privi-
leges, and immunities of the citizens of those
States, all private opinions must yield to the
great aggregate opinion of the nation as un-
equivocally expressed at the ballot-box in the
late election. The acts ol Congress, so far as
they relate to the reconstruction and govern-
ment of the rebel States, have been so triumph-
antly indorsed by the people that the consti-
tutionality of those acts has ceased forever to
be a question of dispute.
Itecognizing, then, to the fullest extent the
constitutionality of these acts in relation to the
settlement oi claims originating during the war
in the rebellious States, it is submitted that to
continue the discriminating features of these
acts against States which have been recon-
structed and have been admitted into the
Union upon terms of equality with the other
States, would be contrary to good policy and
to the best interests of the Government. To
continue those discriminating features against
the loyal claimants of the South after the States
have been reconstructed and admitted into the
Union would be to weaken that confidence
which these men have always manifested in
the justice and magnanimity of Congress. Not- ..
withstanding the correctness of the congres- ;
sional theory of the war lojal men in the south-
era States can never appreciate the justice of ii
a law which authorizes the payment of a loyal
claimant in a northern State, and prohibits the
payment of a loyal claimant in a southern State
where the claims are in point of merit and jus-
tice equally the same.
The object of the joint re&olution now under
consideration is to extend the benefits of the
law of 1864 to the loyal citizens of Alabama,
the law of February, 1867, to the contrary not-
withstanding. This resolution might with pro-
priety have included the other interdicted States
which are now represented in Congress. But
as the arguments in favor of Alabama apply
with equal force to the other States it is deemed
of.no consequence that the others are not in-
cluded. All that is sought in the resolution is
that the loyal claimants of Alabama shall be
placed upon an equal footing with loyal claim-
ants in tho;;e States which are not excluded
from the benefits of the law of 1804.
Alabama is no longer a rebellious State.
Her legitimate and practical relations with the
Union are now fully restored. A large ma-
jority of her people are loyal to the Govern-
ment. They prefer the Government of the
United States to every other Government, and
in case of need an overwhelming majority of
her fighting men would defend the Govern-
ment against all other Governments oh earth.
She has a full representation of loyal men in
Congress. A large majority of the Legislature
of the State and of the State and county offi-
cers are loyal and always have been loyal.
Her constitution and laws guaranty equal
rights and privileges to all. They are pre-
eminently liberal, and in entire harmony with
Republican principles and with the enlightened
and progressive spirit of the age. Alabama,
then, being a State .in the Union and of the
Union, it is sincerely believed that if the bene-
fits of the law of 1804 were extended to the
undoubtedly loyal claimants of that State the
law would be as safely aud guardedly admin-
istered as in any other State of the Union.
The loyal claimants of Alabama have a war
history very similar to that of loyal citizens in
Tennessee, to whom claims originating during
the war in that State are now authorized to be
paid. Like the loyal citizens of Tennessee,
those of Alabama resisted secession and rebel-
lion to the full extent of their ability. When
resistance was found to be hopeless they yielded
a reluctant submission to a fate whicii they
were powerless to avert. Like the Tennessee
loyalists, thousands of the Union men of Ala-
bama lay hidden in caves and mountain gorges
and deep ravines awaiting their chances to es-
cape to the Federal lines. Many thus situated
were captured by rebel bloodhounds, and if not
instantly shot they were carried in chains to
loathsome rebel dungeons, aud allowed to
linger and die from bad treatment, or to be
tpien from their prison cells by vigilance com-
mittees and either shot or hung for no other
crime than that of Unionism.
Like the Unionists of Bast Tennessee a large
number of the able bodied Unionists in North
Alabama enlisted in the Union Ariny and
fought with it until the end of the war. Though
the Tennessee Federal soldiers largely out-
numbered those from Alabama, this disparity
in numbers is due to the greater difficulties to
be overcome by the latter than by the former
in reaching the Federal lines. It is fair to pre-
sume that the love of the Union was equally
intense in the eastern counties of Tennessee
and the northern counties of Alabama. The
difference in the manifestation of that love was
solely due to the difference in the geograph-
ical position of those two Switzerlands of
America. All the arguments, then, which
have heretofore been urged in favor of the
payment of loyal claimants in Tennessee apply
with equal force and cogency to loyal claimants
in Alabama.
lo deny these men the small pittance which
some ot them claim for property taken by the
Union Army, or for supplies taken by or fur-
nished to the Union Army upon the simple ^
plea that these men were citizens of a rebel-
lious State, during the war, does not comport
with that justice and magnanimity which have
hitherto been characteristic features in the con-
duct of the Government toward its loyal citi-
zens. It was not the fault but the misfoitune
that they were citizens of those States during
the war. Nor was it their fault but their great
misfortune that their homes had been the
chosen battle-ground of a causeless and wicked
rebellion. Moreover, it was not their fault but
their exceedingly great calamity that the United
States Government failed to extend its pro-
tecting arm to its loyal citizens in those States
and save them from falling into the meshes of
a rebel despotism. If there is any culpability
in residing under a rebel despotism during the
war the Government is entitled to a reasonable
share of that culpability in permitting that rebel
despotism to exist.
Allegiance and protection are reciprocal,
and correlative obligations between the Gov-
ernment and the citizen. The citizen owes
allegiance to the Government, and the Govern-
ment in return owes him protection. If the
citizen refuses to obey the behests of the Gov-
ernment and manifests a desire to overthrow
or attempts to overthrow it he is a traitor,
and forfeits his claim upon the Government
for protection. And on the other hand, if the
Government is unwilling, unable, or fails from
any cause to protect the citizen, the allegiance
which the latter owes to the Government is
absolved. A Government which is unable, or
fails from any cause to protect its citizens can
justly have no claim upon the latter for alle-
giance.
At the commencement of the war a majority
of the people in the southern States revolted
against their lawful Government and organized
in its stead a revolutionary one. A minority
of the citizens of those States opposed the rev-
olution and adhered to the lawful Government
until they were overpowered by the revolution-
ists. The rightful Government, however, for
four long years failed to protect this minority,
and suffered it to be ruled and controlled by
the revolutionary government. The citizens
composing this minority were at all times anx-
iously desirous of resuming their allegiance,
but during the whole ot'this gloomy period the
protecting arm of the Government was too
short to reach them. Finally, however, when
the Government did succeed in conquering
this revolutionary majority and resumed its
sway over the rebellious States, the citizens of
the minority with joy and exultation resumed
that allegiance which for four years they had
held in abeyance but had never absolutely're-
linquished.
Under such circumstances these Union citi-
zens composing the minority had no right to
expect that the Government, in resuming its
rightful authmit.y over those States and in es-
tablishing rules and regulations for the pay-
ment of claims growing out of the rebellion,
would impose upon them the same disabilities
as are imposed upon the revolutionary major-
ity. By existing laws there is no distinction
made in those States between the innocent and
the guilty—between those who tried to destroy
and those who tried to save the Government.
The rebel assassin is classed with the Union
man who was the victim of his assassination.
The persecuted Union man is entitled to no
more consideration than his rebel persecutors.
No distinction is made between claims for sup-
plies furnished to the rebel forces and those
for supplies furnished to the Army of the United
States. All are reduced to a common level by
the jaws of J uly 4, 1864, and that of February,
1807. As it was in the taking of property for
the use of the Army, so it is in the payment of
claims for that property. No distinction is
made between loyalty and disloyalty. All are
treated alike and equally excluded from the
benefits of the law of July 4, 1864.
