1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
toAlr. Wright in behalf of a man who wants
the office that Mr. Wright now holds. Now,
this man is recommended by the Republican
executive committee of the State of Virginia,
and if that committee does not know more
about the merits of his case than either my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] or
myself, I will give it up.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well,
give it up. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH.^ I am not ready to
give it up, because my friend from Massachu-
setts has not convinced me that the Republican
executive committee of Virginia do not know
well the character and standing of this man.
Why, sir, the constitutional amendment in
regard to the removal of political disabilities
was adopted for some purpose. The provision
that men might be relieved of their disabilities
was inserted in the Constitution in order that
it might in proper cases be called into opera-
tion. And it seems to me that the case of this
man Wright is one of the least objectionable
in the whole list. Indeed the men named
in this bill are men against whom, although
we have been going over the list repeatedly
for several months, no objection has been made
until this very day. My friend from Ohio asks
me how I know that he signed the petition. I
answer him because itis sent through the exec-
utive committee of the Republican party of Vir-
ginia as his petition, and as signed by him. I
am asked how I know that is the committee.
We know it exactly, as we knew that the gen-
tleman from Ohio himself was the chairman
of the Republican executive committee during
the last election.
Mr. WOOD. I should like to ask a question.
Mr. PAINE. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. WOOD. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin whether Congress is to
grant this indulgence only to men indorsed by
the Republican State committee? Is that his
position?
Mr. PAINE. No, sir; I have said what I
did as an answer to the objection coming from
my own friends.
Mr. WOOD. Would the gentleman grant
this indulgence to men indorsed by the Demo-
cratic State committee as well as by the Repub-
lican State committee?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
when a man is indorsed by the Republican
State committee we need go no further, but
that when he is indorsed by the Democratic
committee we want further facts before taking
final action. [Laughter.]
Mr. PAINE. I resume the floor.
Mr. DICKEY. I want to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. PAINE. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. DICKEY. I want the gentleman from
Wisconsin to tell me the peculiar circumstances
under which a gentleman from this District,
from whom it is proposed to remove political
disabilities,- got into the rebel army.
Mr. PAINE. To whom does the gentleman
refer ?
Mr. DICKEY. To Robert Cawthon, Wash-
ington city, District of Columbia.
Mr. PAINE. I will send the papers in Mr.
Cawthon's case to the Clerk's desk to be read.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let us take them one
at a time.
The SPEAKER. The bill is before the
House.
The Clerk read the papers, as follows :
"Washington, D. C., January 12,1869.
To the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States in Congress assembled :
The undersigned, a citizen of Washington, District
of Oolumbia, respectfully represents that by the acts
of Congress known as the " reconstruction laws," and
by the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States he is placed under certain dis-
abilities which he desires to have removed; and he
therefore respectfully prays that yon will restore
him to the rights and privileges belonging to a free
American citizen.
Remarks.
X am a native of Virginia. and under the adminis-
tration of President Polk, in 1846, was appointedposfc-
masterinthecityof Lynehburg, Virginia, from which
position results my disabilities. In 1882 X was a clerk
in the confederate post office department, so called,
which I held but a short time. I took no part what-
ever in the late war, being of that age which ex-
empted me from military service.
It is my fixed purpose to support the reconstruc-
tion acts of Congress with oil their requirements,
and shall favor and support, General Grant's admin-
istration to the extent of my humblo ability.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
ROBERT CAWTHON.
From my personal acquaintance with Mr. Cawthon
and the representations of others, I liave full confi-
dence in his statements, and recommend the removal
of his disabilities.
Very respectfully, C. D. HUBBARD,
I concur in the above statement of Hon. C. D.
Hubbard. J. J. GRAVELY.
Ebeitt House, January 8,1868.
My Dear Sir: I can with much confidence rec-
ommend for release from disability Robert Cawthon,
esq., of Virginia. He was exempt by age from mili-
tary duty at the opening of the rebellion, and had
no connection with it. I have not a doubt it is his
honest and firm purpose to bo a faithful citizen of
the United States and to submit himself to the Con-
stitution and laws Of the United States. I trust he
will be relieved.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH SEGAR.
Hon. Mr. Beck, of the Reconstruction Committee.
January 13,1868.
I am enabled, from a long knowledge of Mr. Caw-
thon, to indorse his application for relief from dis-
abilities. i'romhis high character itmay be expected
of him to fulfill strictly every engagement he will
make; and I do not doubt that his present applica-
tion is made and will be executed in good faith.
JOSEPH SEGAR.
Mr. PAINE. It will be seen that this case
is indorsed by the gentleman from West Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Hubbard,] and by the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Gravely,] and by Hon.
Joseph Segar, formerly a member of this
House.
Mr. DICKEY. Iam fully satisfied that this
man's disabilities should not be removed.
Mr. GRAVELY. I wish to make a state-
ment, in answer to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, as my name is signed to the recom-
mendation for the removal of the political
disabilities of this man. The gentleman has
fallen into an error, which I wish to correct.
He seems to be under the impression that this
man was in the city of Washington until after
the close of the rebellion. Now, his petition
shows that he was all the time in the city of
Lynchburg, in the very heart of the rebellion.
He was the postmaster before the war, and he
held the position of postmaster under the so-
called confederate government. He is an old
man who never took any active part in the
rebellion, and who came to this city after the
war had closed. He has pledged his entire
support to the Government. 1 merely make
this statement to correct any false impression
in this matter.
Mr. PAINE. I yield to the gentleman from
Kentucky two or three minutes.
Mr. BECK. I desire to say a word or two in
answer to son„e questions asked by gentlemen
on the other side of the House. As a member
of the sub-Committee on Reconstruction, the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] and
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Norris]
being the other members of it, 1 will state that
it was our endeavor to present no names in this
bill except those to whom no objection had
been made up to the time we made this report.
While the great majority of the names con-
tained in this bill, perhaps nine-tenths, are
those of Republicans, there are still a few Dem-
ocrats recommended. The committee did not
make it a test that a man should belong to a
party as a sine qua non, but whenever a man
was recommended in such a form as to induce
the committee to believe it was a fit case for
this Congress to interfere they inserted the
name of that man. The intention was not to
present to-day a party question, but to ask the
House to act on each one of the cases upon its
merits.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I would like to in-
quire of the gentleman whether the names pre-
sented in this bill from the State of Kentucky
are indorsed by the members from Kentucky?
Mr, BECK. Th$y are indorsed by all the
members of the House from Kentucky except
one, [Mr. McKeb,] who I understand will op-
pose the removal of their disabilities.
I will say further that there are only five
names from Kentucky, and of three of those
the leading Republicans in their portion of the
State urge that the disabilities may baremovecl,
for the reasons given in the papers which have
been filed. Each of these three persons have
signed their petitions themselves. In- two of
the cases the papers ware signed in the presence
of some of us ; in the other case my colleague
[Mr. Knott] furnished the papers. The papers
are signed by the district attorney of Kentucky,
by ex-Attorney General James Speed, by
judges of the courts, by editors of the leading
newspapers, and by some forty "or sixty lead-
ing Republicans of the State. No objections
have been filed in regard to any of these names
up to the time of reporting this bill; if there
had been we would not have reported them, for
we did not wish to embarrass the passage of
the bill.
Mr. PAINE. I yield to the-gentleman from
Kentucky, who wishes to make a motion to
strike out certain names.
Mr. McKEE. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing names:
D. Howard Smith, of Franklin county: Philip Lee,
of Jefferson countv; J, K. Huey, of Livingston
county: David 0. Harris, of Woodford county; and
James W. Schooling, of Marion county; all in Ken-
tucky.
Mr. PAINE. I will yield five minutes to
the gentleman to speak in support of his
amendment.
Mr. McKEE. I did not desire to speak gen-
erally upon this bill, but I did desire particu-
laily to speak in regard to the persons whose
names I have moved to strike out. It is hardly
possible, however, for me to say what I wished
to say, or what I think ought to be said, in the
space of five minutes.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow the
papers in those cases to be read first?
Mr. McKEE. It is impossible unless the
gentleman from Wisconsin will allow me more
time. Being limited to five minutes I suppose
I must go on with what I have to say now.
One reason why I make the motion to strike
out all these names is that I think just at this
particular time especially there ought to be at
least a good deal of care exercised in regard
to removing disabilities, and more particulary
from persons in my own State, because we
occupy a position entirely different from tbat
of any other of the States. These men from
Kentucky, whose names are brought forward
for relief, are perhaps with one single excep-
tion, and I am not sure that there is even that
one, men who are holding office in violation
of the Constitution of the United States, and
have been thus holding office for the space of
more than eight months, ever since the four-
teenth article of amendment to the Constitu-
tion was declared to be a part of the law of
the land.
A portion of these men—and I mention them
especially, Mr. Philip Lee, of Jefferson county,
and J. W. Schooling—have been elected to
office since the proclamation announced the
fourteenth amendment to be a part of the Con-
stitution. They were elected to office in vio-
lation of that instrument, knowing at the time
that they were disqualified, and after that elec-
tion they went on m defiance of the Constitu-
tion, assumed the duties of their offices, and
they continue to hold on to this day. And
now, when there is a prospect that Congress
will pass a law imposing a penalty upon those
who hold office in violation of the Constitution,
and providing for their removal from office,
these men come here and ask to have their dis-
abilities removed. Why? Not because they
are in any way converted to the truth or to the
right, not because they admit that the doctrines
they advocated in the past were erroneous, not
because they regret that for four years they
fought to destroy the Government, but that
they may hold office, and that is the only rea-
son assigned in their petitions.
