1230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
I have read them all over. Moreover, I have
read the indorsements upon the petitions by
the persons who signed them, and I make this
statement to the House, and I call the atten-
tion of the Committee on Reconstruction to it:
that in the indorsements put upon their papers
by some of the Republicans in the State of
Kentucky there is not one single man who
gives as a reason why their disabilities should
be removed that they have changed their opin-
ions or that they are for enforcing the laws of
the United States. The only reason given at
all is that these men are good fellows, and that
they are disposed to submit now and behave
themselves. Well, T do not know that we are
under any peculiar obligation to these men. or
that we owe them anything because they are
thus disposed. We certainly are strong enough
to-day to compel them to submit to the law.
{Here the hammer fell.]
temperance anniversary.
Mr. PRICE. I ash the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Whereas a society was formed by the members of
the Thirty-Ninth Congress, called the "Congres-
sional Temperance Society;" and whereas it is con-
templated by said society to hold an anniversary
meeting of the saioo on Sunday, the 21st instant, at
half pnst seven o'clock p. m.: Therefore,
Hesolved, That the Hall of the House of Repre-
sentatives be granted for that purpose, to enable
members of Congress to tako part in the ceremonies
on that occasion.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
DKLAWAKli BllKAKWATKIl.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution of
the House, relative to surveys for a harbor at
the Delaware breakwater, &c.; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
pottawatomie indians.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
si communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a letter from the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, relative to a divis-
ion of the triple fund of the Pottawatomie
Indians, and asking power to dispose of certain
bonds, &c.; which was referred to the Corn-
mil tee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
leave of ahsunch.
Mr. Ui'mon, on account of ill health, was
granted leave of absence from the evening
session.
Leave of absence from the evening session
of to-night was granted to Mr. Cauv, 11 r.
Djugos, Mr. Benton, and Mr. Poland ; and
for two (lays to Mr. ILulhurd.
The hour of half past four o'clock having
arrived, the House, pursuant to order, took a
recess itntil half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
internal taxes.
The House reassembled, pursuant to order,
at half past seven o'clock p. m., in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scoftei.d in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 10C0) to re-
duce into one actandtoamend the laws relating
to internal taxes.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Kelley, to amend section fifty-six of the
amendment in relation to distilled spirits re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means,
as already amended, by striking out " 18G9"
and inserting "1870" in lieu thereof; so as
to read:
That ail distilled spirits in any bonded warehouse
3 on or,. before the 20th day of April, 1870, be
withdrawn from such warehouse, and the taxes paid
on ttie same; and the casks or packages containing
said 'ipmls shall be marked and stamped and be sub-
ject m all respects to the same requirements as if
m !>n nfactured after the 20th day of July, 18G8. And
anj unfilled bpirits remaining in any such bonded
w.rehouse after the 20th day of April, 1870, shall be
forieitcd to the United States, and shall be sold or
disposed of lor tlio benefit of thosame, in such man-
uer as shall bo prescribed by the Commissioner of
Internal ltevenue, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, &e,
Mr. KELLEY. 1 will state briefly my object
in offering that amendment. It relates to the
fine whiskies that are in bond. There are
about ten million gallons as the estimate runs,
and with the monthly consumption there will
be about eight million gallons at the time the
present limitation expires, which must be taken
out under penalty of forfeiture. The duties
upon the whole amount to about five million
dollars. Many of the men of smallest capital
engaged in this branch of business will have to
sacrifice a part of their stock in order to pay the
tax upon the balance. Men of large wealth
may hold it and pay, but it will require them,
if they have any considerable stock on hand,
to be men of very large means.
The result will be that the draft made upon
the capital of the comparatively few men who
prepare these fine whiskies to be kept for im-
provement from age will be so great as to crip-
ple them to an extent which will prevent them
from pursuing the business during the next
year. By virtue of the average rate of con-
sumption, which is from five to six hundred
thousand gallons per month, this stock will
nearly all be taken out during the next year.
So that when the time I have named, April,
1870, shall arrive, it will be a very easy mat-
ter for them to provide the means to pay the
taxes on the balance and take it out of bond.
This proposition does not, as the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Schunck] fears it may, connect itself with any
scheme for perpetuating the bonded warehouses.
The stock therein was limited when it was pro-
posed to fix the time at ninety days. That
time was afterward extended to nine months
by a concurrence of the two Houses. None
could be added to the stock after that date.
The liquor that has been distilled since that
time has gone into other warehouses. And all
I ask is that instead of the Government press-
ing for the $5,000,000 tax by a given day,
leading to a great sacrifice of property, it may
from day to day, week to week, and month to
month, for a year, collect the tax on the amount
consumed. So far as the gentleman are con-
cerned in whose behalf 1 speak—the large
dealers in liquors for table use, who are en-
gaged in business in Philadelphia—they have
no thought of extending this system. They
ask merely to be dealt with as they would be
dealt with had they been importers of foreign
liquors. Then they would have the right to
keep them in store for three years, during the
last two of which they would pay ten per cent,
tax additional, and then ship them to Cuba or
to Canada, reimport them, and hold them again
for three years, paying ten per cent, for the
last two years. They ask simply that the same
privilege may be extended to the American
product for one year that is extended to the
foreign product for three years.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. The Committee of Ways
and Means have examined this subject very
carefully, as I said the other night in some
remarks I (lien made, and can see no reason
why this time should be extended unless it be
in order that the Government may become
substantially the lender of moneys to these
persons who own whisky or distilled spirits now
in bond. They have had, or will have had,
nine months under the existing law, within
which time, to withdraw all distilled spirits
from bond. And in that same law, the law of
July 20, 1809, a provision was inserted which
requires the distiller of distilled spirits to with-
draw them within one year from the day of
their manufacture.
Now, the proposition of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] will not only in-
volve the necessity of extending the time to
these persons who placed their whisky in bond
before July 20, 1868, but it will also involve
the necessity, in order to make it just and
equal to all, of extending the time to the dis-
tillers who may have distilled spirits since the
20th of July last, because they have gone on
with their distilling under the idea that at the
expiration of one year they would be com-
pelled to withdraw thmr spirits from b( d.
If we extend the time for those who placed
their whisky in bond while the tax of two dol-
lars per gallon was in force we must extend it
to those who have made or bought whisky
under the tax of fifty cents per gallon.
As I said a few evenings ago, while this may
operate harshly upon men who have engaged
largely in the manufacture of distilled spiiits
before July last, or who have become large
purchasers of distillers' spirits under the idea
that they would make large profits by a subse-
quent reduction of the tax, yet it seems to me
that for the sake of uniformity in our legisla-
tion, and for the purpose of placing this sub-
ject of distilled spirits upon a firm and settled
basis, we should not now extend the time
beyond that originally fixed in the act of July
20, 1868.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the pond-
ing amendment is exhausted, and no further
amendment is in order.
Mr. KELLEY. I withdraw my amendment
that my colleague [Mr. O'Neill] may renew it.
Mr. O'NEILL. I renew the amendment of
my colleague. Mr. Chairman, last year when
we were discussing the tax bill very good rea-
sons were given in favor of granting then an
extension of time to those who had whisky in
bond. The time then granted is about to elapse.
I do not see why we cannot, as business men,
look upon this proposition with the same favor
with which we looked upon it last summer. I
consider this as a mere business proposition—
a proposition which between men in private
life would certainly be listened to and very
probably be granted.
These gentlemen have in bond about eight
million gallons of whisky, the payment of the
tax upon which on the 20th of April next would
bo nearly five million dollars. They find them-
selves still unable to take the whisky out of
bond, and I do not see why the committee
should not accede to the proposition for an ex-
tension of the time when the Government has
nothing to lose by it. If this whisky be now
taken out of bond there will be thrown upon
the market an immense amount of the article
for which there is no demand. Hence it must
be sold at ruinous prices. Mr. Chairman, when-
ever I can protect the interests of individuals
without injuring the interest of the Govern-
ment I am always willing to do so. The tax
on whisky now in bond is an immense amount
of money to be paid by a few men. Some in-
dividuals will probably have to pay as much
as two or three hundred thousand dollars, and
it will be very destructive to their interests to
be compelled to make this payment by the time
now fixed by the existing law.
15y granting the extension now asked for the
Government will not lose its tax. The whisky
is safely under the control of the internal rev-
enue officers. The whisky is improving every
day, and when it comes upon the market in a
legitimate business manner it will be benefited
by having been stored so long. I do not see
why the committee cannot favor the amend-
ment of my colleague. No gentleman has yet
shown what disadvantage it will be to the Gov-
ernment. It is not as if this favor or privilege
were to be given to men not known in their
respective communities as legitimate traders
in whisky. It is not proposed to give this
privilege to those who have been endeavoring
to withhold from the Government one penny
of its tax. The simple effect of the proposition
is to give an extension of time to those who,
when a year shall have rolled round, will be
better able to meet the demands of the Gov-
ernment, to pay the tax, and then let the
whisky come gradually upon the market as it
is wanted.
I think there is much force in the argument
which was urged at the last session, and which
has been very well put this evening by my col-
league, [Mr. Kki.ley,] that while we are favor-
ing the importer of brandies and other foreign
liquors by allowing him to keep hia goods in
bond two or three years, we should not press
the American dealer in whisky perhaps to bank-
