278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
South who were sent North. At one time our
Government refused to receive them, and the
number who were stopping in Richmond, anx-
ious to get across the linos, was very large.
Suppose they were the owners of property
seized, or that the property of rebel relatives
had been placed in their hands and the title
given to them ; there eOuld be no question
about the loyalty of such people; it could
easily be proven. Are we to refund ill all
these cases ?
There is another class of cases. Take the
case of British subjects or other aliens in any
of our southern seaports, where their property
has been used or destroyed by the accidents of
war; if there should be a provision in any
treaty now on the tapis covering claims of this
character are gentlemen prepared to say that
they will vote for the ratification of a treaty
paying for ail property so destroyed by our
Army or Navy during the recent rebellion?
If we pay our own citizens on the ground that
they were not rebels,-though in rebel territory,
how can we refuse to pay aliens that were not
rebels?
Take the case of loyal men whose slaves
were seized before the proclamation of Presi-
dent Lincoln and used in our Army. Arc
they to be paid for the value of their slaves;
and if not, why not? Senators will do well to
look into the full bearings of this case.
It seems to me, Mr. President, thatjf we are
to adopt the principle of paying parties who
are loyal for property taken or destroyed by
the Government during the war it ought to be
done under some general law; that the subject
should be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and that we should have a system—
some just rule of'perpctual guidance—bv which
all these claims shall be hereafter adjudicated;
for it is quite manifest that it will be utterly
out of the power of the Committee on Claims
to consider even a tithe of them. This city
to-day is full of millions and millions of them.
Instead of there being only $30,000,000 of
them, as stated by the Senator from Tennes-
see, I should be glad to think there were not
more than $80,000,000 already lodged with
claim agents and attorneys in the city at the
present moment. Let the Senate decide in
favor of this case, and they will make Wash-
ington the Paradise of claim agents.
But when the question comes up exclusively
as to loyalty, the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Hendricks,] who addressed the Senate on
Friday last, will very soon, I fear, come to the
conclusion that the Constitution does not
require that a man shall be loyal to be paid
where his property is taken for public use, for
the Constitution says nothing at all about the
loyalty of the party. It reads ;
"Nor shall private property be takon for pnhlic
bso withoutjuat compensation."
There is nothing in that about loyalty, and
if we , tolerate any cases in States lately in
rebellion of this sort we shall very soon waive
anything about loyalty and admit the whole.
Why, sir, we might with almost as much pro-
priety bring forward a claim that the loyal
North—which has already raised over fifteen
hundred million dollars for taxes, and has had
its property thus taken to that amount for pub-
lie use, when the South was not taxed at all-
should have that amount refunded, and then
that we should levy a tax bill covering the
whole country, including the South, in order
to have that compensated for. I think there
would be about as much justice in that claim
as in the one before the Senate. When the
Senator from lennessee said, as I understood
him, that if we do not pay these claims of
$30,000,000 the entire South will vote to repu-
diate the public debt, I regretted it, as I thought
we had at least evidence that there was one man
from the South who might vote so any way.
But, Mr. President, I do not desire to con-
sume the time of the Senate on this question.
It seems to me a perfectly plain case, and one
that ought to be rejected it we expect ever to
rescue our country from its present unfortunate
financial condition.
Mr. ANTHONY. I had intended, Mr. Pres-
ident, to make a few remarks upon this bill, as
the unfortunate report which has suffered so
much at the hands of some of the Senators
was made by me; but the subject has been so
thoroughly discussed that there seems to be
nothing left for me to say about it, and if there
were 1 should surely not attempt to answer
the legal arguments which have been made by
the Senators who are learned in the law. My
consolation in regard to them is, that whereas
it has been proved conclusively and absolutely
and unmistakably on one side that the payment
of this claim violates all the principles of con-
stitutional and statute law, it is shown upon
the other side that a refusal to pay it will be
an equal violation of constitutional and statute
law; and I suppose, when the learned doctors
differ, that plain men may take the plain sig-
nificance of the question.
If the Constitution is to be>read according to
its plain understanding I am unable to see
how this case evades the provision that pri-
vate property shall not be taken for public use
without just compensation. Whqn you can
prove to me that this property taken for the
construction of a public building by the Uni-
ted States, is not to be paid for, then you will
satisfy me that any other debt that the United
States owes is not to be paid. This is not
property that was destroyed by an army on its
march; it is not property that was destroyed
to prevent its falling into the hands of the
enemy and affording him aid and comfort; it
is not property that would have been destroyed
by one army if it was not by the other ; but it
is a certain amount of property that the Uni-
ted States took by competent authority and by
public necessity for the construction of a pub-
lic work, and we are just as much bound to
pay for those materials, for the stone and the
wood that were used in the construction of
that fort, as we are to pay for the cannon that
was mounted upon it or the ammunition with
which the cannon was served; just as much as
we are bound to pay for the supplies and the
clothing that were furnished to the garrison in
that fort.
This case was presented to the Senate two
or three years ago. It was examined before
the Committee on Claims. It was reported,
I think, unanimously. The evidence of the
loyalty of this lady was presented before us to
the satisfaction of every member of the com-
mittee. I am not able now to recall the evi-
dence, but I recollect that military officers
appeared before the committee, came on here
voluntarily to testify upon that point, and the
committee were perfectly satisfied upon that
point, and so reported, but did not report all
the verbal evidence upon which they relied.
The bill was reported from the Committee on
Claims. It passed the Senate. It went to the
House of Representatives. In the House of
Representatives they had a rule which pre-
vented the consideration of bills of this kind.
The case was so strong upon its merits that
the rule was suspended in its favor, and the bill
would undoubtedly have passed but for want
of time. It fell for want of time.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator must have
forgotten that the Committee of Claims in the
House of Representatives made an adverse
report upon it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I know they made an
adverse report, but that was reconsidered.
Mr. POME ROY. I find no evidence of that.
Mr. ANTHONY. The adverse report was
made on the ground that the rule of the House
did not allow the consideration of such claims
at all, and that rule was suspended. That is
my recollection. If the Senator is more cor-
rectly informed, I may be mistaken.
Mr. POMEROY. I cannot find it in the
Globe. I looked into the Globe on that ques-
tion.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, it passed the Senate,
anyhow. There is no doubt about that. It has
passed this body once ; and now, that Congress
having expired, the claimant comes before this
Congress and presents her petition again, and
she is told thatsomehowor other, she doennot
know how, she is a rebel. I believe the Sena-
tor from Michigan [Mr. HowAnn] proved it out
of Vattel, and I think one of the Senators threw
Puffendorf at the poor girl's head; and I do
not know but that somebody is preparing a
dose of Grotius for her. [Laughter.] But,
Mr. President, I believe that not Yattel, Puff-
endorf, nor (Jrotius, nottlie Senate and House
of Representatives, nor the Army and Navy,
nor Powers and principalities, northings pres-
ent, nor things to come can make any man or
woman an unwilling rebel. I do not believe
that any national law can make th e Senator from
Kansas or myself a rebel wherever we may live.
And now if we are going to refuse to pay this
claimant the debt which was incurred by the
authority of the United States, by competent
authority, for a legal purpose, and a necessary
purpose, at least let us spare her character.
She is a daughter of a United States officer.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator does
not think that I tried to make her out a rebel.
I tried to speak of her in the highest terms.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not think the Sen-
ator helped her much.
Mr. POMEROY. I am informed from all
sources that she is a lady of the highest re-
spectability. I never intended to reflect at
all upon her. What I contend is that you have
not proved her loyalty.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well,, sir, her loyalty
was proved before the Committee on Claims to
their unanimous satisfaction. Whatever dif-
ferences the Committee on Claims might have
had, if they had any, (and I do not think they
had, although my friend from Oregon [Mr.
Williams] urging me to make this report all
the time, I believe now professes to be on the
other side;) nobody questioned her loyalty. I
think my friend from Oregon will agree that
the loyalty of this lady was made out to the
entire satisfaction of the committee ; and now
I ask Senators at least to spare that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not propose to con-
trovert what the honorable Senator says, butl
think my record will show from beginning to
end that I have opposed all these claims. I
spoke and voted against the Armes claim. I
spoke against a claim of a smilar nature here,
originating in Virginia, at the last session. I
have been opposed to this principle, and con-
troverted it in the Committee on Claims when-
ever it came up in that committee. It is true
I had these papers in my hands, and I must
confess I felt very rcluctant to report against
Miss Murphey, and I did request the honor-
able Senator to take the papers out of my
hands, knowing what his views and feelings
were upon the question, and he consented to
do it. Bat I hope the honorable Senator will
not say that I ever spoke'or voted in favor of
paying this claim.
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir ; I do not say so ;
but I appeal to the Senator from Oregon if the
loyalty of this lady was not perfectly made out
before the committee? Was there any ques-
tion of it?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I make no question of
the lady's loyalty, and never have made any.
Mr. DOOLITITjE. Mr. President, I have
listened to this debate with very great interest,
and, I confess, with a sense of high responsi-
bility ; not because the case itself involves
very much, but because the principle which
may be established by the passage of this bill
may involve a large amount of money. It is
not my purpose to discuss the questions in-
volved at length. I rise rather to state the
conclusions to which my mind has arrived
during the discussion. When it began, I con-
fess that in consideration of the amount which
might, follow the establishment of claims of
this kind in the southern States, I was disposed
to, shrink from it; indeed the prejudice of my
mind, if I had,any, was against the considera-
tion of the claim. I wished it were not here;
I wished it had not come up. But, sir, the dis-
cussion has been had ; the case is here, and I
must state frankly the conclusionsto which my
mind has*arrived.
