1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I believe that the true rulegoverning cases of
this kind is well stated hy Vattel, and that, no
authority which has been produced here and no
consideration or argument introduced here
changes at all the effect of the rule he lays
down : it is in answer to the question "whether
a State is bound to indemnify individuals forthe
damages they have sustained in war." H'e
shj s : ■
" The damages under consideration arc to be dis-
tinguished into two kinds: those done by the State,
and those done by the enemy. Of the first kind"—
That is, of those done by the State itself—
"some are done deliberately and by way of pre-
caution; as, when a field, ahouso, agarden belonging
to a private person is taken for the purpose of erect-
ing on the spot a.town, rampart, or any other piece of
fortification. Such damages are to be made good to
the individual who should bear only his quota of the
loss. But there are other damages caused by inevit-
able necessity ; as, for instance, destruction caused by
theaitilleryin retaking a town from an enemy. These
are merely accidents; they are misfortunes, which
chance deals out to the proprietors on whom they
happen to fall. For the sovereign indeed ought to
show an equifcablercgard for thesufferers if the situa-
tion of his affairs will admit of it; but no action lies
against the State for misfortunes of this nature, for
losses which she has occasioned, not willfully, but
through necessity, by mere accident in the exertion of
her rights. The same may besaidof damages caused
by the enemy. All States are exposed to such dam-
ages, and woo to him on whom they fall."
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to call his attention, as he is on that point, to
what I would call the marginal note of it,
which he will find in the table of contents under
the head, book four, chapter fifteen, as follows:
" Whether theStato is bound to indemnify the sub-
jects for damages sustained in war."
Showing that this clause is applicable to the
case of damage to a subject and not of damage
to an enemy.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I am
aware of that distinction, and_I_shall come to
that question and state my opinion upon that.
I first speak of the two kinds of damages;
first, those done deliberately* by the Govern-
ment as a matter of precaution, the result of
will and judgment in advance of any actual
conflict; and next, those other damages which
are caused in the midst of the conflict, in the
collision of arms, in the capture and recapture
of piaees, in the destruction which follows
directly and of necessity from the war itself.
This distinction Yattel takes, and it seems to
me to be a wise distinction founded in the very
nature of things. For the accidents of war,
for the destruction which may be occasioned
by the march of armies, by battles, by the cap-
ture of towns, by the resistance of an enemy
when you are endeavoring to capture a town,
no nation in the world could be called upon
justly to pay. They are the acts of a power
which the state does not and cannot control,
and are likened in the law to the acts of God.
They are like fire, like conflagration, like flood,
like earthquakes. On whomsoever these dam-
ages fall, whether loyal or disloyal, the person
who owns the property must submit to his
misfortune and must suffer the loss.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope my honorable
friend will wait a few minutes. I wish to state
my conclusions, and when I am through I will
hear any question.
Mr. CORBETT. Just one point.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It interrupts the line
of argument, if one has a connected train of
thought, to be questioned upon every point as
he passes. I am stating rather the principle
of law which I think controls this case. I
wish to go on and state the distinction between
this case and the case of Armes, in Virginia.
Amies in Virginia was in possession of a
house. The rebels from time to time entered
this house, and it was made the cover of rebels
when they were firing on our pickets. In fact
it was used, not as a fortification exactly, but
a kind of cover for the enemy, and our forces
destroyed the house to destroy this cover of
thef enemy: and the question came up whether
Armes should be paid. I resisted the appro-
priation ; I resisted the bill that appropriated
anything for the payment of Armes s ciaim,
because I insisted that the destruction of
Armes's house was one of the accidents of
war necessary to uncover the enemy or to
drive them away. It was the same as if it had
been destroyed in battle, and therefore I could
not vote for the payment of it.
But this case of Murphey stands upon
another and an entirely different ground. First
of all, after this place, Decatur, has_ come into
the control of our Army this house is required
to be delivered up for the purpose of precau-
tion, deliberately, in order to erect a fortifica-
tion lipoa it; and the house is taken down,
the materials used are put into this fortifica-
tion, and an appropriation of the property is
is made for that purpose deliberately, before
hand, by precaution, by a direct act of the will
of the commander there in possession ; and
such was an absolute appropriation of the
property for the time being by our commander,
and it is a different thing from the case of
Armes, as I understand.
I know it has been said—my honorable friend
from Massachusetts says she was not a subject,
she was an enemy. That is a very important
statement if it is true. If the facts in the case
prove that she was disloyal, that she was in
fact an enemy, aiding and abetting the rebel-
lion against the United States, it would change
her relations toward the Government, in my
opinion, altogether. I know the honorable
Senator has read a letter here which comes in
at the last end of the debate, from a gentleman
by the name of Humphreys, who raises a ques-
tion upon her loyalty, throwing out a loose
expression like this, (which in my judgment
does not entitle theletterto very great weight,)
he says that Miss Murphey made as many rebel
speeches as Senator Howe has made Union
speeches. * Now, this letter comes here, never
having gone to the committee ; it comes here
solely, and containing expressions of this kind,
I confess to the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts that it produces no impression on
my mind as against the report of tho commit-
tee, especially when the report of tho com-
mittee is explained by the honorable Senator
from Rhode Island. The report of the com-
mittee says ; " The loyalty of Miss Murphey is
fully sustained by the statements of officers of
the Army above referred to, and others who
were at Decatur during the war." And the
honorable Senator from Rhode Island states
the fact that these officers appeared in person
before the committee, came at considerable ex-
pense and sacrifice, for the purpose of testifying
before the committee to the loyalty of this
woman; and upon this testimony,our committee
having reported the fact that she was a loyal
person, I act upon the report of the commit-
tee, and not upon loose statements contained
in this letter o"f Humphreys.
Mr. President, I assume, then, that we may
safely stand upon the report of the committee
that she was a loyal person to the Government
of the United States, and being so this Gov-
ernment treats her not as an enemy, but as a
friend. I know, Mr. President, that some-
thing has been said in the course of the discus-
sion about the act of Congress authorizing the
President to declare certain States or parts
of States in insurrection, and that the proc-
lamation of Mr. Lincoln in pursuance of that
authority did actually put those States in a state
of insurrection, so that from the moment they
were declared to be in insurrection all the peo-
ple of that territory, without distinction, were
to be treated as enemies of the United States,
and therefore whenever we touched any portion
of their property, real or personal, it is to be
regarded as enemy's property, not the property
of citizens of the United States.
Mr. President, in my opinion that is not
"iving the true construction either to the act
of Congress or to the proclamation of the
President, for I call your especial attention to
the language of the proclamation of President
Lincoln, in which he says:
"In pursuance of an act of Congress,
13,1861,1 do hereby declare the.inhabitants of^the
said States of Georgia, SouthCarolina, Virftinia,
North Carolina, Tennessee, Alabama, Louisiana,
Texas, Arkansas, Mississippi* and Florida except
I call especial attention to the exceptions—
" except the inhabitants of that part of the State of
Virginia lying west of the Alleghany mountains, and
of such other parts of that State and the other States
hereinbefore named as may maintain, a loyal adhe-
sion to the Union and the Constitution or may bo
from time to time occupied and controlled by, the
forces of the United States engaged in thedispersion
of the insurgents,"
So that the very proclamation of insurrection
excepts the loyal parts of States which main-
tained their adhesion to the Government, aed
not only were then maintaining it, but such
parts of States as from time to time should
be placed in possession and control of the
forces of the United States. Then this place,
Decatur, having been taken possession of by
General Sherman, whatever effect you may
give to the act of Congress and the proclama-
tion of President Lincoln, from the moment
the flag was planted there under the control
of our forces, Decatur was a part of the ter-
ritory of the United States of America; its-
flag was sovereign, and the Constitution was
supreme.
I ■ have never yet admitted that the ho.ur
existed when the Constitution of the United
States was not supreme in right over every
foot of soil from the Potomac to the Bio
Grande. I know other distinguished gentle-
men have differed with me, and have main-
tained that wherever we were excluded by
military force there our jurisdiction, had ceased,
and the rights of the people of that territory
under the Constitution had ceased, and the
States which had come within the lines of the
rebellion ceased to have their rights under the
Constitution of the United States._ But, sir,
by tho very terms of the proclamation all the
portions of the States which were subjected to
our arms were not any longer in insurrection;
and, therefore, whatever view gentlemen may
have taken on that subject—and I shall not
entering the discussion of that question, for
it is a very grave one which 1 have often dis-
cussed on the floor of the Senate, and on which
1 know that the majority have decided against
me—according to the proclamation made by
President Lincoln, this town of Decatur, from
the time that General Sherman occupied it
with his forces, was excepted from the decla-
ration of insurrection, and the Constitution of
the United States became supreme, not only in
fact but in right, and tho people of Decatur
had their rights under tj-iat Constitution.
Mr. President, I know that the decisions of
the Supreme Court have been referred to in
the prize cases arising on questions of block-
ade. Those questions, so far as they were
decided by the Supreme Court, only refer to
the character 6f the property which was cap-
tured. They decided that property which was
captured under the blockade was enemy prop-
erty, irrespective the owner of it. Why, Mr.
President, you might have been the owner of
the property which was captured, and yet un-
der the decision of the Supreme Court the
property itself, from the manner in which it
was captured under the blockade, be decided,
and properly decided, to be enemy property,
and therefore liable to seizure. But the Su-
preme Court never decided that the people
residing within certain territorial limits became
enemies of the United States unless they
engaged actually in rebellion against the
United States.
Mr. President,-1 shall not, as I stated in the
beginning, go into a discussion of this question
at length. I am satisfied that my duty calls
upon me, as this measure is before the Senate,
to vote in favor of the payment of this claim;
and it is not paying for the one hundred acres
of land, but for the damages which were done
in the destruction of the house and the build-
ings and outbuildings around it, which was
appraised properly, as it seems to me, bythe
commanding officer or under his direction,
and ascertained at the time. And there is
another fact not to be forgotten, the fact
stated by the honorable Senator from Tennes-
see, that.in two cases-, precisely simikr, ia'ne
•  1 1 ' 11 _ i?-.. a ..v, fliVr A T
