1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57
40th Goxg 3D iSess.
Miss Sue Murphey—Mr. Fowler.
Senate.
ernment needed this money, and that it was in
some cases properly expended ; but perhaps
more than one lUad ol it, went to the ben-
efit ol speculators and contractors, and those
who bad Ine opportunity of selling the bonds
ill the market. We admit, of course, that we
received iiieir money, and I hope the Govern-
ment may pay every dollar of it. There was
another class of claims iu the South, When
the Army undertook to levy contributions oil
the people declared in insurrection, they re-
ceived from the inhabitants large amounts of
provisions and military stores which enabled
the armies to complete the object for which
they had been sent into that country. This
class of damages, according to the report
of the Secretary of War, amounted last year
to about eighteen million dollars. All the
claims from the entire southern states that
had been preferred did not exceed ;j>18,000,000,
I am very confident that the whole sum will
not at any time exceed §30,000,000. It is
really remarkable, when you come to estimate
the quantity of provisions supplied by these
people, how small the amount of claims is.
i wish to call the attention of the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Moiitox,] who, I believe, is a
member of the Committee on Military Affairs,
to a statement, in lus speech in the other House,
made by Colonel ii.uvluns of my State, who
was the son of a soldier of the war of 1812,
himself a soldier of the war with Mexico, and
who, when the rebellion broke out, left his
home, sought our lines, and afterward raised
a regiment of men, fought gallantly during the,
war, was taken prisoner and placed under the
fire of our own guns in the city of Charleston
for several weeks. He states that he has seen
six thousand Federal troops fed at one place
for two days, without any pay being asked and
without any receipts being given for iheainount
received. The reason why 1 call the atteutiou
of the Military Committee to his name is be-
cause he was nominated here for a brevet last
year, and that nomination slumbered in the
Military Committee. Was it because he was
technically a public enemy that his nomination
remained there, and that his claims to recogni-
tion were allowed to sleep ?
I wish to call attention to the fact that these
quartermasters' claims have been paid by the
Government under the law of July 4, 186-1.
Under that law the quartermaster's depart-
ment and commissary department have con-
tinued to pay them whenever the proper proof
has been furnished to them.
The two classes of claims rest upon pre-
cisely the same basis. The Government ob-
tained from those in insurrectionary districts
quartermaster supplies and commissary stores,
and also the use of real estate, whieh were as
essential and necessary for the purposes of the
Government as the money which was obtained
in the North and iu Europe. Both were ob-
tained for the same purpose and were applied
to the same purpose, and the claims of both,
in my judgment, rest upon the same ground as'
to the obligation upon the part of the Govern-
ment to pay them. I think they rest upon the
same basis and that both sets of claimants have
the same right in law and equity to be paid, and
both ought to be paid.
It is but reasonable that the claimants for
whom I am now speaking should be paid. Why
not? The objection to the fulfillment of this
constitutional obligation, as I understand, rests
upon this ground, and this ground alone, that
the claimant was technically a public enemy,
aud that this section of the country was tech-
nically enemy's country. Kvery argument that
has been adduced by the Senator from New
Jersey, [Mr. Frei.ixguuyskk,] whose argument
lias covered all thegrounds of those opposed to
the bill, has been based on the decision of the
Chief Justice m Mrs. Alexander's cotton case,
in 2 Wallace, 410:
"Being enemys' property, the cotton was liable to
capture and con fixation by the adverse party. (Prize
Cases, 2 Black, 687.) It is truo that this rule, as to
property on land, has received very importantuuali-
fioations from usage, trom the reasonings of enlight-
ened publicists, and from judicial decisions. It uiay
now be regarded as sunstantially restricted 'tospeuial
cases dictated by the necessary operation of the war,'
(1 Kent, 92,) and as excluding in general 'theseizure
of the private property of pacific persons for the sake
of gain.' (Ib., 93.) The commanding general may
determine in w.bat special case#its-more stringent
application is required by military emergencies;
while consideration? of public policy and positive
provisions of law, and th© general spirit of legisla-
tion must indicate the cases in which its applica tion
may be properly denied to the property of non-com-
batant enemies."
What are we to understand by the doctrine
advanced in the prize cases concerning ene-
mies' property and public enemies?
It is manifest thai the court intended nothing
more than was embraced in their decision of
the cases in question. All the cases were of
ships seized on the high seas while attempting
to run the blockade contrary to the proclama-
tion of the President. There is no controversy
as to the character of these vessels and their
cargoes. What was said by the court applied
wholly to the case before them, and-not to the
status of the citizens of the several States.
The rule adopted in these celebrated cases
would never apply to the property of citizens
seized on land of a very different character.
This class of property could only be confiscated
by the authority of the nation. No opinions
of publicists and no practice of nations relative
to property on the high seas has any reference
to real estate. This is the limit of the use
made of the terms public enemy and enemy
property.
The Chief Justice in the Alexander cotton
case referred to the prize cases. But it is very
evident that he applied, his own sentiments of
justice and his enlarged understanding to the
solution of the case. He makes the distinc-
tion clearly between property seized on the
high seas and property taken on land. The
general opinions of the court in the prize cases
in such cases can never be safely applied to
the proper adjudication of property seized on
land.
The decision iu the prize cases rested on
public law, that of the case in question on stat-
ute law. It was not subjected to the rules
adopted in courts of admiralty for the con-
demnation of property admitted to be the sub-
ject of seizure because it is enemy property,
and because it may be and is made use of by
the enemy to furnish him the sinews of  war.
To cripple his resources becomes a matter of
the first importance, and is, therefore, resorted
to. The rule, however, even in this ease is a
harsh one, and unworthy of the sanction of a
just aud honorable people.
In proof of this view of the case I refer to
the opinions of Chancellor Kent, who says:
" Vattel condemns very strongly the spoliation of
a country without palpable necessity; and hesp.eaks
withajustindignationoftheburnmgofthePalatinate
by Xurenne, under the cruel instructions of Len-
vois, the war minister of Louis XIV. The general
usage now is not to touch private property upon
land without making compensation unless in spe-
cial cases, dictated by the nocessary operations of
war, or when captured in places carried by s£orm,
and which repelled, all the overtures for a capitula-
tion. Contributions are sometimes levied upon a
conquered country, in lieu of confiscation of prop;
erty, and as some indemnity for the expenses ot
maintaining order and affording protection. It the
conqueror goes beyond these limits wantonly, or
when it is not clearly indispensable to the just, pur-
poses of war, and seizes private property of pacific
persons for the sake of gain, and destroys private
dwellings, or public edifices devoted to civil purposes
only, or makes war upon monuments of art and
models of taste, he violates the modern usages of war,
and is sure to meet with indignant resentment, and
to be held up to the general scorn and detestation ot
the world."
It was upon such a rule as that laid down by
Chancellor Kent that the Chief Justice was
guided in his more liberal and enlightened
views. The same spirit of humanity and lib-
erality is shown by Mr. Wheaton in the follow-
ing summary of the progress of the customs
of nations on the rights of enemies over prop-
erty, part lour, page £97 :
"In ancient times both the movable and immov-
able property of the vanquished passed to the con-
queror. &,uch was tile liomo.ii , aw oi war, olten
asserted with unrelenting severity; and such was the
fate ot the Koman provinces subdued by Northern
barbarians on the decline and lall ot tue western
empire. A large portion—from one third to two
thirds—of the lands belonging to the vanquished
previnc-ials was confiscated, and partitioned among
their conquerors. The last example in Europe of such
a conquest was that of England by William of Nor-
mt.*idy. Since that period among the civilized na-
tions oi Christendom, conquest, even when confirmed
by treaty of peace, has been followed by no general
or partial transmutation of landed property. The
property belonging to the Government of the van-
quished nation passes to the victorious State, whieh
also takes the place of the former sovereign in regard
to eminent domain. In other respects, private rights
are unattested by conquest."
The conquest of England and the apportion-
ment of the lands among the soldiers of the
victorious leader was the last application of the
terrific rule of national law advocated by the
Senator from New Jersey. Then ensued a reign
of tyranny the like of which never before or
since has been witnessed for duration and cru-
elty. It is the rule of the highwayman, stand
and deliver. It arose in an age when it was
lawful to kill your enemy in battle and spoil
him of his goods or lead him, his wife, and
children into slavery. It is a rule worthy
of the days when the captive enemies made
sport for a Roman audience in the arena of the
amphitheater amid the ferocious monsters of
Africa that were dragged from their distant re-
treats to devour their human victims. It is a
rule ever " more honored in the breach than
in the observance," now tolerable only among
nations destitute of either Conscience or human-
ity. The rule of Christian civilization is to
respect the private property on land. That the
decisions in the prize cases are not free from
grave objections in reference to the reasoning
outside of the actual question before the court
I will call the attention of the Senate to the re-
marks of Judge Sprague in the Law Reporter.
It is unfortunate for the cause of the country
that the cases were decided during the heat of
battle, when the minds of men were unsettled
by passion, when every energy was directed to
the immediate purpose of saving the Union in
its then terrible condition. The whole country
was intent on the present. The future was dark
aud uncertain and of no consequence at the
' time. The idea of subordinating action to the
future good of the country did not enter largely
into the calculations of men. The court took
no care to limit their opinions to the simple
decision of the case, but gave color to the idea
that in their sweeping generalities they intended
to embrace property on sea and land in the
same category. This was neither right nor
intended :
" An objection to the prize decisions of the district
court has arisen from ail apprehension of radical con-
sequences. It has been supposed that if the govern-
ment have the rights of a belligerent, then, alter the
rebellion is suppressed, it will havethe rightsol eon-
quest ; that a State and its inhabitants may be perma-
nently divested of all political privileges and treated
as loreign territory acquired by arms. This is an
error, a grave and dangerous error. Belligerent rights
cannot be exercised when there are no belligerents.
Conquest of a loreign country gives absolute and un-
limited sovereign rights. But no nation ever makes
such a conquest ot its own territory. It a hostile
power, either trom without orwithin a nation, takes
possession aud holds absolute dominion over any por-
tion of its territory, and the nation by force of arms
expels or overthrows the euerny and suppresses hos-
tilities, it acquires no new title, but merely regains
the possession of whieh it had been temporarily de-
prived. The nation acquires no new sovereigntj,but
merely maintains its previous rights. —Law lie-
porter, June, I8t>2, case ot the Amey Warwick,
When the flag of the nation made its appear-
ance iu Alabama, the authority of her laws
was reestablished. The insurrection did not
destroy the rightful authority of the Constitu-
tion, nor change in any respect the rights and
obligations of the citizens. It suspended lor
a time the peaceful execution, and for a time
obscured the light of our political sun ; but
like the national sun when the clouds pass away
it shed over the whole land its life-giving and
protecting rays when the insurgents gave place
to the national soldier.
No new laws, no new form of government,
