1234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
ail I desire to say, and I shall vote for the
amendment.
Mr. WOODWARD. I desire to say a word
upon this amendment. I do not know whether
I quite understand it. I came in just as the
gentleman was discussing his amendment, and
1 do not know that I caught the effect of it.
What I want to say is that there is a large
quantity of whisky in bonded warehouses, as
1 understand, kept there not for speculative
purposes, but for the purpose of maturing it,
and the capitalists who have invested in its
production are out of pocket during the time
it is kept there. These men conceive that the
Government ought not to levy the tax upon it
while it is in that condition; that it will be soon
enough for the Government to tax the whisky
when it comes out of the warehouse for the
purpose of being sold. I understand the gen-
tleman's amendment to have for its object the
taxation of that whisky while in the public
warehouses. If that was the nature and char-
acter of his amendment I am opposed to it;
there is no justice in it. I am no apologist
for the whisky dealer ; I am no advocate or
representative here of any whisky ring; but
I want to see justice done to all my fellow-
citizens. And I tell gentlemen on this floor—
and I desire them to take notice of what 1 say-
tlmt very much of the fraud and rascality com-
plained of in regard to the revenues of this
country arise from the oppressive legislation
of Congress in regard to whisky and tobacco-
two things which t.he American people will use
as long as the world stands.
It is a mistaken form of legislation to direct
the legislative power against the use of these
articles as vices ; they are the most common
habits of our fellow-citizens. It is a mistake
to treat them as vices and to lay these heavy
burdens upon them ; and as long as Congress
shall do that we will continue to witness the
shameful state of things that the gentleman
torn Ithode Island [Mr. Jenckes] referred to
the other day—the stealing of a hundred mil-
lion dollars from the revenue of the country.
The proper way to come to an honest assessment
and collection of your revenue is to treat whisky
and tobacco as other products of the country
are treated, to tax them fairly and reasonably.
But when whisky is laying in bonded ware-
houses and maturing and improving for popu-
lar use do not tax it at all; only tax it when
it comes into market. So long as the man-
ufacturer keeps whisky in bond for the purpose
of its maturing, so.long, I insist, the Govern-
ment should nottaxit. Jt will betime enough
for the Government to tax it when it comes into
market.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MOORHEAI). We had testimony be-
fore the committee with regard to the increase
of value per annum of this whisky. Now, L
I think it is no hardship for the distillers, or
the holders of this whisky in bond to pay the
tax and take it out of bond when the time
expires, or to pay the tax and leave it in.
We had testimony from distillers, from gentle-
men who were anxious to have this tax taken
off, that the whisky increased in value by
being stored at least fifty cents per gallon.
Now, why should the Government furnish
money to enable speculators or any other per-
sons to keep whisky on hand to ripen and
increase in value?
Mr. WOODWARD. Tax it at its increased
value when it comes upon the maiket.
Mr. MOOHIIKAD. There is no law for
that. If the gentleman has any amendment
of that kind-to offer 1 would like to hear it.
Mr. WOODWARD. But so long as the
whisky is not productive do not tax it.
Mr. ALLISON. I had no expectation that
we would i>e able to adjust this law to suit the
Democratic platform, of equal taxation on every
species of property; that is, to tax milk and
w hisky precisely alike. I had supposed it was
just to tax the business of the country at a
higher rate than we tax the actual necessities
of the country. And with that view we have
imposed heavier burdens upon whisky autl
tobacco than we have imposed upon the ordin-
ary necessities of life. Now, the object of
the amendment which I have proposed is to
enable these men to keep this class of spirits
in bonded warehouses to attain age, if they so
desire. But if they use the credit of the Gov-
ernment for that purpose, the Government
being compelled to fuinibh storekeepers and
to pay a portion of the expense of retaining
this whisky in bond, for gauging, &c., then
my amendment provides tliat these men shall
pay an additional tax in return for this benefit.
I desire now to say, once for all, to the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Wood] and the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,]
who seem to stand upon a par with reference
to the question of foreign liquors, that we now
tax foreign brandies $'2 50 per gallon, while we
tax domestic liquors but fifty cents per gallon.
It is true that foreign liquors are allowed to
remain in bond for three years. But I give the
gentlemen notice that at the proper time the
Committee of Ways and Means propose to
bring in a measure to restrict that privilege to
some extent; it will be modified. Thataffords
another reason why it is just to impose an ad-
tional burden upon these high-priced and high-
class whiskies which increase vastly in value by
age, for the privilege of remaining in bond.
Mr. MYERS. 1 would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Am.ison] a question.
I desire to know whether the Committee of
Ways and Means will report such an amend-
ment during this session?
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know whether
they will or not.
Mr. MYEItS. I hope so.
Mr. SClIliNCK. 1 ask unanimous consent
that the debate on the pending amendment be
closed.-
Mr. WOODWARD. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
upon the pending amendment, and no further
amendments are m order.
The amendment of Mr. Allison was
agreed to.
Mr. SCHKNCK. The Committee of Ways
and Means have no further amendments to
offer on the subject of distilled spirits. I pro-
pose now to offer some amendments upon the
subject of tobacco.
Mr. LASH. I move to amend by striking
out after the first two lines of section thirteen
the remainder of the section, as follows:
Whoso distillery has ail aggregate capacity for
mashing and fermonting twenty bushels of fir.iin or
less, or sixty gallon? of molasses or loss, in twenty-
four hours, a tax at two dollars per day, Sundays
excepted : and a tax of two dollars per day lor every
twenty bushels of gram or sixty gallons of molassos
ofsaid capacity in excels of twenty bushels of .'(rain
or sixty gallons of molasses in twenty-four hours.
But nuy distiller who shall suspend work, as pro-
vided by til is a,ct, shall pay only two dollars per day
during the time tho woilt shall bo so suspended ia
his distillery.
And inserting in lion thereof the following:
Ten cents on each bushel of grain, and throe and ono
third cents on every gallon of raolassas whiiSi may
be consumed during the month in the production of
whisky.
So that the section will read as follows :
That thcro shall be assessed and collected monthly
from every authorized di-tiiler ten cents on each
bushel of grain and three and one third cents on every
gallon of molasses which may be consumed during
tho month in the production of whisky.
My object, in offering this amendment is to
do away with the discrimination which, by the
law as it stands, is made against the small dis-
tilleries.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GOLLADAY. I desire to move an
amendment to section fifty-nine.
The CHAIRMAN. That portion of the bill
has been stricken out.
Mr. GOLLADAY. Well, then, I will move
to insert the following wherever it may appro-
priately cotnc in :
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall pre-
vent distillers from making what is called finished
whisky under their plan by filtering it through coal
inside of their distilleries: And provided further,
That they satisfy the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue that such process is in good faith a part of thoir
plan of manufacturing whisky and not intended to
evado the tax and law as to rectification.
Mr. Chairman, 1 will explain my object in
offering this amendment. I have had presented
to me from the county of Robertson, in the
State of Tennessee, three or four applications
for the privilege of making what is called there
"finished whiskyand I have in my mind one
case in which the distiller paid hij license, sub-
mitted his plan to the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue, was allowed to run his distillery
for two or three months, when the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue stopped him, not
allowing him to filter his whisky through coal
to make what they called in Robertson county
"finished whisky." "Robertson county
whisky" is as much an institution south of
Kentucky as "Bourbon" is in Kentucky and
north of it. The Robertson county plan of
making whisky is a regular institution south of
Kentucky, and those who follow it should have
their rights protected. This bill would prevent
all filtering off through continuous tubes which
we are told is for the purpose of avoiding all
manner of swindling. I do not think so, for it
would be much easier to avoid the revenue by
not running through continuous tubes and by
not filtering. I think whenever the Commis-
sioner of the Internal Revenue can be satisfied
that this is necessary to carry out the plan of
making whisky in good faith and not with a
view of infringing upon the revenue this filter-
ing through coal should be allowed. Every
man who knows anything about the manufac-
ture of whisky knows that the first distillation
is not fit for a dog to drink. It is necessary to
get rid of the fusil oil by filtering through coal.
Hence I put in a word in behalf of the Robert-
son county plan of distilling whisky. It is the
system in all the States south of Kentucky, and
at least in one third of Kentucky.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I havo
the utmost respect for that institution which
the gentleman from Kentucky favors so much,
Robertson county whisky, although I doubt
whether dogs will drink that any more than
the other. Now, this amendment brings us
to what is a matter of grave consideration with
the Committee of Ways and Means for the pur-
pose of meeting the difficulties involved in the
collection of the revenue. It is now provided
by law that the tax shall be attached to dis-
tilled spirits whenever separated or vaporized
from the starch or the saccharine principle,
but that tax is not measured until it becomes
distilled spirits. This being laid down as tho
first proposition, the next one is, when does it
become distilled spirits? They have been dis-
posed attheoffice of the Commissioner oflnter-
nal Revenue to call it distilled spirits at the first
stage when liquor made its appearance in dis-
tilling, and by strict construction considered
the process as complete when one single pro-
cess had been gone through with. They ap-
plied the measurement of tax to whisky, and
claimed the right to collect it as soon as it
became high wine. The effect was to cut off
t'hc manufacture of good whisky by continuous
distillation, by preventing doubling over, as in
the manufacture of Bourbon and the finer kinds
of whisky. To meet this the committee have
inserted an amendment in the bill, and it has
been adopted by the Committee of the Whole
as a part of the bill as it now stands, and have
gone as far as it is safe to go. In the fourth
section it is provided that the amount of tax
shall be estimated on the quantity of distilled
spirits actually ascertained at the completion
of the process, to be ascertained by the mode
prescribed in the bill; that is, the tax is to be
estimated on whisky when actually distilled.
If they are distilling fine whisky they pay a
tax on fine whisky, when ascertained ; if on
high wines, when the process is completed
for high wines, thus carrying out the idea of
the bill. On page 73, in defining what con-
stitutes a rectifier, it is provided that be shall
be charged as a rectifier for refining spirits
by any other process than original, contin-
uous distillation from mash, wort, or close
pipes until the distillation is complete; that
is, he shall not be called a rectifier, but only
a distiller, if the whisky, no matter how Sua
