1869.
ffiE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBI.
m
The question was put; and these were—ayes
89, noes 22.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question recurred upon ordering the
• main question to be now put.
Mr. WARD. Does this bill come as a report
from any committee?
The SPEAKER. It was introduced by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Washburn,] on
tins call.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. I desire to state
to the gentleman from New York that a ma-
jority ot the Committee on the Judiciary have
agreed to report a bill repealing the tenure-of-
office law.
Mr. WARD. It seems to me that a bill of
this importance ought to be discussed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. BENJAMIN". 1 call for the yeas and
nays on ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 116, nays 47, not voting
58; as follows:
"YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Axtell, Bailey,
Baldwin. Banks, Barnum, Jjeaman, Beck, Bingham,
Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Bowon, Boyden, Buckley,
Bun, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick II. Butler, Cal-
lis, Cary, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Chft, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Covode, Culiom,
]>awes, Deweese, Dixon, Driggs, Eckley, Eldridgc,
iiclds, Fox, Getz. Grolladay, Gove. Gravely, Gris-
wold, Grover, Haight. Haughey, Heaton, Hooper,
Hopkins, liotchkiss, Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoll,
Johnson, Alexander H. .Tones, Thomas L. Jones,
Judd, Julian, Keller, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham,
Knott, Lash, George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Lough-
ridge, Mailory, Marvin, McCormiok, MoCullough,
Miller, Mungen, Newsham, Niblack, Nioholson, Nor-
ris, O'Neill, Peters, Pettis. Phelps, Plants, Polsley,
Price, Pi;mce, Robertson, Robinson, Roots, Sawyer,
Scofield, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Starkwoathcr, Ste-
vens, Stewart, Stone, Stover, Sypher.Taber, Thomas,
, rift, Lawrence S. Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell,
' Van Auken, Van Trump, Elihu B. Washbnrnc,
Henry D. Washburn, William Williams. Jnnies F.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Windorn, Woodbridgc*
Woodward, and Young—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Dolos R. Ashley,
Baker, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Boles, Bromwoll,
Buckland, Churchill, Corley, Delano, Ela, Farns-
worth, Ferriss, French, Gaifield, Harding, liigby,
Jenckes, Kelsey, Kitchen, Lailin, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, MeKee, Mevcur, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell,
Mullins, Perham, Pierce, Pike, Poland, Pomcroy,
Schenck, Shanks, Shellabarger, Stokes, Taffe, John
Trimble, Upson, Ward, Welker, and Whittemore—iT.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, James
M. Ashley. Barnes, Blackburn, Boyer, Brooks,
Broomall, Cake, Dickey, Dockery, Dodge, Donnelly,
Edwards, Eggleston, Eliot, Ferry, Glossbrcnner,
Gross, Halscy, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hill, Holman,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard
D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Koontz, William Lawrcnce,
Loan, Logan, Lynch,..Marshall, Morrissey, Myers,
Newcomb, Nunn, Orth, Paine,Pile,Pruyn, Randall,
Raum, Ross, Selye, Smith, Taylor, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck,
Vidal, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Thomas Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Wood—58.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, itwas
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURN", of Indiana, moved the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 121, nays 47, not voting
53; asfoiiows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Alli-son, Anderson, Axtell, Bailey,
Baldwin, Banks, Barnum, Beaman, Beck, Bingham,
Ciift, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Corley, Cornell, Cullora,
Dawes, Deweese, Dixon, Driggs, Eckley, Eldridge,
Eliot, Fields, Fox, Getz. Glossbrenner, Oolladay,
<T.>rw, Gove, Griswold, Grover, Haight. llalsey,
Kaughey, Heaton, Hooper, Hopkins, Ilotehki^,
Humphrey, Hunter. Ingersoll. Johnson, Alexander
Ji. Jones, Thomas L. Jones. Judd, Julian, Kelley,
Keliogg, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott, Lasb, Geo™ V.
Lawrence, Lincoln, Loughridge, Mailory, Marvin,
McCormiek, McCullough, Miller. Mungen, New-
comb, Niblack, Nicholson, Norris, O'Neill, Paine,
Peters,Pettis, Phelps, Plants, Price, Prince, Robert-
son, Robinson, Roots, Sawyer, Scofield, Sitgreaves,
Spalding, Starkweather. Stevens. Stewart, Stone,
Stover, Cypher, Taber, Thoaias, Tift, Lawrcnco S.
Trimble. Trowbridge, Twichell, Van Auken, "Van
Trump, Vidal, LlihuR. Washburne, Henry P. >Yasfa-
biun, William Williams, James P. Wilson, John T
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Woodbridge,
Woodward, and Young—121.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Dolos R. Ashley,
Baker, Boatty, Benjamin, Benton, Boles, Bromweli,
Buckland, Churchill, Delano, Ela, Farnsworth, Per-
nss, French, Garfield, Harding, Higby, Jenckes,
Keisey. Kitchen, Juafiin, Maynard, McCarthy, Mo-
Kee, Mcreur, Moore. Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins,
Newsham, Perham. Pike, Poland. Polsley, Pomeroy,
Schenck, Shanks. Shellabarger, Stokes, Taffe, John
Trimble, Upson, Ward, Wolker, and Whittemore—47.
NOT VOilNOr—Messrs. Adams, Archer, James M,
Ashley, Barnes, Blackburn, Boyer, Brooks, Broom-
all, Cake, Covode, Dickey, Dockory, Dodge, Don-
nolly* Edwards^Eggleston, Ferry, Gravely. Hamil-
ton, Hawkins, Hill, Holman, Asahel W. Hubbard,
ChosterD.Hubbard, Richard D. nubbard, Hulburd,
Koontz, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Lynch,
Marshall, Morrissey. Myers, Nunn, Orth, Piorce,
Pile, Pruyn, Randall, Raum, Ross, Selye, Smith,
laylor. Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T.
Van Horn, Van Wyck, Cndwaladcr C. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Thomas Williams, and
Wood—53.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mrs. ii. h. gates.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, asking the favorable
attention of Congress to the claim of Mrs. II.
L. Gates?, widow of the late Brevet Brigadier
General William Gates, an officer of the Army
for sixty-two years, for a difference of pay due
said officer ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Bit. SETII W. LA.NGDON.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a report of the Adjutant General
of the Army upon the claim of Dr. Set.h W.
Langdon, of Vermont, for medical services
rendered the United States at the draft rendez-
vous at New Haven, Connecticut, in response
to a request of the Committee on Military
Affairs ; which was referred to the Committee
011 Military Affairs.
NATIONAL CUMETEIUES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
in compliance with the act of February 22,
1867, transmitting the report of Brevet Major
General L. Thomas on the national cemeteries
of the United States, with remarks thereon by
the Quartermaster General of the United
States Army ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
postal telegraph.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Postmaster General,
transmitting a report by Gardiner G. Hubbard,
of Boston, with draft of bill and other papers,
relative to the establishment of a cheap system
of postal telegraph ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
JONES VS. MANN ELECTION CONTEST.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
additional testimony in the contested-election
case of Simon J ones vs. James Mann, of Louisi-
ana; which was referred to the Committee of
Elections.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Leave of absence for three days was granted
to Mr. Bowen.
CONSULAR, ETC., AfPltOPXil ATI ON BILL.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now expired, and the House resumes the con-
sideration of the amendments reported from
the Committee of the Whole to the consular
and diplomatic appropriation bill, upon which
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will my colleague
yield to me to offer a resolution ?
Mr. WAS IIBURNE, ,of Illinois, , After the
consular bill ,shajl have been disposed ; of I
propose to go into Committee of the Whole on
the naval appropriation bill. ,Before doing so,
however, I will yield to gentlemen to ..get ia
some business they desire to introduce.
Mr. FARNSWORTH,. 1 want to introduce
a resolution for a committee of investigation
on some post office matters that have already
been referred to, in debate here,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of .Illinois. If I yield
at all for such a pumose it will be to the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Ex.a.1
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The consular appropria-
tion bill is the regular order, it having been
the special order in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee of the Whole, when considering the
consular appropriation bill, struck out two or
three sections upon points of order raised by
gentlemen. I believe every gentleman in the
House concedes that the sections were right;
but as they were not strictly in order under the
rules, they were excluded upon points of order.
I therefore propose to offer as a substitute for
the bill aa reported from the Committee of the
Whole, an amended bill, which shall embrace
those sections which were excluded upon points
of order. That substitute, which I hold in my
hand, is the bill reported from the Committee
on Appropriations, with some formal changes
in reference to consulates which by mistake
had been put in the wrong schedule, and a
consulate which had been omitted by mistake.
There was an informal vote making a new con-
sulate at Valencia, Spain ; but the gentleina,u
who moved that amendment is now satisfied
that it may be properly left out. I therefore
offer the substitute I have indicated.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent, as it contains some matter not in order
under the rules.
Mr. -JENCKES. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
move that the rules be suspended, in order that
I may be allowed to offer the substitute I have
indicated.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to inquire whether
the bill %hich it is proposed to adopt as a
substitute does not contain three or four sec-
tions which have been ruled out of order?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
what I have stated.
Mr. SCHENCK. The object is, then, to sus-
pend the rules to get in that which is out of
order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The object
of suspending the rules is, as a matter of course,
to make the substitute in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
my colleague [Mr. Washburne] does not in
his substitute strike out any of the amendments
which were adopted in Committeeof the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. None that
were adopted, with the exception of that in
regard to a consulate at Valencia. The gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Kelsey,] my
colleague on the committee, who offered that
amendment, came to the conclusion after hear-
ing an explanation that a consulate ought
not to be established at that place.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has the substitute been
printed ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The sub-
stitute is the bill as originally reported, with
the amendment suggested by the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. PolakdJ in relation to the
collection of fees on vessels in Canada.
Mr. MUNGEN. I call for the readingofthe
substitute.
The Clerk proceeded to read the substitute,
which is as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
the following:
That the following sums be, and thesame are here-
by. appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, for the objects herein-
after expressed, for the fiscal year ending the SOth
June, 1879, namely: _ ... .
For salaries of envoys extraordinary, in misters, ana
commissioners of the United States at Groat I>riUun,
France, Russia, Prussia, Spain, Austria, Brazj am ex-
