60
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 21,
Senate.
State Passenger Taxes—Mr. Morton.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
ment of their rights or the redress of their
wrongs.
The General Government is no sovereignty
in the sense of that term as used in the books.
That idea has been derived from nations that
vainly believed that their prince derived his
authority.from the Deity, whose representative
he was. There the citizen is subordinate to
the State, and derives all his privileges from
it. In them are no rights but those of the sov-
ereign. The citizen has privileges, not rights.
This doctrine has been greatly modified until,
through successive efforts of the more ad-
vanced peoples, it has vanished into a brighter
hope and holier faith in humanity.
It is the glory of the American people that
they bad learned the nature, worth, and dig-
nity of the individual, and embodied their
faith in their political institutions. Here the
individual is the prince and is endowed with
rights from his Creator. In forming his insti-
tutions he created an agent and clothed it with
certain specified and limited privileges. To
that agent he gave a power of attorney which
he called a Constitution. Beyond the. clear
and expressed meaningof its terms that agency
has no power to go. Absolute compliance
within the spirit and letter of the document is
demanded. This agency was created to guard
his rights and to execute his will.
The term sovereignty does not apply to our
institutions in the sense of the writers on pub-
lic law, and as derived from old and different
institutions which typify a different order of
thought and an antagonistic civilization. The
authority of the Government is a divided one.
The local State governments are more imme-
diately charged with local and sectional inter-
ests, general and personal, so far as that limited
territory is concerned. To it there is due full
and ample allegiance within the sphere of its
action and in the discharge of its admitted
au thoritiesand privileges, which aresubordinate
to and within the limits of the rightful author-
ities of the Federal Government. The citizen
owes a double allegiance or obligation, not in
conflict but in strict harmony with each other.
/ This allegiance is based upon the unchangeable
1 condition of protection and compliance with
the delegated authority of the State and na-
tional Governments. The failure to fulfill the
condition relieves the citizen from any culpa-
bility for yielding to a power he could not resist
when deserted by his own admitted Govern-
ment, and for yielding a certain allegiance to
the usurper. Such conduct on the part, of the
citizen, under such circumstances does not im-
pair his allegiance to his own Government, and
when it resumes again its authority it must re-
spect the rights and conduct of its citizens. It
could not fail to regard hiin as having acted
within the line of duty, provided always that
he acted in good faith to his own Government
and complied only from force. Such conduct
must entitle him to the full measure of his
rights as a citizen.
As the people who formed the Government
gave it no authority to divest a citizen of his
personal rights and guarantees without a fair
trial for an admitted and legal crime, it could
by no means seize and appropriate his property
unless upon the condition set forth in its power
of attorney; and that is, no " private property
shall be taken for public use without just com-
pensation." The Government may seize the
property and use it. It has that privilege con-
ceded ; but the condition to its taking is im-
perative—it must pay for it. Taking property
by the Government is only relieved from high-
way robbery by a strict and generous com-
pliance, with the constitutional condition under
which it may be taken.
Society has authorized the Government to
seize and confiscate the property of a traitor
or an enemy. Even this must be condemned
according to law. It cannot be taken at the
beck of a military chief under the wretched
pretext that war sanctifies all villainy and crime;
much less can it tolerate outrages against loyal
and unprotected citizens.
There never prowled over land a banditgang
or roamed over the ocean a pirate crew that
had not a better pretext for their rapine than
the miserable doctrine of public enemy " that
has been applied to the loyal men and women
of the South, to defraud them of their rights
and to stain their memories for coming, ages.
In every battle for the nation's honor, glory,
and life they have shed their blood freely and
grandly. In this the last great struggle for its
independence and integrity, they have kept their
faith and discharged their duties to the utmost
limit of the letter and spirit. To deny them
justice, because some forgotten publicist under
different ages and a different form of govern-
ment was guided by different ideas and a dif-
ferent religion is the climax of stupidity and
villainy.
Nor can I agree with those who maintain that
the States committed treason, and are therefore
punishable with death. States are but cor-
porations, and have only an ideal being, and
can do nothing that partakes of the character
of crime. It is only a human being that can
do right or perpetrate crime. Eight and wrong
are only predicable of the actual person, not
the figurative. The Union will, I trust, be
perpetual in all its elements. From it no one
can fall for an instant without destruction of
the whole. It is the citizen alone in his per-
sonal responsibility that must stand or fall by
his cooduct. The State is but the expression
of the citizens' will in its action. To admit for a
moment the power of the State to remove itself
or its citizens from their rightful relations to
the Union is to proclaim the dissolution of the
Government. No more can a member of the
Union be severed from its place and live, or be
restored, than can a limb be severed from the
body and not perish.
I deprecate a recurrence to the memories
of this fearful struggle. The glowing descrip-
tion of the Senator from New Jersey of the
ravages in the valley ol Virginia reminded me
of Mr. Burke's terrible description of Hyder
All's march through the Carnatic. It was but
little less thorough, and equally opposed to the
more enlightened laws of modern warfare.
Nothing but unrelenting savage war, maddened
by the fury of battle and terrible provocation,
can redeem them from "the disapproval of a
Christian conscience. It was the sad neces-
sity of the time that induced that course.
From such scenes lessons of wisdom may be
learned, but-they tell us to avoid the causes that
tend to inflame the passions and turn loose
the furies. They alone are to be dreaded and
shunned. They furnish no examples for our
imitation. These divinities should be banished
as they were by the Romans from the presence
of men, and have their abode among the gods
of the regions below.
Nor can I envy the sensibilities of the man
who derives his rules of justice from the mer-
ciless scenes of flagrant, vindictive civil war.
Rather learn to treat every section of our com-
mon country from the examples furnished by
the triumphs of peace. Happily, passion is of
short duration. No nation or individual can
afford to indulge its rage. It is the benign
reign of forgiveness and sympathy that lasts
long and grows more beautiful and useful with
its increasing years. The people will again
learn to forgive and love each other as in the
past, all proud of their country and their race.
From this great national drama that has
covered the whole land with blood and heaped
mountains of debt upon coming generations
may we not hope for an adjustment that shall
reconcile every section of this vast and bounti-
ful land to the generous and peaceful rule of
the Republic? With the overthrow of the only
discordant element, human slavery, a recon-
ciliation of all the people upon common prin-
ciples of mutual love, equal justice, and a gen-
erous forbearance will more than compensate
for the sublime sacrifices made by both sections.
Since peace has returned partisan and sec-
tional prejudice, nurtured under the unhappy
auspices of an institution based upon cupidity,
pride, and violence, should give place to an
enlarged statesmanship that will prove that uni-
versal personal liberty is the safeguard of the
nation's perpetuity. Let justice and faith have
their temples founded in every section and
their worship cultivated by every citizen, irre-
spective of State lines or political associations.
Under their benign rule the public faith will
be strengthened as the prosperity of the nation
is advanced.
State Passenger Taxes.
SPEECH OF HON. 0 P. MORTON,
of indiana,
In the United States Senate,
January 21, 1869.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(S. No. 798) to punish the collection of illegal taxes
upon passengers—
Mr. MORTON said :
Mr. President : In order that the character
of this bill may be understood, I will begin by
referring to the statutes of two States. I will
first reter to the law of Maryland, passed in
1832, by which a tax is levied upon passengers
between the cities of Baltimore and Wash-
ington.
By the eighth section of that act it is pro-
vided that "one fifth of the whole amount
which may be received for the transportation
of passengers on said railroad by said company
during the six months last preceding shall be
reserved and paid to the treasurer" of the
Slate of Maryland. It is then provided—
"That the charge for conveying each person the
whole distuneo between the citics of Baltimore and
Washington shall not be reduced below the maxi-
mum o150 hereinbefore established, unless by the
consent of the General Assembly."
It is then provided further:
' That in no ease slia.ll the amount received by the
State from the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany, torthe conveyance of eacli person the whole
distance between the twoeities, be less than twenty-
five cents."
The substance of this statute is, first, fixing
the rate of' passage at $2 50 between the two
cities, and providing that one fifth of the pas-
sage money shall be paid to the State of Mary-
land. It then provides that the Legislature
may reduce the fare, but that in no case shall
there be paid to the State of Maryland less than
twenty-five cents for each passenger carried.
Afterward, in 1844; there was an amendatory
act passed by which the company was author-
ized to reduce the rate of fare to $1 50 to each
passenger ; " provided always,'' says the act in
conclusion, "that, one fifth of all such passage
money so received be accounted for and paid
into the State treasury, as now required by
law."
The second section provides for a reduction
of fare where there are a certain number of
passengers to be carried from one city to the
other, and to be returned within three days,
in which event the rate of fare is to be re-
duced, which would be an anomaly now in
railroad fares ; but the section concludes :
Provided always. That one fifth of all such pas-
sage money so received bo accounted for and paid
into the State treasury as aforesaid."
The provision that 1 first read is in substance
that fifty cents shall be paid to the State of
Maryland by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company for every passenger carried between
these two cities. The amendatory act author-
izes the fare to be reduced to §1 50, aud pro-
vides that one fifth of that amount shall be
paid to the State of Maryland, which is in
effect a provision that the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company shall pay to the State of
Maryland thirty cents for eacli passenger car-
