1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the rules were suspended, and the bill was
taken up.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill, as amended, was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it "was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motiou to
reconsider be laid on the tables
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINKSS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and take up the
naval appropriation bill; and pending that
motion I yield, according to promise, to the
gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Ela.]
Mr. POMEROY. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
withdraw the motion.
WULLS, FARGO AND COMPANY.
Mr. BLA. I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose of offering the fol lowing resolution:
Jiesolved, That a special committoc of five be ap-
pointed to investigate all matters connected with the
contracts of Wells, Fargo & Co. for carrying the over-
land mails, and also the manner in which the mail
service has been performed, and whether any mail
sei vice has been increased which was not warranted,
and if so to what extent; and whether any inom-y
has been paid to contractors without certificate of
service performed, and if so to whom and by whose
order and to what extent; with powrr to send for
persons and papers, and to employ a clerk and sten-
ographer, and report at any time.
And be it further resolved, That tho proper officers
of tho Treasury Department bo requested to,make
no payment to said Wells, Fargo & Co. on their said
contract till the matters connected therewith shall
be fully investigated.
Mr. POMEROY. Allow me one moment.
To part of the resolution there is no objection ;
that is. so far as the investigation is concerned.
But as regards stopping the payment of moneys
under the Government contract, it would be
very extraordinary, it seems to me, to order it
to be done without any discussion of the merits
of the question.
Mr. WASHBORNE, of Illinois. There is
no contract which has been performed.
Mr. POMEROY. There has been a con-
tract performed, and more service performed
than the moneys due to-day will cover. The
company is at a loss to-day for the Govern-
ment moneys due under the contract, as can
be shown to the satisfaction of this House in
a debate on the subject. So far as the invest-
igation of the contract is concerned, I wish to
have it done ; but I do not want, under cover
of that proposition, to deprive the company
of moneys legally earned' and at a Idss to them
in doing this- very service. If the resolution
may be divided I have no objection to inter-
pose. .*• A
The SPEAKER. It cannot be divided\p<ier
the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
House will adopt the resolution and suspend
the payment. It will take only thirty days,
any how.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire myself to
have the contract investigated, though I see
there has been some innuendoes sent out that I
oppose the investigation. I tried to get the
floor this morning for the purpose of offering
a resolution for the appointment of a special
committee, intending to say that I did not wish
to be appointed on that committee.
Mr. SOOF1ELD. Is this debatable?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I object.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New Hampshire move to suspend the rules
simply to introduce the resolution, or for the
purpose of agreeiug to it as well?
Mr. ELA. For the purpose of agreeing to it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask if
any member or Delegate interested 111 this mail
service desires this to be done ?' So far as 1
know there is none.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays on suspending the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BLA. I will modify the resolution by
striking out the last clause, "till the matters
connected herewithshall be fully investigated,"
and substituting therefor the words ''during
the next thirty days."
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 88, nays 55, not voting 78 ; as follows:
YEAS—Mossrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell, Delos
1!. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Beaman, Beatty, Ben-
jamin, Bingham, Blair, Boles, Boutwell, Bo wen,
Boyden, Bucklnnd, Burr, Roderick It. Butler, Gallic,
Churchill, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Cook, Oorley, Cornell,Culiom. Dawes, Delano, Dixon,
Doekery. Ela, Fields, French, Get?., Moss, Gravely,
Halsey, Hawkins, Heatoft, Chester D.Hubbard, IIul-
burd, llunter, Alexander II. Jones, Jiidd, Julian,
KeUe.v.Kelsoy, Kitchen, Loushridec, McCarthy, Mil-
ler, Moore, Mooilioad, Mullins, Nowcomb, P.line,
Perham,Pierce. Pike, Plants. Polsley, Prieo, Prineo,
Sawyer, Seofield, Shanks, Shollabarger, Spalding,
Stover, Syphor. Taffe, Thomas, Tift, John Trimble,
Trowbridge, Up^on, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump,
Vidal, Ward, Elihu B. Wasliburne. Henry D. Wash-
burn, Wei Iter, Whittcmore, William Williams, Win-
dom, and Woodward—SS.
NAYS—Messrs. Axtell, Banks, Barnum, Beck,
C.iry, Chanler, 01 ift, Eldridge, Eliot, 1'arnsworth,
Eerriss, Fox, Glossbrotmqr, Golladay, Griswold,
Grover, ILxiglit, Hardinjr. Hifsby, Ilotchkiss. Humph-
rey, Ingersoll, johnson, Thomas 1. Jones, Ketcham,
Knott, Lincoln, Mallory, Marvin, Maynard, McCul-
lough, McKee, Mercur. Moirell, Mungen, Niblack,
Nicholson, Norris, O'Neill, Peters, Poland. Ponieroy,
Robertson, llobinson. Roots, Stewart, Stokes, T.ibcr,
Lawrc.uco S. Trimble, '1'wichell. Van Acrnam,
Van Aukcn, Stephen F. Wilson, Woodbridge, and
Young—55.
NUT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Jamo? M.Ashlev, Bailey, Barnes, Benton, Blackburn,
Blame, Buyer. Biomwell, Brooks, Broomall,Buckley,
Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Coburn, Covode.Deweeso,
Dickey, Dodge, Donnelly, Pnggs, Eckley, Edwards,
Eggleston, Ferry,Garfield,Gove, Hamilton, Hauirhey,
Hill, Molm.in, Hooper. Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard,
RicliardD.XIubbard, Jonckcs, Kellogg, Korr.Koontz,
Ball in. Lash, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
renco. Loan, Logan. Lynch, Marshall, McCormick,
}Iornssi*y, Myers, Nowsham, Nunn, Orth, Pettis,
Phelps, Pile, Pruyn, Randall. Raum, ltoss, Selienck,
Selye, Sitgieaves, Smith, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stone. Taylor, Robert T. Van Horn. Van Wyck,
Cadwalader C. Washburn. William B. Washburn,
Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
and Wood—78.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. Boutwell obtained the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Task tho gentleman
from Massachusetts to give way to me to offer
a resolution for the appointment of acommictee
to investigate this matter, withoutthe otherpart
of the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What will
be the use of investigating when the money is
taken ?
• Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is not investiga-
tion the gentleman wants ; that is the trouble.
It is investigation we want. We want facts.
My colleague does not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand what kind of an investigation my col-
league wants.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I want facts, not
hearsay; I want affidavits, not innuendoes.
SUFFRAGE.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I must decline to yield.
I desire for a moment to get the attention of
the House to a report from the J udiciary Com-
mittee of a joint resolution proposingan amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
and also a bill as a substitute for House bill
1463, which was referred to the committee, enti-
tled "An act to secure equal privileges and im-
munities to citizens of the United States,' ' &c.,
relating to the subject of suffrage. I wish to
have them accepted this morning, ordered to
be printed, and recommitted to the committee,
on which motion I propose to enter a motion
to reconsider, with the understanding that tho
motion to reconsider will not be taken up under
a week or ten days. The gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Eldridge,] who is a member of
the Judiciary Committee, and represents the
minority of the House, is content with this
arrangement. I do not know whether he is
now in his seat or wot"; bat it is satisfactory to
him, and I hope will be to all the members of
the House, ' 1 • ; '
The SPEAKER. Is there-objection?
Mr. BECK. I object. • ■ ■ ' • '
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to suspend the
rules. I thiuk the gentleman from Kentucky-
will withdraw his objection if he understands
that our purpose is not to take up fhese n^afe*
ters under a weak or ten days, and we then
propose to ■ give reasonable opportunity foi
debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE,,of Illinois. I desire,
in the first place, to inquire of the gentleman
from Massachusetts if this business is to go
outsid« the morning hoar?
Mr, BOUTWELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I shall
object unless it is confined to the morning
hour.
Mr. ELIOT. I hope the morning hour will
be kept for reports of committees.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This is a
report from a committee.
Mr. ELIOT. It ought not to come np out
of its order. We shall not be able to go through
the call of committees this session, and I hope
the House will insist upon it that the morning
hour shall be preserved for that business. ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
House that without the morning hour shall be
preserved the committees, in all probability,
cannot be called through this session.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I think there will be
sufficient time for the consideration of this
matter outside of the morning honr.
Mr. ELIOT. Very well; let that be the
understanding before we vote.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to that, because we need all th^ tinje outside
of the morning hour for the consideration of
public business, the appropriation bills.
Mr. GARFIELD. I must object to the
proposition of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Boutwell] if it is to take the
morning hour. I think his measures are as
legitimately public business as appropriation
bills or any other bills.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I make the motion to
suspend the rules, with the understanding that
I shall call up the motion to reconsider out-
side of the morning hour, having due regard
to the condition of the public business, as I
have no desire to interfere with the appropri-
ation bills. There certainly will be time out-
side of the morning hour between now and
the 4th of March next to consider the measures
to which I refer.
The SPEAKER. As the Chair understands
the motion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. BoOtwkliJ it is to suspend the rules
to enable him to repoit the joint resolution and
bill to which he has referred, to have them
printed and recommitted, and to enable him to
enter a motion to reconsider the recommit-
ment, which motion to reconsider shall not be
laid on the table.
Mr. BECK. After an explanation made to
me by the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Ei.DRIDGe] 1 withdraw my objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Boutwell.]
No further objection was made.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now report from the
Committee on the Judiciary joiut resolution
(II. R. No. 863) proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States and a bill
(H. R. No. 1403)'declaring who may vote for
electors for President and Vice President and
for Representatives in Congress, with substi-
tutes for the same, which I move be printed
and recommitted to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman that it would probably sim-
plify the action of the House to have the
substitutes reported as original measures.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I accept the suggestion
of the Chair, and report from the Committee
on the Judiciary the joint resolution to winch
I have referred.
