1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
That is a navy-yard which by its location and
its capabilities can be made the great navy-
yard of the country; and, sir, it should be
made the first navy-yard of the country if we
are to have a great na-vy-yard at all. Fifty
thousand dollars more or less, therefore, is uot
of the slightest consequence.
As the gentleman from Illinois has said, the
Navy Department recommended a liberal sum
for the purpose of having a navy-yard worthy
of a great naval Power. We also have one at
Philadelphia, where, after a long contest, we
have fixed on League Island as the proper
place to which to transfer the Philadelphia
navy-yard, and build up a navy-yard worthy of
the United States. It seems to me to be good
economy on. the part of the Government to
make a liberal expenditure of the public money
both at Brooklyn and League Island. The
Committee on Appropriations, however, think
otherwise. That committee is opposed to
making the appropriations which the Navy
Department deems necessary. It may be right
that it is not worth our while under the present
circumstances to make an appropriation for
this purpose. If the committee take this ground
then I hope it will go further, and make no
appropriation for the Army; for certainly, sir,
if we have no need of a navy there is less need
of our having an army. It seems to me that
it would be absurd that we, as a naval Power,
which we profess to be, should cut down our
Navy and still maintain a large standing army,
when our Navy maintains our power all over
the world, while our standing Army is simply
for the purpose of regulating our internal con-
cerns. If we are to cut down one, then, in
order to carry out the doctrine symbolized by
the expression of "let us have peace," let us
have neither Army nor Navy. On this assump-
tion, therefore, I hope the amendment of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Robinson]
will not prevail; for if we are to make no future
provision for the Navy of the United States
we should, for the same reason, make no pro-
vision for the future for the Army of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let me call the attention
of gentlemen to some items in the published
estimates which, I confess, I do not fully under-
stand. On page 121 the Secretary of the Navy
reports that there is a balance of appropriation
standing to the credit of the navy-yard at New
York of $816,501 20. On page 260 the esti-
mate'for the same navy-yard for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1870, which is the next fiscal
year, is $251,395. It does not appear how this
balance of nearly a million dollars is to be
disposed of.
Mr. PIKE. That will lapse back into the
Treasury at the expiration of the present fiscal
year, under the action taken by Congress in the
last Navy appropriation bill. The Secretary
of the Navy has made his estimates in accord-
ance with the view of the House at the last
session, that there shall be no further balances
of appropriations after the expiration of a fiscal
year standing to the credit of the Navy De-
partment.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Chairman, I am glad
to hear from the chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs on this question of experi-
mental philosophy, so far as the Navy of the
United States is concerned. I am sorry, how-
ever, that he has become so affected with the
spirit of despair that while he believes our
Navy needs certain sums of money to carry it
on he still allows the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to capture all our
navy-yards without any thing like a fight in their
behalf. He seems to give up thequestion, and
to take the ground that if he cannot get all the
money which may be needed he will take none.
Now, the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations says that notwithstanding the
Navy Department, which by law is authorized
to take cognizance of all matters relating to
our Navy, has declared that certain sums of
money are necessary to carry it on, the Navy
can do without them. He proposes to take
charge of the Government himself, and to as-
sume the responsibility of settling questions
with foreign Governments. He assumes to
take upou himself the responsibility of saying
how a great naval Power should be supplied
in accordance with the customs of civilized
nations. In other words, the eliairnjan of the
Committee on Appropriations assumes the au-
thority properly belonging to ono of the Exec-
utive Departments of the Government, by ap-
pealing to this House to check the action of
the Secretary of the Navy in reference to one
of the reoognized channels through, which the
Government communicates with the remotest
corners of the earth. There must be some
motive lor this. I believe that it is an excel-
lent motive, and as it has often been alluded
to on this floor that the excellent chairmaiPof
the Committee on Appropriations is in inti-
mate connection with the Commander-in-Chief
of the Army and the President-elect, this must
mean peace. It must mean peace at any price,
peace at the cost of the Navy, peace at the
cost of the character and dignity of the Gov-
ernment.
The questions which are involved in this
meager appropriation for your Navy underlie
all the appropriations by this Congress with
regard'to our foreign relations; that is, our
diplomatic relations with commercial Powers.
You cannot cut down your Navy at home and
maintain it well abroad ; that is, at all suitable
to the dignity aud character of a first-rate com-
mercial Power. If we cut our Navy down in
the manner proposed we cannot be expected
to enter into competition with France, Great
Britain, Russia, or even Turkey. We cannot
demand the passage of the Hellespont or ac-
complish any other object which we may have
in view if we deprive our navy-yards of the
appropriations which are needed for the repair
of vessels which we now have in our service,
nor can we "build there the ships which the
public service may require.
These navy-yards represent the invested
capital of the people in their naval power.
The machine-shops of a great naval Power are
of the first importance, not only for the pur-
pose of keeping in repair the vessels which are
in commission, but also for the purpose of
launching, when needed, first-class ships in
the shortest time possible. The naval Powers
of the world with whom we have to compete
have under their control unlimited resources
for building vessels of war within the shortest
time, and in maintaining the position which
we hold among the great nations of the earth
our navy-yards should not be behind any others
in capacity and efficiency.
The reduction of our Navy as is proposed
may be an economy for the moment. It en-
ables the industrious chairman ot' thelCom-
mittee on Appropriations to add, in a note to
this bill, tliat he has reduced the expenses of
the Government some two millions aud more
of dollars. But, sir, it is not wise economy.
Whatever momentary gratification he may be
able to secure from this short-sighted policy
he is welcome to it. It may, too, be some
satisfaction to this House in its last moments
to believe that it has lessened the expenses
of the Government, so far as our Navy is
concerned, some two and a half million dol-
lars. Still, sir, this Government has its duty
to perform. It has obligations to maintain,
and they cannot be maintained without ex-
pense, the labors of the Committee ©^Appro-
priations to the contrary notwithstanding.
I admit that the policy here pursued may
be in the interest of certain Government con-
tractors, in the interest of men who will take
from the Government work which would he
better and more cheaply done^ at our own
navy-yards. I believe that it is not to the
interest of economy. I think vessels built for
this Government by private enterprise could
have been built cheaper at our navy-yards.
Mr. SPALDING. Are we under the five-
minutes rule?
The CHAIRMAN. We will not be under
the five-minutes rule until the expiration of
; the half hour allowed tor general debate.
Mr. CHANLER. . What I "wish is. to draw
the attention ,of the House, particularly to. the
matter which is now before us. .In my opinion
it would be cheaper for this Government to
keep up its navy-yards and to provide for the
construction by the Government itself of itg
own vessels of war. We should have oar pwn
machine-shops as a school for ,the education
of first-class mechanics, so as to; W prepared
at any moment to supply effici^vitlytne -needs
of the Government. We should employ the
first mechanical genius of the country mtlie8e
shops, so as to build in the best way and at
the cheapest rates the great vessels of war
which we must build at some time or other.
New experiments must bo tried, as new systems
of naval warfare are daily being introduced,
and will continue to be introduced. Notwith-
standing we were the first to try iron-clad ves-
sels, yet we are to-day retrograding so far as
their construction is concerned. We.are not,
as we should be, engaged in a scientific devel-
opment of naval architecture. In other words,
Mr. Chairman, this false spirit of economy is
depriving the United States of one of the grand
means of protecting itself—a mean3 whioh
every other Government in the world is to-day
moat sedulously seeking. T wish, sir, to enter
my solemn protest against that spirit of econ-
omy which seems to actuate gentlemen here aj
a false spirit of economy in cutting down ap-
propriations iti defiance of the interests of the
nation, and in direct opposition to the recom-
mendation of those who know better what
appropriations are needed in reference to the
Navy than the Committee on Appropriations—
I mean, of course, the Navy Department, which
is one of the executive branches of the Gov-
ernment. ;
Mr. ROBINSON. How naany minutes re-
main for general debate ?
The CHAIRMAN. Ten minutes.
Mr. ROBINSON. I intend to make a few
remarks, and then to withdraw my amendment,
in order to make it $250,000, which I under-
stand to be the amouut of the estimate.^ I
think that the Navy Department, in making
this estimate for $250,000 for the navy-yard in
Brooklyn, has exercised all the economy pos-
sible on the occasion. I do not believe that it
should be cut down in this way by the com-
mittee. I should like to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations how much
was estimated for the navy-yard at Boston-?
We can then compare the amount with the
amount here appropriated.
Mr. WASHBUltNE, of Illinois. One hun-
dred and thirty-eight thousand dollars.
Mr. RO.B1NSON. The committee cut-down
the estimate for the Boston navy-yard $30,000,
while they cut down the estimate for the navy-
yard at Brooklyn $150,000. I do not wish to
go into a comparison of one navy-yard with
another, but I think it will not be denied that
the Brooklyn navy-yard is the most important
in the country, requiring more money in every
department of its expenses than any other.
And I mean no disrespect to any gentleman of
the committee when I say that it is a small
thing to cut down the Brooklyn navy-yard in
this way, when only small reductions are made
in the other navy-yards.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If my
friend from New York will look upon page 121
of the estimates, which I presume he has be-
fore him, he will see that the Secretary of the
Navy reports that he has a balance of appro-
priations on hand of over eight hundred and
sixteen thousand dollars. I will state what is
known to every gentleman, that during the war
we made immense appropriations for these
navy-yards, and on the 1st of July, 1868, there
were $816,000 standing to the credit of the
New York navy-yard unexpended, and $87,000
standing to the credit of the Boston navy-yard.
The Committee on Appropriations did not
think it necessary, with these large balances
standing to the credit of the navjf-yards, to
make large additional appropriations , when
they did not seem to be required.
Mr. PIKE. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
