1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
Spalding. Stokes, Stone, Stover, Sypher, Tabor,Taffe,
laylor, Thoruas, ^ fif't, Jo bo Trimble, Lawrence 8.
arimMc, Trowbridge. Up.>on, Van Aernam. Van
Auken, Van Tiump, Van Wyck, Vidal, Ward,€ad-
waiader C. Wu^hbupn, Eiihu B. Washburae, Henry
D. Washburn, William B. Washburn. Welker, Whit-
teuiorc, ThomasWilliams, William Williams, James
I . Wilson. John '£. Wilson, Stephen 1<\ Wilson,
Windom, Wood, and Woodbridge.
So the committee then rose ; and Mr. Blaixe
Slaving taken the chair as Speaker_pro tempore,
Mr. Scofield reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had, ac-
cording to order, bad under consideration the
bill (II. JR. No. 1060) to reduce into one act
sind to amend the laws relating to internal
Kixes, and having found itself without a quo-
rum had caused the roll to be called and had
directed the names of the absentees to be
reported to the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose it is useless to
struggle against this state of things now. The
Journal will disclose who are the absentees.
That will, at least, go on record. I wish, before
moving to adjourn, to state that there remains
nothing now except a few formal amendments
to be offered to that part in relation to to-
bacco, and the consideration of the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
IIolmam] in regard to taxing Government
fconds, together with some few other amend-
ments reserved. There is but one amendment
of any particular consequence in reference to
tobacco which the committee recommend, and
that appears to be in accordance with the gen-
eral desire of the tobacco trade, or those of
them who hav« expressed their views on the
subject; it is in regard to issuing free stamps.
I think we can get through with the bill to-raor-
iow evening. I now move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to-; and thereupon
-(at ten o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, ktc.
The foil-owing petitions, &c., were presented
«nder the rule, and referred to the appropriate
c A m 11 f a ac •
By the SPEAKER: The petition of T. D.
Dalton, of West Point, Mississippi, for the
removal of his political disabilities.
by Mr. BENJAMIN : The petition of David
Wukolee, of Galveston, Texas, for the removal
of Ins political disabilites.
By Mr. B1N* GUAM : The memorial of Rev.
P. Ogan and Rev. D. Blackburn and 1,000
'Other Christians, praying an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States acknowl-
edging the power and authority of Almighty
God, of Jesus Christ and of His revealed will,
as chief among nations in forming a Christian
Government.
By Mr. BUCKLAND : The petition of Nich-
olas James, James Robinson, and 260 others,
citizens of Crawford county, Ohio, for an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States acknowledging Almighty God as the
.soivce of all authority and power in civil gov-
ernment, the Lord Jusus Christ as the Rnler
among the nations, and His revealed will as of
supreme authority in order to constitute a
Christian Government.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of M. B. Hewson, for the establish-
ment of -an Atlantic mail express, so that the
mails may not wait upon the interests of heavy
carriers.
Also, tfce petition of Amaziah Goodwin, for
increase of pension.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio: The petition of
Henry H. Storer and others, of Berryville,
Highland county, Ohio, praying for an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
recognizing Almighty God as the source of all
authority and power in civil government.
By Mr. GARFIELD: A petition of citizens
of Cleveland, Ohio, for the extension of piers
at Ashtabula harbor.
Also, a petition of citizens of Ohio, for such
an amendment to the Constitution as will rec-
ognize God and Jesus Christ.
By Mr. HAUGIiEY: A petition for the
relief of Job Bagley, a citizen of Alabama.
By Mr. JEN CKES: The petition of Paulina
W. Davis and more than 700 others, citizens
of Rhode Island, for equ d suffrage.
By Mr. JULIAN; A petition of 214 citi-
zens of Illinois, praying that in any amend-
ment of the Constitution extending or regulat-
ing the right of suffrage no discrimination shall
be allowed as between men and women.
Also, a petition of 176 citizens of Vermont,
praying the same.
By Mr. KiiLLEY: Petitions of citizens
of Philadelphia, praying Congress to propose
an amendment to the Constitution by insert-
ing therein distinct acknowledgment of the
Almighty God. his Son as the Ruler among
nations, and His revealed will as of supreme
authority.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of James
Bond, of Mobile, Alabama, for the removal
of his political disabilities under the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution.
By Mr. KELSEY: The petition of James
Parmely and 43 others, inhabitants of South
Bristol, in the State of New Yoik, asking that
a regular post route be extended from Bristol
Centre to the post office at South Bristol, New
York.
Also, the petition of Rev. S. Bouden and 70
others, inhabitants of York, Livingston county,
New York, and of William Ramsey, and 40
others, inhabitants of Greigsville, New York ;
and of Andrew Morrow and 41 others, inhabit-
ants of Livingston and Wyoming counties,
New York, asking Congress to adopt measures
for ameudmg the Constitution of the United
States so that it shall acknowledge Almighty
God as the source of all authority and power
in civil government and the Lord Jesus Christ
as the liuler among the nations.
By Mr. LYNCH : The petition of J. G. Cou-
sens and others, for an American register to
schooner Venilia.
Also, the petition of Barshebe Fisher, for a
pension.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania:
Three petitions from citizens of Lawrence and
Washington, asking for a more full recognition
of Almighty God in the Constitution of the
United States.
By Mr. McCARTHY : A petition of 1,600
men and women of Syracuse, New York, that
in any change of the Constitution proposed by
Congress to extend or regulate suffrage there
shall be no distinction between men and
women.
By Mr. POLAND: The petition of Josiah
Divoll and 3'23 others, citizens of Vermont,
praying Congress to propose an amendment
to the Constitution so that God may be recog-
nized as the proper source of all human gov-
ernment, and Ills law as authoritative among
men.
By Mr. ROSS: A petition of the Board of
Trade of Chicago, praying that all Govern-
ment sales of gold and bonds may be public
and open to public competition.
By Mr. SAWYER: A petition for the relief
of John P. Hendricks, a Stoc-kbridge Indian.
By Mr. S'l'OKES: A petition asking for the
relief of Messrs. Devvhitt, Murry, and Cox
from political disabilities.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of John
P. Brown, praying for an increase of his salary
as secretary and dragoman to the American
legation near the Government of the Ottoman
empire.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of Peter
Barnes and 266 others, citizens of Wayne
county, Ohio, asking an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States acknowledg-
ing God as the source of all authority and
power in civil Governments.
Also, the petition of J. W. Thompson and
40 others, citizens of Lorain county, Ohio, on
the same subject.
By Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. A pe-
tition of several citizens of the United States,
praying for an act to facilitate the settlement
of the territory of Alaska.
IN -SENATE.
Tuesday, February 16, 18
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D. '
On motion of Mr. HOWE, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with. ; ;
green bay and lake vepin railroad.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Petitions
and memorials are in order. -,1
Mr. HOWE. I have no petitions or me-
morials to present, bat I wish -the Senate
would give me five minutes now of the time
that I have saved from the readirig of the Jour-
nal to pass a bill interesting to'our State. I
think it can be done in just about five minutes.
It is Senate bill No. 405, granting lands to the
State of Wisconsin to aid in the construction
of the Green Bay and Lake Pepifi railway.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin asks the unanimous coil-
sent of the Senate to consider the bill men-
tioned by him at this time. Does any Senator
object?
No objection being made, the Senate as in
Committee of the Whofe, proceeded to con-
sider the bill for the purpose of aiding the
Green Bay and Lake Pepin Railway Company
in the construction of a railroad from a point
on Fox river, at or near the city of Green Bay,
Wisconsin, running in a westerly direction to
a point on the Mississippi river, opposite the
city of Wabasha, Minnesota, as the directors
may determine. The bill proposes to gr&nt tb
the State of Wisconsin every alternate section
of public lands designated by odd numbers for
ten sections in width on each side of the
road.
Mr. HOWE. There is a blank in section four
which should be filled by inserting " three."
The PRE51DENTpro tempore. That aroend-
ment will be made if there be no objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like
to hear from sombody what the character of
this bill is.
Mr. HOWE. It is a bill which grants to
the State of Wisconsin one half of about one
hundred and ten thousand acres of lands, which
are refuse lands which remain unsold on the
line of a road located between the mouth of
the Fox river and the Mississippi river. Ali
the lands that were good for anything for set-
tlement have already been purchased. This
road is located, and they are trying to build it.
The Commissioner says there are one hundred
and ten thousand acres in this belt, and thi3
bill proposes to grant to the State one half of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Were these
lands reserved for double price?
Mr. HOWE. Oh, no; they are lands left
out by the purchasers. The purchasers have
not thought worth while to take thesn at $1 25
an acre.
Mr. RAMSEY. The land has never been
entered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. How long
has it been advertised for sale?
Mr. HOWE. Ever since I was a young
roan—a good many years ago.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
know anything at ali about the case.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
denver pacific railway.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 871.
Mr. SHERMAN, Let ns have .a little while
for the morning business first.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us make reports.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not think there will
be the slightest opposition to this bill at pres-
ent. It is the one that I called up a few day?
ago, and was objected to by the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] for the time. It
is the bill in regard to the Denver road,
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection *0
the bill, and I think it ought to paes;; but I
want to get through the morning business.
