288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
matt from Illinois whether that balance was not
for tire last fiscal year; and whether we are not
aow making an appropriation not for the pres-
ent but for the next fiscal year. When that
balance of $800,0(30 was taken into the ac-
count in making the appropriation it was for
the present or eurrent. fiscal year; consequently
it has no place in this discussion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As a mat-
ter of course it has a place in the discussion,
because there is $160,000 to expend this year,
and it is sufficient to put the navy-yard in such
condition that only $100,000 will be demanded
at the close of the year.
Mr. PIKE'; Bat it does not appear that it
is all expended now.
Mr. ROBINSON. It shows that at the
Brooklyn navy yard they take good care of
the public money, and save as much as possi-
ble for future operations.
One word about another provision of the
bill. Section three provides that hereafter
the Marine corps shall consist of one colonel,
one lieutenant colonel, &c., making a redac-
tion. I trust when we come to that part of
the bill the section will be stricken out. I
think it disgraceful to so reduce the number
of these officers. The Marine corps is already
too small for the country's defense—smaller
in proportion than it is in any other civilized
nation. One of that corps is a man who per-
formed wonders in-New Orleans. He went
there when the rebellion was raging, took
down a rebel flag, and hoisted the American
colors.
A Member. Was it not General Butler who
did that?
Mr. ROBINSON. No, sir; it was not Gen-
eral Butler ; it was Colonel Broome, of the
Marine corps, in my district. _ He went to New
Orleans four days before General Butler did,
took down a rebel flag, and hoisted the stars
and stripes. Ho fought through the whole war
under Farragut, whose good opinion he has
won. Now you propose to make him stand at
the same box with the rest of the boys, and
draw out a lot as to whether, after all his glo-
rious service, ho shall be allowed to continue
in that arm of the service, which he has rendered
so illustrious during the whole of the war. I
say it would be disgraceful, and I hope tliatt.be
section will be entirely stricken out. Death
will come to that arm of our defense if you
declare that it is already too large and attempt
to reduce it. It would be disgraceful to the
country and to morality to order a lottery for
the purpose of seeing who of these brave offi-
cers shall be stricken from this arm of our
national defense, and I trust it will notbe done.
And now as the time allowed for general de-
bate has about expired, 1 move to strike out
$100,000 for the navy-yard at No w York and
insert in lieu thereof $250,000.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Navy-yard at Philadelphia:
For repairs of all kinds, 850,000.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to strike out $50,000
and insert $25,000. I do this because Con-
gress hag already determined to abandon the
Philadelphia navy-yard at the earliest practi-
cable day. It has accepted League Island,
and directed it to be prepared for a naval sta-
tion. The sum of $25,000 will therefore cover
all the necessary repairs at the Philadelphia
yard. If $50,000 is appropriated it will lead
to improvements and extension of buildings
there. The property now in the navy-yard,
although but a small yard, will probably yield
the Government when sold, as applicable to
the new institution, $2,000,000. There was
at the close of the last year a balance of
$151,000 remaining over for the Philadelphia
yard. That balance, I apprehend, as the chair-
man of the committee says, has been expended
by this time, and it has been very improperly
expended in purchasing tools, many of which
are old ones, which the workmen declare they
cannot work with. They say they will not
undertake a job of work if they are to be held
responsible for the loss of time and damage
caused by the destruction of the stock worked
upon. 1 am therefore disposed to cut down
the appropriation to the smallest sum that will
answer for the present purposes of the yard.
There are some things that it is necessary
should be kept in repair. There are docks
that may be removed at very little expense
and put up again. There are other matters
that require to be done, and $25,000 will be
ample for that purpose. The Secretary of the
Navy has asked for an appropriation of f 10,000
for making a survey of League Island and
suggesting a plan for its gradual improvement.
That appropriation, I understand from the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
wiU come properly in the miscellaneous bill.
When it comes up I shall support it, and I
hope during the next Congress to see an order
made for the sale of the Philadelphia yard, and
the application of the fund thus created to the
improvement of the new and enlarged station.
Mr. O'NEILL. I concur to some extent in
what has been said by my colleague [Mr. Iyel-
ley] relative to the appropriation for the Phil-
adelphia navy-yard, but 1 presume the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations and
the committee itself has looked very closely
into the estimates of the Secretary of the Navy
of the expenditures required at that station. I
suppose they know well what is required to be
done there, and I have no doubt they have cut
down the appropriations asked by the Secre-
tary as much as they possibly could under the
circumstances.
Now, sir, I am in favor, as my colleague is,
of making an appropriation to survey the ter-
ritory which has been given by the city of
Philadelphia and accepted by the Government
for a naval station at League Island, and I am
willing to see a large part of this appropria-
tion—say ten or fifteen thousand dollars—
transferred for that purpose, and I hope the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
will permit that to be done, leaving thirty-five
or forty thousand dollars for repairs. I am of
those who believe in keeping the Government
property in repair. I also believe that all
buildings belonging to the Government should
be kept in good order at all times, and not be
permitted to go to destruction for want of
proper appropriations.
While, therefore, I am satisfied that we should
not put up new buildings in the Philadelphia
navy-yard, yet 1 do not wish to see the build-
ings already there neglected. It will take, of
course, several years to carry to completion the
work to be done at League Island after it is
commenced, which I hope will be at an early
day; hence 1 am anxious to see an appropri-
atioir for its survey made at once. I think it
might be putin this bill, although the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations informed
me this morning that it would come more prob-
ably in a miscellaneous appropriation bill. My
idea is that we should now get ready to prepare
the plans of the docks, buildings, and the vari-
ous structures necessary for navai purposes, so
that the real work of constructing what will be
when finished the greatest naval station in the
world should be begun. But I say that, unless
with the concurrence of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations in my suggestion
for the survey, I am not in favor of cutting
down this appropriation if it is not more than
is necessary, and which I understand is to be
applied to repairs of buildings, and not to re-
pairs of vessels.
- Mr. WELKER. I would ask the gentleman
if he will be satisfied with an appropriation of
$25,000 in this bill?
Mr. O'NEILL. I will be satisfied with what
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions will say is absolutely necessary to repair
the present buildings, provided he will let an
appropriation be made in this bill to go on
with the survey of the League Island navy-
yard. I am perfectly willing to take ten or
fifteen thousand dollars from the amount pro-
posed for repairs and with it proceed with the
survey.
Mr. WELKER. I ask the question because 1
the members representing the navy-yard at,
Philadelphia do not agree as to what they want.
Mr. O'NEILL. We do agree entirely as to
the necessity of an early survey, and as to its
great importance to our naval interests. We
can do much better with a smaller appropria-
tion to tht- old yard than we can with delay
in commci cing the work at League Island.
Mr. WELKER. I understand that it is pro-
posed to sell this navy-yard at Philadelphia
next year, and I want to ask these gentlemen
representing Philadelphia whether the navy-
yard will not stay there without any appropria-
tion for another year, and whether we might
not strike out this appropriation entirely?
Mr. O'NEILL. It is not designed to sell
the Philadelphia navy-yard next year. I wish
this House in its liberality would give ua
enough to build the League Island yard, so
that in two or three years we might have it
finished, and the Government then might have
the benefit of the proceeds of the sale of the
territory of the old yard, which would amount
to nearly two million dollars, and cover the
expense of the construction of the new navy-
yard.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the amendment so as to make the
amount $20,000. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania who last spoke [Mr. O'Neill] referred
to the amount which would be satisfactory to
me. Now, I presume I have less to do with
the amount of appropriations than any other
member of the House, because my views do
not correspond with the views of the majority.
In regard to this matter of the appropriation
for the Philadelphia navy-yard, I will say that
there was nothing before the Committee on
Appropriations in relation to this League Island
navy-yard excepting a communication asking
a small amount for the survey. There was
nothing before the committee to indicate that
the Navy Department proposed to go on there
and build a navy-yard. But on the other hand
an appropriation of $73,000 was asked for re-
pairs for the present navy-yard at Philadelphia.
We found upon examination that there was an
unexpended balance of $151,000 heretofore
appropriated. Acting upon the principle we
have acted upon in regard to other navy-yards
we proposed the sum of $50,000. But I am
disposed to yield to the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] and
to agree to his amendment reducing the amount
to $25,000. I withdraw my amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. Does the gentleman accept
the amendment of my colleague, [Mr. O'Neill,]
making the appropriation $85,000, $10,000 to
be applicable to a survey of the yard?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I most
certainly do not, bccause it has no business in
this appropriation bill. It may be a proper
item in the miscellaneous appropriation bill,
though I will not say about that now.
Mr. O'NEILL. I would ask the gentleman
to accept my amendment now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot.
The amendment of Mr. Kelley was then
agreed to.
The Clerk read the following clause:
Navy-yard at Pensacola:
For preservation ot the yard and the neeossary
repairs of all kinds, 130,000.
Mr. ARNELL. I would inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations [Mr.
Washeubne, of Illinois] what amount was
appropriated last year for this navy-yard?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The amount
appropriated last year was $30,000.
The Clerk read the following:
Naval station at Key "West:
For necessary repairs of wharves and buildings,
©2,000.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend the
clause just read by adding the following;
Provided, That paymasters' clerks employed at the
several yards and naval stations may be paid, at the
discretion of the Secretary of the Navy, a sum per
annum not exceeding the average sum paid to all
other clerks employed in said navy-yards and naval
stations respectively.
