im
THE COKGEESSIOKAL GLOBE.
289
jfcr. WASHBORNE^of .Illinois. I ,appeal
to mj friend from Ohio(Hr. SpalDing] not to
compel me to press a point ef order on his
amendment.
Mr. SPALDING, t offer this amendment
at the instance of one of the officials in the
Navy Department, who says that there is great
inequality existing at the several navy-yards
and naval stations -in the payment of these
cletks: the clerks of paymasters receiving only
aboat one thousand dollars a year, while the
clerks of other -bureaus ■ receive -from fifteen
to eighteen hundred dollars a year. The only
"objeet of my amendment is to equalize the pay
of the different clerks.
Mr: WASH'BURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will so modify his amendment as to
equalize the other way, and bring down the
other clerks to the paymasters' clerks, I may
go with him.
Mr. SPALDING. Very well; if that will
satisfy the gentleman I will modify the amend-
ment to accommodate him.
The amendment was modified accordingly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I make
the point of order that the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] contem-
plates additional legislation, and is, therefore,
not in order on this bill; beside, it is not
germane to the part of the bill to which it is
offered.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The following clause was read :
Provided, That all amounts appropriated for the
support of the Naval Asylum at Philadelphia, the
beneficiaries therein, tho pay of officers, repairs,
contingent and other expenses, shall be charged to
and paid from the income of the naval pension fund.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to call the attention
of the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations [Mr. Washburne, of Illinois] to the
clause just read. It provides that the pay of
officers, repairs, contingent and otherexpenses
of the Naval Asylum at Philadelphia, shall be
charged to and paid from the income of the
naval pension fund. 1 understand thatthenaval
pension fund is derived from a certain por-
tion of the prize money of the Navy, which has
been set apart for the purpose of paying out of
its income the pensioners of the Navy Depart-
ment. If I have not been misinformed, the
rate of interest allowed upon that fund has been
reduced to three per cent, per annum. It is
proposed by this proviso to divert the income
of that fund from the chafinel now fixed by law,
and by this independent legislation to use it for
purposes not now known to the law, and in
fact contrary to its terms.
Mr. MAYNAIiD. Why not raise the point
of order upon this proviso that it is independ-
ent legislation, and therefore not in order in
this appropriation bill?
Mr. STEVENS. 1 raise the point of order
upon this proviso.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. It is too
late to raise the point.
The CHAIRMAN. Did the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Stevexs] rise for the
purpose of making the point of order?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir;
he did not.
Mr. STEVENS. I intended when I rose to
make the point of order, Mr. Chairman ; but
not being familiar with parliamentary rules 
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman states
that he, rose for the purpose of making the
point of order, then the point is made in time.
Mr. STEVENS. I rose for the purpose of
making the point of order. •
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order. .
Mr. STEVENS. The point of order I make
is that this is new legislation, diverting as it
does the income of the pension fund irta-diree-
tion unknown to the existing law and contrary
to it, the law having set apart the income of
the pension fund for the payineut of naval pen-
40th OONG. 3d SESS.—NO. 19.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
• Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Now, I
raise a point of order. The gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Stevexs] rose, as I
understand, to make an amendment to strike
out the proviso.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman misunder-
stood me. No word or syllable of my lan-
guage gave any such intimation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would re-
mark to the gentlemah from Illinois—-
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Did not
the gentleman from New Hampshire speak
against the proviso?
Mr. STEVENS. I insist on the point of
order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I insist
that the point is raised too late.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair distiactly
put to the gentleman from New Hampshire the
questiou whether he had risen for the purpose
of raising the point. In this House the word
of the gentleman concerned is, upon such a
matter as this, taken as conclusive; and the
gentleman from New Hampshire having stated
that he had risen for the purpose of raising the
point the Chair ruled that he was in time, and
that the point, was well taken.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
question the gentleman's statement; but I do
say that he did uot take his point of order
until he had discussed the matter.
Mr. MAYNAED. 1 submit that it is too
late for the gentleman from Illinois to discuss
this questiou unless ho takes au appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois is not ill order. The Chair has ruled
that the point of order raised by the gentleman
from New Hampshire is well taken.
The Clerk read the following:
For expenses of Naval Obso vatory, namely:
For wages of one instrument maker, one messen-
ger, one porter, and three wutchmoti; for keeping
gi omuls in order and lepairs to buildings and lnclo-
sures; tor fuel, light, and otfioe furniture, and for
stationery, chemicals tor bittories, postage, aud
freight, and contingent, $10,0110.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by making the appropriation
$13,500, instead of $10,000. I think the gen-
| tlemau in charge of the bill will not object to
this amendment. I ain assured that this in
crease in the amount is absolutely necessary.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The sum
proposed in the gentleman's amendment cor-
responds with the estimate of the Department;
but the committee in cutting down some of
the estimates cut this down to 510,000. Alter
the explanation of the gentleman, 1 will not
object to increasing the amount by adding
$3,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, I desire to ask a ques-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations in reference to these appropria-
tions for the Naval Observatory. I know it,
was stated in one of the reports—the report
of the Superintendent of the Observatory, 1
think—that the very valuable transit instru
merit, one of the only three of the kind now in
operation in the world, is in danger of being
seriously injured by the imperfection of the
building in which it is placed. I think an
expenditure of $5,000 has been recommended
as necessary to insure the proper preservation
of the instrument. I would like to learn from
the gentleman from Illinois what has been done
by the committee in reference to this matter,
. Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations have had no such
information on that subject. I understand that
some clerk or employ^ of the Department came
into the committee-room with some memoran-
dum ; but it has not been brought to the atten-
tion of the committee, and we have no knowl-
edge whatever on the subject.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will permit,
me to say that one gentleman connected with
tii'® Observatory called or me this mornitig*knd
suggested t'bat the additional amount provided
for iu the araendtBeut of the gemieman from
Maine, [Mr. PIKE,.] already adopted,1)8
suffi.ci.eut to cover the expenses of the/Ourrent
year.
Mr. GA-RFIBLD. I would like to inquire
whether that additional sum could be employed
for the purpose I have suggested.
Mr. AVASHBUhNR, of Illinois. From the
statement of the gentleman from ISFew Hamp-
shire [Mr. Stevexs] it would seem that feho e
having charge of the -Observatory .think it
could be. - . „■
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman-' will
allow me, I will call his attention to the report
of the Secretary of the Navy, page.8$, where
Commodore Sands speaks of this matter, as
follows:
"The special estimate embraces an item for the
erection of a suitable frame building for the rocop-
tion of tho now transit circle. Our la?t three years'
experience shows the remounting of the'-circle in a
proper observing room to be necessary* for the fol-
lowing reasons: , * -
" Tho present observing rnmn it the worst possible
for an astronomical instrument, on account of the
thickness ot its brick walk. The sources of iufon-
vcuiouce ar<— "
" 1. It is impossible to sccure that equality of ihe
internal, and external temperature which is indis-
pensable to good observations.
"2. In tho daytime oven the two ends of the in-
strument may ?ho\v five or ten degrees difference of
totnperature, owing to tho intense heat of tho cop-
per rooi and the comparative coolness of the walls.
"3. la thcwinter and spring a sudden rise ot tem-
pera tuio after a cold snap causes a heavy deposit of
dew over the entire room and instrument, to the
grout danger of the Jotter through rusting of the steel.
" It may bo remarked ihat the gi eat superiority of
wooden walls has been almost universally recog-
nized by astronomers lor twenty years. Notably,
the elder Struve, lorty jcars ago, at Dorpat,suffered
riio same iucouveniences to so sell us an extent that
in building the Pulkowa observatory he mude tho
observing toows entirely of wood, as a yroikof neces-
sity.
"The mnsonry on which the instrument is sup-
ported ia altogether insufficient in size and strength.
Hence— , , . .
"1. The azimulhol error is more unsteady than in
innny small transits in &ccond class obaei vatoiies*.
"2. Tho mortar of the masonry is gradually disin-
tegrating.
"3. The tops of tho marble piers arc giadunlly
spreading apart, go that ihe micro "copea on one pior
have to be pushed in every fovr weeks iaorder to see
tho circle divisions."
Thib new and very valuable instrument, cost-
ing m Germany ¥8,01)0, I think, is in snch
condition, in consequence ot' ihi: rusting of its
stool parts, that unless we make this uppio-
priation it will become utterly valueless.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 think that 1 had 110 con-
versation on the particular point to which the
gentleman alludes, but 1 did understand the
complaint was that the appropriation hud been
reduced, and its restoiaiioii to the estimate
would be satisfactory.
Mr. PIKE. That ought to he explained.
Thirteen thousand five hundred dollars was
satisfactory lor the purpose of keeping np the
Observatory as it was, as they had given np the
idea of having an appropriation for this transit
cii cle. They thought that this'was the lowest
they could get along with.
Mr. Pike's amendment was adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
For salary of three aids. S-t.000.
Mr. MA.YNAUD. I move to increase that
to $5,400. Commodore Sands oonclwles his
report ns follows:
"I e:>rnostly renew tho recommendation of last
year, that tho puy of the civilian? ensf.igcd in astro-
nomical and other duties at the Observatory bo
incieasod. Their duties nro not, those_ of clerks or
computers only, butsuoli as require, indispensably, a
knowledge of astronomy and general science."
These three gentlemen are astrdnomers—
men of science-—and in this hill it is proposed
to pay them only a salary of $1,383 each,
while, as will be seen in the appropriation pre-
ceding this one, the clerk is allowed $1,500 a
year. I think it is no more than fair thittthe^e
men of science should have a salary each *of
§1,800, and therefore I have moved to increase
the appropriation to $5,400. One thousahtt
three hundred dollars, a year, is no, adequate
reward for requirements necessary p-l
services which thess gentleiwea to
