1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1248
would not vote an annuity out of persoual favor
or personal regard forany person. Ithinkitis
an evil system to commence in the United
States.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This will ob-
viously take some time, and I call for the reg-
ular order.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
allow this to be disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the
duty of the Chair to call the attention of the
Senate to the fact that the unfinished business
of yesterday is now before the Senate, being
the bill to incorporate the Washington Market
Company.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that may lie over
informally until we finish this.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie
over informally if there be no objections.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not object
if there is not to be discussion.
Mr. McCREERY. I object.
Mr. PERRY. If there is going to be de-
bate, I object.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I move to postpone
for half an hour the order of the day, in order
to proceed with the consideration of this joint
resolution.
Mr. FERRY. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
that to-night is set apart for precisely this class
of claims.
Mr. SUMNER. Not for this. It is for
reports from the Pension Committee.
Mr. FERRY. This is a report from the
Pension Committee, and is distinctly in order
this evening.
Mr. CONNESS. I understand the motion
to be now to postpone the present and all
prior orders for the purpose of considering
the joint resolution for the relief of Mrs. Lin-
coln.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts moves that the present
and all prior orders be postponed for half an
hour to consider the joint resolution granting
a pension to Mrs. Lincoln.
Mr. FERRY. Will not the result of the
adoption of this motion be to displace the pres-
ent order of business?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will.
Mr. FERRY. I hope, then, the motion will
not be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I feel bound to
say to the Senate, that they may vote under-
standing^, that we have no time to lose from the
consideration of the appropriation bills which
will come before this Congress. As yet we
have not completed a single one of the import-
ant appropriation bils which it is necessary to
pass. Ali the important appropriation bills,
all those which occupy most of our time, are
yet behind—have not yet reached the Senate.
If we displace those bills for the consideration
of topics which can be considered at another
hour—and I understand now, in regard to this
measure, that that appropriate hour will be to-
night—the Senator from Massachusetts will
judge whether he is not putting the public
service in a very great peril by so doing.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion just there. It may be that to-night,
either at the beginning of the evening or at
the end, when this measure will be in order,
there will be no quorum. There should be a
quorum in the Chamber when we act on this.
And now, sir, let me say that I am perfectly
willing to accept the vote of the Senate on
proceeding with its consideration as an ex-
pression of their opinion. upon the measure
itself. If the Senate is not willing to proceed
with it let it say so by its vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, to postpone the unfinished busi-
ness and all prior orders for the purpose of
continuing the consideration of the joint reso-
lution granting a pension to Mrs. Mary Lin-
\olu.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, I want to know-
definitely whether the motion, .is for a distinct
period of timt,-.
Mr. CONNESS. Let it be for half an hour.
Mr. SUMNER. I will say half an hour.
Mr. TIPTON. Half an hour will be of no
consequence in this discussion. This question
will be discussed, and discussed at every point,
and therefore half an hour will not avail any-
thing.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us see.
Mr. FERRY. Rather than that the motion
should be made and displace the existing order
of business I would prefer to have the exist-
ing order laid aside informally for half an hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
is made to that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That cannot be
done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, to postpone the regular order for
half an hour in order to continue the consid-
eration of the present joint resolution.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
The call of the roll was commenced, and
Mr. Abbott responded to his name.
Mr. CONKLING-. Before the roll is called
I beg to make an inquiry of the Chair. I un-
derstand that this evening is specially set apart
for business from the Pension Committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
understanding.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there anything in this
joint resolution which will take it out of that
order of business, or will it be in order this
evening? I understand that it has been re-
ported from the Pension Committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It came
from the Committee on Pensions with a report
that, in their opinion, it did not properly belong
to the class of pensions.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Chair be kind
enough to state whether this measure would be
in order to-night or not? I should like to
know in order to govern my vote on this motion
accordingly.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. If the Chair
were to give an opinion in advance he would
say that it is in the nature of a pension, and
therefore there would be no great strain in say-
ing that it would be in order this evening.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion.
Mr. GRIMES. I rise to a question of order.
The call of the yeas and nays had begun, and
the Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Abbott]
had answered to his name. All this debate,
therefore, is out of order.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. It was very
near that, to be sure.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, Mr. President 
Mr. GR'MBS. I call the Senator to order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will remark that the Senator from New York
rose so near the time the calling of the roll
commenced that the Chair thought it would
be illiberal to say he was not in time, and yet
the Chair believes that the name of the Senator
from North Carolina had been called and that
he had actually answered.
Mr. S UMNER. I was about to observe that
we ought to have a quorum here when we
decide this question 
Mr. GRIMES. I call the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Debate is
not in order. The call of the roll will be con-
cluded.
The call having been concluded, the result
was announced—-yeas 30, nays 23 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Anthony, Buckalew, Cat-
tell, lonnrss, Dixon, Drake, Fowler, Frehnghuysen,
Harlan, Harris, Howard, Koilogg, McDonald, Mor-
gan. Morton. JJye, Osborn. Patterson of Tennessee,
Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Kobertson, Spencer, Stew-
art, Sumner, 'Van VTinkio, Warner, Welch, aud
NAYS—Messrs. Cole, Conklins, Corbett, Cragin,
Davis. Ferrv, Fessenden, Grimes, Howe. MeCreery,
Morrill of Mdino, Morrill of Vermont, Rice, Sauls-
buiy, Sawver. Sherman, Thayer. Tipton, lrumbuu,
Vieke-s, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bdyaid, Cameron, Chandler,
Doolittle, Edmunds, Henderson, Hendricks, Nor-
ton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Ross, Sprague,
Wade, and Why to—13.
So the motion of Mr. Sumner was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is oil the amendment of the Senator from
California, [Mr. Cosnkss,] to striker qut in line
three of the resolution the words '"a pension"
and insert "an allowance."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
inquire whether the letter of Mrs. Lincoln
asking some action on the part of Congress is
iucluded in the report of the Committee on
Pensions, and whether that letter asks for a
pension or not? If the letter is included in the
report I should like to have it read.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am unable to answer
the question, if it is directed to me.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask if the
chairman of the Committee on Pensions has
the letter of Mrs. Lincoln asking for action on
the part of Congress?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I had it in the com-
mittee-room, but not here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Did the letter
ask for a pension, or an allowance?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I think it asked spe-
cifically for a pension. It was filed here after
the committee had ordered their report to ba
prepared.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like
to have the letter read.
Mr. CONNESS. The letter is not here now.
I hope we shall go on.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the amendment will
not be made. 1 do not know'wbat power Con-
gress has under the Constitution to make any
individual an allowance, so to speak. On this
subject, at this particular time, I think we
ought to apply to the Constitution, so far as
appropriations are concerned, a strict con-
struction. But, sir, I look upon this case of
Mrs. Lincoln, if it has merits, as coming fairly
within the category of pensions. Her husband
was Commander-in-Chief of the Army of the
United States in virtue of his office as Presi-
dent; he rendered distinguished services in
that capacity during the war of the rebellion ;
and while the rebellion was still in existence,
while its fires were still blazing, he was stricken
down—not by an act of war to be sure, in the
ordinary sense of that term, but by an assassin
who plainly and according to all the informa-
tion we have was acting in the interest of the
enemies of the United States. Mr, Lincoln,
therefore, fell a victim to the cause of his
country, as much so as if he had fallen upon the
field of battle; and if he had been a commander
in the field and had been stricken down I fancy
there could be no hesitation on the part of Con-
gress in granting to his widow a pension and it
would have fallen clearly within the princi-
ples lying at the bottom of our pension laws.
I prefer, therefore, to put the case upon its
proper ground; and if we grant any aid or
assistance to his widow to let it be in the snape
of a liberal pension, and not to endeavor to
cloud the question by calling it by a wrong
name and applying the word "allowance" to
a case in which the party is clearly entitled to
a pension if she is entitled to anything.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Mr. President, it is
but justice to the members of the Pension Com-
mittee to say that they do not feel themselves
committed against an allowance if satisfactory
reasons are shown. The Pension Committee
in this case were acting, as it were, in defense
of themselves. They think that if such allow-
ances are to be made for extraordinary mil-
itary service the Military Committee is the
proper body to take charge of them. They
think their own duty confines them to an in-
quiry whether the party applying is, at least,
within the spirit of the pension laws; and if
he or she is found to be so, although it may
not be strictly within its letter, yet in the exer-
cise of a sort of equitable jurisdiction they
allow a pension. But they have not found
themselves authorized in any way. to allow a
pension beyond that which the law permits.
There are certain applications from the widows
