1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
to sea they do not use steam one-day in twenty,
and the only use that these firemen are put
to is to eat their rations and draw their pay.
It is found that the seamen on board the ves-
sels, and whom it is necessary to have there,
would be very willing and are anxious to do
this duty for this little additional compensa-
tion. If this section shall be adopted it will
cause a very large—I may say an astonishingly
large saving of the public money without any
detriment to the public interest.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire only to say what
the gentleman from Illinois has omitted, that
this will make our service in harmony with
those of all other, nations. We are the only
nation that maintains a corps of firemen and
coal-heavers, and we pay them more than we
pay sailors. Every other nation has a pro-
vision just such as this, adding to the pay of
the most industrious sailors for doing this
work, and saving, as the gentleman has said,
the rations and pay of the whole numher of
firemen and coal-heavers.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend by striking
out the last line of this section. It is as I
supposed it was; the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washbubne] is a very excellent gentle-
man. The only difficulty withhim is that if he
but understood the management of a ship he
would pursueadifferentcourse. Why he would
pay a fireman extra for his services as a sailor
he has not yet stated. I suppose he is aware
that a fireman now receives a higher rate of
compensation than a sailor receives. He should
also be aware that the regulations of our Navy
provide that no commander of a vessel shall
u,-e steam, on any occasion unless there is a
special necessity for it, and that the necessity
ior it must be recorded in the log. That regu-
lation of our Navy is precisely like the regula-
tion of the British navy on that point: that all
vessels must go under sail without some press-
ing necessity for the use of steam. And the
great complaint against the Navy Department
is that our vessels are now 80 constructed that
they must go under steam while they should be
so that they could go under sail. The com-
plaint is that our steam vessels cannotgo under
sail, while it should be that the whole crew
should be shipped for the purpose of managing
the vessel, that a ship of war should have the
torce necessary to manage it as a ship of war.
We have provided by law that the Navy
should have eighty-five hundred men, to be dis-
tributed among about forty vessels. Now, it
must be evident, that all those men are not
necessary for the working of those vessels. It
is absurd to say that eighty-five hundred men
are necessary to work forty vessels. But they
are so distributed as to make those vessels
efficient as men of war. Now, there is no need
of any provision requiring the paymaster of a
vessel to distinguish a fireman or coal-heaver
from any other man on the vessel, to transfer
him from one department to another, to keep
separate accounts with each man and pay him
thirty-three cents per day every time lie may act
as fireman or coal-heaver. It should be so
arranged that the master of a vessel may man-
age his crew as he likes. Every man on board
the vessel should be under the control of the
master of the vessel for any purpose he may
choose to use him, whether to fight the vessel
or to manage it in any other way.
It does seem to me absurd to have such
regulations that whenever the master of a ves-
sel* has occasion to use a man for one purpose
he should be paid differently from what he is
paid when used for some other purpose. That
it seems to me would be by no means in the
interest of good discipline on board ship.
For these reasons I hope this section will be
stricken out. I know of no sueh regulation in
the British navy, and 1 have understood that
there is no corresponding regulation in that
navy. The gentleman frotn Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley] may have informed himself
differently upon this matter. But I have never
heard of any sueh regulation, and I have given
some considerable attention to such subjects.
Mr. KELLEY. Not only have I informed
myself of that, but also that the maintenance
of such a corps of men is the source of great
discontent among our men.
Mr. SPALDING-. It strikes me that this
provision is a very sensible one. I know of no
reason why able-bodied seamen on board a
man-of-war may not perform the duties of
firemen and coal-heavers as well as men spe-
cially employed for that purpose. We propose
to offer them the inducement of thirty-three
cents per day additional pay whenever they
see fit to perforin that duty.
And certainly on board a man-of-war room
is of some account. I am not prepared to say
how many of these firemen or coalheavers are
ordinarily shipped on board a mau-of-war, but
there must be a goodly number of them. By
the arrangement proposed in this section we
dispense with all those supernumeraries, and
take able-bodied seamen. And then we pro-
vide that if they shall perform the services of
firemen or coalheavers they shall receive this
additional pay of thirty-three cents per day.
There is no difficulty in keeping the accounts
and paying these men. A certain set ot sea-
men are classed as firemen and are to be
allowed this additional pay ; and when on any
one day out of twenty or thirty the vessel is
propelled by steam-power, then these men are
called into action with this additional pay.
That is the effect of the proposition ; and I
do not see any force in the argument used by
the chairman of the Naval Committee [Mr.
Pike] in opposition to the measure. It strikes
me as a measure of economy, one that will
save expense by dispensing with supernumer-
aries on board of these vessels of war, which
is certainly a very desirable object.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman will allow mo
to suggest that we have already provided that
there shall be'on board our ships eighty-five
hundred men of various grades, sailors,_ fire-
men, coal-heavers, &c., and their pay is fixed.
This proposition is designed to give a certain
portion of these men additional pay. That is
the whole proposition.
Mr. SPALD1N G. The proposition is to give
to able-bodied seamen additional pay if they
j will perform the. services of firemen, thereby
! dispensing with the firemen altogether.
! Mr. PIKE. No, that is not proposed.
| Mr. WOODWARD. I move that the com-
mittee rise. „ ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the gentleman will let us get through with the
bill this afternoon.
Mr. WOODWARD. Yery well; I withdraw
the motion.
Mr. PIKE. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
The question recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Pike to strike out section two, it was
not agreed to.
Tne Clerk read the following paragraph:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That thc officers
of the marine corps shall hereafter consist ot one
colonel,one lieutenantcoionel.two majors, oneadju-
tant and iuspector, one paymaster, one quartermas-
ter one afsibtant quartermaster, twelve captains,
eighteen first lieutenants, eighteen second lieuten-
ants; and the sergeants and corporals and clerks
are to be reduced two fifths; the selection ot officers
to be mustered out of service or reduccd to bo de-
termined by lot among the officers and non-com-
misoioaed officers at present in commission.
Mr. BANKS. I raise the point of order on
this section that it changes existing law and is
not in order in this bill. .
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The section will be stricken out.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the reading
of the bill. . T„. . T
Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee rise, and report the bul
with the amendments to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Garfield
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. Blaine reported that the Committee ot
the Whole on the state of the Union,  av'"g
had under consideration the bill (II- R- -N°-
1599) making appropriations lor the naval
service for the year ending 80th June, its/v,
had directed him to report the same back with
sundry amendments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
suspend the rules for the purpose of offering
amendments as follows:
At the bottom of page 3 insert the following:
Provided, That all amouuts appropriated for tho
support of the Naval Asylum at Philadelphia, the
beneficiaries therein, tho pay of officers, repair*, con-
tingent and other expenses, shall bo oliargad to and
paid Iroin the income of the naval pension fund.
On page 11, after the first paragraph with reference
to the Marine corps, insert tho following:
Provided, That the number of non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates authorized and
allowed to bo enlisted into the Marine corps of the
United States be, and tho same is hereby, fixed and
deolared to bo fifteen hundred and no more.
Insert the following as section three:
And be it further enacted. That the officers of the
Marine corps shall hereafter opnsist of one colonel,
ono lieutenant coloncl, two majors, one adjutant and
inspector, ono paymaster, one quartermaster, one
assistant quartermaster, twelve captains, eighteen
first lieutonants, eighteen second lieutenants; and
tho sergeants and corporals and clorks are to oe
reduced two fifths; the selection of officers to be mus-
tered out of service or reduced to bo determined by
lot among tho officers and non-commissioned officers
at present in commission.
Those two provisos and this section have
been stricken out in Committee of the Whole
upon points of order. My object in moving to
suspend tho rules is that they may be reinserted
in the bill.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois^ I hope the
gentleman from Massachusetts will withdraw
his motion as it will only throw this bill over
for a week.
Mr. BANKS. I decline to withdraw the
motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
hope the House will vote it down.
The House divided ;■ and there were—ayes
54, noes 35.
So the motion was agreed to; and there-
upon, fat twenty-five minutes after four o'clock,
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BOWEN: The petition of Hamilton
Slawson, of South Carolina, ior relief.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio: The petition of
Seth Linton and others, of Clinton county, Ohio,
praying for a reform in the abuses practiced by
those having in charge nunneries, convents,
cloisters, jails, asylums, &e.
By Mr. COBURN: A memorial of colored
men of the second congressional district of
Georgia, setting forth their grievances and
asking protection. . ■•-. -•
By Mr. DAWES: The petition of Hannah
Kelley, widow of Thomas Kelley, for a pension.
By. Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of James
Mason and 30 others, citizens of Lake Supe-
rior, Michigan, praying Congress to establish-
a mail route from Esconawba, in the upper pe-
ninsula of Michigan, via Mason or Delta Mills,
by the most direct route to Minising, or Grand
Island, in said State.
Also, the petition of W. V. Williams and
12 others, for the same object.
By Mr. GARFIELD : A petition of inmates
of the Soldiers' Home, Washington, for legis-
lation to prevent officers from taking away the
products of the farm attached to that institu-
tion for their private use.
Also, the petition of Elizabeth A. Spurgeon,
for a pension.
Also, the petition of Amanda Bowker, ior a
pension. , _
By Mr. GRAVELY : The petition of R. W.
Grlap, ofYirginia, asking to be relieved from
the disabilities imposed by the fourteenth article
of the amendment to the Constitution.
By Mr. HARDING: A petition of people
of Warren county, Illinois, for an amendment 01
!i the law relative to the manufacture of tobacco.
j| By Mr. HO LB ROOK : A memorial ot We
l! Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Idah#,
il asking that the organic act be amended- so as
