292
IME iCONG-KESSIGML, GLOBE.
January 12,
:to permit theterritorial Legislatureto continue
their sessions for the period of sixty days.
Also, ft memorial of the Legislative Assem-
bly of the Territory of Idaho, asking an appro-
priation for the survey of the boundary line.
Also, a memorial ot' the Legislative Assembly
of the Territory of'Idahq, asking for an appro-
priation for the survey of public lands.
By Air. J UDD: A memorial of the National
Lincoln Monumeut Association, of Springfield,
Illinois, asking the 'donation of captured and
damaged bronze and brass ordnance for the
use of said association, and for transportation.
By. Mr. JULIAN: A petition of 17 citi-
zens of the State of New York, praying that in
any proposed amendment of the Constitution
of Che'TJnited States to extend or regulate suf-
frage no distinction shall be made between
men and women.
Also, a petition of 60 citizcns of the State
of New York, praying the same.
Also, a petition of 60 citizens of the State
of New York, praying the same.
Also, a petition of 54 citizens of New York,
praying the same.
Also, a petition of 120 citizens of New York,
praying the same.
.Also, a petition of G-i citizcns of New York,
praying the same.
Also, the memorial of Joseph L, Smith, in
relation to reformed schools in the District of
Columbia.
Also, the petition of Phebc Wood and Sylvia
Ann Wood, heirs of Jethro Wood, deceased,
praying compensation in lands for services ren-
dered the country by said Jethro Wood's pat-
ented plow.
By Mr. 11ELLEY: A petition of the pro-
fessois and students ot'Lincoln University,
praying Congress to propose a constitutional
amendment securing to all citizens equal polit-
ical l ights, without regard to class, creed, race,
or color.
By Mr. MARVIN: The petition of John
Hegemnn, praying compensation for the use
of his patent pontoon bridges during the late
war by General X\r. T. Sherman and other
officers.
^ By Mr. MOORE: A petition and memo-
rial of the sugar refiners of Philadelphia, ask-
ing for a new classification of sugars for tariff
purposes.
Also, sundry petitions from masters and
owners of vessels of the city and State of New
York, with accompanying papers, praying the
intervention of Congress to protect all engaged
in navigation from illegal exactions by State
and municipal corporations.
Also, a petition of 5,000 masters and owners
of vessels sailing to and from the ports of
Washiugtoa and Georgetown, with accompany-
ing papers and bills, for protection from illegal
taxes by State and municipal corporations.
By Mr. MOORHBAD: The memorial of
Nancy G. Miller, of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania,
praying for relief.
liy Mr. PAINE: The memorial ot Peter
Stinebeek, for relief.
By Mr, PETERS ; Petitions of Abigail Dix
and Joseph Blake, for pensions.
Also, the petition of E. B. Patten and others,
of Bangor Maine, for a change of the law tax-
ing tobacco.
By Mr. PHELPS: A petition of surviv-
ing officers and soldiers of the war of 1812,
asking to bo placed upon the pension rolls.
By Mr. POLSLEY: The petition of Joseph
H. Wheat, asking for a pension.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The memorial of Wil-
liam A. Wheeler, praying Congress to indemnify
him for losses on certain contracts with the
Navy Department.
By Mr. TIFT: The remonstrance of John
Screven, president of the Atlantic and Gulf
railroad of Georgia, against any further
increase of the duty on imported iron and steel.
By Mr. VAN AERNA.51: The petition of
Wiilinm Adams.. of Franklin.vi}le. New Yf>rk,-a
soldier of the war of 1812, praying Congress to
grant him a pension.
Also, a petition of 184 cjti^euB of Cattarau-
stub county, New York, praying "Congressr do
enact a law establishing a post route from
Randolph, New York, via Conewango, Leon,
and New Albion, to Cattaraugus, New York.
" % Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of H.
A. G-hebeline and 54 others, praying Congress
to repeal parts of sections seventy eight and
ninety-four of an act entitled ''An act impos-
ing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and
for other purposes," approved July 20, 1868.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 12; 1869.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
committee service.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore anuounced
the appointment of Mr, Rice and Mr. Abbott
as additional members of the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, in pursuance of the order
of December 21, 1868.
l'btitioss and memorials.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of
Eliphalet Brown, jr., praying compensation
for services rendered as an artist in the Japan
expedition under Commodore Perry; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
George F. Peers, of Appomattox Court-House,
Virginia, praying to be relieved from disabili-
ties ; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present a series of
resolutions, in the nature of a petition to Con-
gress, adopted at Macon, Georgia, January 1,
1809, at a mass meeting, in which is set forth
a deplorable condition of things in the State
of Georgia, and the parties ask a remedy from
Congress, and suggest, among other things, the
adoption of a bill introduced by myself. I
move the reference of this petition to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Francis T. Stribling, praying a removal of the
civil disabilities imposed on him by acts of
Congress; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of James
Murdaugh, praying the removal of the civil
disabilities imposed on him by acts of Con-
gress ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. CATTELL presented the memorial of
the sugar refiners of Philadelphia, praying for
a new classification of sugars for tariff pur-
poses ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I present a peti-
tion from a number of capitalists, stating that
they understand that a proposition is pending
before Congress to endow the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company and the eastern division of
the Union Pacific Railroad Company with a
Government subsidy of $16,000, $32,000, and
$48,000 per mile, according to the nature of
the territory; and they are further informed
that these companies have already had granted
to them forty sections, or twenty-five thousand
acres of land per mile, and that it is proposed
to give them the privilege of mortgaging the
road for an amount equal to the Government
subsidy; that in addition to the grant of lands
these subsidies, at the rate named, will, for both
roads, amount to the enormous aggregate of
$125,000,000, and veryprobably $130,000,000 ;
that the memorialists will undertake the con-
struction of either or both of these roads, with
the same land grafts, and with a Government
subsidy of $15,0p0 per mile for the entire line,
with the right ctf.mortgage-to the same amount;
thus making a saving to the Treasury of the
United States of $75j000,000; that they will
give bonds equal to the amount of the subsidy
for the completion of both roads in ten years,
the bonds fp be indorsed by capitalists repre-
senting $100,000,000, I offer this memorial
because one of the capitalists -who signs it is
a constituent of mine.
Mr. CONKLING. Who are th«# memo-
rialists ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Franklin Haven,
George B. Upton, John T. Coolidge,S. S.
Dana, Henry J. Gardner, George Baty Blake,
Glidden A. .Williams, Joseph Nickleson & Co.,
John J. Blair, and W. S. Williams. In offer-
ing this memorial I desire, however, to say
that I am opposed to the granting of any sub-
sides for railroads excepting where the faith
of the nation is pledged. I believe that the
present rate at which railroads are being built
across the continent by the aid of the Govern-
ment shows that they can be built at a suffi-
ciently rapid rate without that aid, and with it
that they are more likely to be well constructed
when they are not unreasonably hastened in
order to get the subsidy. But if we are to
grant subsidies, I am in favor of granting the
smallest amount. I move the relerenee of this
memorial to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
The motion was agreed to..
Mr. RICE presented the petition of mem-
bers of the bar of the eastern district of Arkan-
sas, asking for an additional term of the United
States circuit court for that district; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial of the mem-
bers of the bar of Garrard and adjoining coun-
ties in Kentucky, praying that Lancaster, the
county seat of Garrard county, be selected as
one of the places for holding the district court
of the United States in the now district pro-
posed to be established in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Kansas, praying that in any amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
to extend or regulate suffrage there be no dis-
tinction between men and women; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Kansas, praying that the right of suffrage be
granted to the women of the District of Colum-
bia; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. COLE presented the petition of Jona-
than Elliot, late commercial agent of the Uni-
ted States at San Domingo and Porto Plata,
praying compensation for services rendered
and reimbursement of money expended in ne-
gotiating a treaty with the Dominican repub-
lic in the year 1856 ; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of C.
B. Hood, praying the removal of the civil dis-
abilities imposed on him by acts of Congress;
which was referred to the Committee on the
J udiciary.
Mr. THAYER presented the memorial of
Chauncey A. Horr, praying that he may be
compensated for injuries received at the hands
of Omaha Indians; which was referred to the
Committee oil Claims.
reports of committees.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
ten thousand additional copies of the report
of the Special Commissioner of the Revenue,
have instructed me to report it back without
amendment, and recommend its passage. I
am also instructed to ask for its present con-
sideration.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That thoro be printed for the use of the
Senate, ten -thousand copies of th© report of tho
Special Commissioner of the Revenue, with the
appendices complete.
Mr._SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom wasreferred the bill (H.
R. No. 987) to provide for the removal .of the
remains of Hon. W. T.. Coggeshall, late min-
ister of the United States at Ecuador, to the
United States, have had the same under con-
sideration, and directed me to report it back
with a.recommendation that it pass. If there
is no objection to its consideiatigji now-^-
