1241
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
of high officers both of the Array and of tho
Navy^ asking not the usual one of thirty dol-
lars a moot!], but asking that they may have
fifty'dollars pension. The committee took the
same ground in reference to those applica-
tions ; and at the last session ob the evening
when the Pension Committee had its business
considered the Senator from Massachusetts
offered an amendment, which I had assisted
him in preparing, rating higher officers at
higher rates. Although no votft, I think, was
taken upon it, yet the opinion of the Senate
was distinctly manifested that they would not
pass such a latf.
Under these circumstances the Committee
on Pensions feel themselves instructed, by the
action of the Senate, that they have nothing
to do with gratuities; and if a proposition is
made to vote a gratuity for distinguished mil-
itary service or distinguished naval service
they have no official knowledge on the subject,
and such matters are proper for the consider-
ation of the Military or Naval Committee.
Those committees are supposed to be familiar
with the incidents of the war, with the action
of its officers, and other things in that con-
nection, and they can judge whether the ser-
vices hare been so extraordinary as to warrant
an increased pension. But, sir, it is making
fish of one and fowl of another, to use an old
saying, to make such exceptions to the general
rule ; for one brigadier general, however ex-
traordinary his successes have been, has only
devoted all his time, all his energies, all his
abilities, to the country's service, and another
brigadier general may not have had the same
success, but may have acted as faithfully to
the country. The Pension Committee do not
feel like making a discrimination between two
officers of the same rank.
I need not go into a discussion of this case.
I suppose every Senator can make up his mind
for himself. The Committee on Pensions do
not think that the circumstances attending Mr.
Lincoln's death bring it Within the require-
ment of the law that the person should have
been in the line of duty When he was wounded
or lost his life, or that the case is within the
spirit of the pension laws. They hold that to
take this action and to grant a pension here
would be setting a precedent which would in-
volve them in a great deal of trouble hereafter.
Applications would pour in in abundance.
There is no difficulty in so modifying this joint
resolution as to say that, the Secretary of the
Treasury shall pay to Mrs. Lincoln so much
per annum. It needs that alteration, for I
think it now applies^ to thd Secretary of the
Interior; and it that is done the word " allow-
ance," if there is objection to that, may be
omitted, and let it be simply an expression of
the gratitude of the nation to Mrs. Lincoln's
deceased husband. 1 am myself prepared to
vote for a suitable allowance if good reason is
shown, but that I have not yet seen, and I did
not find 16 in the letter of Mrs. Lincoln that
has been referred to.
Mr. MORTON. I am not in favor of the
amendment. Mn Lincoln held the highest civil
rank, and at the same time he held the highest
military1 rank under the Constitution. He was
not killed upon the field of battle in the ordi-
nary sense of that phrase, but he was killed by
the enetnies of the Government; he was killed
during the war, and he was as much killed in
defense of the preservation of the Republic as
any officer or soldier who fell in battle. We all
understand that distinctly ; and if this pension
is put upon that ground it saves any danger of
making it a precedent to be followed in other
cases where a President may die in his bed, die
a natural death during the term of his office.
The Senator from Kentucky referred to the
death of President Harrison. That was not a
case in point. President Harrison died in his
bed a natural death; he was not killed in a war
which had been brought about for the destruc-
tion of the Government, as President Lincoln
was. Now, sir, we did not profess to under-
stand that this case was coveted by theexisting
pension laws. If it was, there w-as no neces-
sity for introducing a bill ; but it is covered by
the essential principle upon which all pensions
rest.
Mr. President, I know there has been some-
thing said against granting a pension to Mrs.
Lincoln, and the Senator from West Virginia
says he is prepared to vote an allowance pro-
vided it is shown that it is necessary, but that
has not yet been shown. Sir, it was said in
olden times that " republics are ungrateful,"
and if this Government should refuse to make
some provision for Mrs. Lincoln the truth of
that old adage would again be verified. But,
sir, what a reflection upon the sincerity of the
nation ! When Mr. Lincoln was slain a funeral
the like of which had not been known in the
history of the world took place. I do not
know how much that funeral cost the Govern-
ment, butlpresume it cost it at least $250,000.
Taking into consideration the cost in the vari-
ous cities through which it passed it cost not
less than $1,000,000. Iknowthefuneral arrange-
ments in the city of Indianapolis, as the corpse
passed through, cost the State of Indiana more
than twenty • five thousand dollars. And it cost far
more in larger cities, New York, Pbiladelphi?,
and other places that might be named. Alto-
gether it cost the Government and the Slates not
less than $1,000,000. Why, sir, we have been vot-
ing ordnance and metal for the purpose of con-
structing a monument to him the material of
which was of great value. Wc have voted
$10,000 to complete a marble statue of him.
We can spend money for these honors ; but
when it comes to making a moderate provision
for his widow, the mother of his children, the
partner of his bosom, the one who shared his
joys and his sorrows, and who was broken per-
haps in health and mind by his death, then we
are told it is extravagance; we are told that
Senators can perceive no reason for it. Sir,
the nation that can give almost by the million,
as we have done, in memory of the husband,
and can turn coldly away from the wife and
the widow, is guilty of hypocrisy; and it can
truly be said that "republics are ungrateful."
If we sincerely cherish the memory of Abra-
ham Lincoln, if we truly appreciate his great
services, let ustestify it, atleastin part, by being
willing to provide for the broken-hearted widow
he has left behind him.
Mr. YATES. I disagree with the Senator
from Indiana and I agree with the Senator from
Michigan. 1 thinkthatthisfippropriationcomes
clearly, properly, and legally within the pur-
port and interpretation of a pension. And
why? Not because Mr. Lincoln was President
of the United States, but because he was Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of tho
United States. He was just as much a soldier
in the service of the Republic as General Grant,
and just as much as though he were upon the
field of battle. I submit it to every Senator
now whether Mr. Lincoln was not supposed to
be at the head of our armies in every battle
that was fought during the war? Had he not
the right to go and take cottimand of the Army
in person—to demand the position of actual
commander?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Will the Senator per-
mit me to interrupt him for a moment to cor-
rect, as 1 think, a mistake into which he has
fallen ?
Mr. YATES. Yes, sir.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Irememberdistinctly
of reading a decision of a court, I cannot tell
where nor in what book nor in what State,
but it was there decided explicitly that by virtue
of the article in the constitution of tlat State
that the Governor should be the commander-
in-chief of the military and naval forces he
had no right to take command of the armies
in the field.
Mr. YATES. I do not remembet to have
sieen the decision to which the honorable Sen-
ator refers, but it is not applicable in this case.
It was the understanding of the country, that
Mr. Lincoln had the right and the power, by
virtue of his office as Commatidgr-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy of the United States, in
i person to enter the field and take command of
the Army and the Navy of the United States.
If there was such a decision it was contrary to
a fair interpretation of the meaning of the Con-
stitution of the United States, because how can
a man be Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and Navy of the United States unless by virtue
of his office and the authority thus conferred
by the Constitution of the United States he has
the right and the power to exercise authority
as Commander-in-Chief?
I am opposed to this amendment to give to
Mrs. Lincoln a compensation by way of mere
allowance. I give it to her as a pension as the
widow of the Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and Navy of the United States. An appro-
priation for a pension to Mrs. Grant, were she
a widow, could not more appropriately be
made than to Mrs. Lincoln. It is as a pension
that I advocate this proposition. I am op-
posed to granting an allowance. Such a pre-
cedent would bankrupt this Government. It
would be dangerous ; it would be inexcusable;
it would be trifling with the interests of a great
people. The law is clear. Mr. Lincoln was
either Coinmander-in-Chief of the Army or
he was not. He was at the head of our armies
or he was not. The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States means something or it means noth-
ing. It means that Abraham Lincoln, Presi-
dent of the United States, was General-in-
Chief, commander of the armies of the United
States ; and as such we can allow his widow a
pension without establishing a dangerous pre-
cedent. I care not what may be said with
regard to the petition ; I care not what her
merits may be; this proposition cannot be con-
strued into a dangerous precedent. I hope
and trust that assassination .will very seldom
occur in this country. I hope this is an ex-
ception to the general rule. I hope that there
will not be many more assassinations of Pres-
idents of the United States. I do not think
the precedent to be established by this resolu-
tion will be a dangerous one. I trust that
when it is proposed to allow a pension to tho
widow of the most magnificent man of the age
and the ccnlury, tlie man most loved and hon-
ored of all American citizens, the man belore
whom every head in the civilized world bowed
in reverence and admiration, there will be no
objection on the part of Senators of the Uni-
ted States. I trust that we shall demonstrate,
as the Senator from Indiana says, that repub-
lics are not ungrateful. But, sir, let us not do
it by establishing a dangerous precedent, by
giving to any man or woman an allowance,
but let us give Mrs. Lincoln this sum as a pen-
sion as the widow of the Commander-in-Chief
of the armies of the United States.
Mr. CONNESS. I did not offer the amend-
ment that I presented because I desired to
make any play upon words, or to be the author
of any part of this resolution, if it shall pass.
I did it because I believed that Mrs. Mary
Lincoln should have $5,000 ayear, and because
I believed she needed it. But as the friends
of the measure appear to be disposed to object
to that amendment, and are in considerable
danger of killing the entire thing by debating
it, 1 will withdraw my amendment, announcing
my willingness to vote this sum as an allowance,
as a pension, as a gift, as an appropriation, as
money to be paid to her in any shape, if they
will only let us vote that she may get the
money.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask to have
the letter read.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to hear
that letter read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
To the Honorable Vice President of the United States:
Stk: I herewith most respectfully present to the
honorable Senate of the United States an application
for a pension. I am a widow of a President of the
United State.; whoso life was sacrificed in his coun-
try's service. That sad calamity lias very greatly
impaired my health; and by the advice of my phy-
sician I have come over to Germany to try the min-
eral waters, and during* the winters to go to Italy.
But my financial means do not permit me to take
advantage of the urgent advice given me, nor can I
lire in a style becoming the widow of the Chief
Magistrate of a great nation, although 1 live as
eeonomically as I can. In consideration of the great
