1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6$
40th Cox g.... 3d Sess.
Funding, the National Debt—Mr. Kelsey.
Ho. cxf Keps.'
the conclusion.
And now, Mr. Chairman; though conscious
that I have done but-feeble justice in the analy-
sis of some few of the items in the tariff bills
to be acted upon this session, I mast stop.
There is a limit to human endurance of such
dry topics as I have dwelt upon, and though
surprised by the earnest attention you have
given me, when on a subject so dry, I will not
exhaust that patience by a longer draft upon
it. Read the bills yourselves, members of the
House. Take nothing on trust. Every item
or almost every item in this bill is full of
money, and full of bounties, and full of reflec-
tion. too. Listen not to the rich lobbies that
envelop you, but to your own studies, and to
the interests ot your constituents at home.
The British tariff, the greatest manufacturing
and now the greatest commercial naticua in the
world, has but fifty-five items in it for all the
various branches of business. Tke English
Custom-House Manual for 1867 is a little
pamphlet for the vest pocket, not quite four
inehes long by two and a half in width. Our
American tariff contains some nine hundred
and fifty dutiable articles of drugs and drug-
gists' goods alone, and the whole is a pro-
found study, a vast puzzle. Smuggling and
fraud and corruption have increased under it
to an enormous and frightful extent, and are
daily increasing. Reduction, abolition, is what
ought to be done with the most of it; but here
is increase, increase, and nothing but increase,
proposed. What is bad we are called upon
to make worse, and in nothing to do better.
Will the House, then, assent to all this? I see
some men of my own party, on the Democratic
side, voting with those on the other, the Radical
side, men from Pennsylvania, who think they
must respond to the passion orprejudiceof their
own associates. But, thank God ! I see at last,
some on the other side who, emancipating
themselves from the thraldom of the past, now
vote for the people as a whole, and for the
interests of the consumers of the country.
Let not this matter, then, be mingled with
party politics. Let it be looked at as a ques-
tion of great public interest. Let the farmer
be heard ; let the mechanic be heard ; let the
laborer be heard ; let the man who lives on a
paltry salary be heard ; let all other interests
be heard except these tremendous monopolies
now thronging the Halls of this Capitol and
overwhelming us with their cries for protec-
tion, protection, everlasting and eternal pro-
tection, more and more, louder and louder,
the more we give.
Funding the National Debt.
SPEECH OF HON. W. H. KELSEY,
of new yokk,
Ix the House of Representatives,
January 25, 1S69,
On the bill (II. R. No. 1287) to provide for funding
and paying the national debt and for taxing the
interest-bearing bonds hereaftor issued by the Uni-
ted States, and for other purposes.
Mr. KELSEY. Mr. Speaker, one of the
most important duties that this Congress is
called upon to perform is to establish and set-
tle a financial policy for the Government that
shall be just to the "public creditors and satis-
factory to the people. To do this there must
be no taint of repudiation in any form mingled
with the policy to be established, and it must
provide for the payment of our debt ^within a
reasonable time, just as the public creditors had
a right to understand and believe that it would
be paid when they lent their money to the Gov-
ernment.
There is no subject upon which men have
differed more widely than upon this, and there is
none that requires a more careful examination,
to the end that the best possible system may be
established. The bill passed at our last session,
and which failed to become a law because it
did not receive the sanction of the Executive,
contains some wise provisions, but I doubt very
much whether it is entirely satisfactory to half
a dozen members of this House. Almostevery
member doubtless has e plan of his own that
he deems better than the bill that was passed
within half an hour of the adjournment of our
last session. A careful examination of the va-
rious plans that have been submitted and that
will be submitted may enable us to adopt the
one that is best, or out of these various plans
we may extract the material ifor a system of
finance that will be acceptable to the country.
It is in this spirit and in this hope that I ask
attention to the bill I have introduced upon
this subject. _j
On the 22d of June last I had the honor to
introduce a bill (H. R. No. 1287) to provide
for funding the national debt and for taxing
tl^e interest-bearing bonds hereafter issued by
the United States, and /or other purposes.
Since that time I have revised and amended
it in some particulars, and [now ask the atten-
tion of the House to its provisions, because I
have reason to believe that while it would, if
adopted, establish a financial policy entirely
just toward the public creditors, it would at the
same time give as general satisfaction to the
people who are not public -creditors as any
plan that has as yet been submitted to this
House. A careful analysis, of the bill will de-
termine whether I am right or not on these
points.
The first section of the Ijiill provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and
required to issue registered or coupon bonds
of the United States in such form as he may
prescribe, and of denominations of $100 or
any multiple of that sum, payable, principal
and interest, in coin, at such places in Europe
or the United States as he shall designate, and
bearing interest at the rate of five per cent,
per annum, payable semi-annually, and bear-
ing date so as to require the payment of an
equal amount of the interest quarter yearly ;
such bonds to be payable in fifty years from
date, and to be redeemable in coin at the pleas-
ure of the United States after twenty-five years
from date; to be issued to an amount sufficient
to cover all outstanding or existing interest-
bearing obligations of the United States, and
to be exchanged for such obligations or dis
posed of in such manner and on such terms,
not less than par. as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may deem most conducive to the interests
of the Government; and the said bonds and
the proceeds thereof shall be exclusively used
for the redemption of or in exchange for the
existing interest-bearing securities of the Uni-
ted States.
The second section provides that the bonds
issued under the first section of this act shall
be known as the "consolidated debt of the
United States," and the same shall be exempt
from taxation in any form by or under State,
municipal, or local authority, and the same
and the interest thereon and the income there-
from shall be exempt from the payment of all
taxes or duties to the United States, except
that there shall be deducted and retained in
the Treasury from the interest or coupons of
said bonds at the time of paying such interest
or coupons one half of one per cent, on said
bonds semi-annually as taxes, which taxes shall
be semi-annually, and immediately after they
are so deducted and retained, invested in the
bonds hereby authorized to be issued, and shall,
together with the interest that sh^ll accrue upon
the bonds in which such taxes are invested,
form a sinking fund for the payment of the na-
tional debt, and the sinking fund hereby created
shall be in lieu of the sinking fund provided by
the fifth sectiou of the act entitled "An act to
authorize the issue of United States notes, and
for the redemption or funding thereof, and for
funding the floating debt of the United States,"
approved February 20, 18G2.
The third section provides that whenever auy
bond shall be purchased for and on account of
the sinking fund created by this act it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
cause the same to be legibly stamped, as fol-
lows : " this bond belongs to the sinking fund
of the United States," and the said bond shall
be immediately entered by its date, number,
and amount in a book to be provided by said,
Secretary and kept for that purpose; and, all
bonds so purchased shall be safely k^pt by the
Secretary of the Treasury, and all the interest
accruing thereon shall be semi annually in-
vested in the bonds authorized to be -issued by
this act, and added to the sinking fundcreated
by this act. . - *
The fourth section provides that the several
interest-bearing bonds of the United States al-
ready issued that are redeemable at the plaasure
of the United States, after a certain number of
years from their date, shall at the option of (the
holder thereof be exchanged for the bonds
authorized by this act: provided that such,
bonds as are now redeemable at the pleasure of
the Governmentshall be presented for exchange
within six months after this act takes effect; and
such bonds as hereafter become so redeemable
shall be presented for exchange within six
months after the same become redeemable, and
such exchange shall be made at such .places
and under such regulations as the Secretary ox
the Treasury may prescribe.
Section five provides that the bonds issued
pursuant to the provisions of this act may be
deposited with the Treasurer of the United
States, as security for the redemption of national
bank notes, pursuant to the provisiops of an
act entitled ''All act to provide a national
currency secured by a pledge of UnitedStates
stocks, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof," approved February 25,
1863 ; and after six months from the passage
of this act no other bonds than those author-
ized to be issued by this act shall be received
or held by the Treasurer of the United States
as security for the redemption of national bank
notes ; and in all cases the amount of bonds
deposited with said Treasurer as security for
the redemption of national bank notes shall be
fifteen per cent, greater than the amount of
national bank notes that shall be delivered to
any national bank for issue and circulation.
Section six provides that it shall be lawful
for any number of persons, not less than five,
to establish a bank having a capital of not less
than $100,000, pursuant to the provisions of
an act entitled An act to provide a national
currency secured by .i pledge of United States
stocks, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof, approved February 2a,
1863, by depositing with the Treasurer of the
United States bonds of the United States au-
thorized by this act to be issued, to an amount
exceeding by fifteen per cent, the amount of
national bank notes to be delivered to such bank
by the Treasurer of the United States for issue
aud circulation, and complying with the other
provisions of said act, approved February_25,
1863. except as to the security to be deposited
with the Treasurer of the United States for
the redemption of the circulating notes of such
bank, which security shall be given as required
in this act. , .
The seventh section repeals all provisions
of law inconsistent with this act.
The objects of this bill are so apparent that
it may be entirely unnecessary to attempt to
explain or enforce them. But having the op-
portunity to do so, I will say a tesv words to
prevent any misapprehension or misconstrue-a
tion of my object in submitting this bill for '
your consideration.
First, I desire to reduce the amount of in-
terest we are paying on the national debt. It
is conceded on all hands that we are paying
too much interest. We can certainly borrow
money now upon more favorable terms than
we could when we were engaged In a deadly
