70
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL QLOBE.
[January 25 ~
Ho. of Reps.
Denver Pacific Railway—Mr, Julian.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
struggle with a powerful enemy to maintain
the existence of our Government; and we ought
to do so. In making a new loan for this pur-
pose we ought to fix the terms and time of
its payment and provide the means for its pay-
ment, so that there shall be no misunderstand-
ing as to the terms of the contract and no
failure on the part of the Government to per-
form it.
It is proposed by this bill to issue new bonds,
payable, both principal and interest, in coin, at
five per cent, interest, payable semi-annually,
the principal to be payable in fifty years from
date and to be redeemable in coin af the pleas-*
are of the United States, after twenty-five years
from date, to an amount sufficient to cover all
the outstanding interest-bearing obligations of
the United States. And these bonds are to be
used solely for the purpose of redeeming the in-
terest-bearing obligations of the United States,
either by exchanging the new bonds for old
ones or selling them for money and using the
money to redeem thepresent outstanding bonds.
Great complaint has been made because the
present outstanding bon'ds of the Government
are not taxable by State, municipal, or local
authority, lior by the General Government,
except upon their interest or income.
I shall not stop toshow that the United States
Government can never permit the securities it
issues, when compelled to borrow money, to be
taxed by any authority save its own, and that
it cannot tax them itself without committing a
breach of faith, unless the provision is made
for such taxation in the law that authorizes the
borrowing the money, or at all events before
the lender has parted with his money to the
Government; All this has been demonstrated
so often that it is only necessary to allude to it
here. This bill provides that the bonds we
propose to issue shall be taxed for one purpose,
and for one purpose only, and that is to form
a sinking fund to pay the principal of the
national debt. This tax is to be retained out
of the interest as it becomes due, and invested
in the same kind of bonds, so that the interest
on the sinking fund will be compounded every
six months, and this sinking fund—according
to a computation' matie by a competent and
careful mathematician, which I have before
me—will absorb and redeem the entire national
debt in forty years and nine monthss if the Gov-
ernment shall always bo able to purchase the
bonds for the sinking fund without paying
more than their par value for them. But it is
believed that these bonds will within a few
years command a premium in market, so that
it will require nearly or quite the entire fifty
years that the bonds have to run to redeem the
whole debt.
It may be said that there is no necessity for
taxing the bonds at all; that we might just as
well issue the bonds at four per cent, and ex-
empt them from taxation entirely, and appro-
priate from the Treasury a sum equal to one
per cent, on the amount of the bonds to the
sinking fund. This is merely another way to
accomplish the same object, and not so good
a one as that proposed in the bill. If t he bill
as it stands is adopted, whenever the appro-
priations are made to pay interest the appro-
priations for the sinking fund are iucluded in
them; so that the sinking fund wijl not be
neglected or forgotten, as is very likely to be
the case if any other course is adopted. There
is a law on your statute-books now creating a
sinking fund, but I cannot learn that any
money has been invested pursuant to that law
or that the sinking fund has tangible exist-
ence. It seems to me that the provisions of
the bill will render it more certain that the
law will be executed in all its parts than to
separate the appropriations for interest on the
debt from the appropriations for the sinking
fund.
The' three leading points in the bill are :
first, to reduce the amount of interest the Gov-
ernment must pay; setond,"to tax the bosds
proposed to be issued; and third, to create a
sinking fund that will absorb the bonds and
pay off the entire debt within the time the
bonds have to run.
The question naturally arises, will the hold-
ers of the present securities issued bythe Gov-
ernment bearing six percent interest be will-
ing to exchange them -for the new bohds
bearing five per cent, interest, and subject to a
tax that leaves the holder only four per cent,
of net income? There are several considera-
tions that will have a material influence in
decidingthis question. The length of time the
new bonds have to run will add to their value.
The fact that no question can arise as to how
or in what kind of currency both the principal
and the interest are to be paid will aid in giv-
ing them value in the markets of the world;
and the further fact that they will be the only
bonds that can'be deposited with the Treasurer
of the United States as security for the redemp-
tion of national bank notes will give them ad-
ditional value in our own country, and, it is
believed, will induce the holders of our present
bonds in this country to exchange them for the
new issue. If they should not be willing to
make the exchange the Secretary of the Treas-
ury can sell the new bonds and redeem the old
ones. The removal of the restriction upon the
establishment of national banks, as provided
in the bill, will create a demand for a large
amount of these new bonds to furnish security
for the redemption of their circulating notes ;
and the circulating notes will furnish to the
people a sound currency sufficient in amount
to transact the business of the country and
prevent anything like panic or even pressure in
the money market when we return to specie
payments, which ought'to be done at the ear-
liest practicable moment. But it soetns to me
that the most formidable obstacle to the re-
sumption of specie payments is the fact that
we have no settled financial policy.
I have purposely avoided making any pro-
visions in relation to the funding of the legal-
tender notes, because I think we can resume
specie payments as soon as the present interest-
bearing bonds are provided for1 by a proper
funding policy and the expenses of the Gov-
ernment are reduced to the lowest practicable
point. We shall then have only the legal-
tender notes to redeem in specie, and the peo-
ple will not be anxious for their immediate
redemption, because they will be much more
convenient for use than the specie it.self. Of
course, there must be a'general resumption of
specie payments by the banks and the people
at the same time the Government resumes such
payments. But I do not now propose to dis-
cuss this branch of the financial policy that
should be adopted, and have alluded to it
mainly for the purpose of stating my views as
to what ought to be done with the legal-tender
notes, and to show that the bill proposed leaves
them to be provided for as Congress shall
hereafter direct.
Some policy must be adopted to pay our
national debt. And it would seem that the
wisest and best policy is that which sets apart
from the taxes collected from the people and
securely invests a specific sum every year or
every half year for that purpose.
Denver Pacific Railway.
REMARKS OF HON. G. W. JULIAN,
of indiana,
Ik the House or Representatives,
January 23, 1869,
On the bill (s. No. 570) granting land and the right
of wa.y over the public lands to the Denver Pacific
Railway auil Telegraph Company.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, so much has
been said already on the proposition before the
House that I do not think it worth while to
consume much time in its further discussion.
It comes here from the Senate in a very ques-
tionable shape, and. however honestly drawn,
is certainly open to very diverse interpieta-;
tions. . The right of the road to the subsidy;
a^ked is, to say the least, very debatable, and
the importance of the bill in other respects
demands for it the most careful consideration
and yet the bill has never been sent to any
committee of this House. It is taken from the
Speaker's table for action without the custom-
ary reference and report, and in disregard of.
the well-settled and wholesome usages of this
body; and I propose, therefore, if the oppor-
tunity shall offer, to move the reference of the
bill and its various amendments to the Com--
mittee on the Public Lands.
But the measure is now before us for action,'
and I desire, in the first place, to say a word
on the general subject of land grants in aid of
railroads. I do not agree with my colleague
[Mr. Holman] and the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washborne] in their hostility to all
such grants. I think they forget the whole-
some duty of discrimination. Neither com-
mon sense nor a regard for the true interests
of the country will warrant their wholesale op-
position to such legislation. I have recently
been much interested in the facts and figures
of Commissioner Wells on the subject ot rail-
way extension, and the able speech of the gen-
tleman from Minnesota [Mr. Wikdoji] on the
same subject, showing that our foreign immi-
gration increases in the ratio of our railway
extension; that our exports and imports in-
crease in the same proportion, as does also our
domestic trade; that the settlement and popu-
lation of our western States and Territories
obey the same general law, thereby increasing
production and supplying the means of paying
our national debt; and that railway extension,
as shown by our military commanders, is the
true and only solution of our Indian problem,
which is costing us so many millions.
These are very pregnant facts, and they call
for a liberal policy on the part of Congress to-
ward railroad enterprises. Under proper re-
strictions I would grant them public lands, and
this House has already decided that these re-
strictions shall be such as I have proposed in
the amendment I offered to this bill the other
day, namely, that the lands shall be granted on
the express condition that they shall be sold
to actual settlers only, in quantities not greater
than one quarter section to one purchaser, and
for a price not exceeding $2 50 per acre. This
will avoid the complete monopoly of* the lands,
as sanctioned by the old system of land grants,
and at the same time devote to settlement and
tillage the odd-numbered sections granted,
while creating in this way established commu-
nities and a local business along the line of the
road. This, sir, is the true policy; and the
whole land grant system of our country will be
repudiated by the people, and ought to be re-
pudiated, unless it shall be made to conform
to the conditions I have stated.
A word oniy, Mr. Speaker, on the question
of subsidies. I do not think our financial con-
dition justifies these expenditures in addition
to subsidies in lands. I believe, also, that the
most important of these enterprises will be
carried on without such aid. They will con-
struct themselves; and the gentleman from
Minnesota admits this, as to the Northern
Pacific railway, in concluding his argument in
favor of aiding it by the Government. Dur-
ing the railway period of thirty years, ending
with the year 1865, we have built in the
United States annually an average of eleven
hundred and fifty-six miles, and since that
year, and including it, the average of miles
annually has more than doubled. Last year
we built twenty-five hundred miles, and the
work does not promise to slacken. Commis-
sioner Wells estimates that the gross earn-
ings of our roads pay for building r.hem in a
little more than four years. Who believes, in
view of the energy and spirit of adventure of
