204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
Now, Mr. President, as has been stated by
the advocates of this bill, it is supported upou
tbe ground that the Constitution, by its express
provision, requires that when property is taken
for public use just compensation for it shall
be made. The honorable Sen&tors on the
other side of tbe Chamber who oppose it, led
Srincipally by the Senator from Michigan [Mr-.
[oward] and the Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Frelikghuysen,] assume that this ex-
press provision ot the supreme law of the land
is met and overruled by implication and deduc-
tion from the law of nations ; and the honor-
able Senator from Michigan read from Vattel,
a very able writer upon public and national
law.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to correct the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky. I did not cite
Vattel; I did not deem it necessary to cite
V-attel for any purpose. I read a passage or
two from Chancellor Kent.
Mr. DAVIS. What I assert is that the prin-
ciples upon which the Senator relies for the
defeat of this bill are embodied in Vattel in
discussing the laws of war between nations
who are at war. And here is the substance
of what he says, in a very few words, to which
I ask the honorable Senator's attention :
"When the sovereign or ruler of the State declares
war again?t another sovereign it is understood tbat
th© whole nation declares war against another nation,
for the sovoroign represents the nation and acts in
the name of the whqlo society."
That is not analogous to our case, because
ia this country there is 110 sovereign but the
people:
" -And it is only in a body andin hor national char-
actor that one nation has U> do with another. Henco,
thebo two nations aro enemies, npd all (he subjects
01 tho one are enemies to all the subjects of tho
other. In this particular custom azid principles aro
111 accord.
Lncmics continue such wherever they happen to
bo. iho placo oi abode is ot'no consequence hero.
xtn1®! 10 P°btical tioa which determine the character.
While a man continues a citizen of his own cou&Hiy
ho ia tho enemy ot all tho>o with whom his nation is
^at war. But wo must not honoe conclude that these
enemies may treat each other as 3ucU whenever they
r happen to meet." * * * * t  *
fcjmco women and children aro subjects of tho
btate and member of the nation they are to bo
ranked in the class of enemies." * * * *
Aua wim 1 expect to imngs the caso is the same
aa witli respect to por<sons; things belonging to tho
enemy continue such wherever tbey arc.
Novr, Mr. President, here is a succinct state-
ment ot the laws of nations that govern the
subjects or the citizens of different countries
that are at war with each other. If the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan dissents from
either of the principles stated in Vattel, as I
have read them, I will pause to give him an
opportunity of declaring his dissent. I there-
lore take it for granted that he does not dissent.
Some of the gentlemen who have opposed this
bill have relied upon by quoting Vattel. I
concede^ that it the laws of mttious have any
application to the case under consideration
those laws are correctly embodied in Vattel as
I have read; but I deny that they have any
application to this case.
The honorable Senator from Michigan lias
repeated y announced himself in about these
terms • that Miss 8ue Murphey and every citi-
zeu ot Alabama and ot all the southern States
111 rebellion who remained within the borders
o their respective States after the commence-
ment 01 the war of rebellion were enemies of
the united States; that they were so to be
treated in their persons and in their property;
that just the same principles of law which
would apply to British subjects, if the United
Stales was at war with England and would
regulate tho property and persons of British
subjects^would apply without any exception
or qualification, after hostilities commenced
between the insurgents in the southern States
ana the united States Government, to the per-
sons and property of the citizens of the States
where the rebellion prevailed.
Now, 1 ask the honorable Senator's attention
to a historical fact, and to a principle neees-
• <u .1.1 spiingmg out of it. During tbe war of
181i! Michigan was a Territory of the United
States, wj>ft within the boundary of the United
/
States, and was as much the Territory of the
United States as the State of Ohio, although
the one was a State and the other a Territory.
In August,'1812, the Territory of Michigan was
conquered by the arms of England, and 011 the
16t,b of September that conquest was consum-
mated by the sutrender of Hull and tbe taking
possession of the entire Territory, with very few
exceptions, by General Brock, who commanded
the English armies. Now, 1 put this question
distinctly to the honorable Senator: when
Michigan was thus conquered by the British
arms was Michigan enemy's territory ? Were
the citizens of the Territory of Michigan in its
then subjugated and conquered condition ene-
mies of the United States?
Mr. HOWARD. I will answer the honor-
able Senator when he has finished his remarks,
unless he desires an answer now. I do not
wish to interrupt him.
Mr. DAVIS. The course suggested by the
honorable Senator, being his pleasure, is en-
tirely agreeable to me.
Mr. President, I will proceed to the legiti-
mate reasoning from the premises and princi-
ples of the honorable gentleman and his coad-
jutors in opposition to this bill. There is no
law whatever that will make Sue Murphey and
the citizens of Alabama enemies to the United
States except national law. The gentlemen
have argued again and again that the applica
tion of national law in this respect is the same
to citizens of the United States who are in a
state of insurrection as it would be to the sub-
jects of Spain, Great Britain, or any other
Power, if our country was at war with them.
Now, let ua reason what would be the effects
and consequences of this principle? By their
premises, when Michigan was conquered by the
British arms it became enemy's country, and
every person resident in it and remaining in it
after the conquest assumed the character of an
enemy to the United States. The law upon
which they rely is stronger than that. It lays
down that when two peoples or two nations
are at war the citizens and subjects of each are
mutually enemies wherever they may be resi-
dent. Then, according to the principles relied
upon by the honorable Senators and their logic
from them, upon the conquest of Michigan in
1812 by the British arms, that Territory became
enemy's country and subject to the British
power. Following up their principle, that being
enemy's country, every person in it, according
to the position assumed by the honorable Setia-
tor from Michigan, who remained there, would
by the operation of the law of nations become
an enemy to the United States, and tbe persons
and property of these enemies of the United
States resident in Michigan would be subject
to the national law,and consequently the British
authorities could at once proceed to the confis-
cation of all the property of the people of Mich-
igan who remained within the boundary of that
Territory after the British arms had taken pos-
session of it.
Now, Mr. President, what would result from
these principles? General Cass, who was then
a colonel in the United States service, was a
citizen of Michigan. He became a prisoner,
if i recollect aright, by the surrender of Hull.
He did not change his residence from the city
of Detroit. It continued to be his home. Ac-
cording to the premises and principles of the
honorable Senator, General Cass was then a
resident of enemy's country, and was himself
an enemy of the United States. Is any man
within the sound of my voice prepared to make
so monstrous an application of the principles
of the laws of nations which do not apply except
to sovereign, independent nations that are at
war with each other?
Let us pursue the argument of the honor-
able gentlemen a little further. The honor-
able Senator from New Jersey, if I mistake
not, and other gentlemen have contended
broadly, unqualifiedly, without restriction or
condition, that the laws of nations applied to
the case of the late rebellion. Letus examine
what this application would lead to. Here
was General Thoaas, a citizen of the State of
I Virginia, in the military service of the United
' States Government, one of the ablest, military
I men that has been exhibited to the'country by
j the operation of this war. At the time that
| he was serving the Uuited States in obedience
to his allegia'nce to them and his "Oath to Sup-
port the Constitution, atid to discharge his
duties as a military officer, what power, accord-
ing to the argument and the premises of the
honorable gentlemen, could Congress have
exercised toward General Thomas? What
toward President Johnson? What toward
Mr.. Justice Wayne, (if the Supremo Court?
At the time that Thomas was fighting the
battle of Mill Spring; at the time he was
fighting the battles of Franklin and of Nash-
ville, and planning the campaign which re-
sulted in the glorious victories of Lookout
Mountain and Missionary Ridge, which cam-
paign originated in his military mind, accord-
ing to the position and principles of the honor-
able gentlemen he wasan enemy to the United
States. If the principles of the laws of nations
apply to the case he could have been, and was,
nothing else. Congress then might have passed
a bill to disrobe him of his unilorm and epau-
lets, to take the sword from his side which he
had borne in bloody batties to glorious vic-
tories. They might have passed a law expel-
ling him from the country, and forfeiting, ac-
cording to the military law, what property he
had that Congress or the military authorities
could seize
Here was President Johnson, a citizen of a
seceding State, whose convention had passed
an oidinance of secession. After that had
taken place, and that State was deeply involved
and one of the most effective parties in the
form of States in thi3 war of the rebellion, the
party now in power and that insists upon these
monstrous doctrines selected him as its candi-
date for the Vice Presidency and elected him
to the office and placed him in the line of con-
stitutional succession which resulted upon the
death of President Lincolu.
Mr. Justice Wayne was a citizen of the State
of Georgia. He refused to follow in the course
which his State led aud to abide the fortunes
of that State. He acknowledged his higher
allegiance to the United States. He therefore
refused to go into Georgia or the southern
confederacy, and he remained here as a mem-
ber of the Supreme Court, performing with
ability and fidelity the important duties of that
illustrious office, as he had done from his ap-
pointment under General Jackson.
Now, Mr. President, if tbe office-seekers, if
tbe men who worship the spoils of victory, if
tbe men who wish to get possession of tiiem,
had desired it, if the men who wanted to de-
pose Andrew Johnson from the position of
President of the United States which he held,
according to my principles, as constitutionally
and with as immovable a tenure as that office
was ever filled, bad desired to carry out their
principles and to have given them practical
operation, they would have passed a law ban-
ishing General Thomas, banishing Andrew
Johnson, and Justice Wayne from the States
within the Union lines and confiscating their
property; and in that way they would have
vacated all those high offices. These conse-
quences follow inevitably as logical sequences
iroin the premise of honorable gentlemen that
this is a state of case regulated not by the
Constitution of the United States, but by na-
tional law. In my judgment, the honorable
gentlemen cannot get away from this maze of
monstrous difficulties in which their positions
would necessarily involve them.
■No.w) I ask the honorable Senator from
Jlichigan—and 1 intend to ask him several
other questions; of course he will answer them
in his own good time—I ask him if before the
rebellion commenced Alabama was sot apart
of the United States?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. Was it then enemy's country?
Mr. HOWARD. No. * J
_ Mr. DAVIS. No; nor never. When did
it become enemy's country? Wae it by tbe
