1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1247
general importance, and it is a bill that will lead
10 discussion. But the Senate has been engaged
tins morning in the discussion of a question that
will go out to an enlightened world as broad
as the telegraph and means of printing go. We
are discussing no less a question than whether
we shall provide in a suitable manner for the
widow of a martyred President, the name of
whom when mentioned moistens every eye
around this Senate. It seems to me thatduring
tile discussion of this most important question
it is entirely improper to attempt to put it over
and substitute for it a bill for the building of a
private market-house in the city of Washing-
ton, in the passage of which afewiodividualsat-e
concerned for the purpose of making money.
It seems to me that there is a rule of order and
conduct that rises above the written rules of
this House which should control the action of
honorable Senators on this occasion. I appeal,
therefore, to the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut not to stop this discussion on the eve
of a vote for the purpose of substituting for
the measure under consideration a bill for the
building of a market to sell meat in in the city
of Washington. That, sir, will attract no gen-
eral attention ; but I repeat, the debate that
has been going on, and to which I have listened
with a good deal of interest, and the mention
of the subjectof which isengrossingin my mind,
is a matter that will attract notice the world
over. To putitaside bya beef-stallseemsto me
to be out of all kind of propriety in the Senate
of the United States. I ask, therefore, the
honorable Senator to let us vote upon the ques-
tion of whether we will give this pension to
Mrs. Lincoln or not, and have it out of the way.
Mr. THAYER.. I only rise to remind the
honorable Senator from Iowa and the honor-
able Senator from Maine that one Senator near
the Senator from Iowa—I mean the Senator
from Vermont—and at least one or two on this
side, have informed the Senate that they propose
to discuss this market bill at length.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; I beg pardon. I
thought the Senator from North Carolina [Mr.
Abbott] alluded to thepension bill, and I said
I had objections to that which I wish to have
an opportunity of expressing.
Mr. THAYER. I misunderstood the Sen-
ator; but I have heard others express the in-
tention of discussing the market bill. There-
fore I rose to ask why take it up if it is to lead
to discussion ?
Mr. GRIMES. Simply because it is in our
way, and we must trample over it in Order to
get at the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. THAYEK. We can reach the Indian
appropriation bill by voting down the market
bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us vote down the
market bill, and then proceed with the pension
bill.
Mr. FERRY. I desire to say one word, as
an appeal has been made specially to me by
the Senator from Nevada, who seems more
anxious for the consideration of what is done
here going out and attracting attention than for
doing our simple duty here as Senators of Hie
United States. All I want to do is to do that
business which has been committed to me,
and which is in my charge. The people of the
city of Washington have been suffering for
forty years from the rude, disgraceful, and
inconvenient market place which they possess.
The pressure of the business of this great
empire prevents Congress from giving to the
District of Columbia that attention which the
Constitution requires it should give to it. We
have had a single evening this session. We
have arrived at the very eve of a vote on this
question. I believe it is our duty to finish it
by a vote. How it shall be decided is to me a
matter entirely immaterial. I shall be satisfied
with having discharged my duty and brought
the business in my hands to a conclusion by
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the market-house bill,
upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 19 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Chandler, Conkling, Con-
ness, Davis, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden, Fowler,
Grimes, Howe, Kellogg, McCreery, McDonald, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson of New
Hampshire. Riunsey. Rice. Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sher-
man, Tipton, Van Winkle, Viekers, Wade, Welch,
WiUey, Williams, and Wilson—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cattell, Cole,
Corbett, Freiinghuysen. Harris, Howard, Morgan,
Morton, Nye.Pomoroy.Pool, Spencer,Stewart, Sum-
ner, Thaver, Warner, and Yates—19.
ABSENT—Messrs, Bayard, Cameron, Cragin,
Dixon, Doolittle, Drake. Harlan, Henderson, Hend-
licks, Norton, Osborn, Patterson ot Tennessee, Rob-
ertson, Ross, Sprague, Trumbull, and Whyte—17.
So the motion of Mr. Ferry was agreed to.
washington market company.
Tlie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(S. No. 752) to incorporate the Washington
Market Company is before the Senate, and the
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. IIesdricks,] to postpone the bill
indefinitely.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the appropriation
hill. I voted for the motion of the Senator
from Connecticut with that understanding.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from Connecticut agrees, if this bill leads to
discussion, to lay it aside and let us go on with
the appropriation bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We adjourned last
evening while the yeas and najs were being
called, there being no quorum. I submit that
that vote must be finished before any motion
can be made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is informed by the Chief Clerk that the motion
is to recommit the bill, and not to postpone it
indefinitely.
Mr. WILSON. The yeas and nays were
ordered yesterday and there was not a quorum
present, and that defeated all action. It comes
up now as an original question. 1 desire to
proceed with the consideration of the Indian
"appropriation bill, and voted to take this up
with that, purpose.
Mr. FERRY. I ask what is the question?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I believe
when the yeas and nays were ordered and were
being called that call is to be finished before
any other motion is in order.
Mr. CONKLING. What were the yeas and
nays being taken on?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On the
motion to recommit this bill to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Several Senators. No ; on its indefinite
postponement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The record
does not show that. I was not in the chair at
the time, butthe Journal shows that the motion
was to recommit the bill to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. FERRY. That was not the motion.
The motion was made by the Senator from
Indiana to postpone the bill indefinitely.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Journal
shows differently.
Mr. FERRY. The Journal ought to be cor-
rected, then'.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
corrected it that is the sense of the Senate.
Mr. FEKRY. The motion of the Senator
from Indiana was to postpone the bill indefi-
nitely; and so the Globe states.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the yeas
and nays will be called.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk
will call the roll on the motion to postpone
indefinitely.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cole, Conkling, Corbctt
Freiinghuysen, Grimes, Harlan, Harris. Morgan,
Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson of Tennessee,
Pomeroy, Pool, Stewart, Sumner, Tliayer, Van Win-
kle, Warner, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Cattell, Conness, Cragin,
■Davis, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden Fowler, How-
, Kellogg, McCreery, McDonald, Morril 1 of Maine,
ard.
Morton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Ramsey, Riee,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer,
Tipton,Trumbull, Viekers, Wade, and Yates—28,
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Chandler, Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, Hendnclii, Hen-
derson. Howe. Norton, Osborn, Koss, Sprague, Welch,
and Whyte—16.
So the motion to postpone indefinitely did
not prevail.
Mr. MORTON. I move to suspend the
order of business for the purpose of taking up
the House bill for the repeal of the temire-of-
office act; and I will state in a few wovds the
reason why 1 make that motion now. If that
bill should be passed with the amendment
which has been proposed by the Committee
on Retrenchment, we know that the Pres-
ident is committed by his former action to veto
it; and if it shall be passed as it came from
the House, an unconditional repeal of the
tenure-of-officeaet, and the passage of it should
be within ten days before the end of the session,
it is not improbable that the President may
withhold his assent and not return the bill, and
leave the tenure-of-offiee act as a legacy'to the
incoming Administration.
Now, sir, I think it is a matter of great
political importance that this bill should' be
acted upon within a day or two. So far as the
appropriation bills are concerned they will
pass—we know that—and they will not be
vetoed. So far as the present bill, the one
now pending, is concerned, I perhaps shall
vote for it. I do not know how that may be ;
but it is out of no hostility to the bill that is
proposed by the Senator from Connecticut that
I make this motion. I make it because I am
satisfied that if the bill for the repeal of the
tenure-of-office act is allowed to drag for per-
haps another day it will be lost. It has been
allowed to drag too long already. The bill was
passed by a very strong majority in the Hotise
of Representatives, and I think the Senate
should act upon it without further delay. I
thetefore move to suspend the present order
of business for the purpose of taking up that
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
and seconded that the present bill be post-
poned for the purpose of taking up the bill to
repeal the tenure of office act.
Mr. FERRY. I trust that this motion will
not prevail. I believe, from the discussion
which took place last evening, and the amend-
ments which were then put upon the pendiug
bill, that no more time is required for finishing
this bill than to take a vote upon it. One or
two nam^s have been suggested to nie to be
struck out of the list of corporators and others
inserted in their place, and that is all the
amendment that I know of that remains. The
question can then be taken upon the bill by
yeas and nays, and it disposed of.
And now let me state to Senators a reason
why this bill ought to be definitely acted upon.
I will be very brief.
The citizens of Washington have suffered
long; the appearance and good name of this
city have suffered long; the very reputation
of the nation has suffered from the unsightly
and disgraceful condition of the market-place
in this, the capital of the country. The Gov-
ernment of the United States will not remedy
this evil. The city of Washington, which
some say ought to own the market-place, will
not, because that city is to-day $1,500,000 in
debt; its bonds are selling in the street at
from seventy-five to eighty cents on the dollar,
and it is impossible for the municipal corpora-
tion of the city to take charge of the work.
It must be done, if done at all, by private
enterprise, suitably guarded and under the
control of the municipal authorities. The bill
has been prepared with great care. It leaves
the matter substantially under the control of
the municipal authorities, so far as the regula-
tion of the market is concerned; and that
which really interferes now with the adoption
of this bill is the intervention of other private
interests, which desire to establish another
private corporation to build up a market-place
in another locality; whereas, in this city, for
a general market there is no place so conven-
ient as the present one, where the great lines,
the maiu lines of horse railroads through the
