1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IX:
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Denver Pacific Railway—Mr, Stevens.
Ho. of Reps.
our.people and the manifest fact that these
enterprises pay, that large subsidies in money
are necessary to keep them alive ? Who
does not see, in the enormous profits of the
Union Pacific road and the frightful monopoly
which is sure to follow, reasons for withholding
like aid to kindred enterprises? We need, to
be sure, competing lines, and we shall have
them, subsidies or no subsidies. No legisla-
tion or failure to legislate can prevent it. I
heartily wish we were now able to aid this and
other projected lines to the Pacific, and thus
quicken and hurry forward the energy and
progress which are the sure attendants of rail-
way extension, as I have already said. I wish
we were financially able to be as liberal and
as lavish to all our great roads as we have
been to some. The misfortune is that we are
not, and I think our duty is to confess it, and
to trust to the spirit and enterprise of our peo-
ple and the evident tendency of railway de-
velopment to go forward of itself rather than
to continued subsidies in the present greatly
burdened condition of our Treasury.
Denver Pacific Railway.
SPEECH OF HON. A. F. STEVENS,
of new hampshire,
Ix the House of Representatives,
January 25, 1869,
On the bill (S. No. 570) for agrant of land and grant-
ing the right of way ov<rr the public lands to the
Denver Pacific railway, and for other purposes.
Mr. S I'EVENS. Mr. Speaker, in the investi-
gation of this subject, which involves the ques-
tion of granting additional aid to the Union
Pacific railway, eastern division, I have sought
to derive the information which is to guide my
action from sources at once disinterested and
responsible. 1 have listened with great interest
to the debate on this floor. I have heard the
fierce and violent denunciation against the
measure uttered by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. washbukne] and the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. van xru.mp.] I have heard the
measure opposed on the ground of unconsti-
tutionality and on the ground of extravagance.
Having been reared in a school which recog-
nizes the power of the General Government to
aid the great work of internal improvements,
and belonging to a party which illustrated its
devotion to that policy by inaugurating and
maintaining asystem of Pacific railroads, even
in the midst of war, which are to unite the
interests and the civilization of the continent in
bonds of iron, if not of steel, 1 have nothing
to offer in response to the former objection
except my general dissent to a doctrine which
may be considered as antiquated and out of
date, useful only to som« ancient politician
seeking a sensational or short-lived notoriety in
the revival of an old political heresy contem-
poraneous with State rights, nullification, and
the "resolutions of '98." To the latter, as a
practical question of the highest moment, of
the greatest importance in our present condi-
tion, and never to be lost sight of, even in the
midst of prosperity, I accord the highest regard
and consideration. If this is a measure of
extravagance it cannot have my support. I will
go further, sir, and bring it to the test of a
severer criticism. If it is not a measure of
economy it shall not receive my support. And
it is in the light of this protestation, earnestly
and sincerely made, that I propose very briefly
and succinctly, I trust, to discuss this bill.
It is very evident that much of the heated
and declamatory denunciation indulged m by
gentlemen in opposition to this bill has no
bearing, even in its terms, upon the corporation
which seeks aid at our hands. There is auother
corporation, known as the Union Pacific rail-
road, on which gentlemen have expended a vast
amouut ef vituperation, and which, if it was
capable of being annihilated by words, high-
sounding and defiant, would not have survived
the early stages of this debate. I was greatly
stirred by the earnestness of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Van Trump] in this particular.
I had listened with the most considerate at-
tention to the charges' so ardently enunciated
by the gentleman from Illinois, and was, I con-
fess, somewhat disappointed to find his phil-
ippics directed principally against a corpora-
tion not benefited by this bill, and whose road
is a hundred and fifty miles further north.
Then eame the gentleman from Ohio, to
whom I listened with attention; and when I
heard hitfl pouring the hot-shot of his fiery
indignation into some imaginary and soulless
monster I drew nearer in order to get a glimpse
of the victim, and found it, not the party
provided for in this bill, but the same terrific
and monstrous production of opr former legis-
lation, the Union Pacific railroad. Now,
sir, I have little to say in this connection
about the Union Pacific railroad. If it has
any interest in this bill it has an interest to
defeat it, for that defeat would give it a prac-
tical and permanent monopoly in the transit
of our commerce and travel across the conti-
nent. If the gentlemen from Illinois and Ohio
had been the special advocates of a railroad
monopoly across this continent, I know of no
way they could have discharged their office more
efficiently than by the identical opposition they
have made to the passage of this bill. What-
ever else their remarks tend to promote, whether
it be the true interpretation of the Constitution
or the interest of economy, one thing is most
apparent, that they are particularly the ardent
advocates of a gigantic railroad monopoly.
It needs no enlargement of statement or argu-
ment to prove this. If this bill does not
pass, and the Kansas branch of the Pacific rail-
road is suspended in its extension, the com-
merce of the continent is at the mercy of the
corporation which these gentlemen so earnestly
denounce. That is the result. If they were
tie feed advocates of this mammoth serpent
that winds its inevitable coil along the valleys
of our western rivers and through the gates
of the Rocky mountains they could not have
struck a better lead or more effectually urged.
the establishment of a gigantic monopoly over
the widespread region which separates the two
great oceafis.
Mr. Speaker, I have said that the railroad
which had drawn down the lightning of these
invectives is not the beneficiary of this bill.
Let us take a look at the map of our western
domain, and see what is in fact the subject of
controversy. If we spread out before us the
map of our western possessions we shall find a
line of railroad reachiug from Chicago, on
and near the parallels of forty-one and forty-
two degrees, westwardly through Omaha, in
Nebraska, to Salt Lake City, the laud of Brig-
ham Young and the Mormon, thence to unite
with the Central Pacific railroad coming east
from Sacramento, and when united forming a
continuous line from the Missouri to the Pa-
cific ocean. That is the Union Pacific railroad
about which all this noise has been made, and
which stands as the common target of the
gentlemen from Illinois and Ohio.
Cast your eye down the map till it reaches
the parallel of St. Louis, in Missouri, and you
will see a line of railroad stretching westerly
from that city to the western border of Kansas.
That portion within the State of Kansas is the
Union Pacific railway, eastern division. That is
the corporation which to-day asks the aid of
yonr legislation. These roads at. the nearest
point are some one hundred and fifty miles
distant from each other. The lower road is
completed nearly to the western border of
Kansas, and its construction has been sus-
pended for want of funds.
That want of funds arises not from any fault
of the corporation, but from the policy which
allowed a change of location without fixing the
limits to which fche loans of the Government
should extend. This railroad stands rectus in
curia. It has violated no law. it rests, in all
its operations, under the sanction of your own
law, and its actions have been confined within
the terms of the statute passed by Congress.
It asks you now to lend the aid of the Govern-
ment to extend it fifty-four miles further, and
to a point known as Cheyenne Welis, from
which it is to deflect to Denver, in Colorado,
whereitunites with the Denver Pacific railway,
thus making a line which will tap the Union
Pacific railroad at or near Cheyenne, near tho
one hundred and fifth meridian. It asks, how-
ever, no grant of land. We are not by this bill
to tear from the public domain the valuable
slopes of the Eocky mountains or their fertile
summits, which my friend from Illinois rates
at three dollars per acre. I hope, sir, he will
never be obliged to inhabit them long at,any
price. The bill asks and proposes no addi-
tional grant of land; but it does ask of the
Government a loan of $16,000 per mile to
enable the corporation to make this connec-
tion, amounting in all to $860,000.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this is a large sum, not
so mueh indeed as the Government agreed to
pay for the'transportation of the mails across
the continent for one short year, but still a
very considerable sum; a sum 1 do not pro-.
pose to grant or vote unless demanded by the
best interests of the Government and the strict-
est economy. Now, sir, I want to look at it
in the light of the public welfare and economy.
It seems to be admitted on all hands that with-
out this loan of the credit of the Government
this road must stop where it is. If we do not
assist it it can go no further. What has been
the experience of the past in relation to the
opening of this avenue of transit? I want to
call in here the authority whose testimony I
invoked at the outset of rny remarks, the dis-
interested and responsible witnesses whose
observation, character, and experience give
weight to their words. If I antagonize the state-
ments of my friend from Illinois with that of
any of his distinguished friends I must appeal
to the records as my justification. But I will
venture to call a gentleman whose word is soon
to become law, and who, if he has no policy
of his own, has at least a mind of his own, and
pretty clearly expounds this question of aid
to the Pacific railroads. Let us hear General
Grant:
"During the last summer and summer before, I
caused inspection to be made of the vari<uis routes of
travel and supply through the territory between tho
Missouri river and tho Pacific coast. The <ost of
maintaining troops in that seciion was so enormous
that I desired, if possible, to reduce it. This I have
been enabled to do to some extent from the inform-
ation obtained Ironi these inspections, but for the
present the military establishment between the lines
designated must be maintained at a great cost per
man. The completion of tho railroads to the Pacific
will materially reduce this cost, as well as tke num-
ber of men to be kept there. The completion of those
roads will also go far toward a permanent settlement
of oar Indian difficulties."
The gentleman from Illinois says the rail-
roads have set the Indians to fighting. General
Grant says their extension will give us peace.
Well, sir, I will ask the House to listen to the
opinion of another gentleman who has never
disagreed with his distinguished chief since the
latter started from Vicksburg in 1863. Says
General Sherman on this subject:
"Tho completion of this road during the present
year to Fort Lyon would be a most important event
to the military interests of that frontier, and the com-
pletion of the other braneh (Denver branch) to coal
and wood would also bo most important to all the
interests along tho valley of the Smoky Hill, cluefly
so to us who have to guard that line and provide for
the wants of the nee.\ssary garrisons It seems to
me that we can, with great propriety, recommend to
Congress at its presentsession to extend their subsidy
to tuis company at the present rate tor twn hundred
and fifty nril"S more, ihe aggregate amount being
$1,000,000 iu bonds. Thi-road h a military necessity."
And by a singular coincidence another gen-
eral, who is having some such experience with
