1248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
city converge, thus accommodating the poorer
classes to the utmost extremity of the city in
going to and from the market.
For forty years the city h,as_been waiting for
this improvement. As I said last evening,
efforts, I know, when I was in Congress be-
fore the war, were being made, and they were
hampered and thwarted by just sueh individual
opposition as.has been created against the
present bill. And if this session passes over
without the passage of this bill the structure
continues as it is, and it .will continue as it is
until some private corporation, with its char-
ter of incorporation, suitably guarded by act
of Congress, shall undertake the erection of a
suitable structure. This bill is mose carefully
guarded, especially since the amendments
whioh have been put upon it, than any other
act of incorporation for similar purposes that
I ever saw; and the absolute necessity for the
comfort of this rapidly-growing city of the
enactment of such a law seems to me to be
entirely apparent.
We ought to do that which is our duty to
this District and to the people of this city,
because they have nowhere else to go. If we
eould throw the responsibility from off our
shoulders, if ws oould create for them a legis-
lature which could enact charters of incorpo-
ration and allow enterprises like this to pro-
ceed, it would be a different thing; but here
they have to come, and. here year after year
and session after session their interests are
expelled almost from the consideration of
Congress, and naturally so, by the enormously
increasing business which rises up from all
parts of this great nation. I entreat the Sen-
ator from Indiana to let us have a final vote
upon this bill, which it has now almost
reached.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, before this
question is taken I should like to say a word.
The bill relative to the tenure-of-oflice act was
reported by me from the Committee on Re-
trenchment with certain amendments, and I
have tried, with the approbation of the com-
mittee, four or five times to get it to the atten-
tion of the Senate. I have antagonized it, as
the modern Senatorial phrase is, against two
or three measures without sueccss, and have
had it up once by good fortuno during the morn-
ing hour, when it was discussed a littlo. I am
desirous, and the committee who have reported
it are desirous, that it should be fairly con-
sidered and speedily acted upon. Whatever
may be the individual views of members of the
committee as to how far we ought to go in the
direction that the House has gone, all are desir-
ous, so far as I know, of a fair discussion and
prompt action. At the same time the commit-
tee would a little prefer, before the Senator
from Indiana takes charge of that bill and takes
it out of the hands of the committee, to be
consulted according to the common courtesies
of the Senate. If the Senator has become
satisfied that the committee are acting in bad
faith respecting any bill in which he takes an
interest, and feels therefore justified in moving
it, whether the committee are ready or not
ready, and without even mentioning the subject
to any of them, then he would have a good
justification for the course he has pursued, but
a fair degree of propriety would have required
him to say so, so that the committee might
either plead guilty or not guilty to the charge.
As it is, I hope the Senator will permit the com-
mittee for a day or two longer to have charge
of the bill, and help us get it up immediately
after the appropriation bill of my friend from
Maine is disposed of. I had intended as soon
as that was disposed of to try once more to
get it to the attention of the Senate and to have
it then on the docket, so that it would continue
from day to day until it should be acted on.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I do (not
want to take charge of this bill. I have cast 110
imputation on the committee, nor do I intend
to do so, but perhaps ,the Senate ean judge
from the tone of the remarks of the Senator
from Vermont whether he is vei;y anxious to
have this bill-taken up aad acted on. I suppose,
Mr. President, that it is-the light of any Sena-
tor on this floor, if there is a bill in which he
feels an interest and in regard to which he feels
that the time has almost gone by when it can
be acted upon, to call it .up, and to do so with-
out any disrespect whatever to other Senators
who may have had more connection with the
bill than lie has.
This bill came from the House of Represent-
atives four or five weeks ago. I do not know
how long it remained in the committee, but I
believe the committee reported it back to the
Senate some two or three weeks ago. If there
has been any continuous or systematic effort
to get the bill up and have it passed I am not
aware of it. It may have taken place when I
was not here. I do not want to take charge of
this bill at all, or take it from the hands of the
Senator from Vermont; but I understand that
if this bill is not acted on within a day or two
it will not be acted upon this session. I want
General Grant to come into the administration
with his bands untied. I have confidence that
he will endeavor to conduct the administration
upon honest and economical principles. I do
not want him to be hampered by a bill that
was passed for special reasons, that the Senate
do not feel to bo applicable to General Grant.
Now wc have a chance of saying what we are
going to do. If we shall refuse to take up this
bill, if it shall.be allowed to drag as it lias been
allowed to drag, the present session of Con-
gress will expire without the tenure-of-offiee
law being repealed or modified. I am sure the
Senator from Vermont does not desire that,
and yet he must know that that will be the
effect. He asks that it shall be allowed to pass
on now for a day or two. How many days can
it be passed over with any reasonable prospect
of action during this session? Does he want
it to pass over until the amendment, modifica-
tion, or total repeal will come within the entire
control of the President of the United States?
I think the action upon this bill should not
be postponed at all. The appropriation bills
will be acted upon. There is no danger of a veto
so far as they are concerned. They arc always
acted upon. If they are put off to the last week
they can be acted upon. So far as this market-
house bill is concerned I do not underrate the
arguments as to the importance of it urged by
the Senator from Connecticut, but as he says
the thing has gone on for forty years, and as it
is now at the very heel of the session, it can
go on for two or three days longer without very
great, detriment to the city. But the bill I am
speaking of has peculiar political importance
and significance. It is just in a situation to
be lost by a delay of two or three days.
Mr. M011R1LL, of Maine. The Senator
from Indianawill not suppose that I mean any
disrespect when I say that this motion of his I
regard as very extraordinary under the circum-
stances in which the business of the Senate is
placed. A motion is made here midway in the
completion of an appropriation bill, which by
the orders of the Senate and the usages of the
Senate has precedence, as wo all know, to dis-
place it, to enter upon the discussion of a bill
known to that Senator, as to tho rest of us, to
be likely to induce general discussion. The
answer to that by the honorable Senator is that
everybody knows the appropriation bills will
pass, and that they may pass if they are post-
poned to the last week. I should bo very glad
if I eould believe that that were true; but my
experience in this body does not authorize me
to come to any such conclusion. There arc
four weeks of honest labor in the preparation
and the passage of those bills. Sir, it is not
a slight consideration, a matter of very little
importance, a matter of indifference, for the
Senate of the United States to pass upon the
appropriation of ยง300,000,000 of the people's
money ; and when the committee of this body
having charge of the appropriation bills which
involve these expenditures from the public
Treasury, the diaft of money to this extent
from the public Treasury, urge these bills, I
submit that we are not to be told that they
can be put aside, and that to-morrow or next
day or nest week or the last week of the ses-
sion will, do just as well. It will not do, sir,
allow me to say. In the spirit of economy, to
the Senate I say that will not do. All the im-
portant bills for the appropriations of the next
year are yet to be considered; and now in the
midst of one of these important bills the prop-
osition is to turn it aside, to interrupt it, and
to proceed with the consideration of a bill of a
political character, as we are told, the debate
on which may be endless.
I submit, therefore, sir, that the business
order of the Senate justifies me in appealing
to the Senate and to its judgment to ask that 1
be permitted to finish this appropriation bill
to the end that the committees haviug the
appropriation bills in charge may proceed in
the execution of their duties to the considera-
tion of other bills. With this understanding I
voted that the bill now before the Senate might
come up, with the express understanding with
the honorable Senator from Connecticut that
if it involved discussion I should be permitted
t,o move to proceed to the consideration of the
bill which was the order of the day and the
unfinished business when we took a recess
yesterday, with a view of finishing it to-day;
and I submit now to my honorable friend from
Indiana whether he thinks it quite fair to the
Committee on Appropriations, charged with
these duties, to interpose a bill which ruy hon-
orable friend well kuows is very likely to
occupy no considerable portion of the time of
the Senate. I submit that the proposition of
the Senator from Vermont is a fair one. We
shall close this appropriation bill to-night, I
hope ; I do not doubt it. This is the only bill
that I have in the Senate at the present mo-
ment, or will have, perhaps, for a few days.
Then there will be ample time to call up the
bill in which the Senator from Indiana takes
so much interest; and I understand the Sen-
ator from Vermont to say that to-morrow lie
will very gladly cooperate in that movement. L
therefore feel justified m appealing to my
honorable friend from Indiana to withdraw Ins
motion and allow me to make a motion 10 post
pone the question now before the Senate ami
proceed to the unfinished business when the
Senate took the recess yesterday. Of course
I cannot make that motion now unless the
honorable Senator from Indiana should feel,
under the circumstances, that he ought to with-
draw his motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate is evidently
to-day not in a humor to do business. We
have wasted here two hours and will probably
waste a few minutes more in discussing the
order of business. That has been the course
from the beginning of this session to this hour.
I have never during my brief experience here
seen the public service in the condition it is at
the present session. All important legisla-
tion is crowded into the last week. 1 have no
doubt the shadow of the coming session has
probably caused it to some extent; and in
other respects it has been caused by a disre-
gard of the ordinary rules which govern tho
business of the Senate. With the consent of
the honorable Senator from Maine, the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, who
knew that at the end of the session we should
be crowded with his appropriation bills, pri-
vate bills, to say the least, of very doubtful
character, have crowded off the most import-
ant legislation from other committees. For
instance, the bill to grant a subsidy to the
Central Branch Pacific railroad occupied four
days of the session to the exclusion of all
public business. Day after day the most im-
portant legislation was crowded aside by votes
of the majority of the Senate to take up bills
of a private character which could not and did
not pass, and which were finally defeated by
the majority of the Senate. The result is that
now at this period of the session we have still
all the important legislation to be acted upon.
I have reported from the Committee on Fi-
nance, and tried to press upon the attention
of the Senate, three or four public bills in
which I had no possible interest, but which
