n%
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 25,
Ho. of Re£S.
Denver Pacific Railways-Mr. Loa'gkrid'ge.
40ti-i Cong....3d-Bess.
the hostile tribes of theplains and mountains
as General Jackson had with the Creteks be-
fore railroads were in operation ifr Tennessee,
gives us his opinion in about as distinct and
terse language as we heard froifc New Orleans
before he was relieved from that command.
General Phil; Sheridan tells us:
"X know that pecuniarily it would be to the ad-
vantage of the Government to help this road: cer-
tainly as far-as i'ort Wallace, and also to FortLyfcn.
But, in addition, it almost substantially ends oiir
Indian troubles by the moral effect which it exer-
cises ov.er the Indians, and the facility which it gives
to the military.in controlling them. -No one, unless
he has personally visited this country, o£n well ap-
preciate the great assistance which this railroad gives
to economy, security, and effectiveness in the admin-
istration of military affairs in this department."
And a communication from General Scho-
field, Secretary of War; in a letterto Senator
Drake, in July last, enters more largely into
the reasdns for this aid to the lower road. He
s&ys': 4
"In reply to your communication of July 2, re-
specting the Union Pacific r&ilway, eastern division,
in which you desire to know the wishes of the War
department as to the proposed extension of Govern-
ment aid to that road as far as Cheyenne Wells, I
have no hesitation in recommending the proposed
extension.
M By reference to a letter from General Sherman to
General Grant, dated March 4,1868, now before Con-
gress, it will be seen that a much greater aid is rec-
ommended than that now proposed, and that the road
is spoken of as a! military necessity.
"No man could be better able to judgeof this mat-
ter than General Sherman, and i have no hesitation
in indorsing his opinion.
" I believe near Cheyenne Wells is the most east-
erly point where a temporary depot for the supplies
destined for Port Lyon and the posts beyond can bo
made so as to conveniently subserve the military in-
terests.
"Abundant #ater and forage at that point make it
more suitable than any other point further east for
such depot, while the distance (about forty miles)
from Fort Wallace to Cheyenne Wells will be saved
in wagon transportation of supplies.
" The proposed extension appears to be a measure,
of economy to the Government."
i add also the letter of General Hancock,
Written to the Secretary of War in July last,
in which he says :
"J have the honor to state that from my knowl-
edge of tho facts concerning this road—which is prob-
ably as intimate and extensive, and, as regards act-
ual experience, in some respects more minute as to
details than that of those who havo spoken favor-
ably of the enterprise—I feel at liberty to offer the
weight of my testimony in a few words, believing
that the interests of the Government maybe bene-
fited thereby. I commandod the department of the
Missouri last year, during an Indian war, and from
ray personal experience, obtained while I waffon the
plains, with respect to the transportation of troops
and supplies by the railroad m question, as well as
its great importance in connection with tho settle-
ment of that country, I feel that I can speak in
strong language as to the necessity of this road being
extended as rapidly as possible." * * * *
"I consider any assistance given by the Government
to this enterprise as most wisely and advantageously
applied."
No person can fail to see in the light of this
evidence that the most potent and imperative
reasons are here adduced for the relief asked
for in this bill. Public welfare, "the industry
of these newly-settled regions, the cessation
of Indian hostilities, and public economy, all
demand the prompt passage of this measure.
This testimony is general, though to my
mind conclusive. Still there are no figures such
as all political economists demand as the basis
of their action. Let us, therefore, see if we
can gather any light from a comparison of
expense between tho old system of travel in
these western wilds and the new one inaugu-
rated by this extension of railroad facilities.
Fortunately we have official evidence on this
branch of the subject also. On the 25th of May,
1868, the honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred a letter from
the Secretary of.War, inclosing a letter of Lien-
tenant General Sherman, dated March -A, 18G8,
recommending Government aid to extend the
Union Pacific railway, eastern division, as a
military necessity and a measure of public
economy, submitted a report unanimously con-
curred in by the committee," a portion of which
I'read: •
"That they have carefully considered the state-
ments therein made, and havefoundthemconfirmed
by, the following facts, drawn from official reoprd.
The cost to the Government for transportation on
the Union Pacific railvvay, eastern division, in 1867,
wae : $511,908 24
If the military supplies had been wag-
oned and the mailscarried bystageand
thetroopsmarched.(taking the average
rates at which the Government madeits
transportation contracts for that year,-
as shown by certificates of the depart-
ments of the Quartermaster General and
Postmaster General,) the cost would '
ha^e been  1,358,291 06-
Saving to the Government in 1867  $846,382 82
" At this rate of saving all the United States bonds
issued in aid jof this road, principal and interest,
would be extinguished in less than four years.
"These are the results of the use by the Govern-
ment of the finished portion of the road fti Kansas
in the last year.
." In regard to the extension of the road beyond the
point in Kansas at which its subsidy ends, the com-
mittee find that there are three regiments of troops
in New Mexico, (two of infantry and one of cavalry,)
nearly all of the supplies for which are wagoned
from the end of the Kansas Pacific railway at a cost
of $1 28 per hundred pounds per hundred miles. At
the present freight rates of the railway; as shown by
their printed schedule, the saving in transportation
on these supplies to'Albucjuerque, on tho Bio Grande,
a central distributing'point in New Mexico, would
be per annum $851,880. W*o have ascertained that
the additional saving to the Government in the
transportation to Albuquerque of the mails, troops,
andlndiansupplieswould-fce $231,992. Totalannual
saving, $1,083,872.
"But there is another consideration of economy in
the pfctblic expenditure as the result of constructing
the road. 'Lieutenant General Sherman has testified
that* one half of the military force in New Mexico
could be dispenaed with if the road was constructed,
owing to the great mobility of the remainder and
the growth of self-protecting settlements on the line
of tfee road. 4 As his estimate of the cost of maintain-
ing the two regiments of infantry and one of cavalry
was about four million dollars a year, the committee
find that an additional saving to the Government of
$2,000,000 annually would thus be effected by the
road. This saving, added to the saving in the trans-
portation of thediminished military force thatwouid
be: left in New Mexico and of the supplies to main-
tain them, including thp carriage <jf tho mails and
Indian goods and supplies, would, in less than six
years, reimburse tho entire Toan necessary to extend
the road from its present terminus to the Rio Grande."
Now, a calculation of the difference per
annum"in the expense on the fifty-four miles
to which this loan would apply, made on the
basis of the foregoing facts and figures, shows
the following result. I quote from the remarks
of the honorable gentleman from Kansas, [Mr.
Ci.,aivke,] made in this House during the dis-
cussion of this bill. He says :
"If this bill docs not pass there will be more
taken from the Treasury next year, and every year
thereafter, by $94,000 than heretofore, and I chal-
lenge a contradiction of the fact. Last year the
Government transportation on route No. 2, beyond
tho present end of the track to New Mexico, as
stated by General Easton, of the quartermaster gen-
eral's department, was over 20,000,000 pounds, or
10,000 tons. The above 10,000 tons carried over the 54
miles for which this hiil grants aid would cost, at
the railroad tariff, 10 8-lU cents per ton per mile,
which would arnouut to §58,300. The United States
mails carried over the same distance at contract
rates by railroad, $150 per mile per annum, amounts
to$8,10U.
" The United States troops carried last year num-
bered 0,225 over an average of 173 miles of road,
equivalent to 2,092 taken to the end of track, which
is 400 miles. The cost of transportation of these
troops on the 5-1 mi les to be constructed would amount
to *12.123. Total amount of Government transport-
ation on the 54 miles, $78,523, of which the Govern-
ment would pay the railroad company under the
present law but one half, or $39,262.
"Now, if these supplies should continue to be trans-
ported by wagons over the 54 miles, thy mails car-
ried by stage, and the troops marched, I estimate
the cost as follows: Governmentfreights, 10,000 tons,
at 28 4-10 cents per ton per mile, $153,360; United
orates mails, at b243, per mile per annum. $13,122.
Ihe saving by transportation of 2,692 troops by rail-
road is estimated at one third the cost of inarehinsr
tho said troops; so that this saving would be one
half of $12,123, or $6,062. From this statement the
following facts are shown: the total cost under the
present system would be 8184,667. If the railroad
were! constructed the actual outlay of the Govern-
ment would be $39,l62. The yearly retrenchment on
existing Government business over this 54 miles
/w!3® f!4o,40o. Total aid in Government bondn,
$864,000. Interest at six per cent., §51,840. Yearly
saving to the Government over the interest, $93,565;
which would wipe out-the entire principal of the
Government loan in less than eight years, leaving
for the twenty-two years thereafter, until the bonds
mature, $93,565 vearly to the Government of the
United States. This sura placed at interest by the
Government wtmld yield over five million dollars by
the time the bonds will become due. It is with such
facts as these with which I oppose the inaccurate
statements of the gentleman from'Illinois."
Mr. Speaker, upon those facts I am so con-
fident of the merits of this proposition that I
am amazed, after a full'examination, to find it
opposed, not by facts and arguments, but by
accusation and declamation. I am persuaded
that the demands of the public and military
necessity of this measure have been over-
slaughed by the general clamor against the
policy o'f subsidies. But this is an independent
and well-recommended measure, and as such
shall receive my conscientious support under
the demands of that public policy which is so'
well established by the evidence I have read
in the hearing of ihe House.
Mr. Speaker, I have been accustomed to
bring to the consideration of questions arising
here and on which I am called to act a fearless
and independent judgment. While I am against
the policy of granting, large subsidies in the
present condition of our finances I am not to
be drawn from the support of an isolated, mer-
itorious measure like this by any general clamor.
The interests of the Government must be sus-
tained, and there is i-n this case an array of
proof conclusive upon this measure as one of
economy alone. I feel, sir, that if I were to
vote against this bill in the light of the evi-
dence which I have read I should be derelict
and false to the just demands of the public
welfare. This is not an original question.
The extension of this road is called for by the
necessities of the Government, by military
necessity, by the dictates of economy. I know
there may be an honest difference of opinion
among members on the merits of this measure,
but it is one upon which every gentleman must
vote under his own convictions of duty; and,
guided by the investigation which I have been
enabled to make, I give my support to the pro-
visions of this bill in the full and conscientious
belief that the public welfare imperatively de-
mands that we should make the pending meas-
ure an exception to that policy which denies
any further ai,d to our Pacific railroads.
Denver Pacific Railway.
REMARKS OF HON. W. LOUGHRIDGE,
of jowa,
In the House of Representatives,
January 25, 1869,
On the bill (S. No. 570) for a grant of land granting
the right of way over the public lands to the Den-
ver Pacific railway, and for other purposes.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I should
really almost despair of anything like economy
in the expenditures of the Government by this
Congress if I thought there could be any prob-
ability of the passage of this bill in the form
its passage is asked for by its friends upon the
floor. I regard this as one of the most bare,
bald, and inexcusable attempts to deplete the
Treasury for private gain that I have ever
known; and I say this without any personal
feeling in the matter, and after having care-
fully listened to the speeches—1 cannot say ar-
guments—made by its friends in its advocacy.
Sir, what is the case made out? We have
sat here, the Representatives of the people,
and heard the claim of this railroad com-
pany to this $864,000 of additional subsidy,
and now it is for us to say, representing the
interests of the people and as the guardians of
the Treasury, whether the claimants have made
out such a case as will justify us in adding that
amount to the already crushing national debt.
Gentlemen cf experience and of talent have
advocated the claim, and if there were any
