1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
were matters of the highest public importance
common to all, and yet I have not been able
to get a vote upon a single one of them, and
now almost despair of doing so.
Under t,he circumstances I feel bound to
secure from the wreck what is most important.
I have made up my mind for more than a year
past that the tenure'-of-officebill operates inju-
riously to the public service. I believe it pre-
vents the collection of the revenue ; that it has
been one of the moving causes for much of the
fraud in that branch of the public service ; I
have made up my mind to vote for its uncon-
ditional repeal. I shall therefore vote at all
times to take up that bill, as among the most
important measures to be acted upon. Next,
and perhaps preceding that, I shall vote to take
up the constitutional amendment, and mature
that. That certainly ought to be passed upon
as soon as possible.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will permit
me,it is notmany daysagothathevoted against
my effort to call up the tenure-of-office bill, and
in favor of a measnre of his own.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did vote against taking
up the tenure-of-office bill in the morning hoar,
when the Senator must have known it could
not have been acted upon ; when it was impos-
sible to obtain a vote upon it; when the .Sen-
ator knew it was impossible on that morning
to get a vote without crowding off another
measure that had been previously debated. ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. What was the other
measure'?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have forgotten now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the Senator will
find, if he will look at the Journal, that on that
very day to which I refer the measure first up
had the docket for the whole day, and I stated
expressly in the debate on the order of busi-
ness that I desired to get that bill up, and
felt obliged to put it against the measure my
friend wanted to get up. But it seems my
friend then had not become so deeply impressed
with the necessity of hurrying it as he is now.
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is, that
when the Senator called up the tenure-of-office
bill it was during the morning hour, and there
was a bill pending; but I will not state pos-
itively. At any rate, I have always been will-
ing. and desire as soon as possible, to vote on
the tenure-of office bill, and to vote for its
unconditional repeal.
Now, sir, even if the misfortune should be-
fall the country that the appropriation bills,
for the first time in the history of the country
when the same party has control in both
Houses, should not pass at the present session
of Congress, we shall have a session commenc-
ing on the 4th of March. If any business is to
go over to the next Congress it will be determ-
ined by-Representatives fresh from the people.
I prefer that the appropriation bills should fall
rather than the tenure-of-office bill, the con-
stitutional amendment, and other important
measures that have been debated.
I therefore shall vote to give the Senator
from Connecticut a reasonable opportunity to
pass his bill, the merits of which I know little
or nothing about; but if he cannot pass it with-
out occupying too much time; if there is so
much opposition to it that he finds it impos
sible to pass it, I shall then vote (o take up the
tenure-of-office bill. In the mean time, I think
the Senator from Connecticut, having got,his
bill before the Senate, ought to have an oppor-
tunity at least, to present it and to have a fair
vote for or against it. Then 1 shall undoubtedly
vote to take up the tenure-of-otlioe bill and the
constitutional amendment, and get them out
of the way, leaving the appropriation bills to
take their chances together with all the other
multiplied business of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to ask
the Senator a single question. I wish to know
whether I understood the Senator to say that
on a former occasion I neglected to call up the
appropriation bills to give an opportunity to
take up another bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no; what I said was,
that the Senator had voted with a majority of
40tu Cong. 3d Suss.—No. 79.
the Senate to displace the most important pos-
sible subject of legislation to take up a private
bill, such as the Central Branch Pacific rail-
road.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like the
honorable Senator to specify the bill which I
voted to antagonize that against.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it was the currency
bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think it was
the air-line railroad bill. That is my recol-
lection of it precisely. I did vote against 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
which gentleman is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I believe I have
the floor. Mr. President, it is true that I did
vote to displace the bill which the honorable
Senator had charge of to take up the bill to
which he refers. If the honorable Senator
thinks that is a justification for now declaring
that he will vote to postpone all the appropri-
ation bills of this session—for the honorable
Senator says he will vote to take up next the
tenure of-office bill, then the constitutional
amendment, and then he will allow the appro-
priation bills to take their chances—if the hon-
orable Senator is inclined to take that position
before the country, I congratulate him for his
courage and fortitude. '
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have been sitting
here—I was about to say very patiently, but I
cannot say that with truth—rather impatiently
this morning hoping to get a chance to vote on
some business matter. We have spent two
hours or more in discussing questions of pre-
cedence, and now it has got into the condition
and the form of a personal jar as to what mem-
bers have been doing heretofore and what they
design to do hereafter. As I am tired of this
kind of thing and see no chance of its ending,
and as the minds of honorable Senators seem
to be in a very great heat on these very im-
portant questions of precedence that have come
up this morning, I think we shall not get any
further to-day, and I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to amend that
motion by saying "until seven o'clock."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask for the
yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator yield
to a motion to go into executive session ?
Mr. POMEROY. We cannot adjourn, but
only take a recess under the order which has
been adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. At the request of sev-
eral gentlemen, as it is now almost three
o'clock, if it is agreeable to them, as we can
do nothing in open session and have some-
thing to do in executive session, I will take
the liberty to withdraw ray motion and make
a motion to proceed to the consideration of
executive business, in the hope that we may do
something there if we cannot here.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. At four o'clock the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate took a recess until
seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION,
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock p. m.
credentials.
Mr. DRAKE presented the credentials of
Hon. Carl Schurz, chosen by the Legislature
of Missouri a Senator from that State for the
term of six years from the 4th of March next;
which were read, and ordered to be filed.
william b. toosey.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 900.
The motion was agreed to,: and the bill
(S. No. 900) granting a pension to William B.
Looney, of Alabama^ was read a second time.
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the In-
terior to place on the pension-roll, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of William B. Looney, of Ala-
bama, late a scout in the service of the United
States, and to pay him at the rate of fifteen
dollars per month, to commence on the 1st
day of July, 1864.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read tile
third time, and :
otis hemenway.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 901.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 901) granting apension to OtisIletcenway
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It is a direction to
the Secretary of the Interior to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and lim-
itations of the pension laws, the name of Otis
Hemenway, late a private in company H, tenth
regiment Veteran Reserve corps, and to pay
him a pension at the rate of twenty-five dollars
per month, to commence on the 17th day of
November, 1865.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
j. r. callahan.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 902.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 902) granting a pension to J. R. Callahan,
of Chariton, Iowa, was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is a direction to the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of J. R. Callahan, of Chariton, Iowa, who
was a volunteer serving with the first regiment
of Ohio volunteers in the war of 1812, and to
pay him a pension at the rate of eight dollars
per month, to commence on the 1st day of Jan-
uary, 1869, and to continue during his natural
life.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
horace peck.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 903.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 903) granting a pension to Horace Peck,
of Charlton, Massachusetts, was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Horace feck, of
Charlton, Massachusetts, and to pay him a pen-
sion at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
commence on the 24th day of May, 1862, and
to continue during his natural life.
The bill was reported "to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
BENJAMIN T. RAISES
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 904.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 904) granting a pension to Benjamin T.
Raines, of Indiana, was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is a direction to the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Benjamin I'. Raines, of Indiana, late
a private in Captain Branhara's company, one
huudred and tiuh rtgmieut Indiana militia, and
to pay him a pension at the ratts of fifteen dollars
per month, to commence on the 14th (i«y of
July, 1863.
fhe bid wa- reported to the Senate* ordered
