1869.]
40th Cong....3d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGPwESSIQNAL GLOBE.
73
Denver Pacific Railroad—Mr. Logan;
Ho, op Reps.
sound claims or good reasons I have no doubt
they would have been brought to our notice.
But I must say, with all due deference to its
advocates, that I have heard no one good,
sound, sensible reason in support of this sub-
sidy.
What is this ease? The Government, with
a great stretch of liberality, in 1862 granted to
this company subsidy amounting to $.16,000 a
mile, and every alternate section of land for ten
miles on each side of the road, to build their
road from the Missouri river at thetnoutbof the
Kansas, and to unite with the Union Pacific
at the one hundredth meridian of longitude.
In 1864 Congress, with a still farther stretch
of liberality, authorized the company to place
a first mortgage upon the road for $16,000 a
mile, to take precedence of the Government
Ken, which act they, of course, took advantage
of to the last dollar. In 1866 this company
applied to the Government for permission to
change the route of their road, for some reason
best known to themselves, and this was also
granted. Butthe law especially pro vided that
the company should be entitled to only the
same amount of subsidy that they would have
been entitled to had they connected their road
with the Union Pacific at the one hundredth
meridian, the distance being ascertained to be
three hundred and ninety-four miles; and it
further provided that the company should con-
nect with the Union Pacific at some point not
more than fifty miles west of the meridian of
Denver.
Now,after having received all the subsidy they
were granted, they come and ask in this bill for
an additional subsidy for fifty-four miles. Why
grant a subsidy for fifty-four miles to Cheyenne
Wells and no further? The same reason that
would j ustify it to CheyenneWells would require
it clear through to the point of intersection
with the Union Pacific railroad, and the rea-
son would seem to be stronger; for the further
out they get the nearer they are to the " poor
Indian," who at this time seems to be a god-
send to these railroad lobbyists.
Sir, what kind of a showing does this com-
pany make to us and to the country of its dis-
position of what it has already received with
such lavish hand ? It has received already—
In subsidy ..  $6,303,000
By first mortgage, in cash  6,303,000
Two million five hundred thousand acres
of as fine land as lies in America, unless
they themselves are trying to deceive
the people, worth  $6,250,000
$18,836,000
This is what they have received and have
either expended or have in their possession.
Their right under the law to subsidy terminated
at three hundred and ninety-four miles, and
they have built the road live miles beyond the
point where their subsidy ceases by the present
law. The company has made no showing here
of the cost of that four hundred and five miles
of road, as they could have done, as they ought
to have done—ay. sir, as they would base
done had they presented here a just and equit-
able claim for this fifty-four miles additional
subsidy. They have the figures, the aetual
outlay and expense; and yet, although it has
been charged upon this floor that the company
has received vastly more than the road actu-
ally cost them, and have pocketed the surplus,
yet not one word do we hear from them on this
point. We can tell nothing of it from the con-
tracts, for the contractors are the owners and
controllers of the road, and they could gauge
their'contracts to suit the interests of the
company.
It is computed by the Government engineer,
Jesse L. Williams, that eleven hundred and
ten miles of the Union Pacific road cost an
average of §34,821 the whole route. This in-
cludes the portions of the road where the com-
pany received $32,000 and $48,000 per mile,
the grades being heavy. It is therefore rea-
sonable to conclude that the four hundred and
five miles of this road through Kansas has not
actually cost more than $25,000per mile, which,
I doubt not, is a liberal calculation. How,
then, does the account stand ?
Amount of cash received by the company ...$12,606,000
V slue of lands at $1 25 per aere    8,125,000
J15.731.000
Cost of fouT hundred and five miles of road,
at $25,000 per mile,   10,025,000
Leaving in company's hands..
$5,706,000
But putting the cost as high even as $28,000
per mile, and the account stands thus:
Received by company cash..
Lands   
..112,606.000
.. 3,125.000r
$15,731,000
Cost of road, at $28,090 per mile   11,240,000
Leaving- in hands of company .-. $4,494,000
of which $1,360,000 is in cash, and $3,125,000
in what they call the finest lands iii America,
and rated at the very low price of $1 2-5 per
acre, many of them actually worth twenty-five
to fifty dollars per acre, and I have no doubt
the entire lands for the first four hundred miles
average a Talue of three dollars per acre.
Now, sir, with this surplus in their hands,
this company by their spokesman upon this
floor, the gentleman from Pennsylvania, tells
us with apparent Candor, to use his own lan-
guage, that this "great highway of nations,"
this "great thoroughfare between eight hun-
dred million people in Asia and two hundred
millions in Europe, has been constructed by
the company and ends nowhere, and now it
wants fifty-four miles of subsidy to enable it to
finish the road up to Cheyenne Wells;" that
if this is given the road will be carried to Chey-
enne Wells, and that by so doing we will se-
cure to the Government three hundred miles
from Cheyenne Wells to Denver without sub-
sidy, and the reasonable conclusion is that if
this fifty-four miles of subsidy is not granted
this great world's highway will fail to Connect
at Cheyenne Welts.
Now, sir, almost any American citizen of
reasonable sense would naturally inquire why
cannot the company take this surplus they
have in their hands, over and above what the
four hundred and five miles cost them, and
build the fifty-four miles with that, and then
have enough surplus left to give every director
ih the road a reasonable compel enee ? At least
they will have plenty of good lands left, where
they can go to work like the mass of our con-
stituents and earn an honest living, if they
cannot make a living off a road already built
and given to them by the Government.
And again, sir, the inquiry naturally sug-
gests itself: supposing that this company had
got no surplus of assets, if they can build a
road from Cheyenne Wells to Denver, three
hundred miles, without subsidy, why can they
not build this fifty-four miles in the same way ?
Why must the failure to get this fifty-four miles
of subsidy stop this mighty enterprise?
Sir, they can build it. They have the money
to build it, and they intend to build it. But it
would, of course, be very agreeable on their
part to have a gift from the Government of
$860,000. It is worth struggling for.
But, sir, I cannot permit myself to fear that
the demands of this company will be complied
with in this respect. Of one thing I am cer-
tain : the toiling millions of the people, the
common people of the nation, they who have
saved it by their sacrifices of treasure and of
blood, and who by their toil are supporting it,
have their eyes upon this Congress. They de-
mand economy ; they demand that the voting
of their money to rich railroad corporations
shall cease; and, sir, a political death that
knows no resurrection will be the destiny of
those of us who shall not heed their demands;
i and so it ought to be.
| Gentlemen may, when they get into position,
I boast that they care not for ''popular clamor;"
but if what is meant by "popular clamor" is
the voice of the people, then he who is not in-
fluenced by it or who disregards it is, in my
opinion, unfit for a legislator in a free country,
where the voice of the people should be the
law of the land.
DenTer Pacific Railroad.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN A.%OGAN,
of illinois,
Ix the House ow P„t;prese\*tatites,
January 25, 1369. . . -
The House having under consideration the bill
£& No. 578) for a grant of lands granting the right of
way over the public lands to the Denver Pseifie
Railway and Telegraph Company, and for othep pur-
poses— ,
Mr. LOGAN said:
Mr. Speaker : I do not know that I will be
able to throw any additional light upon the
proposition now before the House, bat will be
very glad if I can obtain the attention of mem-
bers-while I .refer briefly to the law heretofore
passed in reference to this railroad, as well as
reply to some of the remarks of gentlemen who
again advocate a further subsidy for the same.
I must confess, sir, that I was surprised at
some of the remarks suomitted to the House
the other day by the two gentlemen from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Covode and Mr. Keiaey. ] It
seems to me that all that has been said by these
gentlemen and others on that side of the ques-
tion was an attack on the opponents of the bill
designed to draw attention away from the main
points in discussion ; not that we have or do
now oppose the extension of railroads, but that
we were clogging the advance of civilization
and the development of the great resources of
this country. To them let me say that 1 allow
none to be in advance of myself in a desire that
the civilization of this age should extend every-
where, and that the great hidden wealth and
resources of this country should be rapidly
developed; and in all proper legislation for
that purpose, not onerous or oppressive to the
masses of the people, that will not create cer-
tainly greater liabilities on the General Gov-
ernment. I am, and will be at all times, ready
to join them. Viewing this measure, however,
in a different light, I hope they will pardon
me if I cannot go with them to the extent that
they claim we should. For, sir, in all the
argumentswhich gentlemen have madein favor
of this subsidy they have failed to give one
solitary reason addressed to the intelligence
of this House why the subsidy asked for by
this bill should be granted. It is not a ques-
tion of the advance of civilization—it is uot a
question of the development of the great re-
sources of this country ; but the question before
this House and before the country is this : can
this road of fifty-four miles, covered by this
bill, be built at all by this company without
the aid of the Government of the United States
in the manner in which it is asked to be ap-
plied? They ask us to increase the public
indebtedness to the extent of $16,000 per mile
as subsidy to this railroad.
The question, then, is this: is it neeessary
to the advancement of the interests of the
country that the aid asked by this bill should
be granted, or can the object sought be accom-
plished without this aid? I contend that it
can ; that the company is amply able to com-
plete this road to the point mentioned (Chey-
enne Wells, fifty-four miles) without such ad-
ditional aid as is now asked.
This Government has already given a sub-
sidy to this road of land and money , and with-
out intending any attack upon individuals or
upon any person connected with this road or
any other road allow me to say here to the
House, from the reading of the laws passed by
the Congress of the United States, taken in
connection with the action of the company,
