298
THE OONGEBSSIONAIi GLOW
January 12,
days expired, every person who then; adhered
to the Government of the United States and
continued to adhere to it to the close of the
war was a friend by construction, in fact, and
every way to the Government of the United
States, and must be so treated. .
Mr. BUCKALE.W. Mr. President, I regard
the transaction of the taking of this lady's
property as being in the nature of a forced
loan, and the argument of the question to be
precisely that which would apply to an acknowl-
edged case of forced, loan, made by our Gov-
ernment, or mads by .officers of our Govern-
ment, upon a peaceful citizen of the United
States. Wft have had, fortunately, little occa-
sion in this country to consider questions of
forced loans. They are common questions
throughout Spanish America. My attention
in former years was directed to them from the
accident of my residence in one of the Spanish
American republics. I bring, therefore, to
this debate very strong feelings, as well as
convictions, with reference to the real question
involved in this bill. I bring feelings of strong
opposition and antipathy to the pretenses upon
which such loans are coerced by Governments
from their citizens : and I have been able, so.
far as reasoning is concerned, to convince my-
self that i can vote for this bill without com-
mitting myself to a principle which will charge
upon the Government an inconvenient and
unreasonable amount of pecuniary obligation.
Itia to be remembered throughout this de-
bate that wc have not here a case of an injury
to a citizen resulting from some military oper-
ation merely. The injury was not an incident
to the bombardment of a town. It was not an
injury which resulted merely from the march
of an army over the soil, over the possession
(if a citizen. It is not to be classed with any
of those incidental consequenecs which follow
from the currying on of military operations in
time of war. It is distinct from all those cases
in the fact that here was a military order set-
ting apart particular private property for mil-
itary purposes, followed by an inquisition or
finding by a military board of the taking of the
particular property, and of its value) and
more than that, a decision by the general in
command in the particular district that this
property ought to be paid for by the Govern-
ment of the United States, and a recommend-
ation by him that the engineer department
should pay for it according to the award which
hud been found.
In the cose which was before us from Vir-
ginia at the last session, the case of Mr. Segar,
we refused to vote an appropriation of public
money to the payment of his claim upon the
report of a committee. I for one resisted the
passage of the measure as itwas first presented
to us. I think it is not to be permitted that
committees of the Senate and of the House of
Representatives, upon ex parte affidavits, or
upon statements of claimants made before
them, or upon both these grounds, should
make reports which, without any sanction or
further showing, are to be adopted by Congress.
In that case the bill was amended. Instead of
paying the demand of Mr. Segar we referred
the subject to the Court of Claims for investi-
gation : and I think that ought to be considered
a rule to us in all cases where we have no
other guarantee for the amount of damages or
the auionnt to be paid than the mere report of
a committee. In the very nature of things it
is impossible that our committees can examine
cases of this kind and intelligently and fairly
pass upon them, and give us the grounds upon
which we can safely base votes appropriating
the public money. For one I shall protest
against throwing upon our committees the as-
certainment of how much money is to be voted
upon claims against the Government as a gen-
eral rule, for only one side is heard, or can be
heard, before them. The reasons which ob-
tained in instituting the- Court of Claims for
the investigation of demands upon the'Gov-,
eminent were sound. Those reasons are of as
much force at this moment as they were when
that court was established. Therefore, in all
ordinary case's, -I should refuse to vote foi* the
passage of bills of this character involving
appropriations of money from the public
Treasury upon the mere report of a committee.
The reasons for resisting such appropriations
are most imperative. I said they were as strong
now as they were when the Court of Claims was
established. Sir, they are infinitely stronger.
It is more necessary now than it was upon any
former occasion in any former year that gen-
tlemen in Congress should maintain a firm
position against attempts to throw upon our
committees the investigation and decision of
these claim cases, where we have, and can
have, in the nature of the case, no guarantee,
except the report of a committee, that the
amount of money which we vote 13 a just and
proper sum, and that all the grounds upon
which it is based are such as should commend
themselves to our judgments.
But in the present case, as I have already
stated, we have regular action by the military
authorities in appropriating this property, an
assessment by them at the time and upon
the spot of the amount of injury inflicted, and
an approval of the general in command of the
district or place of that assessment, with a rec-
ommendation by him that the amount should
be paid. Now, sir, upon precisely such grounds
as those, so far as the investigation and allow-
ance of Claims are concerned, millions and
millions of money have been paid to private
parties during the war and since the war, and
it seems to me that this case when it came into
the Senate, instead of being sent to the Com-
mittee on Claims, should have been sent to the
Military Committee, and should have been re-
ported upon by that committee as falling within
rules, and belonging to a class of cases with
which our military authorities were familiar
during the war and since the war, and which
have been paid, and properly paid, by the
Government.
In the present case the amount of the demand
is only $7,000, and I am satisfied that there
was due investigation and a proper report from
the military authorities who took this property
as to the value of the property taken and the
circumstances of its seizure. This case there-
fore can be distinguished from most of those
claim cases which have been, and may here-
after be, presented for the consideration of t.he
Government as growing out of the war. We
shall be safe, so far as amount is concerned,
and so far as the question of investigation is
concerned, in passing thisbill without referring
it for investigation to some judicial tribunal,
which in ordinary cases ought to be done.
Mr. President, I sympathize very much with
the efforts of gentlemen in the Senate and else-
where who devote themselves to the thankless
task of protecting or attempting to protect the
public treasury against unreasonable, unjust,
or inconvenient demands ; and to a great part
of the debate, so far as it has been against this
claim, I have listened with most respectful at-
tention. But, sir, the true opposition to this
bill, as it has been ably presented by several
gentlemen, stands upon one ground, and upon
one ground only. It is the ground of policy,
dictated by convenience or necessity, ifnations
were able, if their means were such that they
could extend complete justice to their own
people, doubtless at the end of every war they
would indemnify every human being loyal to
them who had been injured during the war,
whether by the operations of their own Govern-
ment or by the hostile action of the enemy.
The burdens and losses which fall upon indi-
viduals in particular cases would be distributed
through the whole mass of the nation and would
become a public and common charge. Upon
grounds of abstract justice such a policy could
be vindicated. It comports with humanity and
with all those ideas of justice which civiliza-
tion brings to man.
But, sir, nations and Governments know that
this is impossible; that in the very nature of
things they cannot extend to every person
amongtheir own people this abstract and com-
plete justice and- indemnity; and therefore
tbey have adopted, and have acted upon, cer-
tain rules excluding from compensation all
those claimants whose injuries were the act of
the enemy and not the act of their own Gov-
ernment, and excluding, also, those injuries
which were mere incidents and consequences
of military operations by themselves; for it
must be manifest to all who have examined
this subject, that it is impossible that nations
can enter upon this fieldofliberality and benefi-
cence, without impoverishing themselves, de-
pleting the public Treasury, and making the
action of Government in collecting revenue and
imposing burdens upon the people intolerable,
perhaps leading to convulsion and to funda-
mental change. Therefore it is not done.
Bat, sir, these general considerations, I
insist, do not apply to that class of cases which
this bill illustrates, of which it is an example-
cases where the authorities of Government
themselves, by a deliberate act in a formal
manner, have gone to the citizen and demanded
from him as an individual a peculiar contri-
bution to the public necessities; in otherwords,
where they have made a forced loan or appro-
priation of his property. Government justly
claims the right to demand of all its people
contributions for the public necessities in time
of war and in time of peace ; but it acts by
rules which secure -equality of contribution.
Hence one of the principles upon which your
tax laws are based is the principle of equality.
All men owning a particular form of property,
engaged in a particular branch of industry,
holding certain rights of accumulated wealth,
are to contribute to the public necessities.
They are to give a portion of their substance
to the treasury of their common Government,
so that it shall be nerved and armed to per-
form with efficiency its duties in time of war
and in time of peace. But when the Govern-
ment goes to a citizen or to a limited number
of citizens and demands of them a contribu-
tion of their property, while the demand is
not made upon the general mass of the com-
munity or class to which they belong, it does
an act which can be justified upon no ground
whatever except the ground of absolute neces-
sity, the pressure of the moment, the exigency
of the hour not admitting of delay or of post-
ponement for the ordinary action of Govern-
ment to interpose or have effect.
But., sir, when they do this, when they take
this exceptional and extraordinary course,
justified by necessity alone, what is an eariy,
if not an immediate duty? It is that compen-
sation shall be made, to the individual; that at
the earliest moment when the public benefi-
cence and public justice can be brought to bear
upon it, the individual who has been subjected
to such peculiar strain shall be indemnified for
the injury inflicted upon him. And, again, I
hold that in this country of ours, under our
free Constitution, with our system of equal
laws, it would be monstrous to announce that
the Government may seize the property of
good citizens, men or women, in time of peace
or in time of war, and appropriate it to its
immediate necessities, and afterward deny
them compensation or redress, and substitute
for justice some, vague declaration of general
principles of public law obtaining ■ between
independent Powers, which were adopted for
very different reasons from those which apply
to debate upon this bill.
Novy, sir, consider two or three other points,
and with the statement of these I will con-
clude. Suppose you come down from the
ground upon which I have placed this question
to these points which have been hinted at but
not fully expressed or argued in debate ; sup-
pose you announce, by agrave vote of the Con-
gress of the United States, the doctrine that a
military commander in time of war or of insur-
rection may seize upon the property of law-
abiding citizens of the United States and apply
it to military and Government purposes, .and
that afterward no obligation whatever shall rest
upon the Government for his act or to relieve
the citizens from its consequences ; and what
have-you established?. Why, sirj you have-
