u
'APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 25,
Ho. of Reps.
Denver Pacific Railroad—Mr. Logan.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
that there has been a deception practiced upon
the country and upon Congress in- the subsidiz-
ing of this road. 1 will state the facts which
justify me in making this assertion. In the
original charter that gave a subsidy to tlie'
Union Pacific railroad and its branches it was
provided that the Union Pacific railroad, east-
ern division, starting at Kansas City, might tap
the Union Pacific railroad at the one hundredth
meridian ; further, that the central branch, that
part from St. Joseph td Atchison and from
Atchison out. might tap this eastern division
of the Union Pacific railroad at or near Repub-
lican fork. This was the proposition; but
afterward a law was passed allowing this Union
Pacific railroad, eastern division, to swing out
south or west, like the swinging round of part
of an army; aud when it swung round to the west
it left this Atchison or central railroad stand-
ing out in the air. Why was this done? It'
seems to me that there must have been not only
design in the whole matter, but some very sharp
railroad practiee, inwhichboth companies must
have engaged. A law was then passed allow-
ing the Atchison road to extend itself at or
near the one hundredth meridian, where the
eastern division was to tap the Union Pacific
railroad originally, thereby providing, by a little
chicanery in the management of legislation, a
subsidy for two roads instead of one. By this
strategic maneuver the Atchison road was
subsidized for one hundred miles, and this east
ern division to the same extent and the same
distance, as though it, had been built, under the
former charter to the one hundredth meridian.
Allow me to repeat that by the actof July 3,
I860, it is provided that the Utiton Pacific rail-
road, eastern division, shall receive no more
bonds than they would have been entitled to
provided they had tapped the Union Pacific
railroad at the one hundredth meridian. That is
the law, showing clearly that the original inten-
tion was that this division should tap the Union
Pacific at the one hundredth meridian, and
that this little Atchison road—aud if you look
at the map you will agree with me in conclud-
ing that, standing out in the air as it does, no
better name can be given to it than the "stump-
tail road''—was to tap at or near Republican
fork, this road being about one hundred miles
in length to that point, and having already
received $1,000,000 subsidy from the Govern-
ment. But the eastern division swung round,
and both roads are subsidized. And to-day
it is attempted to make you believe that by
passing this act you will grant no more subsidy
than it was the intention of Congress to grant
when the original act was passed.
But,, sir, what do we see other than the game
of the old eat and her kitten 1 The old eat
comes along and flays the game, and the kit-
ten comes along and helps to devour it. This
bill comes here from the Senate, and you are
asked to give §10,000 per mile subsidy to the
eastern division, or old cat. Then the little kit-
ten, or "stump-tail road" running from Atchi-
son, follows along, the project being underdis-
cussioti itt the Senate at this very time; and by
the time we shall have passed this bill through
the House this little kitten will come from the
Senate, and we shall be asked to give addi-
tional subsidy to the amount of $2,000,000 for
it. This is tlie way these projects are connected
together.
That is the condition of these two roads.
The eastern division is swung round from its
original base so as to allow this Atchison road
to slip in on their line and get the subsidy that
the eastern division was to have ; and then the
eastern division is at the same time to be sub-
sidized all the way to the town of Denver. An
examination of the law and the maps will show
that my statements are correct. By the act
approved July 3, 1806, this eastern division of
the Union Pacific railroad was to receive sub
sid.v lor only the same length of route that it
would have had if it had tapped the Union
Pacific at the one hundredth meridian.
What are the faets ? I assert here to-day, in
the face of those who advocate this subsidy,
that the eastern division has received a subsidy
of $10,000 per mile for seventy miles more of
said road than the law authorizes them to take.
I ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Covode] or any of the friends of the bill to
answer me this question : how is it that they
have contin ued t)ie eastern division of the U njon
Pacific road to Fort Wallace and received
$30,000 per mile subsidy to that point, amount-
ing in all to $0,000,000 paid to this eastern
division, which is seventy miles more than the
distance which Congress authorized, measuring
from Kansas City to the one hundredth merid-
ian at the Union Pacific, being $1,120,000
more than they are entitled to? Now I -will
give way to anyone who will answer that ques-
tion. I want it explained.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I will undertake
to answer the inquiry of the gentleman from
Illinois; He asks how it is that the Union
Pacific railroad, eastern division, has received
a subsidy of $16,000 per mile to the present
terminus of the track at Fort Wallace. Am I
correct?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir. I do not want the
gentleman to take up my time. I just want
the information.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I propose to
give it. The law approved July 1, 1862, pro-
vided—and I call the particular attention of
the House to this clause—as follows:
"The route in Kansas west of Fort Riley to the
aforesaid point on the one hundredth meridian of
longitude to be subject to the approval of the Presi-
dent of the United States, and to be determined by
him on actual survey."
It has been stated often on this floor, under
a misapprehension of this law, that the route
was to follow the valley of the Republican
river, and I suppose it is by that valley the
gentleman has made his measurement. But
1 say, without fear of successful contradiction,
that the route, under the direction of the Pres-
ident, might have followed, as I said the other
day, any other route, any other one of the
streams running into Kansas from the north-
west, provided upon actual survey it was proved
to be the most practicable route and it had
united with the main line of the Union Pacific
railroad, as provided by the original law, on
the one hundredth meridian, between the north
margin of the Platte and the south margin of
the Republican river. I call attention to the
fact that the President of the United States
never did locate this route from Fort Riley to
the one hundredth meridian, but in the mean
time the Congress of the United States, under
an act approved July 3, 18G6, changed the
route, not to the east, as the gentleman has
several times incorrectly stated, but to the
west, up the valley of the Smoky Hill; and it
is provided in the law that no greater amount
of bonds should be drawn for that route than
if it had been constructed up the valley of the
Republican river to tne one hundredth meridian.
Now, sir, if this route had been located by
the President to follow the valley of the Re-
publican river to the one hundredth meridian,
in consequence of the meandering of that river
it might have reached along the present line
on the Smoky Hill river to the point where the
present terminus of the road is, or, following
any other practicable route where it might
have been located by the President, it might
have extended to a point far beyond the dis-
tance for which bonds have been received by
the company. As a matter of actual fact, the
President of the United States has recently
caused a survey to be made from Fort Riley to
the one hundredth meridian, and the company
have received bonds on the basis of this official
survey.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, sir, the condition of
the case is exactly where it was when I left it.
I admit that I used the word east instead of
west. It was a mere slip of the tongue. But
now let me demonstrate from the gentleman's-
own statement that my proposition is correct.
The best way to get an understanding of the
law is to read it. The law of July 3, 1866,
contains this proviso:
" Provided, That said company shall be entitled to ;
only the same amount of b'oiids of the United States
to aid in tho construction of their line of railroad
and telegraph as they would have been entitled to'
if they had constructed their satd line on the one
hundredth meridian to the Union Pacific."
Now, sir, there is nothing said in this act.
about running up the Republican fork, but the
inference clearly is that it was in a direct line
to the one hundredth meridian at the Union
Pacific. Why have they not come before a
committee of the House and showed that the
route by the one hundredth meridian was the
same-number of miles as their survey is now
to Fort Wallace? What is the fact? I have
taken their own map, the map which the gen-
tleman from Kansas used in making his speech,
and I- huve measured it with dividers, and
according to the scale of the map it is just as
I state it, seventy miles over the distance for
which they were to be subsidized ; and I find
they have no survey of the route here to show
the distance. But they tell us that it would
subject them to a new; survey to ascertain the
distance; hence they have to be paid to Fort
Wallace, inasmuch as that is, in their judg-
ment, about the distance they would have gone
on a route on which they have made no survey.
But, sir, you can take both routes. The route
from Kansas City to the one hundredth merid-
ian at the Union Pacific in a straight line on
the map, and the route from Kansas City to
Fort Wallace in a straight line, giving no advan-
tage to either route or survey, and there is
seventy miles difference; and on the latter
route they have been paid to the extent of sev-
enty miles' subsidy at $1G,000 per mile more
than they would have received by lavv on the
other route. That is by the measurement on
the map.
Mr. COYODE. Will the gentleman yield
for a question ?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. COVODE. I simply want to ask the
gentleman from Illinois whether he charges the
Secretary of the luterior with issuing bonds to
subsidize that route to an extent of seventy
miles in violation of law?
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I charge nobody
with anything ; I state faets. I state the fact
here, and I defy contradiction, that by the
measurement on the map of the two straight
routes you have received seventy miles of sub-
sidy more than the law allowed you to receive.
That is my statement. Here is the law and
here is the map. Measure it yourselves. Now,
let us look a little further into this matter and
see what this road proposes. Besides a subsidy
of $16,000 per mile there is more history
connected with this matter than what I have
stated. Let us go a little further and see what
the law authorized this road to do. They were
authorized to pass from Fort Wallace and to
enter Antelope Pass on the Pacific railroad,
passing at a distance not over fifty miles west
of Denver. I have measured the line ; and
instead of doing that, they have made the line
straight to Denver, and then niade&an acute
angle to Cheyenne City, on the Pacific railroad,
which makes a distance of sixty-four miles for
which they have advantage of the subsidy of
lands over and above the line laid down in the
law.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for two minutes?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not like to yield so
much of my time, but I will yield for a moment
to the gentleman.
Mr. PRICE. The statement having been
made twice, on two different days by two differ-
ent gentlemen, that by the terms of the original
charter, passed in July, 1862, the eastern divis-
ion could make their connection and yet have
gone up the Smoky Hill route, all I desire to
