1869.
globe.
established in the first place the strongest possi^ ■
ble inducement which ean bear upon the ordi-
nary mind against taking part with you against
rebellion and against your enemies. Thus, in
the present case if this lady, instead of being
devoted to the Government of the .United
States, had contributed active assistance to the
enemy her property would not have been liable
to seizure -or appropriation by that enemy ; it
would have been during the whole struggle
safe and secure so far as they were concerned ;
and as regards us, it would have been safe and
secure against the action of our Government,
except in a remotely possible or exceptional
case, because wo never intended, although we
announced something like it in an act of Con-
gress, to confiscate all private property in the
South. The chances were a hundred to one
that she would be secure, so far as the title and
enjoyment of her property were concerned,
against the action of the United States.
But, on the other hand, assuming that she
took part with our Government, then she was
liable to the hostility of the authority and gov-
ernment under which she was for the time
being placed, liable to lose all her property,
and beside, (according to this monstrous doc-
trine,) if her own Government to which she
was attached should rescue its flag from dis-
grace in her State, should resume its jurisdic-
tion, should vindicate its just authority and
power, any military commander with the flag
of the Union over him could seize her prop-
erty and apply it to public use and never in
all the days of the future, no matter how the
public wealth might be swollen and the public
means be increased, could she ask for a dollar
of indemnity or of compensation for the injury
inflicted. Why, sir, this is to hold out an
inducement., whenever rebellion breaks out or
war exists, to our own citizens to go against
us, to consult their private interests by op-
posing us; and it will be a strong and pow-
ei ful inducement if it be held out and extended.
What more? Yfe know that "military com-
manders require to be placed under strong
restraint in time of war, as much of restraint
n? is compatible with the active and successl'ul
piosecution of military operations; but what
does this doctrine do? It puts the property
of all the loyal people of the United States
within an insurrectionary district completely
at the mercy of any military commander who
may be prosecuting war under the authority
of our Government. If he seize it and appro-
priates it to the public use none can gainsay
his power to do so, and there is no redress in
the future.
If, in making these appropriations of prop-
erty, the military officer chooses to consult his
own personal feelings, his likes and dislikes,
to take the property of A and let the property
of B go unmolested because he loves the lat-
ter or hates the former, or because he has
received a blibe to influence his conduct, there
is no rediess. Sir, 1 regard this doctrine as a
doctrine of license to military commanders to
do about what they please with the property
of private citizens within insurrectionary dis-
tricts. They are to escape censure and investi-
gation for their conduct. No action can be
brought against them, no responsibility fastened
upon them ; and your Government is not to
respond either. They may do what they please,
or about what they please, in taking private
property, and there will be no remedy. Sir, I
repeat this is a monstrous doctrine in my judg-
ment, and it is as impolitic as it is unjust.
I have but little more to contribute to this
debate. It has long been my conviction that
this subject of war claims ought to be taken up
and decided by the Government. J think it
should have been taken up two or three years
ago, immediately at the conclusion of the war;
that we should have determined deliberately
what kind of claims we would pay and what
we would not pay, aud should have proceeded
at once to investigate those claims that  eie
to be paid, to ascertain their amount and make
provision for their payment. That has not
been done, and gentlemen propose nc^-. in-
of taking up this subject and deciding it
finally, that we shall put off tine evil- day, that
we shall push-these cases away from us; that
we shall not subject our Treasury to any im -
mediate strain, leaving them to come up again
and again at one session after another until at
some future ti,pae some decision shall be reached.
Sir, I am against this policy of delay. I am
for prompt action; and it is my belief that if
claims like the one now before us, and other
claims which the Government in good faith
andiu good conscience ought to pay, are pushed
away from J*ou and postponed to some future
time, the .Government will eventually pay a
great deal more than if the claims were now
considered and decisions made upon them. '
Mr. President, this talk about every person
in the southern States being in contemplation
of law a public enemy and to be treated as such
in regard to all their private rights as they may
have been connected with the late war, is, in
my judgment, improper if not absurd. I be-
lieve there were two classes of persons con-
nected with the late war who deserve peculiar
credit for the course which they pursued, and
to whom justice will be done by history. In
the first place I refer to those persons in the
southern States who maintained their alle-
giance to the Government of the United States.
If there is any class of our citizens who deserve
more of credit than "another, and who will
receive-that credit from the pen of history, it
is this class.
Doubtless among them there were many
obnoxious as individuals; perhaps persons
who trimmed a little between the two parties
to the late war, or against whom some other
objection appealing to our passions or to our
just sense of patriotism may be made; but
those true-hearted, sincere, earnest, and faith-
ful patriots, who in the insurrectionary States
stood by our cause during the war in good
faith, who did not pollute themselves with the
stain of this insurrection in any way whatever,
deserve the gratitude of the American people
now, and they will receive the plaudits of man-
kind in the future.
Sir, there was another class of persons who,
though not involved in this bill, deserve a
similar classification and similar credit and
applause in the future, and that is that class
of men in the northern and central States who,
though politically opposed to the administration
which held authority in our Government during
the war, did their duty to their country ; who
performed all the obligations imposed upon
them by our laws, and who went beyond that
in contributing sincere and patriotic aid to the
public cause, and who did this in spite of what
they conccived to be errors in governmental
policy and individual oppression and insult
upon themselves. This class of our population,
large in numbers, will receive, if not from the
present time, from the men who shall come to
consider our annals from a careful and judicial
point of view, that credit and that honor which
belong to them for their conduct and which
justice imperatively demands.
Now, sir, belonging myself to*t>ne of these
classes, I have risen upon this occasion to
speak of an individual who belongs to the
other class; and I say that if there be any
just emotions left in our breasts, and if any
sense of justice is to obtain in the legislation
of Congress, this lady, whose father spent his
life ill the service of this Government and who
left to her this little pittance of property which
is involved in the present debate, will be taken
kindly, generously, and handsomely to our
confidence and favor by the passage of this
bill; and we will say that they who were true
to the Government in times of peril, in times
of trial and suffering, shall not be forgotten
when the conflict is passed and when peace
and the blessings and prosperity of peace have
again enabled us to meet the obligations of
justice and to do our duty to the citizen as
formerly we did it to the Government of our
country.
Mr. SUMNEU. Mr. President, this discus-
sion, -so unexpectedly prolonged- has already
brought ris to see two, things; first,.the magni-
tude of the interests involved, and- secondly,
the simplicity of the principle which must de-
termine our judgment, it is difficult to ex-
aggerate the ■amount of claims which will be
let loose to feed on the/country if you recog-
nize that now before us; nor.can I irSiagine '
anything more authoritative than the principle
which bars all these claims, except so far aa
Congress in its bounty chooses to recognize
them.
By the report of the committee it'appears
that the house of Miss Sue Murpkey, of Decatur,
Alabama, together with all the other houses
of the town, was destroyed, so that not a ves-
tige remained, by order of the first in com-
mand at that place, on the 19th March, 1864,
under instructions from General Sherman to
make it a military post. It is also stated,
that Miss Murphey was loyal. These are the
important facts. Assuming the loyalty of the
petitioner, which I have been led to doubt,
the simple question is, whether the nation is
bound to indemnify a citizen, domiciled in a
rebel State, for property in that State, taken
for the building of a fort by the United States
against the rebels.
Here it is proper to observe three things;
one concerning the petitioner, and two con-
cerning the property taken: first, that the
petitioner was domiciled in a rebel State, or,
to use more technical language, in a State de-
clared by public proclamation to be in rebel-
lion ; secondly, that the property was situated
within the rebel State ; and thirdly, that the
property was taken under the necessities of
war, and for the national defense. On these
three several points there can be no question.
They are facts which have not been denied m
this debate. Thus far I confine myself to a
statement of facts in order to prepare the way
for the consideration of the legal consequences.
Bearing in mind these facts, several difficul-
ties which have been presented during this
debate disappear. For instance, a question
was put by a learned Senator as to the validity
of an imagined seizure of the property of the
eminent Judge Wayne, situated in the District
of Columbia. But it is obvious that the facts
in the imagined case of the eminent judge are
different from those in the case of Miss Sue
Murphey; JudgeWayue, unlike the petitioner,
was domiciled in a loyal part of the country,
and his property, unlike that of the petitionei-,
was situated in a loyal part of the country.
This difference between the two cases serves
to illustrate the position of the petitioner.
Because property situated in the District of
Columbia and belonging to a loyal judge domi-
ciled here, could not be taken, it by n'o means
follows that property situated in a rebel State
and belonging to a person domiciled there can
enjoy the same immunity.
Behind the fact of domicile, and the fact that
the property was situated in a rebel State, is tbat
other fact, equally incontrovertible, that it was
taken in the exigencies of war. The military
order under which the taking occurred declares
that " the necessities of the Army require the
use of every building in Decatur," and the re-
port of the committee says that General Sher-
man " had previously issued an order to fortify
Decatur as a military post." I might quote
more to illustrate this point; but 1 quote
enough. It is plain and indisputable that the
taking was under an exigency of war. To deny
this is to annul the military order under which
it was done, and also the report of the com-
mittee.
Three men once governed the mighty Iloman
world. Three factsgovem the present case, with
the power of a triumvirate. The domicile of
the petitioner; the situation of the property; and
the exigency of war. If I dwell on these three
facts, it is because I am unwilling that either
should drop out of sight; each is vital. To-
gether they present a case which it is easy to
decide, howeverpainful may be the conclusion..
And this brings me to the principle which I
said at the beginning was so simple. _ Indeed,
let the facts be admitted, and it is difficult to
