1869.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Denver Pacific Railroad—Mr. Logan.
Ho. of Reps.
say is 'hat they wf-'rft required by the original
act to make the connection at a point between
the south bank of the Republican and the north
bank of the Platte, and that it should be in
Nebraska, and they cannot make the connec-
tion by the Smoky Hill route,because the Smoky
Hill is not in Nebraska.
Mr. LOGAN. That is exactly the point I
had in my own mind. That is the faet«bout it.
But there is another point to which I wish to
call the attention of the House. I donot pre-
tend to be an expert in railroad matters, nor
do I pretend to know as much about railroads
as some men, but I say to the gentlemen from
Pennsylvania that I have examined this map
and the law and understand them fully as well
as they do, unless they hare examined them
since they made their speeches the other day
and learned much that they did notknowthen.
I want some gentleman to tell me where this
road intends to go ? You cannot tell from this
bill. Can the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Coy*  e] tell me where this road intends
to go, where it intends to stop, or what it means?
Here it has the route surveyed to Denver, then
comes in the Denver and Cheyenne road, and
then there is another route on their own map
running round from Fort Wallace, swinging
around the circle and coming out at San Fran-
cisco. Now, I want to put the House upon their
guard a little about this bill. I think there is
very great doubt about the construction of this
law. See how singularly ifc reads :
"The eastern division are herpby authorized to
designate the general route of iheir road, and file a
map thereof as now required by Law at any time be-
fore the 1st day of December, 1866, and upon filing
said map, showing the general route of said rohd,
the lands iilong the entire line ihereof, so far as the
same may be designated, shall be reserved from sale
by the Secretary ol the Interior."
Now, sir, you file your maps and designate
your route and have given to you all the lands
along that whole route. And now I want you
to tell me what is your route? Is it from Fort
Wallace to Cheyenne Wells, or to Antelope
Pass, or Denver, or Cheyenne City, or the
Union Pacific, or is it to stop at Denver? I
want to know. Have you filed a map with a
route to Anton Chieo, Santa F6, Albuquerque,
El Paso, and then to San Francisco? There
is such a route on the map. I do not know
whether yon filed a map of that kind with the
Secretary of ihe Interior, but if you have
you are entitled to all the land along the route.
Mr. COVODB. The gentleman asksa ques-
tion, and I will try to answer it if he will yield
to me.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well.
Mr. COVODE. 1 will try to answer his
question to the satisfaction of theHouse,if not
to his satisfaction. I said the other day that
Cheyenne Wells was the proper point from
which a road should diverge to go to Denver.
I also said that west of there was a favorable
point for a connection to be made with the road
from Memphis. 1 also said that at or near Albu-
querque would be a favorable point, to connec-
tion with a road from Shreveport; and that
at a point near there was & favorable point to
connect with a road to New Mexico.
Mr. LOGAN. This is certainly a lost road;
None of its friends can tell where it is going.
If they can, they can do more than any one
has been able to do as yet. But it is going some-
where, and will be a good connection for all
your roads from Everywhere; it is either going
to Denver, or it will diverge at Cheyenne Wells
and go to New Mexico, or old Mexico, or to
California, or to almost any place to suit all you
gentlemen that have roads so you may connect
with it. Yes, sir; this road is evidently going
somewhere, or somewhere else, God only
knows where The route on the map and
the speeches of gentlemen in favor of this bill
remind me a great deal of a story I heard once
of a man who was traveling and had lost his
way.
The traveler met a boy and asked him to
direct him to a certain village which he named.
The boy said: " You go down back of the hill
and turn to the left; then go up the hill and
turn off to the right; then you go down a lane
and turn to the left, and then go down the
branch and tarn to the right; and then if yoa
are not lost,- may I be hanged." [Laughter.]
And if this is not a lost road I do not know
what to term it.
Now, I want to tell thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Covosi] something else which
he, perhaps, does not know. You talk about
Cheyenne Wells. I have put a clause in my
substitute allowing you to go there. Yet your
road does not go within thirty miles of Chey-
enne Wells as surveyed. It is thirty miles south,
of your road.
The whole proposition is this—I think I can
explain it. Here is the Cheyenne, Denver,
and Colorado Bailroad Company. That com-
paBy wants the lands of the eastern division
railroad company. Theeastern division railway
company does not want to go any. further than
to Gheyenne Wells. They want at that point
to turn to the left and go down to New Mexico,
unless they can induce Congress to give them
a littie more subsidy. But they do not want
to lose the lands given them by Congress
along the route from Fort Wallace to Antelope
pass or Cheyenne City. They must unite with
the Denver and Colorado railroad, and give the
lands to them, under some arrangement that
they have, and then turn off to the left to New
Mexico. That is the explanation of the whole
thing.
These gentlemen say that because I am op-
posed to granting this subsidy of $16,000 a
mile I'am opposed to building the road. No
such thing. I want the road built, if these gen-
tlemen will build it properly and right without
asking the Government to do it. But I want
them to let the country know where they are
going, and to let us understand what they mean.
1 want them to come before this House and
say, "We want to go to Denver City, (or where
ever they are going;) we want you to give us
permission to go there; we want you to give u3
a subsidy." That would be a plain proposi-
tion, and we could understand it. But if you
take this bill and read it you will find that no
man, in this House or out of it, can under-
stand it unless it be the man who wrote it, and
1 have not been able to find him yet.
Now, to the next proposition. Is it right for
us to give this subsidy to aid these gentlemen
in building this road ? I am not discussing the
question whethi r it is proper for them to build
the road. 1 will say it is proper they should
build the road. AH persons wanting to build
roads ought to be permitted to do so, provided
they do so wilhout asking the Government to
pay the entire bill. The question is, is it right
for us to give this subsidy? I say it is not.
Why, sir, we have given to that "stump-tail
road" from Atchison $l,f>00,000. We have
already paid a subsidy of §16,000 a mile from
Kansas City to Fort Wallace on this road,
amounting to $6,000,000. And now you are
asked to give subsidy for the same roadagain,
when they have already received subsidy for
seventy miles more than they are entitled to by
law; and adding these fifty-four miles now
asked, you will have given a subsidy of $16,000
per mileforone hundred and twenty-four miles,
never contemplated by the original law, and
not asked by the company when that law was
passed.
" But," say these gentlemen, " what do you
want to do? Do you want to destroy rail-
roads?" No, sir; I want to do no such thing.
1 want to stop this system of building railroads
entirely out of the public Treasury. I will state
my reason for it. You have already granted
valuable franchisesto this company. You have
grauted ihero first the right of way over the Gov-
ernment lauds. What next? You give them
§16,000 per mile in bonds. What next? You
provide that all the land necessary for depots
and everything of that kind shall be given them
by the Government. What next? A year or
two after the granting of the charter the Gov-
ernment waives its right to a first mortgage
upon the road, rolling-stock, &c.r and takes a
second mortgage. The company, going to
work to build the road, mortgages it to its own
men, and for the full amount of the value of
the road and for the subsidy of $16,000 a mile
gives the Government a second mortgage. The
whole of the road, rolling stock, furniture, and
everything of the kind is covered by a first
mortgage to their own men. I ask any lawyer
of the House to say whether it is not true that
when that first mortgage becomes due it
takes the road, &c.? What becomes, then, of
the second mortgage, which is the only security
held by the Government? Does anybody sup-
pose that this second mortgage will be paid ?
The men concerned in this road may be
very honest men indeed ; but I do say that I
never in my life knew a railroad or any other
private corporation (for these corporations are
soulless, withoutblood aud without conscience)
to pay one dollar that the law did not require
them to pay. Then, if the first mortgage by
law takes the road, I ask who will pay the
second mortgage when the law does not require
the company to pay it?
Mr. O'NEILL. "Mr. Speaker 
Mr. LOGAN. I will yield to the gentleman
for a question.
Mr. O'NEILL. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] whether he means to
insinuate that any branch of the Pacific rail-
road which has been built, or which is now in
course-of eonstruction, and to which the Gov-
ernment has given subsidies, has failed I o carry
out the letter of the law or has used the money
which it has received from the Government
for any other purpose than the building of its
road?
Mr. LOGAN. I say no such thing. I stated
a plain, simple proposition, that no private cor-
poration was ever known to pay a dollar that
the law did not require it to .pay. Did the
gentleman ever know such a case?
Mr. O'NEILL. Yes, sir; corporations and
individuals, too.
Mr. LOGAN. I am not talking about indi-
viduals. When and where has the gentleman
known the case of a corporation that paid any-
thing it was not required by law to pay ?
Mr. O'NEILL. The gentleman has insin-
uated in broad terms that these subsidies have
not been used in good faith for building rail-
roads, but that the corporations to which sub-
sidies have been granted have used them lor
other purposes than those contemplated by
law. Now, I want him to state ~
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot yield to the gentle-
man any further.
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Speaker, I think _
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois cannot be interrupted except with his own
consent.
Mr. LOGAN. Thegentlemanwill excuse me.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield
for a question ?
Mr. LOGAN. For a question.
Mr. KELLEY. Has not, the Government
practically a first lien on this road in its right
to reserve from the earnings by Government
transportation one half of the entire amount,
be they more or less?
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I am very much
astonished that learned and^ eloquent men,
judges and lawyers, men of historical renown,
should get up here and ask questions winch the
law itself settles. Here is the law. The Gov-
ernment has a right to reserve that which it
! owes for transportation. Nobody denies that.
But my proposition is this—-aud every lawyer
here knows it to be true—that you cannot find
an instance where a corporation ever volun-
tarily paid a debt or obligation that the law did
not compel them to pay. I do not mean that
they had to be sued for it, but they never paid
