Tm CONGEESSIOISlAL GLOW.
January 12,
see'Tiow* there can be any Question in the pres-
ent case.  Bhttbe facts, as I have stated them,
are:indubitable. '
" Oti these facts two questions arise; first, as1
to the rule of international law applicable to
property of persons domiciled ra an enemy
country, and secondly, as to the applicability
of this rale to the present case. OP the rule
there can be no question ; its applicability is
sustained by reason, amd also by authority,
from which there can be po, appeal.
I-n stating and enforcing the rule I might
array writers;' precedents,' and courts; but I
content myself 'With a sentence from a writer,
who, hi stating- the Laws-of War, is perhaps
the highest wthority. I refer to the Dutch
publicist of the preceding century, Bynker-
shoeck; whose work is always quoted in the
last resort on these questions. This great
writer expresses himself as follows:
" It is a question whether our friends Are to Recon-
sidered as enemies, say,in a town which they occupy.
For my paxt 1 think that they must bo considered,
os enemies." * * * * "They say that our
friends, although they are among our enemies, yet
are not hostilely incl ined against us; for it they are
there it is not from choice and the quo animo ouly is
to bo considered. But the thin;? does not depend
only on tho quo animo, but on the law, because their
goods are with-"the enemy, and are ot use to them for
oar destruction."—Byyilterachoek Qucc&tiones Juris
Publici, book I, chap. 3.
Nothing could be stronger in determining
theliability from.domicile. Its sweeping extent,
under the exigency of war, is proclaimed by
this same writer in words of peculiar weight:
" Since it is a condition of war that enemies may
be deprived of all tlioir rights, it is reasonable that
everything of an enouiy, found anions the ouemv,
should change its owner and jjo to tho treasury. If
wo follow the more right of war, even immovable
property may be sold and its price carried into tho
treasury, as is the ease with movable property.—Ibid.,
book 1, cliap. 7.
Here is, an austere statement ; but it was
adopted by Mr. Jefferson as a fundamental
principle iu his elaborate letter to the British
minister, vindicating the confiscation of tho
property of loyalists during the Revolution.
(1 Jefferson's Works, vol. Ill, p. 369.) It was
the corner-stone of his argument, as it has
been since the corner-stone of jadteial decis-
ions. To cite texts and precedents in its sup-
port is superfluous. It mast be accepted as
the rule of International Law.
The rule, as succinctly stated, is simply this,
that the property of persons domiciled in an
enemy country is liable to seizure and capture
without regard to the alleged friendly or loyal
character of the owner.
Unquestionably there are limitations imposed
by humanity which must not be transcended.
A country must not be wasted or buildings de-
stroyed unless under somecommandingueces-
sity. This great power must not be wantonly
employed. Men must not become barbarians-.
But it, in the pursuit of the enemy or for pur-
poses of defense, property must be destroyed,
then by International Law it can be done. This
is the rule. Vattel, while pleading justly and
with persuasive examples for the preservation
of works of art, such as temples, tombs, and
structures of remarkable beauty, admits that
even these may be sacrificed:
" f0,r carrying on the operations of a war or the
a &1CS® there bo a necessity for destroying
buildings ot this naturo, there is doubtless a right of
so doing. The sovereign, or his general, maltes no
scruple when reduced to it by the necessity of war
The governor of a town evidently threatened with a
se;gc, sets fire to the suburbs, that they may not he
of use to the besiegers. Nobody offers to blame him
who Lays waste gardens, vineyards, or orchards, for
pitching a camp or throwing up an intrenchmeiit.— Vat-
tel, bonk III, chap. 0, p. 168.
This same rule is recognized by Manning in
his polished and humane work, less frequently
quoted, but entitled always to great respect.
This interesting writer expresses himself as
follows:
'* It is dearly a belligerent right to destroy tho
enemy s proporty cut far aa necessary in making forti-
fication*. • •' * * "i)estruetion of tho
enemy s property isjustiSableas far as indispensable
for Hie purposes of warf.ire, but no further."— Man-
mag s Laws of JSntions, p. 138.
With the limitations which: I have tried to
exhibit, the rule is beyond question in the rela-
tions betwpew nations. Do you call Jthar-.-h?
Undoubtedly it is so. " It is war, which from
beginning to end is terrible harshness. With-
out the incidents sanctioned by this rule war
would be changed, so that it would be no longer
war. It was such individual calamities that
Shakespeare had in mirid when bespoke of th©
" purple testament of bleeding war and it
was such which entered into the vision of that
otherpoet, when in words of remarkable beauty,
he pictured by way of contrast the blessings of
peace:
"Straight forward goes
The lightning's path, and straight th® fearful path
Of the cannon ball. Direct it flies and rapid,
Shattering that it may reach and shattering what/it
reaches.
My son! the road, the human being travels.
That, on which blessing comes and goes, doth follow
The river's course, the valley's playful windings,
Curves round the cornfield and the hill of vines,
Honoring the holy bounds of property:
And thus secure, though late, leads to its end."
' Coleridge's Wallenstein, part /., act 2.
It only remains now to show that this rule of
International Law is applicable to the present
case. Of course, our late war wasnot between
two nations ; therefore, it was not strictly inter-
national. But it was between the National
Governmenton one side, and a rebellion, which
had become "territorial" in character, with
such form and body as to have belligerentrights
on land. Mark the distinction, if you please ;
for I have always insisted and still insist, that
complete belligerency on land does not imply
belligerency on the ocean. As there is a domin-
ion of the land, so there is a dominion of the
ocean ; and as there is a belligerency of the land,
so there is also a belligerency of the ocean.
Therefore, while denying to our rebels bellige-
rent rights on the ocean I have no hesitation
with regard to them on the land. But just in
proportion as these are admitted, is the rule of
International Law made applicable to the pres-
ent case.
Against onr rebels the nation had two sources
of power and two arsenals of rights; one of
thfese being the powers and rights of sovereign
and the other the powers and rights of war; the
former being determined by the Constitution ;
the latter by International Law. The nation
might pursue a rebel as a traitor, or as 3 bel-
ligerent; but whether traitor or belligerent, he
was always an enemy. Pursuing him in the
courts as a traitor, be was justly entitled to all
the delays and safeguards of the Constitution :
but it was otherwise, if he was treated as a bel-
ligerent. Pursuing him in battle, driving him
from point to point, dislodging him from fort-
resses, expelling him from towns, pushing him
back from our advancing line, and then build-
ing fortifications against him; all this was war,
and it was none the less war because the enemy
was unhappily our own countryman. A new-
law supplied thernle for our conduct; not the
Constitution, with its manifold provisions dear
to the lover of liberty, including the solemn re-
quirement that nobody shall be "deprived of
life, liberty or property without due process
of law," and then again that other require-
ment, that "private property shall not be taken
for public use without just compensation,"
All these were silent, while International Law
prevailed. The rebellion had grown until it
became a war, and as this war was among
countrymen, it was a civil war. But the rule
of conduct in a civil war is to be found in the
law of nations.
I do not stop to quote the familiar views of pub-.
licists, especially of Vattel, to the effect, that,
in a civil war. the two parties are to be treated
as "two distinct powers." Suffice it to say,
that such is the judgment of all the authorities
on International Law. But I come directly to
the decisions of our Supreme Court which
recognize the rule of International Law as ap-
plicable to our civil war.
Toequeville, with the intuition of genius,
declared, in his remarkable work, th at i f a civil
war should break out in the United States, it
would be " territorial" in its character. Such
was our civil war, and our Supreme Court have
aptly described it as a " territorial civil war."
In this "territorial" character I find a new
reason for the application of International Law.
If this law isthe rale in an ordinary civil war,
where people are divided only by classes or
opinions, there is stronger reason for it where
the people are divided territorially also.
In the famous cases, known as the Prize
Cases, (2 Black, R.—,). the court exp
"All persons residing within this territory, whose
property may be used to increase theroveuues of the
hostile power.are in this contest liable to be treated
as enemies, though not foreigners."
Here is the rule of International Law applied
directly to our civil" war. In'a later case, (2
Wallace R. —,) the rule is applied with added
emphasis and particularity
"We must be governed by tho principles of public
law, so often announced from this bench as applica-
ble alike to civil and international wars, that all the
people in each State or district in insurrection against
tile United States muab be regarded as enemies."
Thus,, according to our highest tribunal, the
rule in civil war and international war is the
same. By another decision of the court, this
same rule continues in force, until the character
of public en^my is removed by competent
authority. On this point-the court declares
itself as follows, in the Alexander cotton case,
(2 Wallace, R. —:)
"All the people of each State or district in insur-
rection against the United States must be regarded
as enemies until by action of the Legislature and the
Executive, or otherwise, the relation is thoroughly
or permanently changed."
If the present case is to be settled by au-
thority this is enough. Here is the Supreme
Court solemnly recognizing the rule of Inter-'
national Law, even to the extent of embracing
under its penalties all the people of the hostile
community, without regard to their sentiments
of loyalty. This is decisive. You cannot de-
cree the national liability in the present case
without reversing these decisions. Ypu nmst
declare that the rule of International Law is
not applicable to our civil war. There is no
ground for exception. You must reject the
rule absolutely.
Do you say that its application is harsh?
Of course it is. But again [ say this is war;
or rather it is rebellion, which has assumed the
front of war. 1 do' not make the. rule. I have
nothing to: do with "it; I take it as I find it,
affirmed by great authorities of International
Law, and reaffirmed by the Supreme Court of
the United States.-'
Here I might stop ; forthe conclusion stands
on reason and authority, each unanswerable;
but I proceed further in order to relieve the
case of all ambiguity. Of course, instances
may be adduced where compensation has been
made to sufferers from an "army; but no case
like the present. If we glance at these in-
stances we shall see the wide difference.
1. The first instance is where property is
taken by the nation, or its representative, wtWre
its own established jurisdiction. Of course,
this is unlike that now before us. To cite it is
only to perplex and mystify; not to instruct,
l'hus, a Senator has adduced well known
words from Vattel on the question "whether
subjects should be indemnified for damages
sustained in war," "when afield, a house,°or
garden, belonging to a private person is taken
for the purpose of erecting on the spot a tower,
rampart or any other piece of fortification."
(Vattel, book IV., chap. 15, § 232.) But this
authority is not applicable to the present case,
where the claimant is not what Vattel calls a
" subject," and the property was not within the
established jurisdiction of the nation. It ap-
plies only to such cases as occurred during the
war of 1812, where property was taken 011 the
Canadian frontier or at New Orleans, for the
erection of a fortress, or such a case as that
which formed one of the military glories of
the Count Rochambean when at the head of
the French forces in our country. The story
is little known, and, therefore, I adduce it now,
as I find it in the Memoirs of Segur, one of
the brilliant officers who accompanied the
expedition. (See Memoirs of Segur, vol. 1,
p. 375.) s '
The French squadrons were quitting their
camp at Crown Point; in KW York, on their
