T 6
, APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 25.
Ho. op Reps.
Denver Pacific llail/road—-Mr; Logan.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
anything that the law would not require or ask
them to pay.
Mr. KELLEY. Did the gentleman ever
know of individuals who were in the habit of
paying what the law did not require them to
pay?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not yield any further.
That is a very good dodge. The gentleman
possibly could make a better speech to-day
than he did the other day. I presume he 5s
now better posted; if not, I feel for him. I
repeat my proposition that no corporation ever
pays a debt that the law does not obligate it to
pay. Then, I say, if a railroad gives a first
mortgage to an individual or company, and
that mortgage is foreclosed, and takes the road,
fixtures, &c., that the cotapany has never been-
known to pay a second mortgage that in law
was no further lien on the property. Hence,
I say, if this first mortgage on the Union Pa-
cific railroad, eastern division, is foreclosed,
including the machinery, rolling-stock, and
furniture, and a new company, takes it, leaving
no balance over the amount of first mortgage,
there is no obligation in law on them to pay the
second mortgage. I defy any gentleman who
claims to be a lavfyer to dispute that proposi-
tion.
Mr. O'NEILL. Will the gentleman yield
one minute?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir. I do not know why
it is, but some how or other I never take the
floor but there is a hornets' nest stirred. Now,
sir, I do not mean to stir it if I can help it, bilt
I mean to talk common-sense, presuming that
it will be understood by the gentleman.
Mr. O'NEILL. The gentleman ought to
allow a common-sense illustration.
Mr. LOGAN, t always have a very com-
mon sense illustration when the gentleman
stands before me.
Mr. O'NEILL. I want to tell the gentle-
man 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will suspend. The gentleman from
Illinois will state whether he desires to be
protected against interruption.
Mr. LOGAN. I have said that I did not
yield.
Mr. O'NEILL. I want to ansfrer a question.
Mr. LOGAN. You can answer them when
I put them.
The SPEAKER.. Does the gentleman yield ?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman desire
to be protected from interruption?
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will ask me to yield for a question, I
have no objection, but I do object to his inter-
jecting a speech against the rules of the House.
Mr. O'NEILL. I desire to say 
Mr. LOGAN. Nevermind. I am extremely
sorry that the gentleman becomes so nettled on
this question. Everybody can understand it.
Are you the Pacific railroad that you become
so excited on the subject? [Laughter.]
Mr. 0' NEILL. Now certainly the gentleman
will let me answer that question. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir; I can answer it my-
self. [Laughter.] If you are any part of it,
it is but a small part. Why do gentlemen get
excited when I state these facts? I am not
arraigning the Pacific railroad for murder nor
for a penitentiary offense. I am only giving the
law as it is written in the books and stating
the facts.
I have been interrupted so much during my
remarks that I have not had time to comment
upon my substitute. I hope the House will
be as patieut with me as I have been with other
gentlemen who have interrupted me, until I
can give my views in reference to the prop-
osition I have introduced as a substitute for
this bill.
What do I propose? I propose this policy
to be applied to this road : I propose that the
Government shall guaranty the interest for
$16,000 per mile of the bonds of the road to
Cheyenne Wells. I propose that that guar-
antee, when written by the Secretary of the
Treasury on the bonds, shall become ipso facto
a first mortgage on the railroad and all its fix-
tures and furniture. That is my proposition.
What else? In order to guaranty the Govern-
ment against loss, to guaranty the Govern-
ment against expenditure, to guaranty the
Government against increase of the public
debt, 1 propose that all transportation of sup-
plies of every kind, telegraphing or any other
indebtedness to this road by the Government
of the United States shall be reserved by the
Secretary of the Treasury from payment to the
road and applied to the payment of the inter-
est on the bonds as far as it will go, and that
the company shall, ten days before said interest
is due, deposit the money with the Treasurer of
the United States for the payment of said
interest. I propose, in addition to that, that
the lands heretofore granted- to this company
and the lands granted to the Denver company,
joining them together, shall be put into the
market as every twenty miles of the road is
built at $2 50 per acre, and sold to actual set-
tlers, the money received from such sales to be
deposited in the Treasury of the United States
as a sinking fund, and that the Secretary of
the Treasury shall apply that sinking fund to
the purchase or redemption of the bonds of
this road upon which the interest is guaran-
tied by the Government, and as redeemed, pur-
chased, or canceled, they shall be turned over
to the company. I propose that the Govern-
ment, as well as the holders of said bonds,
shall be protected, so that it shall not by in-
debtedness or in any other way lose one cent.
■ I go further than that. I propose that if
this company shall fail to pay the interest or
any part of the interest every six months, then
the Government shall have power to take pos-
session of the road and its fixtures and furni-
ture and apply its earnings, &c., to the pay-
ment of the interest or the'liquidation of the
debt. That is my proposition. I-propose to
protect the Government, and at the same time
I propose to put it in such a position that the
road itself can be built. These gentlemen say,
"Oh, we cannot build the road." I say you
can build the road. Why? Because when you
get the interest on the bonds guarantied they
will go on the market, and the Government
will be protected and the tax-payers will be
protected and not oppressed, which, I think,
is a very important item in all matters of legis-
lation, especially at this time.
Now, let us go a little further and apply this
principle. These gentlemen say, "If you un-
dertake to carry out a proposition of this kind
it will not develop the country,-for nobody will
buy the lands." Well, if no one wants to live
in that country I would like you to tell me
what you want a railroad for? If no one will
go there, certainly a railroad cannot exist
there.^ Now, sir, the entire length of the State
in which I live is traversed by a railroad that
was subsidized with lands, not with bonds or
money, when portions of the State was almost
a howling wilderness. .The Government got
52 50 per acre for the alternate sections when
land was at $1 25 an acre, and to-day you can-
not enter an inch of public lands in the whole
State. It has all been taken. The Govern-
ment has received its money, and the State has
been developed into a great and productive
country; and it was developed just in accord-
ance with the very plan that I propose here
to-day to Congress, except that I go further
than thai went. It does develop the country.
Why, your railroads through the State of Iowa
have beeji built on this same theory, except
that I have changed it so far as applies to the
interest on the bonds and the machinery for
the protection of the Government. That is
the way in which your country has been devel-
oped and in which it will be developed in this
instance. I tell you railroads will go where
trade is or will be ; railroads will go where good
lands are; railroads will go where people either
live now or can live hereafter.
But gentlemen say that capital will not invest.
How is it with capital? Why, capital is like
the dews that descend from heaven ; they seek
their own channels and their own outlets.
Capital seeks investment where it can be profit-
able. The dews of heaven fall and assist in
the growth of nature, and then seek the channel
God has prepared for their march to the ocean.
So it is with capital: God has pointed out on
nature's map the place for intelligent invest-
ment. You tell me it will not seek or fjnd,
investment in this direction. Perhaps it will
not on a sandy plain, where nothing is heard
but the howl of the coyote or the war cry of
the savage. Capital will not go there, nor will
people want to live there. If not, then you do
not have any use for a railroad there,
I look upon these great improvements of the
age as a great thing. I look upon the work of
stretching iron-bands across the country from
the Atlantic to the Pacific as one of #ie great
marks of the intelligence of this great age. t
look upon fastening together the East and the
West, as a barrel is strapped and bound by
hoops of iron, as one of the great events of
the age. You have almost completed what
may be teymed a bridge from the Atlantic to
the Pacific. This has been done at great cost
to the Government, and, in my judgment, has
expended enough without any sufficient secur-
ity against liability. You have now opened
the communication and shown what the coun-
try is. If it is inviting to capital it will go; if
not, it shrinks from the task of struggling
against the decrees of nature. The Govern-
ment has given aid to the extent of millions and
millions of dollars. Now let the Government
stop giving in this mannet, for it is recklessness.
We have done more than our duty toward the
country in this matter of money subsidy, and
now let us stop. Isay letusstop, and stop now.
We hear much said in favor of economy.
Many gentlemen make speeches in favor of
economy. One member says, "I am in favor
of economy—as soon as I get this little bill
through." Another man says, "I am for
economy — as soon as I get my little bill
through." Itreminds me of Eip Van Winkle,
when he became a temperance man. After
he had waked up from his twenty years' sleep
he said he was going to quit drinking, yet he
did drink—■"Here's to the health of your fam-
ily ; may they live long and prosper''—always
saying, in reference to his promise to quit
drinking, "This time doesn't count." And
I suppose that is the way with gentlemen here.
They are all in favorof economy, but one says,
"I want this little stump-tail railroad bill
passed; this time doesn't count." And so
another says about another road. As Van
said, "Here's to the health of your family;
may they live long and prosper. This time
doesn't count." [Laughter.]
Sir, I say it is time to stop now. If you are
going to apply the principle at all you should
apply it now. But gentlemen say this is only
fifty-four miles. That is true ; this bill is only
for fifty-four miles. When the last bill was
Up, you, by strategy, made it seventy miles.
If weput this fifty-four miles on it will be one
hundred and twenty-four miles. And then
the next Congress will ask you to give them
subsidies from Cheyenne Wells to another
place. '
Perhaps these gentlemen will say to me,
'' Why, Logan, you do not understand that great
country we are going into, New Mexico.'' Per-
haps I do not know any thing about it. But I tell
these railroad men that in 1847 and 1848 I
traveled over the very route laid down on this
map as their survey. I know all about the
country through which their road will run, if
ever built. I have been over nearly -every
mountain path in that country.
The lands in those valleys of Mexico are as
beautiful as the eye of man ever beheld, and
