1869.
C30NaKE:6SI0NikL, m,om.
way to embark for France. - .Theircommander,
fresh from the victory of Yorktyw.n, was at the
head of the columns, when a simple citizep ap-
proached,.and tapping him slightly on the shoul-
•der, said: "In thename of the.lawyou are my
prisoner." Theglitteringstaffby which Count
Rochambeau >vas surrounded were indignant;
but the General-in-Chief restrained their im-
patience and smiling said to the American citi-
zen: " Take me with you ifyou can." '.'No,"
replied the simple representative of the law,
" I have done my duty, and your excellency
may. proceed on your march if you wish to set
,justice at defiance. Some of your soldiers
.have cut down trees and burnt them to light
fires. The proprietor claims an indemnity,
and has obtained-a warrant against you, which
I am ,her.e to execute." The Count, on hear-
ing this explanation, which was translated
-to him by one of his staff, gave bail, and at
once directed the settlement of the claim on
equitable grounds. The American withdrew,
and the French squadrons, which had been ar-
rested by a simple constable, proceeded ou
their march. This interesting story, so hon-
orable to our country and to the French com-
mander, is disfigured by the end, showing
extortion on the part of the claimant. A judg-
ment by arbitration fixed the damages at §400,
being less than the commander had at once
offered, while the claimant demanded no less
than $3,000.
Afterward, in the National Assemby of
France, when this great country began to throb
with republican life, this instance of submis-
sion to law was mentioned with pride. But
though it cannot lose its place in history, it. .can-
not furnish a precedent of international law.
The trespass was within our own jurisdiction, in
which respect it differed precisely from the
case on which we are to vote. I adduce it now
because it serves to illustrate vividly the line
of law.
2. Another instance which 1 mention, in order
to put aside, is where an army in a hostile
country has caref ally paid for all its supplies.
Such conduct is exceptional. The general rule
was expressed by Mr. Marcy, during our war
with Mexico, wlien he said that ''an invading
army had the unquestionable right to draw its
supplies from the enemy without paying for
them, and to require contributions for its sup-
port and make the enemy feel the weight of
the war." (Halleek, International Laws,chap.
19.) But General Halleek, after quoting these
words, says that "the resort to forced contrib-
utions for the support of our armies in a
country like Mexico, under the particular cir-
cumstances of the war, would have been at
least impolitic, if not unjust; and the Ameri-
can generals very properly declined to adopt,
except to a very limited extent, the-mode in-
dicated." (Ibid.) It was, according to this
learned authority, a question of policy and not
of law.
The most remarkable instance of forbear-
ance, under this head, w.as that of the Duke
of Wellington, as he entered France with his
victorious troops, fresh from the fields pf Spain.
He was peremptory that nothing should ,be
taken without compensation. His order on
this occasion will be found at length in Col-
onel Gurwood's collection of his dispatches,
(vol. II, p- 169.) His habit was to give re-
ceipts for supplies, and ready money was paid
in the camp. The British historian dwells
with pride on the conduct of the commander,
and records the astonishment with which.it
was regarded by the peasantry, whether of
Spain or of France, who found it so utterly at
variance with the system by which th£ former
had suffered and the latter had profited during
the Peninsular campaigns, (Allison's History of
Europe, vol. 12, p. 340.) The conduct of the
Duke of Wellington cannot be too highly
prized. It was more than a victory. I have
always regarded it as the high-water mark,ot
civilized war. But I am obliged to add, .on
this occasion, that it was politic also. In thus
.softening the rigors of war, he smoothed the
way for his conquering army. In & dispatch
to -one of his generals, written in thp spirit -of
the order, he says in very expressive language:
If we were five times stronger than we are,
we could not venture to enter Fran.ce, if we
•cannot prevent our soldiers from plundering."
(Wellington's Dispatches, vol. 11, p. 171.) It
was iu a refined policy that this important
order had its origin. , Regarding it as a gener-
ous example for other commanders, and offer-
ing to it my homage, I must confess that, as a
precedent, itis entirely inapplicable to thepres-
ent case.
Patting aside these two several classes of
eases, we are brought back to the original prin-
ciple that there can be no title to damages for
property situated in an enemy country-and
belonging to a person domiciled there when
taken for the exigencies of war.
If the conclusion were doubtful I should
deem it my duty to exhibit at length the costly
consequences from an allowance of this claim.
The small sum which you vote will be a prece-
dent for millions. If you pay Miss Sue Mur-
phey you must pay claimants whose name will
be legion. Of course, if justice requires, let
it be done even though the Treasury fail. Bat
the mere possibility of such liabilities is area-
son for caution on our part. We must consider
the present case as if on its face it iuvolved not
merely a few thousands, but many millions.
Pay it, and the country will not be bankrupt,
but it will have an infinite draft upon its re-
sources. If the occasion were not too grave
for a jest, I would say of it as Mercutio said of
his wound : "No; 't is not so deep as a well,
nor so wide as a church-door; but 'tis enough."
if you would have a practical idea of the
extent of these claims, be taught by the history
of the British loyalists, who at the close of our
Revolution, appealed to Parliament for com-
pensation on account of their losses. The whole
number of these claims was Sve thousand and
seventy-two. The whole amount claimed was
£8,026,045, or about thirty-eight million dol-
lars, of which the commissioners allowed not
quite half. Our claimants would be much more
numerous, and the amount claimed vaster.
We may also learn from England something
of the spirit in which such claimants should be
treated. Even while providing for them Par-
liament refused to recognize any legal title on
their part. What it did was in compassion,
generosity, and bounty; not in satisfaction of
a debt. Mr. Pitt in presenting the plan which
was adopted expressly denied any right on
grounds of " stiict justice." Here are his
words:
"The American loyalists could not call upon tho
House to make compensation for their losses as a
matter of strict justice: but they, most undoubtedly,
have strong claims on their generosity and com-
passion. In the mode, therefore, that he should pro-
pose for finally adjusting their claims, he had laid
down a principle with a view to mark this distinc-
tion.— Hansard's Parliamentary Htsiory, vol. 27, p.
610, June 3,1788.
In the same spirit Mr. Burke said :
" Such a mode of compensating the claims of the
loyalists would do the country the highest credit.
It was a new and noble instance of national bounty
and generosity."—Ibid., p. 614.
So far as this instance is an ex;ample to us,
itis only an incentive to akindly policy, which,
after prudent inquiry, and full knowledge of
the extent of these claims, shall make such
reasonable allowance as humanity and patri-
otism may require. There must be an inquiry
not only into this individual case, but into all
possible cases, that may spring into being, so
that when we act, it m ay be on the whole subject.
From the beginning of our national lite
Congress has been called to deal with claims
for losses by war. Though new in form, the
present case belongs to a long list, whose be-
ginning is hidden in revolutionary history.
The folio volume of State Papers now before
me, entitled "Claims," attests the number
and variety.. Fven amid the struggles of the
war, as early as 1779, the Rev. Dr. ither-
spoon was allowed $19,040 for repairs of the
college at Princeton damaged by the troops.
There was afterwards a similar allowance to
the academy at Wilmington, in Delaware, and
also to the collie i& Rhode Island. These
.latter were recommended 'by Mr., Hamilton
while Secretary of the Treasury, as affecting
the interests of literature." On this account
they were treated as exceptional. It will also
be observed that they, concerned claimants
■within our own jurisdiction. , In 1797 Congress
refused  to make compensation for a house
burnt at Charlestown, after the battle of Banker
Hill, by,order of the American commander.
The report says:
" As Government has not adopted a general rale
to compensate individuals who have suffered in a
similar manner, the committee are of opinion that
the prayer of this petition cannot be granted.
State }yaperv~-Cl(timn, p. 1S9.
And, yet, in this ease the property was de-
stroyed for purposes of defense. In 1814 a
claimant received compensation for a house at
the end of Potomac bridge, which was blown
up to prevent certain public stores from falling
into the hands of the enemy (Ibid., p.44G;) and
another claimant at Baltimore received com-
pensation for rope-walks burnt in the defense
of the city. (Ibid., p. 444.) The report of a
committee in another case says that the course
of Congress " seems to inculcate that indem-
nity is due to all those whose Louses have arisen
from, the acts of our own Government, or those
acting imder Us authority, while losses pro-
duced by the conduct of the enemy are to be
classed among the unavoidable calamities of
war." (Ibid., p. 402.) This is the most com-
plete statement of the rule which I find.
After the battle of New Orleans, the ques-
tion was presented repeatedly. In one case,
a claim for " a quantity of fencing" used as
fuel by troops of General Jackson was paid
by Congress ; so also was a claim for damages
to a plantation "apon which public works for
the defense of the country were erected also
a claim for " an elegant and well-furnished
house," which afforded shelter to the British
army, and was, therefore) fired on with hot
shot; also a claim for damage to a house and
plantation on which a battery was erected by
our troops. (Ibid., p. 521.) There was also
another case, where Congress seems to have
acted on a different principle. On the land-
ing of the enemy near New Orleans, the levee
was cut in order to .annoy him. As a conse-
quence the plantation of the claimant was in-
undated, and suffered damages estimated at
$19,250. But the claim was rejected on the
ground that " the injury was done in the neces-
sary operations of war." (Ibid., p. 835.)
Certainly this ground may be adopted in the
present case, while it must not be forgotten
that in all these latter cases the claimants were
citizens within our own jurisdiction, whose
property had been used against a foreign
enemy.
The multiplicity of claims arising in the war
of 1812 prompted an act of Congress in 1816
for "the payment of claims for property lost,
captured or destroyed by the enemy." Jn this
act it was, among other things, provided—
" That any person who has sustained damage by
the destruction of his house or building by the enemy,
while the same was used as a militaiy deposite
under the authority of an officer or agent of the
United States, shall be allowed and paid the amount
of such damage."—Stat utes-at-Large, vol.3, p. £63.
Two years later it was found that in order
to obtain the benefits of this act people, espe-
cially on the frontier of the State of New
York, had not hesitated at "fraud, forgery,
and perhaps perjury." (State Papers—Claims,
p. 590.) On the recommendation of a com-
j mittee of Congress the law was repealed, and
! it is now marked in our statutes as ' 'obsolete."
| But it is .not without its lesson. It shows-what
may be expected should any precedent be
adopted by Congress which should quicken
the claimants now dormant in the South. " It
is the duty of a good Government to attend .to
the morals of the people as an affair of pri-
I mary concern." So said the committee m
1818 recommending the repeal. But this warn-
ing is as applicable now as then.
Among the claimants of the present day, there
are doubtless many .of character and' virtue. It
is hard to vote against them. But I be
controlled on this occasion by  y  y
