1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1253
greater sum than ten dollars, he shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor, and °n conviction shall relund the I
6«mt\ ar.d snail be fined not exceeding §1,000 and 1
imprisoned not exceeding six months. 1
And in lieu thereof to insert: j
That the provisions of sections twelve and tbir- i
teen of an act entitled "An act supplementary to |
'An act to erant pensions,"' approved July 4, 1864,
and of sections two, three, and four of an act enti- i
tied "An act supplementary to the several acts relat-
ing to pensions," approved Jane 6, 1866, shall be
applicable to the pensions granted by this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the bill by
inserting after t.he words "drafted men "' at
the end of the fifth line of the first section the
■words " or their surviving widows." Theef- |
feet of this amendment is simply to put on the |
pension-roll the widows of such officers and j
soldiers as have survived their husbands, hav- |
nig performed duty for the country during the
war of 1812-14, who are in like destitute con-
dition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Those who.are married
or those who are still unmarried?
Mr. GRIMES. Unmarried widowsofcourse.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I have no objection
to this amendment myself; but it will cer-
tainly tend to defeat the bill. The number of
widows is very great. They are younger, much
younger, most of them, than the men. When
this bill was up before it was opposed princi-
pally on the ground of the supposed number
of men who would be entitled to its benefits.
Now the Senate will notice it is very greatly
confined. In the first place these men must
have served three months, and the majority of
the service was for sixty days. Then they
must not only have served three months, but
they must have served three months consecu-
tively; and there were a great many reenlist-
ments during the war. Again, it applies only
to those who are in indigent circumstances ;
those who are already dependent for their sup-
port in whole or in part upon others. Now,
sir, to try to get this matter before the Senate
in the proper way, I have made a calculation
to show what Is the probable number of sur-
vivors. The data of course from which 1 have
made up this number are not in all cases relia-
ble. The difficulty arises from the fact that
most men enlisted for sixty days. I have got
the number of them, but I cannot tell how
many of them reenlisted, so as to serve the
three months which this bill requires. I will
simply present the statement to the Senate,
which will be shorter than to discuss the ques-
tion.
I ascertained that, the whole number of sol-
diers who served sixty days or more in the
war of 1812 was *296.916. The bill only refers
to those who served consecutively for three
months, who were doubtless considerably lessm
numberthan those who served forsixty days or
more. I estimate the former at just one half
the whole number enlisted—263,827, or 88,000
less than the number of sixty-day men. I
think that is a very liberal calculation. From
this I deduct the number killed in the war, the
number pensioned on account of disability,
and the number dependent on others for sup-
port, who are not included in the bill. 1 might
also deduct those b ho reenlisted, whose names
appear twice on the rolls, to increase the aggre-
gate number. This aggregate I estimate at
63.827 men. That lea\esthe probable number
ol those included in the bill, surviving at the
close of the war in 1815, 210.000. The average
age of those men at that time was not less than
twenty-three years, which, according to the
life lalile in common use, would give a survi-
vorship in 18t>0 of 5,069 men.
I will state that 1 have had in my hands
petitions from hundreds of these men: 1 had
them here principally last year when this bill
came up, and in those petitions each man put
down Ins ajje. and there was but one of them
who was less than seventy-two years that 1
saw and he was sixty nine, and I suppose he
had been a drummer-boy, or served in some
such capacity. Many of them are eighty. They
are of ages varying from seventy-two and
sevenl#--three up to eighty, and perhaps some
older. I however make an allowance in this
calculation. As it is probable that the greater
part of these men were at the close of the war
apparently able-bodied men, although many
undoubtedly carried within them rhe seeds of
disease, such as rheumatism, lung and liver
complaints, &c., occasioned by exposure while
in the Army, I fix the number of survivors
In 1869 at not exceeding six thousand. I think
that is a very liberal calculation. The average
age of the survivors at this time is about sev-
enty four, and their expectation of life about
six years. The whole amount to be paid them
under the bill for the first year, including ex-
penses of payment, is about six hundred thou-
sand dollars, which will rapidly diminish year
by year, and would not last longer than an
average of six years.
This bill has been pending in the Senate since
June, 1808. I had it twice up, and on the first
occasion it was progressed with somewhat, and
on the seoond occasion it was choked off by a
motion to go into executive session. I am
about, as the Senate know, to leave this body.
This is the last bill, except some few pension
bills from the other House, with which I shall
have anything to do; and I should like very
much if the Senate would consent to dispose
of this bill at this time. I think these men,
now decrepit with age, men who went into the
Army and served the country for the mere pit-
tance of eight dollars a month, who found their
own clothing, their own blankets, their own
shoes, and their own tobacco, deserve some-
thing at the hands of the country. Now that
they are decrepit with age—for the bill applies
only to those who are actually dependent for
support upon the aid and assistance of othefs—
the amount involved in it ought not to be a
moment's objection to granting these pensions.
We have been liberal, exceedingly liberal, as
far as the means of the country would allow,
to those who were wounded or injured, and to
the widows of those who were killed in the war
of the rebellion. Do we not. owe something to
these men also? They served the country
faithfully: and they served for such a mere
stipend, furnishing their own clothes, blankets,
&c., that they can hardly be said to have been
compensated for the actual services rendered.
They are now advanced in years. The class
whom it is intended to reach are absolutely
poor and dependent upon others. I cannot
think a prayer like this, addressed to the good
feeling of the country, addressed to the good
judgment of the country, through its repre-
sentatives, will be disregarded. I ask, _Mr.
President, a vote upon the bill to-night if it is
possible.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FERRY. I observe that the bill pro-
vides pensions for the soldiers of the war of
1812, under certain limitations and restrictions,
who served for the period of three months. In
the section of the country where I reside the
majority were drawn into the public service
for the period of sixty days : and since this bill
! has been pending I have presented here a num-
! ber of petitions from soldiers of the war of
I 1812 from my own State who, under the terms
| of the law at that time, served for that period
j of sixty days. They ask, if the three months'
! men in other portions of the country are to
! receive a pension, that they may receive one
I under the same restrictions. Under these eir
cumstauees I feel bound to offer an amendment
to strike out the word '■ three" preceding
" months,'' and insert the word "two."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, there is
certainly force in what the Senator from Con-
! neeticut says as to the length of service: but
' the difficulty is that we must fix some time.
i In the war of 1812, at one of its turning points
| connected with the battle of Plattsburg, on the
| opposite side ol Lake Champlain from \ er-
I raont, the Vermont troops turned out by thou-
,1 sands, ami in spite of some hesitation on the
ii part of the Governor about State rights m
ordering troops oat of the State they went, not-
withstanding his wishes, and only served until
jj that special campaign wasovjraud the British
:j army were defeated and taken prisoners, not
) more than a mouth probably. Thousands of
!| them went. Now, if it is right to reduce it to
I) the sixty-days' men of Connecticut, it would be
rightto reduceit to the thirty-days' men of Ver-
mont; and then another section of the country
might show that a large number of volunteers
in some crisis had served for only half a month
and yet had rendered as great service to the
country and to the cause as others had done
by serving three months. Therefore, it is im-
possible, unless you go down to the bottom
and say that any service at all under those
circumstances, in the regular way. followed by
a regular discharge, shall fee sufficient to fix
probably any better rule than the three months
ane.
I confess myself, although a member of the
committee, that the propriety of thU hill to ine
is quitedonbtf.il, not, because I would not wish
to do what the bill provides for, the worthy and
necessitous soldiers of the war of 1812, but.
because I am afraid that for every worthy and
necessitous soldier who receives this pension
to cheer his old age there will be fraudulent
and lalse claims put forward by agents, sup-
ported by testimony of one description and
another, and money taken from the Treasury
for those. When you go back so far, and recur
to evidence that is not necessary by this bill
of the record, there is always extreme danger
of fraud to a very great extent.
The PRESIDED I'^jro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut. [Mr. Fekry.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall be compelled to
call for the yeas and nays on the passage of
this bill.
Mr. STEWART. Then I ask the consent
of the Senator from West Virginia to let it pass
over informally, to allow me to take up the biii
to remove political disabilities.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The amendments were ordered to he_en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall feel it my duty to
call for the yeas and nays on the passage of
this bill. The statements given by the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Pensions
are totally delusive in regard to_ this tnauer.
If we once pension any portion of the soldiers
of the war of 1812 we'shall be obliged to pen-
sion them all. Such has been the experience
of all the legislation in Congress. Many cases
of this kind have occurred. It occurred in re-
gard to bounties. Land bounties were given
to the soldiers of the war of 1312 a great many
years ago. They first commenced with those
who served twelve months; afterward a smaller
portion of land was given to those who served
forsixty days, and finally one hundred and sixty
acres were given to every one who served in the
war ol' 1812. The result was that althougn kind-
hearted ge'.ulemeu. like my friend, estimated
the number who nould claim bounties atsixiy
thousand, the number of bounty warrants issued
under that act was, I believe, two hundred i*ud
forty thousand.
I "have no doubt this bill will inure more to
the benefit of claim agents than it will to the
benefit of the old soldiers. I perhaps would
not object to it if I thought this was the end of
it: but when you give pensions to the "indi-
gent soldiers" you open a door for fraud. W no
is " indigent?'' Who is " dependent on others
for support?" And, finally, this bmiivkm
on the number of pensions will be found vo
unjnet, will operate so unequally, wdl be the
ground of so much fraud, that at ih<- vt-iy nfcKt
session you will have to extend the biU n> a;!.
Then if you confine it to soldiers who have
served for three months, at the next session
of Congress it will be extended to those who
served lor sixty daj s: and then eases of hard-
ship will arise where persocs served but thirty
