1869.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
77
40th Coxg-. ..3d Sess.
The Treaty^rnalcing Power, <&o.—Mr. Lawrence,.
Ho. of Rkps.
the climate is one of the finest that God has
given to man. Fresh meat will care there while
hanging in the open air •without the applica-
tion of salt. It will cure out in the hot son, as
I know from my own observation. The coun-
try abounds with birds, goats, sheep, ante-
lopes, and a great variety of animals, both
domestic and wild. It is a country that will
develop itself as fast as a raiiroad,goes through
it, and become rich And prosperous without
any Government subsidy of $16,000.or $32,000
a mile, and these railroad men know it well.
N ow, sir, I say that I am in favor of the great
inarch of improvement, of civilization, and a
general development of all the wealth and re-
sources of this country. But, sir, that is no
reason why, as a Representative of my constit-
uents, I should stand by and see the Treasury
every day growing leaner and leaner by the
inroads made upon it by these railroad aijd
other corporations. I am not willing to do. it.
I say to my friends in this House ; I say to-my
Republican friends—although I do not regard
this as a political measure by any means—that
we pledged ourselves to our constituents in the
convention that nominated our President-elect
that economy should be our watchword. If
we are true to the men that elected us we shall
stand by that pledge to-day. What are we now
asked by this corporation to do ? We are asked
to vote $16,000a mile against reason and against
the will of our constituents and against the
declaration—not express, but clearly implied—
of the convention that nominated your candi-
date for President. We are asked to support
this bill, which is in opposition to the policy re-
garded as proper, expressed, as I understand,
by the President-elect, his declaration having
been made—not with reference to this particu-
lar bill, but generally with reference to subsi-
dies of the character heretofore given to rail-
roads—as unwise, at least in the present em-
barrassed condition of the Treasury. But this
company comes modestly forward'and, says :
" Subsidize for us these fifty-four miles of road-;
slap your constituents in the face ; violate your
party platform ; violateyour pledges made upon
the stump; and on the eve of the new admin-
istration coming into power make a-direct issue
with it on the question of involving us in fur-
ther liability. Let him understand that you are
all-powerful, that you ask no odds from him.
Give the people of the country to understand
that you defy their will in toto." This, and
nothing less, is what we are modestly asked by
this company to do.
The Treaty-making Power—The Cherokee
Neutral Lands in Kansas.
SPEECH OP HONTW. LAWRENCE,
OF OHIO,
In the HorsE op Representatives,
January 26, 1869,
On the treaties concluded between the United States
and Indian tribes.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Ihaveonsev-
eral occasions called the attention of the House
to treaties concluded between the United States
and Indian tribes, under which the power has
been asserted and exercised to dispose of the
public lands to private individuals and to corpor-
ations. This House has denied that such power
can be constitutionally exercised, and in some
form and at some time the question must be
settled. The "settlers" on what are called the
Cherokee neutral lands in Kansas have claimed
relief at the hands of Congress, and I propose
briefly to present some considerations to the
House, not so much in support of the justice
of their demands as in vindication of the power
of Congress over the public lands and of the
wisdom of our land policy, which cannot be
maintained if the assumptions of the treaty-
making power are tolerated. The land policy
ol the United States has been so long settled
by the legislation of Congress that the " home-
stead" and "preemption" laws may be justly
regarded as founded iu wisdom, and as having
the general sanction of the people. The provis-
ions of these laws are so well understood that
I need not now state them in detail.
Under certain limitations the " preemption''
laws give to every '1 head of a family, or widow,
orsingie man over the age of twenty-one years,"
being a citizen or having filed his declaration
of intention to become such, who has made or
shall make "a settlement in person on the
public laSds" after the Indian title is extin-
guished and after survey, the right to enter and
procure' a patent for one hundred and sixty
aeres of- land on payment of the minimum
Government price, generally $1 25 -an acre.
(Act September; 4, 1841, 5 United States Stat-
utes-at-Large, 455.}
The "homestead" law gives the right to
enter u-p&tt the same classes of lands and pro-
cures patent after five years' oceupancy with-
out pay ingany money consideration for a home-
stead. (Act 20th May, 1862, 12United-States
Statutes, 392.)
The purpose of the Government to maintain
the policy of these laws has been so well un-.
derstood and so implicitly relied on that settlers
have frequently entered upon public lands
before they were surveyed, and even before
the Indian title was extinguished, in anticipa-
tion of surveys and the extinction of the Indian
title, and their rights thus acquired have been
respected, and titles perfected under these
laws. Now, unless some reason exists for
excepting the Cherokee neutral lands from-the
general land policy of Congress, it is manifest
that settlers on them should have the benefit
of the "homestead" and "preemption" laws.
This leads us to an inquiry as to the title of
these lands, and the position of the settlers in
relation to them.
By the treaty with France of April 30,1803,
the region of country west of the Mississippi
river was ceded to the United States "forever
and in full sovereignty." (8 United States
Statutes-at-Large, 202.)
The act of Congress approved May 28,1830,
authorized the President to extinguish certain
Indian titles to lands and to give in exchange
other lands, and then provides—
" That in the making of any such exchange or ex-
changes it shall and may be lawful for the President
solemnly to assure the tribe or nation with which
the exchange is made that the United States will
forever secure and guaranty to them and their heirs
and successors the country so exchanged with; and
if they prefer it that the United States will cause a
patent or grant to be made and executed to them for
the same, provided always that such lands shall
revert to the United States if the Indians become
extinct or abandon the same."—4 United States
Statutes-at-Large, 412. ■ >
On the 29th December, 1835, a treaty was
concluded between the United States and the
Cherokee tribe of Indians by which they ceded
to the United States all their lands east of the
Mississippi river, and the United States ceded
to the Cherokees seven million acres of land
west of that river, bordering on the State of
Arkansas. The second article of the treaty
then provides as follows :
"And whereas itds apprehended by the Cherokees
that in the above cession there is not contained a
sufficient quantity of land for the accommodation of
the whole nation on their removal west of the Missis-
sippi, the United States, in consideration of the sum
of $600,000 therefor, hereby covenant and agree to
convey to the said Indians and their descendants by
patent in fee-simple the following additional tracts
of land, situated between the west line of the State
of Missouri and the Osage reservation, beginning at
the southeast corner of the same, and run north
along the east line of the Osage lands fifty miles to
the northeast corner thereof, and thence east to the
west line of the State of Missouri; thence with said
line south fifty miles; thence west to the place of
beginning, estimated to contain eight hundred thou-
sand aeres of land.'—7 United States Statutes-at-
Large, 480,
In pursuance of this treaty and the act of
Congress referred to a patent was issued to the
Cherokee nation for these lands December 31,
183i>. This tract is what is called the Cherokee
neutral lands.
The treaty undertakes to enlarge the charac-
ter of the grant into a fee-simple, but it is
limited in its operation and effect by the act of
Congress.
By the treaty between the United States and
the Cherokee nation of Indians of July 19,
proclaimed August 11, 1866, it is provided as
follows:
"Aet. XVII. The Cherokee nation hereby cedes,
is trust to the United States, the tract of land in the
State of Kansas which was sold to the Cherokees by
the United States, under the provisions of the second
article of the treaty of 1835; and also thatstrip of
the land ceded to the nation by the fourth article of
said treaty which is included in the State of Kansas,
and the Cherokees consent that said lands may be
included in- the limits and jurisdiction of the said
State
"■The lands herein ceded shall be surveyed as the
public lands of the United States are surveyed, -under
the direction of the Commissioner of the General
Land Ofliee, and shall be appraised by two disinter-
ested persons, one to be designated by the Cherokee
national council and one by the Secretary of the
Interior, and, in ease of disagreement, by a third
person, to be mutually selected by the aforesaid
appraisers; the appraisement to be not less than an
average of $1 25 pir acre, exclusive of improvements.
"And the Secretary of the Interior sball from time
time, as such surveys and appraisements are ap-
proved by him, after due advertisements for sealed
bids, sell such lands to the highest bidders for cash
in pareels not exceeding one hundred andsixty acres
and at notless than the appraised value: Provided,
That whenever there are improvements of the vtilue
©f fifty dollars made on the landsnot beingmineral,
and owned and personally occupied by any person
for agricultural purposes at the date oi the signing
hereof, such person so owning, and in person residing
on such improvements, shall, after.dtie proof, made
under such regulations as the Secretary of the Inte-
rior may prescribe, be entitled to buy, at the appraised
value, the smallest quantity of land iu legal subdi-
visions^ which will include his improvements, not
exceeding in the aggregate one hundred and sixty
acres, the expenses of survey and appraisement to
be paid by the Secretary out of the proceeds of sale
of said land; Provided, That nothing in this article
shall prevent thoSecretary of the Interior from sell-
ing the whole of said lands not occupied by actual
settlers at the date of the ratification of this treaty,
not exceeding one hundred and sixty aeres to each
person entitled topreemptien under the preemption
laws of the United States in a body, to any responsi-
ble party, for cash, for a sum not less than one dollar
per acre."—14 United States Statutes-at-Large, 804-807.
Before this treaty was made, the Cherokee
Indians had practically abandoned the neutral
lands, and about one thousand and three fami-
lies of American citizens had settled on tliem
and made valuable improvements with a view
to secure homesteads or acquire titles under
the preemption laws. This was done with the
knowledge of the Indians, and without objec-
tion, if not with their direct sanction and ap-
proval.
The preamble to a resolution adopted in the
House of Representatives July 13,1868, states
that—
" Between August 11,1866, and June 6,1868, about
two thousand additional families have settled on said
Cherokee neutral lands, each family occupying one
hundred and sixty acres, on which improvements
have been made at an average cost of about livu
hundred and ten dollars, beside expenditures for
living of 8450 for each family, said settlement and
improvements being made without objection from
any source and on the faith that the settlers would
be protected in theright to acquire title to said lands
as other settlers on the public lands. On the 30th
day of August, 1866, a contract was made by and be-
tween James Harlan, Secretary of the Interior, and
the American Emigrant Company for the sale of cer-
tain portions of said lands, which contract has been
assigned by said company to James F. Joy, said con-
tract and assignment being on file in the Department
of the Interior. A supplemental treaty between the
United States and said Cherokee nation was made
April 27, 1868, ratified June 6, and proclaimed Juno
10,1S6S, all without any knowledge thereof by any
of the persons occupying said lands, and_ which rati-
fies said contract with the American Emigrant Com-
pany and the assignment thereof to said Joy with
certain modifications provided in said supplemental
treaty, but which makes no provision for the protec-
tion of the persons or families who have settled upon
andimprovedsaidlands, but purports to ratify asale
of said lands, including theimprovements thereon."
The contract with the American Emigrant
Company purported to sell these lands at one
dollar an acre, payable in installments, running
nine years, with interest. By the two treaties
"actual settlers" prior to August 11, 18C6,
are so far protected that they are entitled to
buy the lands they settled, "not being min-
eral," at an appraisement made in the mode
