T8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 26,
Ho. of Reps.
■JThe Treaty-making Poioer, dec.—Mr. Lawrence.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior,
and which averages about two dollars an acre.
This exclusion of settlers from mineral (coal)
lands leaves only about four hundred claimants
protected in the right to purchase under the
treaty. AH the residue ot the lands purport to
be sold to James P. Joy at one dollar an acre-,
payable in installments, running nine years.
If these proceedings and the sale to Joy are
valid then the great body of the actual settlers
are left unprotected by law, and' are defeated
in their just expectations.
If the sale to Joy is illegal he has no right to
complain if Congress shallgive protection to the
settlers, nor can he object if they are already
entitled to the benefit of the homestead and
preemption acts. ' '
If Congress has power to cancel the sale to
Joy, even if it was made under color of law,
then the moral question may arise whether it
is the duty of Congress, and if the power exists,
to de feat his expectations of profit, or permit hi m
to defeat the expectations of nearly three thou-
sand families, many of whose members were
soldiers who fought to save the Republic whose
protection they ask, and still more of whom are
women and children who imploringly pray that
they may not be driven from-the homes they
have helped to make and on which they rely
for support. .
Some persons, conceding that the treaty-
making power, unaided by act of Congress, is
not competent to authorize a sale of the pub-
lic lands of the United States to citizens or
others in fee-simple, yet maiptain that the
Cherokee nation of Indians were the absolute
owners in fee-simple of these neutral lands,
and that the treaty-making power is compe-
tent, to sell suck lauds} or thai Die Indians could
authorize the Secretary of the Interior to sell.
1 cannot agree to either of these positions, but
they do not really arise in this inquiry.
I maintain that the Cherokee nation never
had any title beyond a right of occupancy.
In Blackstone's Commentaries, volume 1,
book 2, page 104, it is said:
"I. Tenant in fee-simple is he that hath lands,
tenements, or hereditaments to hold to him and tiis
heirs forever, 'generally, absolutely, and timply,'
■without mentioning heirs, but referring that to
his own pleasuro or to the disposition of the law."
* * * * "This is property in its highest
degree
"Afee, therefore, in general signifies an estate of
inheritance, being tho highest and most extensive
interest that a man can havain a feud; and when
the term is used simply, without any other adjunot,
or has the adjunct of simple annexed to it, (as a fte
or a f'ee-.simple,) it is used in contradistinction to a
fee-conditional at the common law or a fee-tail by
the staluto, impoi ting an absolute inheritance clear
of any condition, limitation, or restrictions to par-
ticular heirs, but dosceudabie to the heirs general,
whother malo or iemale, lineal or collateral."
In Kent's Commentaries, volume 4, part 4,
page 4, it ig said:
" Fee-simple is a pure inheritance, clear of any
qualification or condition, and it gives a right of
succession to all the heirs generally, under the re-
striction that they must bo of the blood of the first
purchaser and of the blood of tho person last seized.
" It is an estate ofperpetuity, and confers an unlim-
ited power of alienation, and no person is capable of
bavins: a greater estate or interest in land. Every
restraint upon alienation is inconsistent with the nature
of a fee-dimple."
A fee-simple is an absolute title—a title to a
person, his heirs or successors forever. The
act of May 28, 1830, authorized the President—
"Solemnly to assure the tribo that the United
States will forever secure and guaranty to them and
their .successois thecountry so exchanged with them,
and if they prefer it, that the United States will
cause a patent or grant to be made and executed to
them for the same."
Not the fee-simple, not the title absolute,
but the occupancy of the " country*1—this was
to be secured and guarantied, and the grantor
patent conveyed this security and guarantee, no
more. The act does not once name the title
to the land. Tn providing for a reversion it
was the land that should revert; Congress did
not even by implication concede a title to the
Indians in any form. The Cherokee tribe had
always occupied lands in common and held no
titles in severalty. The act itself contemplated
an occupancy in common, and then—
" Provided ahoays. That such lands shall revert to
the United States if the Indians become extinct or
abandon the same."
This looks to an occupancy in common—de-
nies the power of sale in the Indians essential
to a fee-simple, and looks to an ultimate ex-
tinction of their right of occupancy.
The act shows that the patent could not en-
large the-character of the assurance" and
u guarantee of -country " contained in it. It
does not authorize a grant to inure to "as-
signs" or vendees of the Indians.
The law itself was enacted to carry out the
hmwn ajid recognized policy of the United
States in relation to the Indian tribes.
The Cherokee nation exchanged their Geor-
gia lands or money claims, for the Kansas
neutral lands.
- The Supreme Court-of the Unitfe&Stateshad
determined the character of the Indian right
to lands and their relation to the Government.
; In 5 Peters, 48, Justice Baldwin said:
" Indians have rights of occupancy to their lands as
sacred £s the fee^simple absolute title of the whites;
hut they are only rights of occupancy, incapable of
alienation or being held by any other than common
right without permission from the Government. (8
Wheaton,592.) In Fletcher vs. Peck this court decide^
that the Indian occupancy was not absolutely repug-
nant to a seizing in fee in Georgia; that she had good
right to grant land so occupied; that it was within
the State and could be held by purchasers under a
law subject only to extinguishment of the Indian
title." (6 Cranch, 88-142; 9 Cranch, 11.)
' "In the case of Johnson vs. Mcintosh, 8 "Wheaton,
547, 571, the nature of the Indian titU to lands was
considered leading to tho conclusion that their ten-
ure was thesame occupancy; thoir rights occupancy,
and nothing more; that the ultimate, absolute fee
jurisdiction, and sovereignty was in the Government,
subjectonly to such rights; that grants vested soil and
dominion and the powers of Government, whether
the land granted was vacant or occupied."
Chief Justice Marshall said:
" They (the Cherokee Indians) occupy a territory to
which weassertatitleindependentof their will,which
must take effect in point of possession when their
right of possession ceases, Meanwhile they are in a
state of pupilage. Their relation to the United States
resembles that of a ward to his guardian." * *
* * "They and their country arc considered by
foreign nations as well as by ourselves as being so
completely under the sovereignty and dominion of
the United States that any attempt to acquire their
lands or to form a political connection with them
would be considered by all as an invasion of our ter-
ritory and an act of hostility."
Justice Johnson said:
" They never have been recognized as holding sov-
ereignty over the territory they occupy."
But if they had a fee, a perfect title, the law
of Congress under which they held it declared
ill at—
"Tho lands shall revert to the United States if the
Indians" * * * * " abandon the same."
No matter how they 11 abandon" it, whether
by voluntary removal, by a surrender of their
rights, by treaty, or otherwise, the lands revert.
The lands do not revert uin trust," but
absolutely to the United States.
The Indians did in fact abandon these lands.
They relinquished their rights by the treaty
proclaimed August 11, 1866. This they could
lawfully do and did do. The effect of this sur-
render and abandonment is not impaired by
the fact that this treaty attempted to cede the
lands "in trust," and to provide for a sale.
If, then, as I have shown, the Cherokee
nation had no absolute fee-simple, no right
themselves to sell these lands, they could not
cede any to the United States, and could not
stipulate that the Secretary of the Interior
should sell a title which they did not have, or
do what they could not do. Yet no one ever
claimed or supposed that the Indians could
sell these lands either to a foreign nation or
to individual citizens. How, then, could they
stipulate for a right to be exercised in their
favor which they did not have? The power to
authorize a sale under a treaty in the form
attempted all rests on the assumption that the
Indians had a fee-simple title, and when this
assumption fails there can be no treaty pawer
of sale.
The pretense that the Cherokees could clothe
the Secretary of the Interior, as agent, with a
power of sale, or that he eotild execute a trust
without the authority of an act ot Congress,
does not deserve to be dignified with a discus-
sion. He is an officer of the Government, with
only such powers as the-statutes give him, and
none of these authorize him to act as agent
for or trustee of the Indian tribes in the man-
ner attempted. He could not be clothed with
a trust without the sanction of-an act of
Congress.
Butif the Cherokees had a fee-simple title the
treaties could not confer upon the Secretary
of the Interior the u power to dispose of and
make needful rules and regulations respecting
the territory" of the Indians so as to effect a
sale of them in the manner proposed.
The Cherokees could, and by the treaties did,
cede to the United States-the Indian right of
occupancy—all the right they'had, whatever it
was.
The treaty-making power, so far as it relates
to the Indian tribes, at most can only create
1municipal, not public law.
1ft Cherokee Nation vs. Georgia, (5 Peters,)
it was held that the Indian tribes are not foreign
nations.
They are not independent nations, exempt
from congressional legislation. All that relates
to the lands over which they hold any rights
may be regulated by congressional law.
In Taylor vs. Morton (2 Curtis's Circuit Court
Reports, 454) the court held that—
"Though a treaty is a law of the land under the
Constitution of the United States, Congress may re-
peat it so far as it is ainunicipal law, provided its
subject-matter is within the legislative power of
Congress
" A promise in a treaty that the products of on©
country shall not be subjected to a'higher rate of
duty than line products imported into the United
States from ether countries ddresses itself to the
political and not to the judicial depar ment of the
Government, and the courts cannot try the question
whether it has been observed or not.
" Though the treaty with Itussi« of December 18,
1832, (Statutes-at-Large, 444J stipulated that no
higner rate of duties should be imposed on goods
imported from Russia than on like articles imported
from other places, this court cannot try the question
whether a certain species of hemp on winch a duty
of twenty-five dollars per ton is imposed by an act ot
Congress is 'like' Russian hempwithin the meaning
of the treaty. This is a question for Congress, not
tor the courts."
And Mr. Justice Curtis says^:
" The truth is that this clause in the treaty is merely
a contract, addressing itseil to the legislative power.
The distinction between such treaties and those
which operate as laws in courts ot justice is settled
in our jurisprudence. It was ciearly pointed out, in
Foste) vs. NeiUon, 2 Peters. 314. By the treaty be-
tween the United States and Spain, ot the 22d ot Feb-
ruary, 1819, (8 Statutes-at-Large, 252,) it was stipu-
lates by the former ' that all grants of land made,
&c., by his Catholic majesty, &c., shall be ratified and
coufirmed to the persons in possession oi tho lands,'
&c. -The question arose whether this clause oper-
ated on the titles to the lands. Mr. Chiet Justice
Marshall, delivering the opiniou ot the court, said:
* Our Constitution declares a treaty to be a law ol the
land. It is, consequently, to be regarded in courts
of justice as equivalent to an act of the Legislature
whenever it operates ol itself without tne aid ot any
legislative provision. But when the terms of tho
stipulation import a contract, when either ot the par-
ties engage to perform a particular act, the treaty
addresses itself to the political not to the judicial
department, and the Legislature must execute the
contract before it can become a rule lor the court.
Alter commenting on the language ot the article, he
proceeds: 'This seems to be the language of con-
tracts; and if it is, the ratification and confirmation
which are promised inu?>t be the act of the Legisla-
ture. Until such act shall be passed the court is not
at liberty to disregard the existing laws on the sub-
ject.' "
This is the established doctrine under this
treaty as well as under that by which Louisiana
was acquired, (8 Statutes-at-Large, 200). See
Garcia vs. Xee, 12 Peters, 519; Talbot vs.
Seaman, 1 Cranch, 1; Ware vs. Hylton, 3
Dallas, 361; Story on the Constitution, section
1888; PaschaPs Annotated Constitution, 249.
And again, in Cherokee Nation vs. Georgia,
(5 Peters, 46,) it is said :
" However individual judges may construe them,
(treaties,) it is the province of the court to coniorm
its decisions to the will of the Legislature, if that will
has been clearly expressed."—Foster vs. Elam, 2
Peters, 307.
