1254
THE CO JSrGEESSIOiSTAL GLOBE.
February 16,
days, and bore the heat and burden of the war,
and pensions will be claimed for those.
While it is very unpleasant to resist the grant-
ing^!' pensions to the soldiers of the war of
1812, old and feeble men, yet I believe in the
present condition of affairs it is our duty to do
so ; and although it may be a very unpopular -
and unpleasant duty to perform yet I feel com-
pelled to perform it. I have no doubt that the
amount that will be drawn from the Treasury
wili not be less than from one to three million
dollars a year. 1 prepared myself at one time
to show the extent of these claims. In the
State of Ohio, where I have pretty accurate
information of the number of men who would
be entitled to pensions as soldiers of the war
of 1812, my colleague will know very well that
every man above the age of sixteen year." in
the State of Ohio was in the military service
of the United States during the war of 1812.
There is not a neighborhood in which there
are not many cases of that kind.
If yon confine it only to the indigent, to those
■who prove themselves paupers, nea rly all those
old soldiers are proud, as they ought to be,
and they will resist this bill; they will not re-
gard it with any favor. I have never yet con-
versed with a soldier of the war of 1812 who
did not look upon this bill as it passed the
House of Representatives at the last session
with utter disfavor. I never saw one who ap-
proved it. If they are entitled to pensions
they are entitled to pensions for their services;
and the mere fact that thoy are indigent and
dependent on others Cor support is no ground
on which to give them pensions.
I believe it is better at once to assume our
duty and refuse to pass any pension hill of this
kind. The soldiers of the war of 1812 have
been treated generously and liberally. They
were paid the last dollar that they claimed.
Various gratuities were given to them from
time to time in the history of the Government;
and finally, in order to lill out and round out
the measure of the bounty of the Government,
they were given one hundred and sixty acres
<i! land, although many of them probably served
but twenty days, and some of them but ten
days. It seems to me wo ought, to be content
with that, arid not now at this moment, when
we are about to feel the suffering of financial
trouble, when every addition to our expendi-
tures will be felt severely by our industry, to
enlarge our pension list.
I never resist a pension for an individual case
when it is reported by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Pensions, lie may report as many
cases as he chooses. Where these old soldiers
come and ask the Government of the United
Slates in individual cases to pension them, and
they make sutlieient proof in their particular
cases for a pension, 1 never have resisted it.
At the last session of Congress I felt, that tlie
duty of opposing this pension bill was the most,
onerous and unpleasant one that I had to per-
form ; and now £ cannot allow this bill to puss
without calling for the yeas and nays upon it.
if the Senate choose then to take the respons-
ibility, as a matter of course I shall be con-
tent ; 1 shall have done my duty ; but I suppose
there is not a quorum present, and I have no
objection to letting the bill go over until to-
morrow, when a quorum will he present, and
taking a vole upon it then without any debate.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the further con-
sideration of the pending bill be postponed to
enabletbeSenate to takoup Senate bill No. 675.
Mr. STEWART. What is it?
Mr. DRAKE. A charter.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. As this bill has now
got so near its termination, I hope nothing will
be interposed to prevent it. I wish simply to
Suite to tile Senator front Ohio that he has
unintentionally misstated thefigures. Bounties
were gianted to the widows as well as to the
soldiers of the war of 1812, and that made up
the number of' land warrants that he speaks of.
J have in my hand a list of the company that
went from this District.. The whole number
was five hundred and fifteen, and there are but
nineteen surviving to-day, which bears out my
calculation. In this paper the names of the
persons living are given from somebody in the
company. I hav^a great many of these state-
ments sent to me on which I have founded the
calculations I have read to the Senate. I have
been as careful as I could be in making them,
and wherever there was room for doubt I have
given it against these survivors ; that is, I have
given it so as to increase the number instead
of diminishing it. I believe there cannot be
more than I have stated. I am firm in that
belief. I have bestowed a great deal of time
on this subject, made a great many inquiries,
and obtained all the information I could that
had any bearing on the question; and ray con-
clusion is that they do not exceed six thou-
sand. I hope the vote will be taken, and that
the bill will be passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we may as well
take the vote now as ever on this bill. There
is a quorum present.
Mr. DRAKE. What I wanted was to get
the opportunity of calling up the bill I men-
tioned, and I do not care whether that is done
by voting this bill down or postponing it. The
point, I wish to accomplish is to get up the bill
1 am interested in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to postpone the bill until
to-morrow.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. On that motion I
ask for the yeas and navs.
Mr. FERRY and Mr." EDMUNDS. Let us
take the vote on the bill.
Mr. DRAKE. There seems to be a desire
to have a straight vote on the bill, and there-
fore I have no objection to withdrawing my
motion.
The PflKSIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to postpone is withdrawn. The question
is on the passage of the bill ; and on that
question the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall not occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate more than two minutes.
1 am satisfied, like my friend, the chairman of
the Committee on Pensions, that the honorable
Senator from Ohio greatly overestimates t.he
number of surviving soldiers of the war of 1812.
In my county there were some one thousand or
twelve hundred soldiers who went into that war
in the different campaigns, and there are but five
or six survivors. I believe that is about the
proportion of all who are now living of the sol-
diers of the war of 1812. There were no soldiers
who rendered more important services to the
country. J have no idea that the annual cost
of pensions for the surviving soldiers of the war
of 1812 would be $1)000,000; and I trust that
now, in the evening of the days of those old
veterans, many of whom are in a state of pov-
erty and destitution, they may receive this
bounty from their country.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. If it is in order, I would say
that the eastern men were opposed to the war
of 1812 at the time, and are yet, I believe.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDENTtempore. Itisnotin
order.
The result was announced—yeas 19, nays
20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Abbott, I>nv!.--, McOreery, Morrill
of Vermont., Patterson nt Tennessee, Pool, Ramsey,
Rico, Robeitson, Ross, Salisbury, Sawyer, Spencer,
Tipton,Trumbull, Van \Vuiivic,Y!.::]..cr.-,Hrainer, and
Willey—tl.
NAYS —Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Corikling,
Coimess, Corbett, Crai?in, Drake, tidrnunds, Ferry,
Morgan, Morrill of Maine, O.-born, l'atterson of Now
Hampshire, Sherman, Stewart, Thayer .Wade, Welch,
Williams and Wilson—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Comeron,
Catfell, Cole, Dixon, Doohttle, Fes^enden, Fowler,
IVeiinshuyscn, Cfiimes, Harlan, ilarris, Henderson,
Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Kellogg, McDonald,
Morton, -Norton, ]Srye, Poiiieroy, Spiague, Sumner,
Whyte, and Yates—27.
So the bill was rejected.
ACCIDENT AND LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. DRAKE. I now ask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 675, to incorporate the Uni-
ted States Accident and Life Insurance Com-
pany. The bill was reported favorably some
time ago by the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that in order under
the order of the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not under
the order of the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. The pension business is
through.
Mr. STEWART. If that is not in order I
gave notice of a bill that I should call up this
evening to remove political disabilities, and I
desire to pass it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will remark that this evening was set apart for
the consideration of bills reported from the
Committee on Pensions, but they have ail been
disposed of, and of course the rest of the time
is under the control of the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. The pension business is
through, and I suppose that the remainder of
the evening is, as the President remarks, en-
tirely at the control of the Senate. I hope the
Senate will indulge me in the consideration of
this bill, which lam sure will not excite debate,
and it is the last thing I have to ask specially
of the Senate ^t this session.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to say that I have
been striving for a good many mornings to take
up the bill to remove disabilities. There are
a large number of persons urging it, so much
so that it makes it inconvenient for me to be
in Washington any longer unless I can get it
off my hands.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill mentioned by the
Senator from Missouri.
Mr. WILLEY. I should be very glad to
accommodate the Senator from Missouri; but
I trust, the Senate will hearken to the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Nevada. One of the
most difficult and important problems that we
have to solve now, the interest which we have
to take care of, is that ofpeace and good order,
especially in the State of Virgiliia at the pres-
ent crisis. From my knowledge of the condi-
tion of affairs in that State, it is essential that
there should be a consideration given to the
bill mentioned by the Senator from Nevada.
I do not think that it will be possible to ad-
minister justice there and to preserve society,
good order, peace, personal security, and
property there much longer unless the relief is
afforded which the release from political dis-
abilities would give, provided the bill men-
tioned by the Senator fiom Nevada should
pass.
Mr. DRAKE. This bill would have passed
by this time if the gentlemen would have allowed
it to be taken up. It is simply a copy of another
charter of a similar kind granted by Congress
for a company in this District, copied right
from the statute-book. I do not-suppose that
there is a gentleman in the Senate who will
object to it. There are some reasons why I
feel a special desire to see the bill passed. It
will take but a few minutes, and then I will
most cordially do anything in my power in tiie
matter to which the Senator from West Virginia
refers. I hope he will not urge his objection.
Mr. WILLEY. Well, sir, i do not propose
to urge my objection ; but I respectfully ask the
Senator from Missouri what comparison there
is between a little private corporation bill in the
District of Columbia and the peace and order
and welfare of the State of Virginia ?
Mr. DRAKE. We can pass them both in
thirty minutes if the honorable Senator will
allow this bill to come up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill mentioned by the
Senator from Missouri.
The motion was not, agreed to—ayes seven,
noes not counted.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (Ii. R. No. 1880) to relieve certain
persons therein named from the legal and po-
litical disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes, was read twice
