302
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
Everywhere and in every household there has
been Buffrrine which mortal power cannot meas-
ure. Sometimes it is borne in silence and soli-
tude ; sometimesitisnianifesttoall. In coming
into this chamber and asking for compensation,
it invites comparison with other instances. It'
your allowance is to be on account of merit,
who will venture to say that (his case is the
most worthy ? It is before us now for judgment.
But there are others not now before us where
the suffering has been greater, and where, I do
not hesitate to say, the reward should be in
proportion. Thisisanappealforjustice. Tliere-
fori', do I say, in the name of justice. wait!
Mr. HO WE. Mr. President 
Mr. WARNER. I ask the Senator from
Wisconsin if he rises for the purpose of closing
the debate ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to say a few
words before the Senator does that.
Mr. HOWE. Very well.
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I do not
expect to shed any new light on the law of this
question, nor do I expect or intend to speak
at any length. I only desire to bring to , the
attention of the Senate two or three thoughts
which occur to me in connection with this sub-
ject, and particularly in regard to the effect of
the decision you are to pronounce upon the
southern people.
First, in regard to the doctrine of construc-
tive treason gentlemen quote high authorities
here. They quote Vattel and Grotius and
Puffendorf; and yet we all well know that the
authority of these writers rests upon the fact
that their opinions have com mended themselves
to the judgment and conscience of the world ;
and no one can deny our right to bring these
authorities now to the bar of reason and of
justice, and if they cannot stand that scrutiny
their authority fails.
1 cannot, standing in the position that I do
as in part the representative of southern loy-
alists, allow to go uncontradicted any doctrine
which classes those men as enemies; for, sol-
dier as 1 am, in the presence of these south-
ern loyalists, of these men who have been true
to the (lug of the country through all trials, I
stand uncovered. I was a Union man where
it was easy to be for the Union. I was brought
up anil borne forward into the ranks of my
country's Army by an overwhelming power of
public sentiment that I could not withstand
and be a man.
But my friend from the South, the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Robinson,] for ex-
ample, was a Union man where it was hard to be
a Union man ; was a Union man where it was a
continued trial; a Union man where the whole
sentiment of his State and society was against
him; a Union man when there beat around
him a storm ol persecution and hate which it
was hard to withstand. In his presence, be-
fore his devotion to the flag of his country and
to the Union ami to the territorial integrity
ot the Republic, I say I stand uncovered. His
loyalty is superior to mine and to that of any
Senator upon this floor who represents a north-
ern constituency. And 1 feel that, standing
here as the representative in part of men like
him, men whom 1 know have been loyal through
all these trials, I cannot allow to go uncontra-
dicted and unchallengedadoctnne which makes
those men the enemies of their country. Sup-
ported though it be by Vattel and Grotius and
Puffendorf, i yet feel in my heart that it out-
rages every principle of justice and every prin-
ciple ol public policy upon which and upon
which alone rest the authority of those authors
and the decisions of tbe Supreme Court. There
is no authority that may not be questioned;
there is no decision that may not be appealed
from; and if the authorities be, as I deny,
against the payment of the claims of loyal citi-
zens, then from those authorities and from
those decisions I appeal to the sense of the
justice in the public mind and to great consid-
erations of public policy which should rule in
these matters. . .
Mr. President, I would make a wide distinc-
tion in the character of these claims, between
those which are for property destroyed in the
course of the war and those for property taken
regularly and officially by the officers of the
Army for the use of the Army. I do not think
that this is as strong a case as might have been
presented ; and I somewhat regret that the dis-
cussion should not have been upon a stronger
case, such a ease as this which I have in my
mind, where commissary stores were taken by
the order of the general commanding an army
and were issued as rations to our soldiers, the
owners of that property being at the time in
our'armies and holding a commission—there
are many such cases ; or a case like that which
occurred in my own State, where a man whose
loyalty cannot be questioned bought a draft
upon a bank in New Orleans, and before it
could be presented the money in bank was
seized by the general commanding there, and
paid into and is now in the United States
Treasury.
But one word as to the amount of these
claims. I do not think, from my observation
of the South, that the amount of these claims
will be very large. 1 think when we talk about
thousands of millions, about an infinite draft
upon the Treasury, we are talking at random.
If there be honesty enough in courts, if there
be honesty enough in Congress, if there be
honesty enough in man to scan the testimony
and learn who is loyal and who disloyal, the
amount of the claims for which the Govern-
ment will be liable under the rule I have
stated, to loyal men will be comparatively
small. I do not believe it will roach at the
outside $60,000,000.
But. sir, 1 wish to say a word to the Senator
from New Jersey, who told us that ic is a poor
return from the South, after we have saved
them from the hands of the rebels, to come up
here and ask our money; that we went down
there upon their entreaty and rescued them
from the hands of the rebels and brought them
back again under the authority of the United
States. Mr. President, I deny the doctrine.
I deny that we went down there only for the
purpose of rescuing those loyal men. I say
that I went as a soldier, and your armies went,
and you sent them, not alone to rescue the
loyal people of the South, but because the
existence of the Republic was endangei-ed.
Have gentlemen forgotten that rebel cannon
were thundering within hearing of your Capi-
tol, and that you yourselves sat here in dan-
ger? Then, s;iy not that this war was prose-
cuted simply lo reiieve and rescue a few loyal
men at the South, and that that being done
they ought to be satisfied.
No, Mr. President; we prosecuted this war
for the life of the nation, for the territorialin-
tegrity of the Republic ; we prosecuted it in the
interest of civilization and humanity, and not
merely to rescue a few individuals ; and we
have no right to say to them that they make us
a poor return when they come here and demand
pay meut for injuries sustained. We were bound
up with them in the great general result.
Now, even if it were true that these claims
were of the magnitude which is alleged I say
it is a nobler and a betterground for this great
Republic to take to say, '' Your claim is just and
right and fair, but we cannot pay itbut do
not .say to these southern loyalists, "You are
our enemies, and therefore we will not pay
you." Say to them with the honesty of an in-
dividual, " Your claim is just and right, but
considerations of public policy and necessity
compel us to say that we cannot pay it."
The same thing might have been said of
our public debt. With a public debt of
$4,000,000,000, as we had at the end of the
war, including our bonded and floating debt,
doubtful or timid men might have thought and
said, " We cannot pay this; we must repudiate
it." I say, Mr. President, and I feel that the
country is able to and is willing to pay these
men. All the country will ask of us is that we
shall carefully scrutinize these claims, and see
that none but loyal men are paid. I know the
'sentiment of the loyal masses' of the North is '
that of the warmest sympathy for thfi loyal suf-
fering Union men of the South, and that they
are willing, while they are demanding here,
and demanding rightfully, as I feel, that we
shall discharge our existing indebtedness fairly
and honorably, according to the letter arid the
spirit of tbe law ; that we shall also deal justly
and fairly and honorably with these southern
claimants.
Remember what these Union men have suf-
fered in the interest of the nation. In the
interest of humanity and in the cause of right,
and as an act in which I glory as. much as any
man, you stripped them of their property in
slaves. At one blow, wftli one dash of the
pen, you struck out of existence $4,000,000,000
worth of property ; you perhaps took from the
pocket of my friend on my right [Mr. Robin-
son] a hundred or more thousand dollars, and
yet he does not complain. I rejoice that we did
it. We did it in the interest of the nation, in
the interest of right; and I cherish it as one
of the proudest and noblest and best results
of the war. and as almost compensating, if
anything could compensate, for the glorious
blood that was shed, that we are to'day a
free people, and that, men may everywhere now
read the Declaration of Independence without
shame and say that all men are created free
and equal. But remember what we suffered,
and be careful that you do not go a step fur-
ther and say to them upon a technical doctrine
of constructive treason they are our enemies
and we will not pay them for the bread upon
which we subsisted our soldiers while lighting
this war.
Let me tell you, gentlemen, further, that the
cause of reconstruction is an important and
vital one. Look well at all the signs of the
times, and let me admonish you, ajjd partic-
ularly let me admonish my own party asso-
ciates on this floor, that we have no friends
to spare in the southern States; and let me
t.ell you that if you deny the payment of a cer-
tain class of claims, which I have indicated,
to loyal men, you will have, and the country
and the flag and the Republic will have, less
friends at the South than you have to-day.
The well-being not only of the loyal men of
those States, but of all the people of those
States, the well-being of the white men, and
the well-being of the millions of colored men
whom we have liberated, and the well-being
of the whole country in its entirety, hinges
upon the success of our plan of reconstruc-
tion, and let me exhort you that you drive not
from our ranks any of our friends, for we have
none to spare.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I had not
intended to participate in this debate at all. I
listened with a good deal of interest to the
argument upon the law that has been made for
several days past; but, upon reflection, I am
satisfied that we must take a much broader
view of this question than the technical and
narrow rules of law that have been read for
our instruction. As the circumstances of this
case are different from those of most of the
cases upon which the rules have been founded,
so we should rather look to the peculiar con-
dition of our country in order to determine
this question aright than look to the opinions
of Vattel, Puffendorf, or Grotius.
So far as this claimantis concerned, I doubt
very much whether she occupies that position
which entitles her to recovcr. But as this case
has been discussed in its general aspects, rather
than with reference to her particular claims, I
shall so consider it. In this case I will vote
to recommit the bill.
But, Mr. President, let me take the case of
a Union man in the South who has borne the
heat and burden of this civil war, who has been
persecuted, and who has sustained all those
hardships that we know were incident to the
condition of a Union man in the South during
the war. To say that we will treat him as a
public em my, and that we will refuse to pay
him for his property deliberately taken by the
Government, where under the same circum-
stances we would pay a man living in the North
