1869.
mm CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
for his property taken by the Government, is
revolting to the plainest priniples of justice.
I cannot, subscribe to any such doctrine. Why,
sir, I know that "where a camp was organized
in the btate of Indiana, or Ohio, or Pennsyl-
vania, for the purpose of collecting and pre-
paring troops, the owner of the property was
indemnified by the Government for the dam-
age done to it, or where forage and provis-
ions were taken for the purpose of subsisting
those troops the parties were indemnified for
their property. To say that we will not pay
a Union man in the South where his property
has been taken under the .same circumstances
is revoking'to. the common principles of jus-
tice. _ I would throw to the winds all these
technical rules by which the Union man of the
South is to be treated as a public enemy, and
by which we shall refuse to do him that justice
which we would do to a man in the North
of doubtful loyalty who was living in peace,
comfort., and safety.
Mr. President, there was one authority re-
ferred to I believe by the Senator from West
Virginia, [Mr. Willey,] which perhaps might
even cover all the cases; and I think that was
in Vattel. He can correct tne if [ state it in-
correctly. That authority was that even, for
example in a loyal State or in apart of the
country where the insurrection did not prevail,
if the Government deliberately took property,
as a house or a garden, to make a rampart or
fortification, or if it took forage or subsist-
ence deliberately, the Government was bound
to make payment. According to that authority,
as 1 understand it, when General Lee invaded
the State of Pennsylvania and the army of
General Meade was falling back, if, in the
course of a march or a battle they ran over and
destroyed the property of loyal men, that would
be an act of war for which the Government
would not be liable even in a loyal State.
And, sir, applying that principle to the
southern States, where General Sherman on
his march or in the course of a battle passed
over and destroyed the property of Union
men, the Government is not liable; but if
General Meade in the course of expelling Lee
deliberately seized property which became
necessary for a fortification, or seized the for-
age and provisions of loyal men arcund him
there, the parties would be paid, and under
the same circumstances they should be paid in
the South, always upon the condition that they
are true and loyal men.
Then does not the rule reduce itself down
simply to this, that wherever a loyal man in
the North would be paid for his property
which was deliberately appropriated by the
Government, a loyal man in the South should
be paid for his property deliberately appro-
priated by the Government; and where in the
North a loyal man would not be paid for prop-
erty destroyed in the course of a march or of
a battle, so in the South a loyal man should
not be paid for his property destroyed in the
same way.
Can we afford to make any other rule on this
subject? We might save some money by mak-
ing another rule; but it would in the end be
penny wise and pound foolish economy. After
having expended some five thousand million
dollars t,o keep the South in the Union, and
after all our labors to build up a loyal party
down there, shall we come here making slip-
wreck in the end by declaring upon the floor
of the Senate that the loyal men whose hard-
ships aud sufferings we can never estimate
shall be treated as public enemies, and that
we will not pay them under the same circum-
stances under which we would pay a man for
the taking of like property in the North. I
can never consent to it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President 
Several Senators. Let us adjuttrn.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will give way for that
purpose.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will give
way, I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 12, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
FINANCE AND CURRENCY.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unaw
imous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1669) to authorize the issue of a national cur-
rency, and assure its stability and elasticity,
lessen the interest on the public debt, and re-
duce the rate; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
referred; and I propose, with leave of the
House, to give some reasons why it should be
put on its passage.
Mr. GARFIELD. I shall object if it is pro-
posed to call the bill back, on the motion to
reconsider, for the purpose of acting upon it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 do not
propose to do that. *
Mr. GARFIELD. Then, I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, the currency of a highly commercial,
expanding, industrious, and productive and
free people, by which their values are meas-
ured and exchanged, should be uniform, sound,
cheap, stable, and elastic.
Uniformity is that quality which gives the
same value in every part thereof to the money
of a country. This quality our present cur-
rency possesses in a sufficient degree of per-
fection.
Soundness may be defined as certainty that
the currency is so secured that it can never
fail of exchangeability for equal intrinsic
values.
No American permits himself to doubt but
that our legal tenders and national bank notes,
secured by the pledge of public faith, guaran-
tied by all the resources and power of the conn-
try, are to be made good to the extent of value
printed on their face. Our present currency,
therefore, possesses the quality of soundness
for all purposes of internal business and
trade.
As to cheapness, all financial writers agree
that a paper currency is the cheapest oi' all
possible mediums of circulation, whether as
regards the cost of its supply or of its wear
and tear, or because of being non producing
capital while circulating from hand to hand.
If gold and silver were used in its stead, or
locked up as a basis for its redemption, they
would be so much idle and dead capital doing
duty as currency only, and the nation so using
it would suffer the loss of interest on so much
wasted capital. 11 is apparent that paper being
but the sign or token of value yields no loss of
interest upon itself as capital while used as
currency.
While, therefore, in these particulars, our
present currency is cheap enough, yet there is
another sense in which that term is sometimes
used in relation to money, but more properly to
capital, which our present currency wholly fails
to satisfy, and which it will be necessary to
examine hereafter. I refer to the enormous
price at which money or capital is now fur-
nished to the consumer or user.
Stability of currency is, perhaps, the most
important of all its attributes. It may be well
enough defined as a quality of currency when
used as a standard and measure of value which
renders it unchangeable at all times as com-
pared with itself. A measure of value should
no more change than should the measures of
length, quantity, or weight. It should be at
all times one and the same. When all the
property of a people is once adjusted to such a
measure of value it is of comparatively little
moment what that measure may be.
To illustrate: we have two measures of
weight, the pound troy and the pound avoir-
dupois. We find no special inconvenience in
their use, as the classes of objects submitted do
their measure have remained unchanged for
many years, and are bought and sQid, with
regard to the difference between them, which
also is invariable. So as -to length. It is
entirel/unimpbrtant wliether we had adopted
at fipfft the imperial yard of Britain or the metre
otySVance as a measure of length, provided we
" aintain it unchanged.
In the sense in which we have defined sta-
bility our present currency is greatly deficient.
This arises from the fact that instead of being
nn unvarying standard of value of itself it is con-
tinually measured by another standard, to wit,
gold, which is itself variable. Further, our
currency is still more fluctuated by empirical
attempts, either of legislation or administra-
tion, on the one hand to increase its value by
bringing it nearer to gold, or on the other by com-
binations of brokers and bankers to reduce or
enhance its value for the purposes of specula-
tion and unjust gain. 1
This variability in our legal tenders is yet
more largely enhanced because of the law which
provides that they shall not be received for the
duties imposed by the Government on imports,
which annually amount to forty-five hundredths
of the whole currency in circulation. To buy
this sum in go'd, therefore, causes our lawful
money to be used in fact as an article of mer-
chandise or commodity, to be exchanged for
gold, which, for this purpose, is the only legal
value in the country.
If, on the contrary, the legal tender had
been made receivable in payment of all public
dues, whether internal or external, and the
amount issued fixed by law had remained un-
changed, without power in the Secretary of
the Treasury by hoarding, funding, or retiring
it to change its volume, it would then have
become a fixed, permanent, and stable value,
to which all the property of the country would
have assimilated itself—a standard not to be
changed save by a law, of which change the
whole country would have ample previous
notice.
As its value as a standard would, in that
case, have depended on the amount or value
fixed by law, it is difficult to see why the cur-
rency might not be as unchangeable and un-
varying a measure of the value of all property
as the yard and pound the measure length
and weight of all substances, are made invari1
able by legal enactment.
The term elasticity, as applied to currency;
I will define as the power of contracting or
expanding its volume, according to some known
rule, to meet the necessities of its use in busi-
ness, arising from its activity, its sluggishness,
or from the needs of increased population.
At first thought this quality might seem
opposed to the definition of stability which we
have just given, bat careful consideration will
show that it is not so, as elasticity, as an at-
tribute of currency, should pertain to it, not as
a measure of value, but as a representative of
active capital.
Stability is the fixedness of the volume of
the currency as compared with property meas-
ured by it. Elasticity increases or lessens the
volume determined by the necessities for its
use. Elasticity is by no means synonymous
with fluctuation, the latter being the increase
or diminution of value of the currency at one
time as compared with another; the former is
the change of volume only as compared with
itself.
To give an illustration from a sensible ob-
ject: water is the most unstable, but the least
elastic of substances.
A currency to meet this requirement of
elasticity should have such capability of volume
as to adapt itself to the highest needs of the
internal business and commerce of the country,
and at the same time such contractability as to
adapt itself to the state of greatest depression
without in either case affecting its soundness
or stability or value. This quality of the cur-
rency is the element of its highest usefulness
and safety as a circulating medium. In noth-
ing is our present currency more deficient. - It
