1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
79
40th Cong....3d Sess.
The Treaty^naldng Power, dec.—Mr. Lawrence,
Ho. op Rep?..
In 2 Story on the Constitution, section 1838,
it is said :
"Itwill not be disputed that they (treaties) are
subject to the legislative power, and may be repealed,
Jib- other laws, at its pleisure."
In the Convention that framed the Constitu-
tion, August 15, 1787, Mr. Mercer said;  
" Treaties would not be final,  o as toalter the lows
of (he land, till ratified by legislative authority. This
was the case of treaties in Great Britain, particu-
larly the late treaty of commerce with France."
August 23, Mr. Wilson said:
"The king of Great Britain was obliged to resort
to Parliament for the execution of the most import-
ant treaties."
Congress has not only regulated the exercise
of the treaty-making power as to these neutral
lands, but has by law specifically provided, by
the act of May 28, 1830, that when they are
abandoned by the Indians they " shall.revert
to the United States." -<
The "homestead " and "preemption" laws
give the right to enter public lands after the
Indian title is extinguished and after survey.
These treaties with the Cherokees attempt to
say, in violation of the.act of May 28, 1830,
that the lands shall not revert, and, in violation
of the homestead and preemption laws, that
they shall not be subject to homestead and
preemption entry and settlement. ,
As the Cherokees have abandoned the lands,
and their title has been extinguished and the
lands have been surveyed, it is to my mind clear
that all said lands have reverted to and are
owned absolutely by the United States, and
are now subject to homestead and preemp-
tion entry and settlement, and the sale in form
to Joy cannot impair or interfere with- these
rights.
If there could be any doubt about this, Con-
gress has ample power, as already shown, to
repeal the municipal provisions of the treaty
purporting to authorize a sale of those lands,and
thus give relief to the settlers. By the Consti-
tution "no State shall pass any law impairing
the obligation of contracts," (article 1, sec-
tion 10.) But there is no such prohibition on
Congress, except as vested rights are protected.
In my judgment, Congress has the exclusive
power to provide for the sale of the public lands,
whether in Indian occupancy or not. The exer-
cise of the power is only a question of policy
and good faith. This grows out of the power
conferred on Congress—
" To dispose of and make all needful rules and regu-
lations respecting the territory or other property be-
longing to the United States "—
and of the power—■
" to admit new States"—
into the Union ; " and it arises from the sov-
ereignty of Congress as to the lauds." (Con-
stitution, article 4, section 3.)
The congressional power to dispose of the
public lands is necessarily exclusive. It cer-
tainly is not exclusively a treaty-making power.
It is not necessarily any part of that power.
As to unoccupied lands it could not be a treaty
power. It is necessarily a congressional legis-
lative power. To hold that it is concurrent with
any other power is to reverse all rules of con-
struction and introduce inextricable confusion.
It is unsafe to permit the land policy of Con-
gress to be overturned by the treaty-making
power.
Justice Baldwin, in Cherokee Nation vs.
Georgia, said:
"The second clause of the third section of the
fourth article of the Constitution is equally convinc-
mg: 'The Congress shall have power to dispose of
and make all needful rules and regulations respect-
ing the territory of the United States.'_ What that
territory was the rights of soil, jurisdiction, and sov-
ereignty, claimed and exercised by the States and the
old Congress, has been already seen. It extended to
the formation of a Government whose laws and pro-
cess were in force within its whole extent with' ut a
saving of Indian jurisdiction. It is the same power
which was delegated to the old Congress, and, ac-
cording lo the judicial interpretation given by this
court in Gibbon* v*. Oyd?n,9 Wheaton, 909. thewoi'ds
to regulate.'implied in its nature full power over the
thing to be regulated. It excludes nfcetsardy the ac-
tion of all others Jthatwouldperform the same operation
on the sante thing."
Jadge Story, in discussing the treaty-making
power, limits it thus:
"A power {to make treaties] given, by the Consti-
tution cannot be construed to. authorize a destruc-
tion of other powers [to dispose of lands] given in
the same instrument. It must be construed* there-
fore. in subordination to it, and cannot supersede or
interfere with any other of its fundamental provis-
ions. Each is equ-tliy obligatory and of paramount
authorhy within its scope, and no one embraces a
right to annihilate any other." -
In the United States vs. Gratiot14 Peters,
525, 538, the court, in commenting on the
words of the Constitution u dispose of," say:
" The disposal mu*t be left to the discretion of Con-
gress. The power over the public lands is vested in
Congress by the Constitution without limitation
In Scott vs. Sanford, 19 Howard, 436, it was
said:
"This clause o^fche Constitution Authorizing Con*4
gress to 4 dispose of the territory,' applied only.to the
property which the States held in commop.at that
time, and has no reference whatever to any territory
which the new soverignty might afterward itself
acquire."
But the power to govern territories," and as a
consequence to dispose of the public lands, was
declared to be:
'* The in evitable consequence of the right to acquire
territory,"—Page 443. /
And the court said—
" We do not mean, however, to question the power
of Congress in this respect. The power to expand
the territory of the United States by the admission |
of new States is plainly given.''—Page 447.
And referring to this same territory acquired
from France, including the Cherokee neutral
lands, the court say:
"It was acquired by the General Government as
the representative and trustee of the people of the
United States, and it must therefore be held in that
character for their common and equal benefit." *
* * $ It is undoubtedly necessary that
some Government shouid be established in order to
organizesociety and to protect the inhabitantsin their
persons and property; andasthepeopleol theUnited :
States couid act in this mattcronly through the Gov-
ernment which represented them, and through which
they spoke and acted when the territory was ob—
tained. iMoers not only within th$ scope of its powers,
but it was it* duty to pass such laws and establish such
a government as would enable those by whose author-
ity they acted to reap the advantages anticipated
from its acquisition, and to gather there a popula-
tion which would enaWe it to assume the position to
which it was destined among the States of the Union.
The |k>wer to acquire necessarily carries with it the
power to preserve and apply to the purposes for
which it wasacquired. The form of government to be
established necessarily rested in the discretion of
Congress.'*— Page 448.
It will be seen the power to dispose of the
public lands and to institute territorial govern-
ments are declared to exist, and it is immate-
rial whether they rest on the clause authorizing
Congress to "dispose of the public lands" or
the power to admit new States.55
In either view the powers are exclusively in
Congress.
in 19 Howard, 447, the court say:
"As the propriety of admitting a new State is com-
mitted to the sound discretion of Congress, the power
to acquire territory for that purpose, to be held by
the United States until it is in asuitable condition to
become a State upon an equal footing with the other
States, must rest upon the same discretion. It%s a
question/or the political department of the Government,
and not the judicial: and whatever the political de-
partmentof the Governmentshall recognize as within
the limits of the United States the judicial depart-
ment is also bound to recognize/'
By the political department is here meant
Congress especially. (7 Howard, 1.)
The President and Senate, under cover of
the treaty-making power, cannot establish a ter-
ritorial or State government. That, by the
universal opinion of all lawyers and courts,
"Is a question for the political department."
The power to dispose of the public lands is
exclusively in Congress for various reasons:
First, if the treaty-making power can dispose
of the public lands they may make a sale in one
gross quantity which would forever prohibit the
possibility of establishing or maintaining a ter-
ritorial or State government.
Second. A power conferred on Congress
without limitation is necessarily exclusive, and
powers granted to the President and Senate
must be so construed as to limit each depart-
ment to its appropriate functions. (Urited
States vs. Niclioll. 1 Paine It., 646.)
The House of Representatives has reyeat-
edly affirmed that the treaty-making power
could not dispose of the public lands.
On the 13th July. 1868, the House passed
the following resolution :
• Resolved by the Senate and Souse of Repress Wives
of the United States of America tn Congress as* mbled.
That in all cases where any person, prior ro Jane 10,
186$, shall have settled on any tract of bind of one
hundred and sixty acres or less, in the body of lands
known as the Ciieiokee neutral lauds, and shall have
made improvements thereon of tho value of fifty
dollars, and occupied such tract for agricultural pur-
pose®, such perfeon, his&eirs or assigns, so occupying
any such tract of land shall, after due proof made
in such manner as may be prescribed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior* be entitled to enter and receive
a patent for the lands so occupied oh paying $1 25 an
acre within one year, in such manner as the Secre-
tary of the Interior may prescribe. And the money
so to be paid for said lands shall be paid over to said
Cherokee Indians."
This remains undisposed of in the Senate.
. On the 27th May, 1868, a treaty was con-
cluded with thfe Osage Indians by which eight
million three thousand two hundred and three
acres of laud were to be sold to the Leaven-
worth, Lawrence, and Galveston Railroad Com-
pany for nineteen-cents an acre.
On the 18th of June the House passed a
resolution, as follows:
"Resolved* (as the sense of this House.) That tho
objects, terms, conditions, and stipulations of the
alores-iid pretended treaty are not within the treaty-
making power, nor are they authorized either by tho
Constitution or lawsof theUuitedStates; andthere-
iore thi* House does hereby bolemnly condemn tho
same, and does also earnestly but respectfully express
the hope and expectation that the Senate will not
ratify the said pretended treaty.!'
- The Senate has not yet acted on the treaty.
Some limit must be affixed to the treaty-making
power. It has been well said that—
"If such an innovation of the rights of the House
or ot the rights of Congress be allowed to go unchal-
lenged there is little else in the way of legislation
that may not be done by treaty. Why may not the
right of suffrage be regulated by reciprocal treaties?
^ ny not so fix the price of our pubUe lands? Why
may not internal improvements, canals, and railroads
be secured on the international reciprocity plan?
Why not leave reciprocity in fortification treaties?
Why not thus regulate the rates of postage ? Why not
reestablish slavery by a reciprocal treaty with Brazil
or the king-of Dahomey? Why not have reciprocal
naturalization treaties? WhymaynotNew England
be thus put out in the cold, or theState of Michigan
be alienated by treaty with the Canadian Domin-
ion? Why no' borrow money or resume specie pay-
ment by virtue of a rooftprocity treaty?
"These interrogatories give some indication of the
possible scope of the powers cla mod and the easy
manner in which power may slide into the hand*? of
the few, and, without changing the form of our (Gov-
ernment, wholly subveit its popular character."—
Morrill's Speech, Senate, January 14,1869.
Congress has powfer to declare war as well
as to dispose of the public lands. The treaty-
making power can no more dispose of the lands
than itcanbind the nation to engage in aforeign
war.
Mr. Speaker, I cannot predict, but I cannot
doubt what will be the final decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States on the
questions I have discussed. I do not believe
that three thousand families will or ought to be
driven from homes acquired under the circum-
stances I have stated.
The Legislature of Kansas can enact an oc-
cupying claimant law and a five years' statute
of limitations, which will give some protection
to these settlers and bring their rights to a
speedy decision. 1 believe they now are en-
titled to the benefit of the homestead and pre-
emption laws.
1 believe it is the duty of Congress to assert
its rightful power over the public lands, by
enacting alaw to rescind the sale to Joy, and
thereby to thatextentannul the treaty. Good
faith and justice to the Cherokee nation require
that these lands should be opened to preemp-
tion entries, and the money for which the lands
shall thus be sold be paid over to that nation.
If the treaty-making power is tolerated or
sustained in the assumption of a right to dis-
pose of the public domain, these Kansas set-
tiers will not alone be the sufferers; but the
