1256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Elijah B. Munn. Benjamin F Bean, S. P. Martin,
Joseph E. Martin, John Kitchens, John L. Mar-
grave, John K. Haye, Joseph Haye, Lemuel J. Stan-
sifer, Francis M. Baxter, James R. King, Eli G.
Mathews, W. A. Wayne, George T. Stewart, Thomas
J Wolf 0. W. Rapier, William If. Mcitfamee,
Henry Chamberlain, K.A.Lewis,E.B.Lott, Jerome
Eslava, George F. Taylor. John M. Wright, John II.
Wright, James i.Page, Levi Keomamer, 0. H.Mor-
row. Joseph E. Duran, James M. Kelley, Alexander
McICinstry, John S. Moragne, Henry M. Pickens,
IL R. Wilke, and John A. Minni?.
Georgia.—Twiggs county: E. S. Griffin.
Baldwin county: Dr. Thomas J&\ Green.
Atlanta: Foster Blodgett.
Floyd county: P. M. Seiblcy.
I/uulsiaiw.—Caldwell paribh: Wade H. Hough.
Claiborne parish : John L. Lewis.
New Orleans: J. E. Trudcau.
Caldwell parish: W. E. Cottingham, Anthony^ W.
Faulkner, M. P. Blackstone. Thoogene Castille,
Thomas C. Anderson, and A. G. Osborne.
Madison parish : Robert J. Caldwell, Henry K
Dobson, Robert W. Jemison, and M. L. Hardy.
St. Mary's parish: Ethen Allen, Frederick Gates,
and Washington B. Merchant.
Iberville parish: Mark A. Estedan.
Bienvilloparish: J. R. Head.
Winn parish: A. C. Banks.
franklin parish: Isaac II. Crawford, John Ward,
and Leroy B. Ward.
Concordia parish : Zebulon York, Orlin Mayo, and
D. L. Rivers.
Orleans parish: George n. Case, Frank F. Case,
Philip H. Winfree, M. D. Phelps, Fiederick B. Ear-
hart, Oscar Donnett, R. C. Richardson, George W.
Mader, W. R. Adams, Thomas G. Wilson, William
11. Haskell, St. Clair Johns, Qeorge W. Dirmeyer,
John W. Fairfax. Thomas J. Hough, Josiah F. IiMis,
Joseph Horner, Robert I). Bridges, William B. Mer-
idetli, John \V. Blanks, Kmmett I). Oraig, John J.
Meredith, Frank W. Delcsdemier, J. C. Bridges,
Jacob Humble, P. R. Smith, Emile La Sere, Field
F. Montgomery, J. D. Wimple, and J. J. Stringer.
Mimimppi— Claiborne county : Joshua S. Morris,
James A. Maxwell, S. W. Wood, Prosper 11. Mont-
gomery, J. A. P. Campbell, T. F. VVhittield, George
Moorman. J. M. Stigler, li. B. lioono, W. II. Jones,
Fleming Hodges, E. S.Fisher, and James W. Brooks.
Richard Cooper, Jatnes 11. Whitlicld, and Uncas
Bourno,
.South Oixraliua.—Richland county: Dr. J. W. Par-
ker, Thoma* J. Lamotte, nnd Ainslcy H. Montcith.
Barnwoll county: N. G. W. Walker.
Charleston county: William Whaley, E. M. Whit-
ing, and B. F. Dutikin.
Chester county: W. P. Gill and Eli Cornwall.
Colleton county: J. R. Linder.
Georgetown county: S. T. Atkinson.
Greenville county: II. P. llammett and F. C.
Gowcr.
Horry county: C. B. Sawis.
Fairfiold eouuty: W. W. Boyce.
Marion county: Elly Godbold.
Marlboro' county: W. I). Johnson.
Bumter county: Daniel Keels.
Kentucky.—Fstoll county: Robert lUddolI, jr.
Jofforson county: Phil. Lee.
Arkamnt.—Pulaski county: IS. W. Gantt.
Calhoun county: Alexander Mason.
St. Francis county: W. II. Wills.
Columbia county: J. H. Askew.
2'crmestfce,—Henry S. Foote, of Nashville, and
George W. Jones.
Textu,—Galveston : Edward Burke.
Austin : G. W. Cravrtord.
lirovvnsvill o: Francis J. Parker.
Monda.—Pensacola : J. W. Kelly, George II. Mc-
Neil, and Filo E. Laquee.
Formnidina: S. 13. rUeljin.
Hamilton: AloxanrlerBell, JamesM.Clardy, John
Jirvan, K. J. Bovil, and W. J. J.Dunoan.
Jasper: ilenrv J. Stewart.
Cedar Keys: Lowis Dishang.
Madison: G. M. T. Brinson.
Appalaehieola : B. F. Simmons.
Tallahassee: A. L. Woodward and J. T. Barnard.
Calhoun connty: Luko Lott.
Franklin county: Nathan Baker.
Leon county: B. F. Allen.
Bradford county: Roland Thomas, A. J. Prevatt,
A. J. Weeks, John F. Simmons, R. P. Sordis, J. C.
Richard, James Abbott, John J. Lamb, Isaac Coon,
H, J. York, W. C. llazle, W. II. Perist, F. li. Bakle,
W. M. Andrew, J. li. Hodges, Jacob Hines, and
George Race.
Milton county: Alfred Ilolley.
Monticollo county: James I>. Morris.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator Irom
Nevada.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I ex-
pected that the Senator from Nevada would
explain to us the manner in which this bill is
made up, the examination which has been
given to the lists of names, and particularly
the test by which judgment has been pro-
nounced in individual eases. Here is a vast
body of names in this amendment, but we
haye no information as yet of the manner in
which the committee have proceeded and the
rules upon which their actionhas been founded.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President 
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will give way to the
Senator if he wishes to explain.
Mr. STEWART.*' I do not wish to occupy
any great length of time. I will simply ex-
plain what the committee have done. In the
first place, we have inserted those names that
Senators from the reconstructed States knew
personally and recommended of personal
knowledge. Their letters are in the piles be-
fore me to that effect. Then, with regard to
Virginia, we have inserted the names of most
of those who were investigated by the House
committee, where they have had petitions
from all parties. The names have invariably
gone in where there was an agreement of all
parties. There have been some cases where
there was a contest, as in the case of Judge
Parker, and where there were contests the
Committee on the Judiciary have not yet had
time to investigate the cases. The committee
ordered me simply to take the names that
were well recommended by parties who were
known, and whose applications were made in
a manner which indicated that they were
generally known. I have given the subject all
the attention I possibly could. The papers
are all here on which the bill is predicated.
Most of them are indorsed by Senators and
members from personal knowledge. In Vir-
ginia they are indorsed by various prominent
men, some of them by Republican committees,
some by other prominent citizens. Where
there was no serious conflict of opinion in
regard to the applications the parties' names
have been inserted, and the other cases are
reserved for consideration by the committee.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to ask the Senator
from Nevada whether there is any evidence
that the parties themselves enumerated in the
bill make a request asking for this relief, and
give any assurance that they will accept it
gracefully. I am told that that has not always
been the case, but that many having been re-
lieved by Congress in this way scout our gen-
erosity and liberality.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think there are
any eases of that kind in this bill. We have
the written petitions of the parties in nearly
every case included in the bill. There are, 1
believe, a few cases where the names have been
put in at the suggestion of friends without ap-
plication from the parties themselves, but in
all but <two or three cases, 1 think, we have
written applications from the parties them-
selves.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should think it would
be a very extraordinary thing for Congress to
"extend relief to parties who did not desire it.
Mr. STEWART. So should I.
Mr. RAMSEY. I simply want to know from
the Judiciary Committee what the evidence is.
Mr. STEWART. The evidence in almost
every case is the written application of the
party ; but there are cases where Senators have
had names put in because they said they knew
the parties were right and desired it exceed-
ingly, and therefore they made application in
their behalf.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator does not
answer the question which I put. It is what
test has the committee required for the inser-
tion of a name in the list from cither one of
these States ; what reason, what special cause,
for selecting these individuals from the enor-
mous mass of people who are disfranchised in
the several States of the South. He says that
Senators from some of those States have rec-
ommended that disabilities be removed from
particular persons, and their request in some
cases has been filed, as I understand him; that
generally either letters or applications from
parties proposed to be relieved have been
forwarded to Congress, and the committee have
gone over them and made up these lists. Then
the lists are made up from these two sources
of information, as I understand him ; first, the
recommendations of Senators or Representa-
tives from particular States, communicated
either verbally or in writing to the committee;
and next .written applications as to some of these
persons, which have been filed before the com-
mittee. So far we have information. Now, all
that in my opinion goes for nothing as a basis of
proper legislation. Proceeding upon grounds
of that description is simply inaugurating a
system of partiality. Those who have applica-
tions sent here through particular chaunels are
to be relieved, while all the remainder of the
people are beyond the reach or scope of your
legislation.
What 1 asked the Senator was what test the
committee required for the insertion of these
names. I have had no answer to that ques-
tion. If there is no other reason in their case
except that the committee have been asked
either by themselves or by some friend to have
their names inserted in these lists, I submit
that this is very foolish legislation, very ridicu-
lous.* The aspect which it presents before the
country is not at all creditable t,o us here in
Congress who act upon this subject. There is
no more apparent merit—if that be the ground
on which we go—in the persons included in
these lists than in the great mass of the people
in these several States who are struck at by
the Constitution as amended or by the legisla-
tion of Congress.
Now, the Senator does not inform us, I re-
peat, what test the committee have applied to
these applications. There must be some reason
for acceding to requests made to the commit-
tee and to Congress; some reason beside a
mere desire on the part of somebody to be re-
lieved. If that is a ground for action, I sup-
pose everybody that is suffering under disabil-
ities would desire to be relieved, and if you are
to extend your legislation to the whole extent
of the reason upon which it goes, your law
would become general and would sweep off all
the existing disabilities in these States resting
on individuals, unless it might be, perhaps,
certain classes excepted for special causes out
of the general scope and purport of the law,
as, for instance, those who subjected Federal
prisoners to cruel treatment, or who in some
other way were specially obnoxious and ought
not to be included in a general act of grace
and mercy.
Sir, 1 can understand a bill which is brought
here and explained to us as asking for a re-
moval of disabilities in the case of individuals
who have been selected for office in these States,
who have already been chosen by their fellow-
citizens to fill certain offices, and who cannot
discharge them. You would have an intelligi-
ble ground upon which to proceed in a case of
that kind ; and Congress has passed several
bills relieving disabilities not only of men who
were elected to Congress and who appeared
here, but of men who were elected to office in
their respective States. They have been re-
lieved ; but I submit that so far we have no
ground upon which to put this act which the
Senator from Nevada asks us to pass which
would not apply to the entire population of
these several States, and justify and demand
of a Government which proposes to enact equal
laws their entire inclusion in a bill of this sort.
Now, sir, is the true solution of this question
this: that certain persons connected with poli-
tics in these respective States have thought
proper to recommend to our committees certain
gentlemen who have been active in political
campaigns andean be useful for party purposes,
and their disabilities are to be removed in
order to make them efficient and useful as
servants and instruments of party ? I can con-
ceive no ground upon which this provision is
made except that. So long a^he Senator from
Nevada gives us no other explanation I am
bound to understand, and the people of the
country will be bound t,o understand, that these
disability bills brought in in this manner with-
out adequate explanation are preferred from
motives of partiality and for political consider-
ations alone ; that they stand upon no ground
worthy of public respect, and that Congress
does itself no credit and takes to itself no honor
by their passage.
My own opinion is that in the present con-
dition of political affairs in this country the
best thing we can do with these disfranchised
persons in the South is eitherto pass a general
law removing disabilities from all of them, or
