1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
40th Cong....3dSess.
President s Message and Repudiation—-Mr, Mhingen.
Ho. of Reps.
to hear mentioned the enormous profits they
have derived from this bond and national bank
scheme, so artfuily devised and shrewdly man-
aged. Nor do tliev wish the attention of the
people called to their own rights—to"whatis
due the masses of the people."
Allow me further to say, with a view of cor-
recting what was evidently a mistake of the
Speaker, that the following words contained
in the last few lines of the preamble already
referred to are not mere recital of the Presi-
dent's message, nor are they contained in the
message:
"And whereas such sentiments. If permitted to go
to the world without immediate protest, may be un-
derstood to be the sentiments of the people of the
United States and their Representatives in Con-
gress."
The modesty of the resolution in question is
only equaled by the ability and patriotism of
those who supported it. They speak fully and
freely for " the American people, which under
republican rule, I presume, means whites,
blacks, mulattoes, Indians, Chinese, and all.
Now let me say that in my opinion, if the
resolution had been made so as to read and
utter an expression of the sense of this House,
it would have been at least as forcible, and
certainly more becoming. And then, "that
all forms and degrees of repudiation," &c. I
presume we are to understand by this that
to offer to pay the bondholders in the legal-
tender notes of the Government instead of in
gold is some " form or degree of repudiation."
It is not understood by those gentlemen to be
repudiation in any "form or degree " to com-
pel the crippled pensioner to take rags and green
paint for his pittance; or to force the farmer,
the mechanic, the sewing woman, the business
man to receive rags for their work, labor, and
productions. But ask a bondholder to give
up his bond and take greenbacks, and thus
stop the accumulating interest, that is repudia-
tion in some form or degree." If to do this
and thereby lighten the burden of taxation on a
down-trodden, oppressed, and overtaxed peo-
ple is some form or degree of repudiution,"
then am 1 guilty. " Equal taxation and no
privileged classes" is my motto.
The hypocritical howl and whine raised by
the moneyed interests of the country when you
talk about taxing the bonds, or about the injus-
tice in not having them pay their just propor-
tion of tax, is truly amusing. They are all
loyal; they loaned their money to the Govern-
ment when it needed the money; they must
have the terms of their bond; and when Con-
gressmen undertake to say, and do say, any-
thing like that contained in the resolution re-
ferred to, you hear from Wall street, and from
all those interested in fleecing the people in
this way, the compliments paid by Shylock to
Portia:
"A Daniel come to judgment! yea. a Daniel! 0
noble judgcl 0 wise and uprigbtjudgel How much
more elder art thou than thy looks!"
Away with such stuff, such nonsense! The
fact is that the capitalists and dominant poli-
ticians of this country were the means of pro-
longing the war at least two years, and were
largely instrumental in saddling the Govern-
ment with a debt which, unless a different
policy shall be adopted, never will be paid.
In fact, judging by the funding bill now pend-
ing! which will tax the people three or four
times the whole amount of our debt, enormous
as it is, during (he proposed forty years, and
then not have a single cent of the principal
paid, looks more like repudiation than any-
thing I have seen or heard of lately.
I charge the capitalists and the dominant
politicians with prolonging this war at least
two years ; and while they were doing so a
subsidized press and subsidized stump orators
were charging that it was the Democratic party
that was doing this, and giving aid and com-
fort and sympathy to the enemy. The capital-
ists, with the keen scent of the vulture when a
carcass is at hand, stood aloof, gathering their
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 6.
money together, their safes locked and double-
barred, . their purse-strings tightly tied, their
fingers eagerly clutching their treasure. They
were anxiously counting the days and weeks
when the Government would be compelled to
give them their own terms for their gold. Mr.
Chase, then Secretary of the Treasury, a banker
and capitalist himself, got up the greenbacks;
and gold went up as high as two hundred and
eight-five per cent, in June, 1863. This would
not do! Capitalists wanted abetter thing. The
greenbacks were almost worthless, and made so
by the capitalists themselves. The nation,
bleeding at every pore, must stand the money-
leeches stiil further, and they forced the Govern-
ment to issuing bonds, which sharpers bought
up at forty to fifty cents on the dollar; and to
add to all this their course of policy, financially,
caused the Government to pay two or three
prices for everything required to carry on the
war.
Let me suppose a case : suppose.the honor-
able gentleman from Pennsylvania were in the
Potomac river and struggling for his life to get
out, and suppose that with the aid of forty dol-
lars he would be enabled to succeed; Jay Cooke
comes along, and, comprehending the situation,
with an eye to business, looks at the struggle
of my Pennsylvania friend and calculates liow
long it will be until he can barely sign his name
to a piece of paper, from sheer exhaustion.
He finds my friend getting weaker, and when
he is about to sink Mr. Cooke says, "I will
furnish the forty dollars on one or two trifling
conditions;" almost dying, Mr. Beoomat/l
gasps out, "What are the conditions?" He
is informed that for the forty dollars he must
give Mr. Cooke his note for $100; he must
pay interest semi-annually in gold on the $100,
and in addition must keep,Mr. Cooke clear of
the payment of all local and municipal taxes
on that amount. He also says that the note can
be paid any time between five years and twenty
years'thereafter. My Pennsylvania friend must
have the money or sink and die, and to pre-
serve his existence he accedes to Mr. Cooke's
proposition, and gets outof the river. He gives
his note for the §100, and as time rolls on he
punctually pays his six per cent, interest in
gold, which costs him nine per cent, in the
currency he is compelled to take for his labor,
&c., until he has paid Mr. Cooke the full
amount of the forty dollars in gold, or its
equivalent, which we will presume he received,
and also legal interest thereon. By paying
the interest in gold semi-annually on §100,
and the exemption from taxation counted in,
Mr. Cooke very soon gets his forty dollars
with legal interest. After thinking the matter
over the gentleman from Pennsylvania con-
cludes he would do well to lift that note and
stop the interest. Accordingly, having the
legal right so to do, he demands the note of
Mr. Cooke and tenders the currency of the
country, legal-tenders, for its face. Cooke in-
dignantly refuses. He then offers forty dollars
in gold, the amount he received, anddetaiands
the note. Whereupon Mr. Cooke flies into a
passion, calls such propositions " some form
or degree of repudiation ;" calls to mind the
helpless condition of my Pennsylvania friend
when he was struggling in the river, and gets
all Wall street and all the presses he can con-
trol to denounce bim as a repudiator. Mr.
Broomall remonstrates, and says: "I have
fulfilled my contract;' if I keep paying this
usurious interest it will break me up, so that I
can neither pay interest nor principal; and
you, Mr. Cooke, will thus force me to repudiate
this debt." "Who would call the gentleman
from Pennsylvania a repudiator? Where is
the member that would rise in his place and
denounce any one but the one who held the
note ? Who would say, by resolution or other-
wise, that this was any "form or degree of re-
pudiation?" Who would say that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, by every rule of right
and justice, would not be entitled to his note ?
Who will say that such a manner of extorting
the note in the first place was not swindling,
bare-faced swindling?
Webster defines the word swindling as fol-
lows: "To cheat or defraud grossly, or with
deliberate artifice; as to swindle a man out of
his property." The word swindle, as a noun,
he says is "the act or process of defrauding
by systematic imposition." Who will say that
money so obtained is not obtained by fraud and
systematic imposition? He defines the wor&
repudiation to mean "the act of repudiating
or disclaiming, as the repudiation of a doctrine,
a debt," &c. Repudiation, therefore, would
seem to be less obnoxious than swindling. The
American people, by a large majority, will
indorse such a course ,as proposed by Mr.
Bboomall to Mr. Cooke in this supposed in-
stance whenever the question of such miscalled
repudiation is fairly submittedtto them. Ifthis
be repudiation, then I am a repudiator; and
whenever I shall be forced to choose between
swindling and repudiation I will certainly favor
the latter, as being, if anything, the lesser evil.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we have a parallel case
in our national history. The abolitionists of
the North and the fire-eaters of the South had
been quarreling and wrangling for years—the
North complaining about the undue advantage
the South had in representation, and the South
complaining about the great advantages the
North had in tariffs, &c., until finally the North
and South each got up a sectional party, headed
respectively by Lincoln and Breckinridge, and
ran their candidates upon sectional grounds,
neither party expecting an electoral vote from
the opposing section, nor did they get one.
Treason reared its horrid front, Sumter was
fired on, and grim-visaged war commenced in
earnest. The Government, in place of having
a little breakfast job, as President Lincoln said,
on hand, an outbreak which could easily be
put down with seventy-five thousand men in
three months, soon found itself struggling
for its very life. The country rushed to arms
without regard to party, determined to uphold
the old flag and the Constitution. Assurances
were given by the President and by Congress
that it would not be a war to interfere with the
domestic institutions of the South or for any
other purpose than to restore peace, and proc-
lamations were issued by the President calling
upon the rebels to lay down their arms and
accept the terms of peace offered them upon
that single condition. But no, the South did
not accept the proposition, and the devil was
let loose for a season, apparently, and the
nation was almost in death's agony.
Now here is the parallel: Government strug-
gling for its life ; Wall street brokers looking
calmly on as it is getting weaker from loss ol
blood and the enormous drain upon its ener-
gies ; Wall street broker says to Uncle Sam,
'■ I will let you have §400,000 on one or two
trifling conditions;" Uncle Sam wishes to
find out the conditions, when he is coolly in-
formed that Mr. Broker must have Govern-
ment bonds to the amount of $1,000,000 for
his $-100,000, the same proportion Jay Cooke
demanded,; must have "six pec cent, interest
in gold payable semi-annually on $1,000,000,
and must be exempt from the payment of all
local and municipal taxes thereon, and then
the notes may be payable in from five to
twenty years. Government must have money
or die, and is forced to accejjt the^ swindling
proposition. Jeff Davis & Co. looking on say,
'"A Government forced to that condition
forced to accept such terms cannot stand
long. Let us hope. Her capitalists are do-
ing more to break their Government down
than the con federate forces can do by fighting. ''
They were thus encouraged, and I feel safe in
saying that it the capitalists had come man-
fully up arid advanced their funds to aid the
Govwnmeat to put down the rebellion, as
freely as the soldiers in the field and the sail-
ors in the Navy bared their breasts to the red
