806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
largo portion held for purpose? of investment
would not be tempted to be taken therefrom
without a very large difference between the rate
of commercial interest and the rate at which
it was obtained from the Government; the
controlling limitation in practice on the issue
of this currency would be the rate of interest
paid to the Government for it. Theowners of
this species of capital will never pledge it to
the Government or anybody else for money at
3 -/(/if per cent, on ninety per cent, of its value
unless that money could be safely and profit-
ably invested as productive capital, or, in other
words, unless the business needs of the country
actually required it for its profitable and suc-
cessful prosecution. In that case, and for that
purpose, it is difficult to say why the currency
should riot be extended so as to meet, the neces-
sities of the people when duly restrained by the
rate of interest paid and the kind of security
required for the issue of Government money.
The rate of interest would act as a certain
" regulator" or governor of the amount of the
circulating medium.
As a currency it would be secured to the
holder by the pledge of all the taxes, customs,
wealth, resources, and power of the country.
As capital loaned it would be secured to the
Government by its own bonds at ten per cent,
below their par value and percent, interest
on the difference. How could it differ in value,
except being better, from the bills of the na-
tional banks? It has greater ultimate security,
because all customs duties are pledged for its
redemption in addition to the internal taxes.
It would have—what the bank currency has
not—elasticity. Whenever it were wanted and
the rate of interest rose, it would be taken from
the Treasury and the interest would accrue to
the Government; whenever it was not profit-
able for use to the holder, the rate of interest
falling to 3/^per cent., ingold, he would return
his money and receive his bond, and the Gov-
ernment would have lost nothing by the trans-
action, but gained the intervening interest.
Assuming that over and above the $350,000,-
000 which it is provided the Government shall
issue for its own purposes that an average of
$500,000,000 should be found necessary to be
used as money, then the Government would save
$18,250,000 in gold interest upon that sum, or,
in other words, bo paying but 2^ percent, on
$500,000,000 of its six per cent, indebtment;
that, added to the $18,000,000 now paid to the
banks as interest on the bonds they have depos-
ited for their circulation, say $300,000,000, and
six percent, on llie $100,000,000 now lying idle
intheTreasury, the saving would be $42,000,000
in com, instead of the loss by the present man-
ner in which Government issues its money to
the banks. If it be assumed that the Govern-
ment, under the proposed system, would have
to pay a margin between its certificates and
gold to pay interest on its gold-bearing bonds,
there surely in this saving would be found means
to make up the difference.
If it bo said that this currency will fluctuate,
it is answered its only element of fluctuation
in value is the fact that it may be increased or
decreased by act of legislation. But we all
know how difficult it is to get acts of legisla-
tion passed to alter the currency even when
the country is suffering very grave evils.
It is not to be assumed that the Represent-
atives of the people in both Houses of Con-
gress will unite with the Executive wantonly
and causelessly in legislation that shall unset-
tle the values and currency of the country.
I am quite willing to compare the fluctua-
tions from legislation or the stability of this
currency with the stability of a currency act-
ually and exactly convertible into gold under
the best circumstances in which such currency
has ever been administered for a highly com-
mercial and manufacturing people. I trust
no one will complain if I compare this cur-
rency with the notes of the Bank of England^
B.v the ac*; of 1844, known as Sir Kobert
Peel's act, the Bank of England was put upon
an exact specie basis, i. e., no more no'tes
could be issued than she had gold in her vaults
to pay, in addition' to those notes which expe-
rience had shown in no .case of panic had or
would come in for redemption; for beyond
that amount the bank was not allowed to issue
a single note without a corresponding amount
of gold in the vaults of her issue department,
and that amount of gold was to be kept there
by altering her rate of discount, which it was
claimed would, as it was raised or lowered,
contract or expand the business of the king-
dom.
In thirteen years and five months following
that act, from September 7, 1844, to February
4, 1858, the bank altered her rate of discount
fifty-six times, during which time she quin-
tupled her rate of interest, raising it from two
to ten per cent, on the best sixty-day commer-
cial bills. Between April, 1857, and January,
1858, eleven changes in the bank rate of inter-
est occurred ; and in the year 1858 her rate of
interest whiffled, like the weathercock, Jive
times in five weeks. In addition she suspended
specie payments twice, to wit, October 23,
1847, and November 9,1857, and issued incon-
vertible bank paper, by order of the Govern-
ment, to save all the merchants and banks of
the kingdom from financial ruin, after many
of them had failed; and in November, 1856,
she refused all discounts at any price, even
upon Go vernment securities.
I shall hereafter trace a'few of the more im-
portant fluctuations of the currency in our own
country when upon a gold basis, and the mem-
ory of every business man will furnish many
more. I will compare the probable, nay, the
possible, fluctuations in value of the currency
here proposed because of legislative interfer-
ence with the fluctuations of our own currency
when on a specie basis, or the changes in the
value of money in England, where the buliion-
ists must look for the most perfect exemplar
of that system of convertible paper, back to the
miseries which it causes they would fain force
their country, and I am content, as the country
will be content, to bide the comparison.
If objection is brought against the currency
here proposed, either that it will encourage
speculation or bring disaster upon mercantile
business, or that the rate of interest paid for
bank accommodation will be increased to the
borrower in comparison with paper money
always convertible into gold, I will not trust
any argument of my own in reply, but will
produce incontrovertible authority which no
bullionist dare dispute.
The suspension of the Bank of England in
1847 caused a solemn parliamentary investi-
gation of the workings of the financial system
of paper convertible into gold at pleasure,
which was most elaborately, impartially, and
intelligently conducted; and I point to the
conclusions of the report of the committee
to the House of Lords as a truthful portrait
of the effect upon business and the country of
a currency based on and instantly convertible
into specie. Hear the statement of the facts
developed before that committee:
"It is true that to those who may havo cxpected
that the 7 and 8 Viet., cap. 32, [PeeF s act requiring
the bank to keep specie to redeem her bills,] would
effectually prevent a recuirence of cycles of commer-
cial excitement and depression, the contrast between
the years 1845 and 1847 must produce grievous dis-
appointment.
"To those wlio anticipated that the act would put
a cheek on improvident speculation the disappoint-
ment cannot be less, if reliance is to be placed (as
the committee are confident it may) on tbo state-
ment of the governor of the bank and of other wit-
nesses, that' speculations were never carried to such
an enormous extent as in 1846 and the beginning of
134/,'
"If the act were relied on as a security against
violent fluctuations in the value of money, the fal-
laciousness of such anticipation is conclusively
proved by the fact that while the difference between
tho highest and lowest rate of discount was in the
calamitous years of 18U7 and 1839 but two and a quar-
ter to two and three quarters percent, the difference
in 1847 rose to six and three quarters.
"It it was contemptated that the number and the
extent of commercial failures would have been les-
sened the deplorable narrative of the governor of tbo
bank,.recording the failure of thirty-three houses i
comparatively in large business, in London alone, to
the amount ol i-10,015,000, is a conclusive reply, 1
"If the power of obtaining banking accommoda-
tion on moderate terms were considered to bo pro-
moted by the act of 1814 it cannot be said that this
important object has been attained, since it appears
in evidence that in 1817, in addition to ;iu interest of
nine or ten per cent., a commission was also fre-
quently paid, raising the charge to ten, twenty, or
thirty per cent., according to the time which bills
had to run."
Does anybody believe that an inconvertible
paper currency can do worse than that? "If
so, for him have"I offended."
Having given the distinctive features of the
proposed system of currency I need not em-
ploy the time of the House long upon the
details of its execution.
To prevent shock to business in making the
change I.would require the collectors of taxes
on the first day of every month, beginning the
1st day of July next, to return to the public
depositories all the legal-tender notes received
by them in previous months, which should
never be reissued, but instead, '1 certificates of
value," as proposed, in payment of the ex-
penses of the Government. I would also
require a like return of all the bank notes col-
lected for taxes, and they should continue
to bo received so long as any were offered, up
to the 1st day of January next, at which time
their receipt for internal taxes should cease.
And upon all the amounts of bank notes so
returned five per cent, interestshall be charged
to the banks by the Government, and retained
from the interest payable on the bonds by
which the bills are secured until they are
redeemed by the banks in certificates of value
or in the three per cent, certificates issued in
pursuance of the act of March 8, 1807, and the
act of July 3, 1868, when an aliquot propor-
tion of such securities shall be returned to the
banks redeeming them.
After the 1st day of January the Comp-
troller of the Currency should charge to the
banks five per cent, interest on all the bills
heretofore issued to them not redeemed in the
manner before stated, or, at the option of the
bank, furnish instead thereof the certificates
of value, based on bonds pledged for their
redemption, the lawful money of the Govern-
ment. If the national banks should not choose
to receive money in lieu of their notes, theu
upon their return to the Treasury, the bonds
lodged with the Comptroller of the Currency to
secure them are to be returned.
Experience has shown that fractional cur-
rency, of which there is, say, $30,000,000 in
circulation, is used only to the extent of the
convenience of the people. It is now the prac-
tice of all countries wherein it is made of
metal is so to debase it in comparison with
the standard of' value as to prevent it being
hoarded, exported, or used in the arts.
I would propose, therefore, for convenience
of handling, that the fractional currency, insteud
of paper, should be in denominations of ten
cents and upwards, composed of tokens in the
form of silver coins heretofore used, made of
silver alloyed with some of the metals to such
extent as to prevent hoarding or exportation
or use in the arts as metals, which should be
issued in redemption of the fractional cur-
rency now in use, which paper fractional cur-
rency, after the 1st day of January next,
should not be received except at the Treasury
for exchange for the tokens herein described.
On and after July 1 the Government should
be prepared to issue money in exchange for
bonds as before set forth, and to allow the
money so exchanged to be reinvested into the
same bonds at the pleasure of tho holder.
One, and a not inconsiderable advantage of
this gradual but entire change in the currency
of the country, certainly enough to pay all
possible expense attending it, is the detection
and extinguishment of all the forgeries of bank
notes and fractional currency now in calcula-
tion. It is well known there is now, practi-
cally, no redemption of national bank bills,
lhey are rarely or never returned to the bank
that issued them for redemption, so that no
test can be applied as to genuineness. Laige
aroo^its ol them having been .issued on the
