82
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 2t,
Ho. of Reps.
President's Message and Repudiation—Mr. Mungen.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
flame of battle, the war would not have lasted
half the time it did. The capitalists had the
money to give, and as much as was necessary,
but would not give it until they got two or three
hundred per cent, profit. Out upon the hypo-
critical cry of loyalty now raised by "such men
to extort more money from the toiling and
laboring masses of the country! The capital-
ists, with one or two honorable exceptions, are
fairly chargeable with half the lives lost in the
war.
Gentlemen on this floor can and do talk very
flippantly about the faith of the Government,
the^credit of the Government being maintained
inviolate, the obligations under which we rest
to pay off the national.debt, and they indulge
in a great deal of fanfaronade upon the subject.
Allow me to call the attention of gentlemen to
the fact that the Republican party and a Repub-
lican Congress were the first to introduce any-
thing like repudiation into the national legisla-
tion. Gentlemen may smile and look incredu-
lous, but those smiles and looks do not and
cannot controvert the facts of history. There
are gentlemen now on the floor of this House
who voted in favor of making greenbacks a
legal tender for the payment of all debts ex-
cepting import duties. By their votes they
authorized and countenanced the violation of
private contracts between individuals. A con-
tract or a note which by its express terms was
payable in gold could by their repudiation
scheme be paid in greenbacks worth thirty to
fifty cents on the dollar. States in which the
Republican party had the ascendency in their
legislation were not slow in following in the
footsteps of arepudiatmg Republican Congress.
California, Kentucky, and Massachusetts, how-
ever, were honorable exceptions to this infa-
mous swindle and repudiation. Banks paid
those who had gold deposits in greenbacks.
Among many instances which came under
my own observation I will allude to only one.
A soldier who volunteered in one of the Ohio
regiments, the eighty-second, had a few hun-
dred dollars—lthink $500—of his hard earn-
ings saved for the purpose of buying a home
for himself and his young wife and babe. Hav-
ing volunteered, he was waited on by a very
loyaHlepublican living near Roundhead, in my
district, who wished to borrow l he money. The
soldier loaned him the money and took his note
payable in gold, the same kind of currency he
loaned. Not long after the soldier went to
the field; I think at the battle of Antietam—
not certain as to the battle-field, nor is it ma-
terial—a bullet struck him, and he fell to rise
no more, " with his back to the field and his
feet to the foe." His widow and child left
helpless, she called on the "loyal" gentleman
for the money he had borrowed. He tendered
her the amount in greenbacks, which eost him
forty cents on the dollar. She refused the in-
famous proposition and brought suit in the
common pleas court to recover the gold. But
the court pointed to the repudiation act of a
Republican Congress, decided against the
widow, and she was compelled to take the
greenbacks ; or, in other words, to take forty
cents on the dollar for the claim. But be care-
tul ! That was good enough for the poor widow
and orphan according to Republican legislation.
When Mr. Banker, Bondholder, or shoddy
nabob, however, has to receive anything, it
must be in gold, or else the man who opposes
him and otters him greenbacks is a repudiator.
Is not such a case as I have put " some form
or degree of repudiation?" I call it repudi-
ation of the vilest and foulest kind ; swindling
would be a more appropriate name.
But how is it about the claims of loyal men
against this Government? Millions of dollars
are justly due to honest men from the Govern-
ment. One case will serve to illustrate the
character of these claims, and I feel con-
strained to view the subject briefly, to ascer-
tain whether the majority of this House may
not justly be called repudiators. Mr. Ander-
son, of Nashville—and this is not a fictitious
case—at the time our troops took possession
of that place, was the proprietor of two lum-
ber-yards therein. Lieutenant A. A. Monroe
and forty men of the twenty-first Ohio were
put in charge of the yards, with instructions
to let nothing go out except on written orders
from military authorities. The orders were,
of course, strictly obeyed, and every stick and
board and sash and door were taken by our
Government authorities there, and used by our
troops in the construction of Port Negley, the
barracks, the hospital, the pontoons and rail-
road bridges. The stock invoiced by the books,
at cost price in 1862, was nearly twenty-seven
thousand dollars. It was all or nearly all the
old gentleman possessed on earth. He let it
go freely, relying on the certificates from our
officers ; and here it is nearly seven years and
no payment yet. He has worked and begged,
tried the courts, and is now asking this Con-
gress to pay him. There is no question asked
about his loyalty—that is granted on all hands.
There is no question about the justness of his
claim. He has Colonel Morton's orders and
vouchers. But members say if we commence
paying this class of claims there is no telling
where we will stop—that the Government
cannot pay these claims. Not only this ; the
course of legislation and the policy of the last
few Congresses, all Republican, in regard to
the just claims of all loyal citizens for property
taken, used, and appropriated by our Govern-
ment, tends directly to cut off at least three
fourths of these claims.
What is the reason that the statute of limit-
ations runs against their claims but does not
run against the Government as between it and
our citizens in any case ? The different courts
and commissions and congressional commit-
tees, &c., through which these claims generally
have to run the gauntlet, is much moreintricate
and labyrinthian than Dickens's circumlocu-
tion office. Claimants get into the mazes of
all these things, and after begging, praying",
and entreating for'their just dues are likely to
be referred to the Court of Claims. Going
there, with their hat in hand, they learn to their
utter astonishment that they are barred by the
statute of limitations, six years having elapged
since the Government appropriated their prop-
erty, and, in many instances, left them penni-
less and destitute. Wronged and robbed by
the Government they loved, they are sent home
to eke out their old days as best they can in
poverty and destitution. Do gentlemen here
who voted for these acts—this splendid mix of
circumlocutionand repudiation—seeany "form
or degree of repudiation" made manifest in
these things? Gentlemen do notseem to take
any especial notice of gross violations of the
nation's faith, unless it be something affecting
banker's or bondholder's interests, or touching
the "financial rings,"' now so completely fet-
tering the industry and prosperity of the land
and people. Are not the claims of a farmer,
a mechanic, a soldier, a widow, and orphan, or
a crippled pensioner, as sacred as the claims
of the aristocratic bondholder? The Ameri-
can people will answer in the affirmative.
Now, the non-payment of these claims is re-
pudiation. This neglect is inexcusable in the
Congress, and especially so when we see the
eagerness manifested to assure the bondholder
that he will get his pay promptly, and in gold at
that. What a contrast between the estimation
placed upon the bondholder and the man who
gave all he had to the Government, and now
seeks some return to enable him to live! One
is comforted with high-sounding assurances that
Congress is his most devoted, obedient, and
humble servant, or words to that effect, and the
great name of the American people is called in
to give a kind of spread-eagle gloss to the whole
affair. llow different is the treatment of the
Government's honest creditors! I have often
thou^hf that T would like to know how many
members of this Congress are bondholders and
interested in banking, and to what amount. It
would be advantageous to future generations to
know this as well as to know how many just
claims, such as Mr. Anderson's, are virtually
if not actually repudiated by us, if this kind of
neglect be properly called repudiation. If thia
knowledge would not be advantageous it would
serve to gratify a' very laudable curiosity, and
might be a key to some of the doings in this
our day and generation. Men's farms, loyal
men—the name is now threadbare, but loyal
is the phrase—have been dug up and scarred
and corrugated all over with trenches, rifle-pits,
parapet lines, redoubts, and all manner of field-
works ; their homes destroyed, their lands laid
waste, their timber cut down to give range to
our artillery, and these men fairly beggared.
Their claims are suffered to pass unnoticed ;
their petitions are passed by
"As the idle wind, which we respect not."
Every obstacle, no matter how trifling, seema
to be presented, and all this without the shadow
of an excuse in many instances. Why is this ?
When the bondholder comes forward there ia
no trouble. His gold is ready, his interest
promptly paid, and men high in position are
only pleased to salute him with the utmost
cordiality. No repudiation for him; but the
poor claimant, how different his treatment!
In the case of Sue Murphey no questions are
raised against the justness of her claim or
touching her loyalty. All this is admitted, but
she is toid that she cannot be paid, for it would
open the door to so many other similar claims
that the Government could not pay them.
Here is fair repudiation. Why not say the
Government has too many bonds out, and
therefore cannot pay them? Why not repu-
diate in this line, too? But no; the Govern-
ment must pay them offingold, forsooth. They
belong to bondholders.
Then look at the case of the firm of Childs,
Pratt & Fox, of St. Louis. Under the author-
ity of General Fr6mont they furnished large
amounts of military supplies to the Federal
troops, and received therefor vouchers from
General Fremont's chief quartermaster, Gen-
eral McKinstry. Mark one feature to which I
will allude in a moment, that of blankets fur-
nished by this firm. A large portion of the
blankets were purchased by them from one
Hugh Campbell, of St. Louis. This firm was, I
believe, the only one in the city which responded
to the call of the Government for supplies for
our suffering troops. The balance of the mer-
chants stood back while this firm threw into
the scale all they could, and taxed their credit
to its utmost to meet General Fremont's de-
mands. A Mr. Haskell, I believe, also came
forward and advanced some army supplies,
taking therefor similar vouchers.
But President Lincoln, who was then " the
Government," or some one else, removed Gen-
eral Fremont, chiefly, I believe, because he was
too fast in exposing the radical scheme of
making men and brothers out of negroes. A
great flurry pervaded the Republican camp
about extravagance, too, and in consequence
thereof and to smooth matters over a kind of
a committee was appointed, composed of Hon.
Judge Davis, of Illinois, now of the Supreme
Court; the immortal Jo'e Holt, of judge-ad-
vocate notoriety; and one Hugh Campbell, of
St. Louis, the gentleman who, unwilling to sell
his blankets to the Government, preferred to
and did sell them to Messrs. Childs, Pratt &
Fox at eight dollars per pair, and they were fur-
nished, if I mistake not, to the Government at
that rate. This celebrated committee proceeded
to St. Louis to look after General Fremont's
operations, arid those ofhis quartermaster, Gen-
eral McKinstry. Among the first of the official
duties they deemed it necessary to perform was
to visit the establishment of the said Childs,
Pratt & Fox, seize their books, examine their
vouchers^ given by the quartermaster, reduce
their claim largely, and among other things
were the vouchers for blankets. They cut down
