1258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Republican, but we have undertaken to re-
move the disabilities of persons who it was
believed were true to the Government, had
given up secession and rebellion, and had re-
solved henceforth to abide by and support the
laws of die couutry. No inquiry has been made
in the Judiciaiy Committee as to whether a
man was a Republican or a Democrat. The
evidence, perhaps, has not been as satisfactory
in all case3 as was desirable; but we have
never agreed to relieve the disabilities of any-
body that we did not understand had applied
to have his disabilities removed, and 1 think
that is one evidence of the propriety of remov-
ing disabilities when the party comes forward
himself, acknowledges his error, admits that
he has been engaged in rebellion, and asks
henceforth that the disabilities imposed upon
him by his rebellion may be removed, and
promises for the future to be a true and loyal
citizen to the country, as they do in nearly all
their communications. Some of them state
very frankly that they went into the rebellion
believing that their States had a right to secede;
that in that they have been overcome, and they
have given up the eontest, and are now ready
to unite with their fellow-citizens in sustaining
the Constitution and laws of the country. I
think that is one circumstance which is enti-
tled to consideration in relieving disabilities.
Now, sir, I did not intend to participate at
all in this debate. This particular subject was
referred by the committee to a member of
Ibe committee, the Senator from Nevada, to
examine particularly in regard to the cases,
under the direction of the committee to recom-
mend the removal of disabilities of no one
unless he asked to have those disabilities re-
moved, and we had the evidenee of it from the
man himself, in his own handwriting, or from
parties who were authorized by him to repre-
sent him. In these directions of the commit-
tee the Senator who had the particular matter
in charge was instructed, whenever the entire
delegation of a State recommended to have
the disabilities removed, from personal knowl-
edge of the character of the man, to include
bis name in the list. That has been done. I
think that is sufficient evidence upon which
to net.
We are not prepared at this time to pass a
general bill relieving disabilities from all per-
sons or from classes of persons. We may do
so at some futuie time; but 1 trust it will be
a long time before the disabilities will bo re-
moved from the leaders of this wicked lebel-
lion. Some of them 1 never want to see hold-
ing office again in this country. I trust the
disabilities will never be removed from the
Davises and miiwih and Slidells and Benja-
mins, and others, who went from this Chamber
threatening treason and rebellion, and went
home to Iheir States to organize and did organ-
ize it. I shall not be prepared to vote for any
bill that will remove the disabilities from that
class of persons within any period that I can
now consider.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend——
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thereisan
amendment pending.
Mr. WARNER. I rise for the purpose of
saying that as there are Senators who want to
examine this list of names I will withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to insert the name
of Richard Parker, of Frederick county, Vir-
ginia, in the proper place. It was in the bill
originally, but there was some objection to it. I
have examined the papers, and I think he ought
to be included.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. OSBORN. I move to amend the sub-
stitute by inserting under the head of " Flor-
KlaA ',^terI'10 na,ne J- T. Barnard, the name
of Boiling Baker, of Tallahassee.
I he amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to amend the sub-
stitute by inserting under th&headof "Ala-
bama" the name of Charles C. Crowe, of Perry
county, Alabama.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. RICE. I move to amend the substitute
under the bead of "Arkansas," after the name
of B. W. Gantt, by inserting the name of F.
M. Chrisman, of White county.
Mr. STEWART. I do not want to object to
the insertion of any names  
Mr. RICE. 1 would not have offered this
if other Senators had not moved toinsertother
names.
Mr. STEWART. The objection to putting
them on in this way is that no evidence goes
to the other House with the bill showing the
reasons for relieving them. On all the names
on which we have acted thus far we have the
written evidence on which we based our action,
so that we can send it to the other House with
the bill. But if gentlemen rise here and move
to insert names without even writing a letter
stating their reasons for so doing nothing goes
to the other House explaining who the persons
are or on what ground they are to be relieved.
I hope Senators will refrain and offer these
amendments on some other bill.
Mr. RICE. Letthis one go in. Mr. Chris-
man is a member of our Legislature, and has
written a letter requesting to be relieved, but
it did not arrive here in time for the insertion
of his name in this bill.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will write
a letter to the committee of the other House
explaining it I shall not object.
Mr. RICE. I will do so. I will attend to
it in the other House.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It goes into the Globe.
Mr. SPENCER. I will state to the Senator
from Nevada that the name which 1 have pro-
posed to insert is in the House bill which has
just, been received this evening.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Arkansas to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to insert a name to
which I am sure the Senator from Nevada will
not object. I propose to insert in the proper
place the name of Amos T. Akerman, of Elbert
county, Georgia, one of the ablest lawyers
probably in the State, an eminent man.
Mr. STEWART. I know him; but I did
not suppose he was laboring under any disabil-
ities.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESTDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment, as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section :
And be it further enactcd. That ail male persons above
twenty-one yours of ago, residing in any of the States
betore inontioned, who have not been indicted for
any olTenso asainet tho United States, and who will
on or before thoUt day of September next, bolore a
judse of a court of record or a justice ot tlie peace,
make outli or affirmation to support, and defend the
Constitution ot tho United States and ait Iuw.s made
in pursuance thcrcoi shall be included in the benefits
ot this act.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to say a single
word. 1 shall not call for the yeas and nays
or interpose any obstacle to the passage of
the bill to-night, although under other circum-
stances I should do so, because I am perfectly
aware that it will only delay this bill without
changing its fortunes. I do not interpose,
therefore, in in any formal manner, but simply
take the time, having spoken against the bill,
to make this explanation, as it will go in the
Globe with my former remarks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
a two-thirds vote to pas's the bill.
Mr. CONKLING-. I suggest that if there
be no objectipn by voices, it passes unan-
imously, and that will give the required two
thirds.
The bill was passed nem. con.
-HEW york and oswego midland railroad.
Mr. DRAKE. I now move to take up the
bill that I asked to have taken up a little while
ago, Senate bill No. 675, to incorporate tho
United States Accident and Life Insurance
Company.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to inter-
fere with my honorable friend, but I had the
floor on a House resolution which lies on the
desk, and said that I would wait until this
other bill was disposed of, to the end th&t I
might ask that it be read. I will say to the
Senator now that it is a formal resolution and
can be read in a single moment, and I think
nobody will object to it. If the Senator, there-
fore, will allow me to have the resolution read,
if anybody objects to it I will not press it.
Mr. DRAKE. If the honorable Senator
will allow my bill to be taken up I will give
way immediately for that purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Missouri.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I now ask the honor-
able Senator to give way for one moment.
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly; I will do so with
pleasure.
Mr. CONKLING. I now move to take up
the joint resolution which is lying on the Secre-
tary's table.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (IT. It. No. 459)
authorizing the Secretary of War to allow to
the New York and Oswego Midland Railroad
Company a right of way across a portion of
the public ground at Fort Ontario, Oswego,
New York, for railroad purposes. It proposes
to authorize the Secretary of War to allow to
the New York and Oswego Midland Railroad
Company a right of way through the public
land at Fort Ontario, Oswego, in the State of
New York, for railroad purposes, upon such
terms and conditions as he may think the de-
fenses at that point may require and make
proper, reserving to the United States the right
to remove, at the expense of tho company, the
rails, ties, and other parts of the road, when-
ever the Secretary of War shall direct, without
any claim or right of damages on the part of
the company.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, if the Senate will
indulge me one moment, I will state what the
resolution is. A railroad, which is there
named, is about being constructed. It runs
across a corner, so that it hits a corner of the
land belonging to the United States. The res-
olution authorizes the Secretary of War, upon
such terms as ho may deem just, to allow the
company to cross this corner, simply to give
them the right of way to lay theirsgjp.il across
this angle, as they are unable to run around it.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
accident and life insurance company.
Mr. POMEROY. With the consent of the
Senator from Missouri I want to ask to have a
joint resolution passed which ought to have
been considered with the pension bills. It is
to appoint guardian-; for some Indian children
in my State who cannot receive their pensions
because there is no law authorizing the appoint-
ment of guardians. There are ten of these
cases, and there is a letter from the Second
Auditor suggesting to have this done. It will
take but a moment, and if the. Senator from
Missouri will let his bill lay aside informally
to have this joint resolution read and passed it
will gratify several individuals.
Mr. DRAKE. I should be very glad to do
it to accommodate the honorable Senator, but
I do not like t'o be put aside in this way when
