1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1259
I have made so much effort to get this bill up.
I beg the Senator not to interfere.
Mr. POMEROY. This resolution was to
have been considered with the pension bills.
Mr. DRAKE. But it was not so considered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Kansas can only be
considered by unanimous consent, inasmuch as
there is a bill pending.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask that my bill may be
proceeded with.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from West
Virginia was to call this resolution up, but it
escaped him.
Mr. DRAKE. It can be done the minute
after I get through with this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think you can
incorporate a company to-night.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
taken up on motion of the Senator from Mis-
souri is before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 675) to
incorporate the United States Accident and
Life Insurauce Company.
The bill was read.
Mr. NYE. That is a most extraordinary
charter it, seems to me. If I understand it
from its rapid reading, it contains provisions
that I never saw contained in any other char-
ter in this country, and I never heard of any
such in England. It proposes to allow this
company to insure lives against accidents and
to grant annuities. Another objectio'n that I
have to the bill is this: I remember that after
a pretty full discussion here upon a kindred
subject it was the judgment of the Senate not
to grant charters here the functions of which
were to be exercised outside of the District of
Columbia. I should like to hear from the gen-
tleman having this bill in charge why these
people ask the extraordinary powers and priv-
ileges granted by this charter?
Mr. DRAKE. I will state for the inform-
ation of the honorable Senator that there is
nothing extraordinary in this charter as to the
powers which it confers. Every life insurance
company in the country has the power to grant
insurances upon lives and annuities. There is
not one of them in the country that does not
have those powers; and the only difference
between this and the ordinary life insurance
company is that it combines the powerto insure
against accidents with the power to insure lives
and grant annuities.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator
from Missouri show us a charter where this
annuity granting is allowed? I should like
the honorable Senator also to tell us exactly
what he means by that provision for granting
annuities.
Mr. DRAKE. If the Senator from Nevada
asks the question because of his own ignorance
of what it is to grant an annuity then I would
simply refer him to the books which treat ou
t hat subject. If he asks it merely for the pur-
pose of embarrassing the passage of the bill,
then all 1 have to say is that I think there
stands among the acts of the last session of
Congress a charter granted to another com-
pany here by Congress, a company located in
this District, of which charter this is almost a
literal transcript ; and in that charter is the
" power to grant, purchase, and dispose of an-
nuity in the city of Washington and District
of Columbia and elsewhere/' There it is by
the act of Congress.
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator knows
that there is already a icsolution introduced
in the other House to repeal that charter.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not; but there can be
any kind of a resolution introduced into either
House. 1 should not be surprised if there was.
Mr. NYE. Now, Mr. President, I believe
I know what annuity means in the language
ot the books. It is hardly fair in the Senator
who is so familiar with the books to refer me
to them when they are not at hand. That re-
minds me very much of a school teacher that
I heard of once. He was asked, " What is
arithmetic," and he said a man was a fool who
did not know it when he saw it. [Laughter.]
That is no answer at all to the question I put.
I ask the Senator what he means in the terms
of this charter in giving the power to this com-
pany to grant annuities? What is the exact
legal meaning that he means to convey by this
charter?
Mr. DRAKE. It means simply this : that
if a man will pay to the company a certain sum
of money the company will pay him an annual
sum of money because of that deposit with the
company; that is all.
Mr. NYE. That is what I supposed it meant.
Then it becomes a great universal banking
system, a bank of deposit, which I most earn-
estly object to; and these squatters will be
found in every city, village, and town of this na-
tion, authorized to receive deposits and prom-
ising to pay annuities for them, with no secur-
ity in the localities at all except the integrity
of the company, which may or may not be
good for anything. I object to giving any such
privilege to any company. If we have done
it once that is certainly no reason why we
should do it again.
Mr. CAMERON. I think it is very improper
to attempt to pass a bill of this kind, of such
magnitude, at so late an hour as this, nearly
ten o'clock at night. I should have no objec-
tion to it if it were confined entirely to the Dis-
trict of Columbia. But I remember that a year
or two ago a bill somewhat similar to this was
passed and the stock of that company has be-
come the subject of speculation all over the
United States. Irresponsible people, some of
them, and some men pretending to have great
responsibility, have become dealers in the stock
of that company. If we continue to pass incor-
porations by Congress whenever they are asked
for we shall be surrounded by a lobby here
such as they have unfortunately in many of the
Legislatures of our States. People will come
here demanding such charters, and the whole
time of Congress will be occupied in forwarding
private speculation. In this bill, as I under-
stand it, there is no personal responsibility.
Men come here and you give them a charter.
They speculate upon that; they sell it out; they
inflate the stock, and the people who secure
the passage of the law originally retire from it,
and the weak people who buy the stock are
cheated out of their property. I think there have
been more life insurance companies broken in
the United States than any other institutions
that have ever been established here. Very
few of those that are now in existence have the
confidence of the community. They have been
multiplied in every State of the Union merely
as stock speculations. I do hope that we are
not to be occupied here as they are in the
Legislatures of Pennsylvania, New York, and
other States, in legislating for individuals alone.
This bill is one for the benefit of some indi-
viduals only, who, perhaps, will never put a
dollar into this company, or if they do put a
dollar into it will sell out as soon as they have
inflated the stock. I hope it will not be passed
now. If it be passed at all it ought to be
passed after full investigation. We should
make every stockholder liable, not only to the
amount of stock he puts in, but liable indi-
vidually for his share of the losses. We should
confine the corporation to the District of Co-
lumbia. There can be no reason for passing
acts of incorporation of this kind in Congress
except for the benefit of this city and this Dis-
'rict. 1 will move now to strike out the words
'•and elsewhere" wherever they occur in the
bill, and also every reference to the States,
everything which allows them to go beyond the
District of Columbia.
Mr. TICKERS. I ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania if he will let me make a motion
to refer the bill to the Committee on (he Judi-
ciary. It ought to undergo the investigation
of that committee.
Mr. CAMERON. I am perfectly willing to
accept that as an amendment to my motion.
Mr. YTOlvRRS. The bill gives authority to
establish agencies in every State of the Union.
Congress is legislating by this bill to establish
these agencies throughout the United States.
The power of Congress to do this I do not
think exists, and I therefore propose to refer
the subject to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not believe that
the Committee on the Judiciary are prepared
to consider propositions to establish companies
all over the United States, and that is the
reason given for referring this bill to that com-
mittee. I think it properly belongs to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and
that shows that the bill should be confined to
the District of Columbia. If it is to be re-
committed at all I think it should be recom-
mitted to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. CAMERON. Why not let it go to the
Committee on the Judiciary?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Judiciary Com-
mittee do not propose to establish any such
corporations, I apprehend. I do not know
what the other members may do, but I pre-
sume that they would hardly undertake to
establish corporations of any character in all
the States of the Union, or "elsewhere," as
the language of this bill is, throughout the
world.  
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I should like to say.
a word to the Senator from Illinois. The copy
of the bill that I have before me says that it
was referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia, and ordered to be printed ; that
is, the bill we are acting on.
Mr. DRAKE. And it was reported favor-
ably by the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the committee
might do well to examine and see if they have
not got a little outside of the District. Let
them strike out that provision, and then, I take
it, the bill will perhaps receive more favor. It
is now nearly ten o'clock at night, and it is
manifest that this bill cannot be passed to-
night. I move that it be recommitted to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. DRAKE. Before that motion is put,
I beg leave to say a word or two in regard to
this bill. Here stands upon the statute-book
of Congress, among the acts of the last ses-
sion, a charter passed by Congress without
any question or objection of which this bill is
almost a literal copy. Under those circum-
stances. when gentlemen desired to establish
an accident insurance company in connection
with life insurance, and to obtain for it a char-
ter exactly in the terms of that which Congress
had previously granted, I could not have sup-
posed that it would encounter in the Senate
the opposition that this bill seems to have
elicited to-night; and I confess that I do not
understand it now. I do not see why this op-
position should be arrayed against it. I do
not see what harm is to come to any one from
the allowance of the establishment of a cor-
poration of this kind alongside of another
which only six or seven months ago was
authorized by this very Congress.
The power to establish agencies elsewhere is
norta power to establish corporations elsewhere;
and that is the whole power that is contained
in this bill. It is a power which every insur-
ance company in the United States, whetherit
exists under a charter granted by Congress or
by a State Legislature, has in its charter the
power to establish agencies, for no insurance
company can ever get. business enough to trans-
act unless it does have agencies in different
parts of the country. That is all the power
outside of the District of Columbia that this
charter gives to this company: and all these
agencies have by the terms of the bill to he
established, "subject to the law--of the States
respectively in which they may be situated."'
Now, Mr. President, it is hardly becoming
in the Senate of the United Slates to pass an
act one day and refuse to pass an act another
day of the same import when no detriment
comes to the public from it, and when it is
simply a privilege siveti to individuals in the
