1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
40th Cong....3d Sess.
President s Message and Repudiation—Mr. Mungen.
Ho. of Reps.
the charge for the blankets from eight dollars
per pair to $3 50 per pair, although Campbell,
one of the members of the committee, had sold
the same blankets to the firm at eight dollars
per pair. This committee compelled Childs,
Pratt & Fox to give up those vouchers—the
evidence that they had furnished supplies to our
troops—given them by a Government officer.
There never has been, never can be, any ques-
tion raised as to the loyalty—! am disgusted
with the word—of this firm. They were com-
pelled to take just what they could get at the
hands of this immortal committee—immortal
as the name of Jeffries in English jurispru-
dence. I have been told that these merchants
very narrowly escaped imprisonment in some
loyal bastile. They were compelled to go into
the Court of Claims, where their case is yet,
asking for their just demands.
This is some form or degree of repudiation,
according to my judgment. Did not Lincoln
or a Republican Congress indorse the action
of this committee? Did not Mr. Lincoln
shortly afterward appoint Mr. Davis to the Su-
preme bench? A few claims of private citi-
zens have been adjusted, but the time, trouble,
anxiety, and expense incurred in getting them
through none but the claimants know. The
number so paid are as nothing compared to the
large amount awaiting adjustment in the dif-
ferent departments of the circumlocution office.
If we have not money to pay these claims with
at present let us adjust matters and give cer-
tificates of indebtedness to out honest credit-
ors, and then pay them as soon as we can. Let
the books be posted and balances struck. This
delay and neglect on the part of the' Govern-
ment is unpardonable. It is clearly, broadly,
distinctly, essentially, and emphatically repu-
diation, and this House has declared every
form or degree of repudiation obnoxious. Per-
haps they only had reference to the bondhold-
ers and not to any other Government creditor.
If so, they should say as much plainly.
More than this: we all know the great love
which was manifested ih words for the soldiers;
yet a Republican Congress repudiated the con-
tract between the soldiers and the Government
in the most direct and positive manner. Be
it remembered that when the soldier volun-
teered it was no more nor less than a contract
by which he agreed to serve his country faith-
fully, and the Government agreed to give him
a pittance in return for services. Commis-
sioned officers were guarantied a certain sum
of money per month, no rations being issued
to them, as was the case with privates and non-
commissioned officers. But in violation of
this contract their wages were reduced while
they were in the field fighting, amLthe wages
of Congressmen were raised by a Republican
Congress about two thousand dollars a year.
As an instance, the pay of a colonel was re-
duced about forty dollars per month, and that
of other officers in the same proportion, and
they were taxed three per cent, on what they
got. This injustice—this violation of the terms
of the contract of their enlistment—was borne
withouta murmur. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Broomall] did not have a
resolution rushed through this House in the
name of the American people, or in any other
name, protesting against this " form or degree
of repudiation." Oh, no! His sympathies
are reserved, doubtless, for more noble ob-
jects—the bondholders.
Let not gentlemen flatter themselves that the
"'American people" can be hoodwinked by
wordy preambles and high-sounding resolu-
tions. They know what all such things mean.
They know, too, who have to bear the burden
of taxation, as well as who are exempted from
all local and municipal taxes. They know who
has to earn the gold and who gets the gold,
while they are compelled to take a depreciated
currency—rags and ink—and are glad to get it.
The men who with picks and shovels and strong
arms and brave hearts burst open the banks of
the Sierra Nevadas' quarry for black diamonds
in our coal mines, hew down the forest, break
up the prairies, build our railroads, canals,
bridges, and cities ; who sweat in our forges
and factories, cultivate the soil, and earn their
daily bread by the sweat of their brow accord-
ing to the word of the Almighty, are the men
who should receive the gold. But under Re-
publican rule they do not get it. Gold is for
the rich man, rags for the poor. The rich are
getting richer and the poor poorer every day ;
and this will continue to be the case until we
change our financial system, so that we shall
have one kind of currency for all, rich and
poor, highand low. They know the trick which
leading Republicans are about playing upon
them in the-matter of the so-called funding
bill, which came so nearly being a law last sum-
mer. They know that in the course of the
forty years whieh must elapse before their bonds
will become due under this scheme they and
their children will have paid, if they shall be
base enough to submit to such consummate
villany, three or four times the amount—the
enormous amount—ofourinterest-bearingdebt;
and that then not one cent of that great debt
will have been paid. They know that our debt
is increasing every month instead of decreas-
ing. They know that there is being built up
an aristocracy of wealth, founded in a great
measure upon stealings, in one form and an-
other, from the Government.
The "American people" have read history,
and are intelligent enough to apply the lessons
it teaches. They have read and fully under-
stand the strongly-drawn character of Shylock,
in the Merchant of Venice. To those gen-
tlemen, if any such there be, who wish to ex-
act the pound of flesh ("if so says the bond,"
which I deny) from the toil- worn and oppressed
people of our land, I would say:
"Prepare thee to cutoff the flesh ;
Shed thou no blood; nor cut thou less, nor more;
But just a pound of flesh : if thou tak'st more,
Or less, than just a pound—be it but so much
As makes it light, or heavy, in the substance,
Or the division of the twentieth part
Of one poor scruple; nay, if the scale do turn
But in the estimation of a hair,—
Thou diest, and all thy goods are confiscate.*'
Then conies repudiation, and "the American
people" will indorse it, having learned the
lesson from the examples set by Republican
Congresses.
The American people are well aware that by
just such legislation and similar proceedings
to those enacted and being enacted by the
Republican party it required about two hundred
years to place all the real estate, the landed
property, of Great Britain, in the hands of
about three thousand persons. The people
know and feel the wickedness of the attempt
to fasten a national debt upon them and their
posterity for all time to come, and they will
anddo repudiate the Hamiltonian heresy, lately
revived by the bondholding and banking inter-
ests, that "a national debt is a national bless-
ing." The Governmentof GreatBritain never
expects to pay the national debt of that coun-
try—never. Their consols, or certificates of
indebtedness, as well as their real estate, have
gotten chiefly into the hands of the wealthy.
The landholders, who nearly all belong to what
is styled the nobility, wring enormous rents
and tithes and taxes and all manner of contri-
butions from their tenants. All the tax to pay
the interest on the public indebtedness is ex-
torted from the labor of that country. Capi-
talists have so managed and shaped matters
that many of them derive their living off of their
Government certificates ; and it has been the
constant aim of the aristocracy to have the
people believe that a national debt is a national
blessing. The shoddyites and bondholders in
this country are playing the same game; but
thank Heaven they find their strong advocates
on the side of the Republican party, aud on
that side only.
But if it be right and just and legal to pay
the national debt in gold, that is, to redeem
the bonds in gold, why the hurry to fund the
debt, and that at a lower rate of interest, say
from three to four and a half per cent, instead
of six per cent, semi-annually, as it now is ?
There,is certainly something rotten in Den-
mark. These shrewd money-lenders have no
more conscience than the person who would
sell his soul for money to perdition. I speak
of them as a class. They are Shylocks, sir ;
Shylocks ! Yes, they are, if anything, worse
than Shylocks; for he only claimed at most
"what was written in the bond." But these
men ask more; they ask gold where it ia
not so written. Fearing that the people will
refuse their unjust demand they are in haste
to change the terms of the bonds so as to make
the bonds as well as the interest all payable in
gold, and then as a kind of off-set and to quiet
the apprehensions of their victims, the tax-
payers, they propose to take a lower rate of
interest. They can well afford to do this, and
they doubtless expect the people to thank
them for the act and to look upon them as pub-
lic benefactors.
The most clear-sighted and observing of
what we may call the moneyed aristocracy of our
country discover an uneasiness in the popular
mind, a restiveness among the people, a low
murmuring, like the sound of distant thunder ;
in short, the premonitory symptons of a great
uprising among the masses. The battle be-
tween labor and capital is about commencing
in this countryin earnest, as ltdid mFrancein
the reign of Louis XVI; and the capitalists
are busy fortifying themselves against the day
of wrath and retribution by legislation. The
finely sounding words of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] in a speech, which I
suppose was a bid for the next Speakership of
the House, delivered not long since, seemed
to me very much like the story of the boy
while traveling through a graveyard whistling
to keep np his courage, who says, " Who's
afeard o'ghosts." The real questions of this
age and people—those questions of finance
and taxation, of the rights and wrongs of the
masses—were not settled by the last presiden-
tial election. In the canvass they were not
even discussed, except by some of the Demo-
cratic statesmen of the country. Everything
was done by the Republican party to divert the
minds of the people from those serious and
momentous issues; and the election was determ-
ined merely upon the status of the candidate,
upon the personal standing and popularity of
General Grant.
The real issues are yet unsettled, and now
that the political battle is over and the smoke
cleared away the people begin to look anx-
iously around and inquire what they shall do
to be saved from general bankruptcy and ruin.
The schemes of honorable Senators for fund-
ing the debt brought forward by one, and for
the resumption of specie payment brought up
by another, show plainly that capital is intrench-
ing itselfbehindcunuing legislative enactments.
The stringency of the money market also shows
the apprehensions of capitalists. Banks in New
York have been recently refusing to discount
to their customers; but these loan freely to
brokers, who let out the money at one half of
one per cent, per day, about one hundred and
eighty-two and one half percent, per annum.
Every indication points toward that fearful
struggle which is approaching with the cer-
tainty of death itself when labor must and will
defend itself against money. Money is said to
be power, but labor is a greater power, and
capital is utterly useless without labor. Capi-
tal, intrenched behind a breastwork, a masked
battery, of legislative enactments, maybe said
to be immovable; but gentlemen will learn ere
long that labor, the base of wealth, armed with
truth and justice on its side, and advocated by
an outraged and oppressed people, is irresisti-
ble. Let us draw a short lesson from history.
It will be enough to say, in passing, that the
five officers named Ephori, who were annually
elected in Laeedasmon under the code of Ly-
eurgus, and who were invested with authority to
bring to trial all who offended against the laws,
