84
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
Ho. of Reps.
President's Message and Repudiation—Mr. Mungen. 40th Cong—3d Sbss,
whatever might be their rank, and with power
to punish by fine or flogging even the kings and
senators themselves—if these five officers had
' been officers of this Government they would
have had their hands full of business about the
capital of this nation for the past few years.
What a nice time they would have had flog-
ging the gentlemen who, as the late Mr. Ste-
vens truthfully and honestly said, have been
working outside of the Constitution. There are
some gentleman under my eye who, I suspect,
would have bellowed lustily. When Lycurgus
returned to Sparta from Crete and tho Ionian
Isles he found his country in a deplorable con-
dition, with all or nearly all of the wealth in
the hands of a few, and they as corrupt as pos-
sible. He remedied this by striking down those
aristocratic gentlemen, and by "some form or
degree of repudiation" equalizing matters.
He made their money worthless by prohibiting
the use of any money except an iron coin, and
by some process rendered the iron from which
the coin was made worthless for mechanical
purposes. On account of the hostility which
he found to exist between the rich and poor—
a feeling which is daily increasing here—he
conceived the plan of reducing the pretensions
of the rich by dividing their lands and bringing
them to a level with their poorer neighbors.
This was done peaceably and without blood-
shed, so far as I remember, excepting that
one fiery, spirited, and rich young Spartan,
named Alcander, knocked an eye out of Ly-
curgus for meddling with his estates; but
Lycurgus afterward made him his friend, as we
are informed. I do not think that I would be
in favor of such stringent measures in our case,
for I wish to let justice take place iu all these
matters.
I am utterly opposed to confiscation and
Radical reconstruction, which I believe are
synonymous with destruction, and are convert-
ible terms. In the history of the French Rev-
olution we find that the horrors of that revolu-
tion stand out so bold, so terrible, and so
appalling, that the mind is misled, as it were,
and can see nothing of the causes which led to
such awful results. The king, the aristocracy,
and the clergy appear to be mute sufferers
overpowered by a whirlwind of passion and
frenzy. We picture to ourselves the Tuilleries
deluged with blood; armed mobs dealing death
and destruction wherever they went; human
heads carried on pikes and lances, or rolled by
hundreds into tho gutters. We see the storm
which, once aroused, was irresistible, and
which in its mad career and by its wild and
tci rific fury swept into one bloody grave the
nobility, the clergy, and the king, and buried
deep the throne, the Crown, the titles and
privileges of rank and station which had existed
for centuries.
There is a fearful lesson to be learned in
this; and the legislators and statesmen of our
day would do well to study Thierg's history of
the hrench Revolution, if they have not already
anno so. But all this fierce and bloody work
hud Us origin in a disordered condition of
society growing out of bad and unjust legisla-
tion. 1 he reasons may be briefly summed up
thus : the feudal system had gone on improv-
ing on its oppressions until it had reached a
point where human endurance ceases. The
exchequer was embarrassed, the coffers empty,
while the people could not be more heavily
taxed. The nobility, instead of submitting to
a tax like that laid by Sir Robert Peel upon
the aristocracy of England in a similar emer-
gency, steadily refused to relieve the disordered
state of the finances. There was a weight on
thenatibn, Ihe people had sunk under it till
;their faces were ground into the earth and no
more could be expected of tliem. The power-
ful and graphic pen of Thiers tells the story
trSth m' Bol.iticai and economical,
truth mtoleiable; there was nothing but
Privileges belonging to individual classes towns
piovinces, and to trades themselves—nothing but
shackles upon the industry and genius of man. Civil,
ecclesiastical, and military dignities were exclusively
reserved for certain classes, and in those classes tor
certain individuals. A man could not embrace a
profession unless upon certain titles ana certain
pecuniary conditions. All was monopolized by atew
hands, and the burdens bore upon a certain class.
Tb© nobility and clergy possessed nearly two thirds
of the landed property. The other third, belonging
to the people, paid taxes to the king, a multitude of
feudal dues to the nobility, atitheto the clergy, and
was moreover liable to the devastations of noble
sportsmen and their game. The taxes on articles
consumed weighed heavily on the great mass, ana
consequently on the people. The mode in which it
was levied was vexatious; the gentry might be m
arrears with impunity; the people, on the other hand,
ill-treated and imprisoned, were doomed to suffer
in body in default of goods. The masses, subject
therefore by the sweat of the brow, defended with
their blood the upper classes of society without
being able to subsist themselves. Justice adminis-
tered in some of the provinces by the gentry, in the
royal jurisdiction by tho magistrates, who purchased
their offices, was slow, partial, always ruinous, and
particularly atrocious in criminal cases. Individual
liberty was violated by letti es de cachet, and the lib-
erty of the press by royal censors."
Added to all this there came a hail storm,
cutting off the crops, so that the winter of
1788-89 brought with it universal aijd intoler-
able suffering. Men and women, half naked
and starving, roamed over the country crying
for bread. Famine stared the people in the
face, while those who had been enriched by
their toil and sweat and privations looked on
with a disdainful eye and a stony heart upon
their sufferings. The voice of despair rung
through the kingdom, and still the infatuated
nobility rioted in luxury. Slowly and darkly
heaved the storm-cloud above the horizon, yet
no one regarded its threatening aspect till the
sharp flashes of the lightning began to appear
and successive thunder peals which followed
aroused the poor and imbecile Louis XVI, and
waked the clergy and nobility from their happy
dreams.
Here is a picture we may study with profit
if not with satisfaction, and the same goal will
alwaysbereachedbytyranny. Headley says:
" England reached it; and but for the spectacle of
Trance, just rising from her sea of blood, would have
plunged into the same vortex. She chose reform
rather than revolution, and it is still to be her choice
till her feudal system disappears entirely. There is
no help for this, and there can be none under the
economy of nature and the providence of God. If a
few will appropriate and spend the substanco of the
land the mass must suffer till despair hurls them
upon their oppressors."
In the conflict between the Parliament, the
clergy, and the throne each called on the French
nation for aid, and thus enlightened the masses
on the great principles of human government,
and, worse than all, respecting their own de-
baucheries and villainies. Mistresses of nobles
decided great political questions, and bribes
bought every man, from the king down to these
masses. Trampled on, starving, and dying, a
haughty aristocracy added insult to oppression
and treated with contempt the men they de-
frauded. Suffering makes a people think, and
a starving man learns his rights very quickly.
I will only add, to finish this sketch, that the lower
orders had been taxed to their utmost and the
money raised all squandered by the court and
aristocracy. Money must be raised, and the
only chance was to attack the property and in-
comes of the clergy and the privileges of the
nobility; and the representatives of the people,
after they had assembled, were not slow in mak-
ing the onslaught.
What our moneyed men fear is the "form or
degree of repudiation," which oppression and
wrong always engender in the human heart.
The clergy and the nobility, in connection
with the king, had been ruling France for a
long time, and legislating for their own party
and class interests and to keep themselves in
power, regardless of the rights of the peo-
ple. They paid little or no taxes, just as our
bondholders are exempt, and if any one spoke
of taxing them these privileged gentlemenwould
fly into a passion and becomeas much excited as
my friend, the honorable gentleman from Maine,
whose lance is always in rest to run a muck or
tilt with any one who ventures to advocate the
taxation of bonds or their payment in green-
backs.
Our Treasury is as much embarrassed now
as was the exchequer of France in 1789. Our
people are more heavily taxed than any people
on the face of the earth. We have a privileged
class exempted from taxation who are revel-
ing in luxury and idleness as much as France
had. We have the starving, oppressed, down-
trodden, freezing, and dying poor, also. Our
nabobs look upon those poor with as much
indifference as the nobility of France looked
upon the poor there. The foreigner, the emi-
grant, who, reading and hearing of "happy,
free America," and crushed under the tyranny
of his own land, hoping for leave to breathe
the air of heaven without being taxed thereon,
leaves the home of his childhood, the -graves
of his fathers, the loved ones at home, and cornea
here only to find himself more heavily taxed
under republican rule than he was in Europe.
The oppressed and downtrodden of Europe
in quest partly of fortune, partly of freedom,
or of both at once, and eager to escape from
penury or ecclesiastical and political violence,
have sought what they considered a happier
home on this continent. But how are they dis-
appointed ! Fort Warren and Fort La Fayette
rival the Bastile of Paris. Political persecu-
tion rages with as much fury and more this
day than in any European country. Meft's
hands may be " crimsoned with the blood of
our brothers and sons," to use a loyal quota-
tion ; all is forgiven ; their political disabilities
are all removed if they will only acknowledge
negro equality and vote the Republican ticket.
The ecclesiastical bodies of this country,'with
but one or two honorable exceptions,are preach-
ing and launching anathemas at those who dare
vote again st a Republican candidate. Chivalrous
confederate generals are given a seat on this
floor which they could not obtain did they vote
the Democratic ticket. Democrats who fought
throughout the war 011 the Federal side are de-
nounced as traitors because they will not indorse
the reconstruction policy of the Republican
party. Like causes produce like effects, and
if the same or a parallel state of affairs exist
here that did in France before the reign of
terror, may we not reasonably expect similar
results ? Where then will be yoar bonds ?
Where will your wealth go? What will become
of our aristocrats? By being prsident and
dealing out evenhanded justice we may avoid
the danger. Let us have one kind of currency
for all. If the poor man has to take green-
backs let the rich also take the same ; no class
legislation. We have this additional trouble
which France did not have, a depreciated cur
rency ; and the capitalists have contributed
largely to depreciate it. France had but one
kind of money, and the difference was only in
the amount held or owned by each person, and
not in the quality or value thereof.
Thiers tells us that the manner of collecting
the taxes in France at the time referred to was
very vexatious. Is it not especially so here
under Republican legislation? A swarm of
supervisors of the internal revenue, collectors
and their deputies, assessors and their assist-
ants,gaugers,storehouse-keepers, special agents
and detectives, whose prerogatives seem to be
rather to corrupt than to correct, to say noth-
ing of the innumerable host of employes in the
customs department; officers swarming like the
locusts, frogs, flies, and lice of Egypt; every-
thing complicated and dragged as far as pos-
sible from the original simplicity and economy
established by our forefathers. And to add to
this, the matter of taxation as well as the man-
ner of collection, is most unjust and obnox-
ious to a large portion of our people, to the
laboring and producing interests of the whole
community, and especially to the West. What
is the reason that a ton of railroad iron now
costs us in Ohio about ninety dollars when in
1859 we could purchase the same article for
thirty or thirty-two dollars at the outside limit?
Why is it thatalthough England can and will fur-
