1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
40tii Gong....3d Sess.
Finance—Mr. IngersoU.
Ho. of Keps.
nish railroad iron, and a better article than the
Pennsylvania iron men furnish, at forty dollars
per ton, that we must pay ninety? At forty
dollars the Englishman can afford to pay a duty
of two dollars per ton, but he cannot afford to
pay fifty or sixty dollars*, and hence England
sends but little or no railroad iron berej and
Pennsylvania iron-mongers, with hearts of
steel, (steal ?j pocket the great difference.
Our Government scarcely gets a cent of duty
or tariff from them, or upon.railroad iron.
Why that clause in the Pacific railroad act re-
quiring no other but American iron made from
American ore to be used in its construction?
No matter how cheaply England or any other
country would furnish iron, if at one third the
amount the Pennsylvania iron-mongereharges,
still it must be American iron ana no other.
This is another swindle in favor of Pennsylva-
nia and other iron-mongers. And farther than
this, American railroad iron—perhaps other
iron for all I know—just like the bonds in this
respect, pays no taxes. Why all this kind of legis-
lation ? It is the old Hamiltonian theory, '' Let
the Government take care of the rich and the
rich will take of the poor," in contradistinc-
tion to the Jeffersonianpolicy, "Let the Gov-
ernment take care of the poor and the rich
will take care of themselves." More than
this, it is Republican policy and loyal Repub-
lican legislation, lacking every ingredient of
good and just and wholesome legislation. The
employes in the iron works are as poorly paid
and fed as when iron was cheap; but the cap-
italists are rich; they are nearly all bondhold-
ers, and their immense gains go free from
taxes. It will not do for gentlemen to tell me
that labor is higher now than before the war
as an excuse for their tremendous advantages
in this one article. The apology might answer
to account for a difference of eight or ten dol-
lars a ton, a very liberal advance, but never
will do to explain away a clear bonus from this
Government of fifty or sixty dollars given to
them by Republican legislation.
Look again at the exemption last summer
of the manufacturers from paying their taxes
on their business. New England is a manu-
facturing region; so are some districts in Penn-
sylvania—the one represented by the gentleman
from that State [Mr. Kelley] as much as any.
By this one measure alone the New England
States were relieved of the payment of more
than sixty million dollars per  nnum, and Penn-
sylvania was largely aided. A penny saved is
as good as a penny earned, and the manufac-
turing gentlemen are always ready and crying
for more favors and exemptions. Money must
be had ; and if the East does not pay taxes the
farmers of the West must makeup their delin-
quencies. Why this legislation for one part of
the country and one class of people at the
expense of the other? New England has about
one eleventh part of the population of our
country, and with the city of New York holds
about three fourths of the bonds whieh bear
interest and are exempt from taxation. This
beautiful, barren, and puritanically blessed por-
tion of our land seems neither to be taxed on
its capital nor its industry, while the West is
taxed on both. As to the tax paid upon their
lands in New England it is nothing, can be
nothing comparatively, for they are worth noth-
ing in the way of raising crops. Massachusetts
and other New England States do not pretend
to raise grain enough for their own home con-
sumption. They are dependent upon the West
and Southwest tor supplies of breadstuff's and
other eatables, such as pork, beef, &c., as well
as for a market for their manufactured articles.
1 he West could get along if the New England
States were not m existence. The people in
some of the New England States might eke
out a meager existence upou white beans and
herring; but without the West-they would be
strangers to the more substantial matters per-
taining to the kitchen. Why, then, again 1 ask,
this class legislation, so advantageous to the
East and so injurious to the West? How long
will the West submit to such legislation ? Was
the manufacturers tax stricken off to " bridge
over'' the last presidential election ? At some
other time gentlemen who are posted can an-
swer. Since the legislation of last summer it
has cost the Government as much or more to
collect the internal revenue as it amounted to
when collected. Gentlemen need notand will
not contradict this when they remember that
as soon as the tax on distilled spirits was re-
duced to fifty cents, capitalists perhaps whisky-
rings, bought up nearly if not quite all the
high wines in bond; and the taxes paid thereon
when so taken out of bond make it appear
as though the act of July last was working
more advantageously and yielding more rev-
enue to the Government than the system in
operation previously. This is not the case, as
any sensible man will admit when he takes
into consideration the revenue rajsed off of
whisky in bond when the tax was reduced from
two dollars to fifty cents per gallon.
If our capitalists, ,our bondholders, would
do as the clear-headed and far-seeing Viscount
de Noailles and the Duke d'Anguillon did
when they ascended the tribune, in the French
Assembly, on the evening of the 9th of August,
1789, and declared that it was foolish to attempt
to force the people into tranquillity; that the
best method was to remove the cause of the
disturbances. In order to do this they pro-
posed to abolish at once all those feudal rights
which irritated and oppressed the country peo-
ple, and also to do away with special privileges
and class legislation. If the rest of the nobil-
ity had followed in these great measures of
justice and reform Prance might have been
saved the terrible scenes which followed. Let
our privileged classes—our bondholders, our
aristocrats—come nobly forward and say to the
toiling millions of our countrymen, say to Con-
gress, if you please, something like this: "We
do not wish to escape the burden of taxation;
we are willing to bear our just proportion of
taxes. Wre admit that we have a great advan-
tage in the way of exemption from local and
municipal taxes, but we are ready to relinquish
these privileges, and to have all our property,
whether stocks, bonds, railroad iron, or what-
ever else we own and possess, taxed as other
property is taxed."
Let them admit the truth and say"Our
fellow-countrymen have to receive greenbacks
for everything, they earn, for their labor, their
manufactures, their productions, their skill,
and energy. They never see a gold dollar nor
a gold eagle, that most beautiful coin on earth.
Let the Government issue greenbacks, legal-
tender notes, and give us them for our interest-
bearing bonds. This will take the heavy load
of gold interest from the shoulders of honest
toil. It will stop the .payment of the semi-
annual gold interest. We capitalists will take
these greenbacks which bear no interest and
invest them in the development of the mate-
rial resources of our country; the completion
of unfinished railroads; the building of new
ones | the improvement of the magnificent
water-power of the country for the purposes
of milling and manufacturing; clearing up the
western forests; the development of our min-
eral resources, and the other varied and multi-
farious channels of commerce and industry.
We are willing with our capital to aid industry,
and thus with capital and labor going together
hand in hand the wilderness will soon be made
to blossom as the rose ; and the country will
rise in its might and its glory eclipsing all the
nations of the earth."
This would be magnanimity; but at the same
time it would be simply justice. More than
this, it would forever bar and stop any men-
tion of repudiation, that skeleton in every rich
man's house ; that specter whieh haunts the
pillow of the bondholder; that Nemesis which
wilt surely overtake the Shylocks if they will
persist in draining the life-blood out of the
people in the shape of taxes to pay gold inter-
est, and which drain must culminate in repu-
diation when the tax-payers have no longer
/anything with which to meet and satisfy the
demands of the tax gatherer. The Govern-
ment is now paying more for money than pri-
vate individuals following any legitimate busi-
ness can afford to pay. The investment in
Government bonds is better than any other
offered to capital. Capitalists framed the law,
voted for it, and are getting rich at the expense
of the people. Their scheme has diverted
capital from its legitimate channels and has
hoarded it in the safes and vaults of the Uni-
ted States Treasury, in the vaults and safes of
the bankers and bondholders. There it lies
a dead letter, not adding one iota to the mate-
rial interests of the country.
By taking up the bonds as I have already
suggested and issuing greenbacks for them it
will do away with the national banks which are
based upon these Government bonds and which
are only another swindle upon the community.
It will force these banks to withdraw their notes
from circulation and greenbacks will take the
place of the graybacks as a circulating medium.
The faith of the Government will be as strictly
pledged for the redemption of these greenbacks
as it is now for the payment of the bonds. The
volume of the currency will only be increased
ten per cent, by this operation; the interest on
the bonds will cease, and money will be invested
in proper and legitimate business instead of
lying in safes and banks idle as it now does.
In conclusion, I.am not in favor of repudia-
tion ; but if any class of creditors have to wait
for their pay, have to be put off, have to stand
aside for any other class, I am in favor of
placing Mr. Shoddy behind the honest claimant.
I am in favor of justice, of equal taxation, of
no privileged classes nor class legislation ; and
I am in favor of one kind of money for all.
Finance.
SPEECH OF HON. E. C. INGERSOLL,
of illinois,
In the House op Represejttatives,
January 27, 1869.
The House being in session for general debate—
Mr. INGERSOLL said:
Mr. Speaker: During many centuries there
existed a set of crazy enthusiasts who were
called alchemists, who spent their lives in the
endeavor to find a universal solvent whereby
the baser metals could be transmuted into gold.
After centuries of effort they failed, and as a
class they have become extinct. In our days
there is another set of alchemists equally as
crazy in my judgment as the former, who are
attempting to discover a universal solvent by
means of which they may be able to trans-
mute paper into gold. In my judgment they
will fail as their predecessors failed. And, Mr.
Speaker, they ought to fail, for it is idle, ay,
worse than idle to attempt to put the finances of
this country on a specie basis in the present
condition of affairs. I say it is impossible to
accomplish such a result at the present time or
at any future time while the present status of
our finances continues unchanged; and if it
could be done it would be but temporary, for
a specie basis could not be maintained thirty
days. I mean by a specie basis the excluding
of any other kind of money than gold and sil-
ver as a lawful or legal tender in the payment
of debts. If the Government was out of debt,
if the laboring classes, the masses of the peo-
ple, were out of debt, then, with the gold coin
in the country, what is popularly known as a
specie basis might be attained and specie pay-
mentsresumed. But specie payments, at best,
in the past were but a delusion. They never
existed in reality ; they were at all times and
under all circumstances a delusion and a cheat.
