1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1261
other names before us. I now move the pre-
vious question on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The first question was upon the amendments
to the bill.
Mr. PAINE. I now yield the floor for ten
minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
McKee.]
Mr. McKEE. Mr. Speaker, I propose to go
on, as near as I can, from where I left off yes-
terday afternoon, directing my remarks espe-
cially to the persons from my own State whose
names are in this bill. As I have already said,
in all the applications that have been made
from my own State not a solitary reason is
assigned by any of the petitioners except that
they want to continue to hold the offices which
they now unconstitutionally hold. In all the
indorsements placed upon their papers by the
gentlemen who have so kindly signed for them
there is not one single reason assigned why
these men should be relieved except that they
now submit to the laws.
As I said before, these men who come here
from Kentucky asking for relief went into
office in violation of the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution, and they hold those offices
to-day in direct defiance of your laws, and they
now ask us to pass a special bill for their relief
that they may continue to hold those offices.
In the State of Kentucky, as is well known,
not only this fourteenth amendment is defi-
antly set aside and spurned, but your whole
legislation embodied in the civil rights bill has
no part whatever in the law of Kentucky. And
there is not a single State court in thatrState
to-day where a colored man is permitted to
testify in regard to any matter whatever, con-
cerning either his person, his property or his
life, where the matter in controversy is between
himself and a white man. In that State to-
day a white person may with impunity rob and
theu murder a man of color in the presence
of a hundred fellow-citizens of his own race,
and there ia not a State court in Kentucky
which will permit a single one of those hun-
dred colored men to testify in the case. Two
of these men who are named in this bill are
what are called in Kentucky Commonwealth's
attorneys, prosecuting attorneys in the courts,
whose business it is to prosecute crimes. And
yet when there is a crime committed by a
white person against a person of color, which
act is witnessed by no matter how many per-
sons of color, and these attorneys are asked
to introduce these colored witnesses in the
prosecution of the crime in a Kentucky court
of justice, these same men who now come
here and ask relief from political disabilities
will stand up before that court and reply,
"No; our laws do not permit colored men
to testify against white men, and we defy
your civil rights bill and all the laws of Con-
gress on that subject." And while they are
doing that, thus sanctioning murder and rob-
bery and the shedding of blood, they come
here before us to-day and ask you to pass a bill
to relieve them from the disability of holding
office, in order that*they may go on and con-
tinue this system which is only one of barbar-
ism. it is for this reason that I object to these
men being relieved from their disabilities.
Furthermore, as I said before, there is- no
sign of repentance whatever on their part.
They have not turned from the error of their
ways. They were selected and chosen for the
positions they now occupy because of the aid
they rendered the rebel cause. And I want
to read, in substantiation of what I have said,
what 1 have here in my hand, an extract from
the Clarke County Democrat, of Kentucky,
published on the 14th of January last, pub-
lished in the district of my colleague. [Mr.
Beok,] who is on this committee. It is on this
very question, and this is the language used:
"The gentlemen now filling the public places in
this Commonwealth were selected by the people be-
cause believed to hate the Radicals with an especial
hatred. If any of them should be relieved by con-
gressional enactment of disabilities which their con-
stituents considered their chief glory and recom-
mendation there will be good ground for suspecting
that they haveweakened in the faith.
"We know of none who, according to Radical
ideas, are entitled to any favors on account of loy-
alty, and should any be relieved it will be satisfac-
tory evidence to us that either Congress has been
deceived or some quondam brother h<s strayed from
the path of rectitude. Let no true Kentuckian ask
such a,favor of Ben. Butler and the scoundrels who
now hold the reins of power. _ There is no fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution, and the courts will
so deeide after awhile."
Well, there is no proof here that they have
" weakened in the faith." One other thing I
want to say in regard to this subject, that is car-
rying out this discrimination against two hun-
dred and fifty thousand citizens of the United
States. The Legislature of Kentucky has been
in session for nearly two months, and this ques-
tion of giving this quarter of a million of citi-
zens the right to testify has been agitated ia
that State more than two years, ever since the
civil rights bill was passed.
On last Saturday a resolution was introduced
into the House of Representatives of Ken-
tucky instructing the Judiciary Committee to
inquire simply into the propriety of repealing
all laws making discrimination against persons
on account of color—not to report a repealing
act, but simply to inquire into the propriety of
the repeal. That resolution was tabled by a
vote of 46 yeas to 16 nays, showing the prog-
ress that is being made down there on this
subject. These men are upholding that system
of barbarism.
One other fact illustrating the state of senti-
ment there. On the 1st day of February of the
present year a bill was passed by the house of
representatives of Kentucky, and it has since
been passed by the senate, '• for the protection
of grave-yards so as tosubjectanyone removing
a head or foot-board of any grave where a white
person is interred, or in anywise cutting into
or defacing such grave, to heavy fine or impris-
onment. " A correspondent of the leading
paper in Kentucky, the Louisville Journal, says
this is a " righteous law." Well, I admit that
it is a righteous act to prevent the disturbing
of graves : but is not the grave of a colored
man as sacred to his relatives and friends as
that of a white man? Yet the men who take
part in continuing this barbarism come here
asking us to relieve them of their disabilities
that they may go on perpetrating these out-
rages.
One thing more. It was stated yesterday
that a gentleman from Kentucky, who had
been relieved on his own application, had de-
nied that he ever wrote such an application.
I hold in my hand a copy of a letter written by
this man, Colonel Crossland, who was relieved
at the last session of Congress. This letter is
as follows:
Hickman, Eestccet, January 28, 1369.
Deak Sir : My attention has been called to an article
which appealed m your issue of Tuesday, copied from
the Washington Chronicle, in which is set out a peti-
tion to winch in> name is attached, asking of Con-
gress the passage of an act for the removal of dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution. That petition I never saw or heard of
until it appeared in print, nor did I ever request or
authorize any one to present any petition or make
any application to Congress on the subject. The
statements contained in the petition are not true,
and I did not and could not. ha,ve made them.
I acted deliberately and in conscientious obedi-
ence to the dictates of duty. I was advised not to
enter the armyoftheconfederateStates, and Irefused
to listen to theadvieeot friends who attempted thasto
dissuade and influence me; and if I had known that
such a petition had been presented 1 would havecom-
municated these facts to Mr. Bodtwell and to Con-
j! gress. I would not have deceived him or procured
j| the clemency of Congress by a violation of truth or
:i sacrifice ofmanhood. But I do not believe that Con-
j! gress would h.ive required any concessions or repudi-
1 atiou of honestly-entertained opinions that influ-
l| enced past actions, and believe that such language
in the petition was superfluous and unnecessary. I
'] should not have deemed it improper in anywise for
i a confederate soldier to have applied to Congress for
ji such relii-f, presenting a truthful statement of facts.
. Nor would I have hesitated to ask the assistnne^ of
" Union nun in this district, most of whom I have
!i always found ready to aid uie when beset by the
'• trouble* and embarrassments that I have met since
: the clo^o of the war. All of them know how I acted
:i ia 1861, and have not lequtred or asked any humili-
' afdug concessions as a condition upon which their
!i kind services were rendered. I request the publica-
tion of this in the Herald and other papers that have
copied the article from the Chronicle.
Yours, respectfully,
EDWARD CR.OSSLASD.
Editor Padueah Herald.
That man, having been relieved, has since
been elected to office, and to-day is enforcing
those barbarous laws in Kentucky which I
have recited in your presence.
I know it may be said that those signing the
petition for the removal of these political dis-
abilities are some of the best Republicans in
Kentucky. I have gone over the list and ex-
amined them all, and I find among these
petitioners one man who was one of the first
to go into the rebel army, and has made it his
boast (which will be found on the records of
this House in the testimony of a contested-
election case) that immediately after the fall
of E'ort Sumter he went through Kentucky se-
cretly recruiting men for the southern con-
federacy. This is one of the men coming here
for relief, and whose name is in this bill.
While it is true that some good Repub-
licans, among them Hon. James Speed, late
Attorney General of the United States, sign
this petition, yet almost every one of them
is a lawyer, practicing at the same bar;
and every man who is a lawyer understands
how lawyers feel toward each other. The
only reason they assign is that the person
whose disabilities are to be removed is a good,
clever fellow ; aud they dislike to see him.
turned out of office, and if he is turned oat
we will get no better to- fill his place. It is
not pretended that he has changed his senti-
ments at all.
I now turn to the case of D. Howard Smith,
at present State auditor of Kentucky, who was
one of the first men to enter the rebel army
from that State. I find that his petition also
is signed by Mr. Speed, whom all gentlemen
here know to be a very kind-hearted gentle-
man, so kind-hearted that he could scarcely
refuse any man a favor. It is also signed by
S. G. Burbridge, late major general of the
Union Army, who has some family connection,
as I learn, with Mr. Smith.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PAINE. I would be glad to give the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. McKee] more
time ; but I have already disposed of all that
remains of my hour. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] fifteen
minutes.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, I desire to have as
much of the attention of the House as possible
in presenting the five cases from Kentucky em-
braced in this bill, as I propose to call attention
to the petitions and evidence myself iustead of
sending the papers to the Clerk's desk to be
read, knowing thatitwouid beimpossibleferthe
Clerk even to read the documents in the fifteen
minutes allowed me. Before referring to each
case separately, permit me to say that in this
bill, containing over two hundred names, only
five are Kentuckians. I was unable to obtain
I more, because the committee desired that this
1 bill should be as free from the embarrassment
i of contested cases as possible, and it was known
.! that objection would be made generally, and
I perhaps urged earnestly, against the removal
of the disabilities of any Kentucky Democrat.
Still it was conceded that there ought to be
some Democrats presented, so that the test
might be fairly made in the House whether
the dominant majority here intended—as our
friends feared—to make adhesion to the Repub-
lican party a sine Qua non in obtaining relief.
Among the applicants from Kentucky were
gentlemen occupying various positions: some
were judges of our courts, and as the judges
from other States had been postponed, the
. committee were not willing to take up the Ivea-
j tucky judges in advance of the others; some
held inferior offices, and some did not bold
office. Being limited to two or three, I obtained
the consent of the committee to have the three
prominent, cases now under consideration re-
ported—one, D. Howard Smith, the State aud-
itor from my own district. Colonel Philip Lee,
