APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
Ho. of Reps.
Finance—Mr. Ingersoll.
40th Cong. ... 3d Sess.
In those days characterized as the days of
specie payments it is well known that the paper
money of the country was supposed to be based
on specie in the proportion of three dollars in
pap'er to one in coin ; and so long as public con-
fidence was maintained, so long as commerce
flowed on in its wonted channels, so long as
there was anything like general prosperity, and
so long as no one needed coin the specie basis
maintained itself. But when a crisis came
which shook public confidence, when the busi-
ness of the country halted and became deranged
to any considerable extent, and the holders of
bank bills wanted to convert them into gold
and silver coin, and the want of coin became
anything like general, then your specie basis
proved itself a monstrous swindling fraud. If
only one dollar in three of the paper money
was presented to the banks they might possi-
bly have redeemed them, but if two dollars out
of three were presented the banks closed their
doors, and universal panic, bankruptcy, and
ruin followed.
There has been no proposition, so far as I
have been advised, introduced at the present
session in either branch of Congress in con-
nection with the financial condition of the
country that did not have for its object the
resumption of specie payments. The plans
have been as various as the propositions have
been numerous, but they all have the ultimate
object in view of a resumption of specie pay-
ments. As 1 said at the outset, such a resump-
tion is an impossibility; a specie basis could
not be maintained for thirty days. A second
suspension of coin payments would suddenly
follow, and bankruptcy and widespread ruin
and universal distress would be the l'esult.
Talk about putting thia country on a specie
basis now, and the only thing you will demon-
strate is that you are a modern alchemist, or
else one of the favored classes who have fixed
and certain incomes and who reap golden har-
vests from the bonds of the United States,
which this Government issued under the dire
necessities of the war. Who is it that is ask-
ing for a resumption of specie payments? Is
there a Representative on this floor from any
one of the western or southern States that has
had a petition sent to him asking him to vote
for a return to specie payments? Not one.
Have we heard of a mechanic throughout the
length and breadth of this land, or of an artisan
or fanner, or any one of the laboring masses
of the country upon whose shoulders rest the
great burden of the $2,500,000,000 of national
debt, who has asked for the passage of a bill
looking to the resumption of specie payments ?
We have not. Who is it, then, that is clamor-
ing for the resumption of specie payments?
Is it the debtor class? No, sir; it would be
absolute ruin and beggary to the laboring and
debtor class of the country if we should foice
a return to specie payments.
Is it the producing classes, the artisan that
sweats over the anvil, the men who manage
the forge, the rolling-mill, or the cotton fac-
tory ? It is not the producing classes in this
country or those who eat their bread in the
sweat of their brow. It is the man who rolls
in splendor with his coat-of-arms emblazoned
on the panels of his carriage and drives his
four and six in hand ; it is the rich bondholder,
the man who is out of debt and holds the mort-
gages and obligations of the people and the
Government bonds who is clamoring for specie
payments. The universal voice which comes
from the masses of the people that support and
sustain this Government is against it; all the
laboring classes all over this land enter their
solemn and united protest against being mort-
gaged body and soul to the capital of this
country, as they would be upon the resumption
of specie payments. Specie payments mean
less wages for the laboring man, less bread for
the hungry man, less comfort, less happiness,
less ^ peace, and less of everything which is
It means oppression by the rich of the
destitute and suffering; it means splendor for
the rich and degradation for the poor. Why,
theGovernmentitselfisin debt $2,500,000,000,
and you talk about the Government resuming
specie payments! Are the national banks,
with a circulation of almost three hundred
million dollars, prepared for a resumption of
specie payments? They could not redeem one
dollar fti ten if you should put the country on
a specie basis this year or next. I have not
yet spoken of the State indebtedness, which
amounts to hundreds and hundreds of millions
of dollars more. I have not adverted to the
individual indebtedness of the people, which
is estimated by some at $4,000,000,000, and
by others as high as $8,000,000,000, which is
due this day. And the day that you resume
specie payments you say to all these creditors
that they can have their gold in payment of
these debts, and they will demand the gold,
and the property of the laboring classes will
be sacrificed to the Shylocks so that they may
have their shining coin. They would soon
exhaust the supply of coin, and then universal
bankruptcy and ruin would envelop as a cloud
the whole of this broad land. If we here, as
the Representatives of the people, instead of
turning our attention to devising some scheme
for the resumption of specie payments, will
devote our attention to promoting industry,
developing the exhaustless resources of the
Republic, and keep the labor of the country
profitably employed — keep money abundant
and at a low rate of interest—we will infuse
new life into and energize all the industrial and
producing powers of the whole country, and
thereby develop its resources, promote its
material prosperity, and increase its power to
maintain and ultimately to pay its debts, we
will be doing that which unborn generations
will in future years bless us for. But if we
return to what is known as specie payment now
we will bring such ruin upon the country that
generations will come and go before good and
prosperous times return again.
I have heard gentlemen upon this floor say
that with an 'accumulation of $200,000,000 of
gold in the Treasury, and with a declaration
on the part of Congress that the Government
is ready to resume specie payments, it would
restore public confidence in the ability to main-
tain a specie basis, and that with the $200,-
000,000 m coin specie payments could be re-
sumed. Sir, this is impossible, for the reason
that whenever the Government says it is ready
to resume specie payments ten days would not
roll over this country until the vaults of the
Treasury would be as empty as the head of a
modern alchemist. Gentlemen who advocate
this specie basis tell us that the creditors of
the Government would not realize on the bonds
or the obligations of the Government. This is
a fallacy and a delusion. Do not tell me that
the holders of our Governm?nt bonds in Europe,
who hold them to an amount equal to six or
eight hundred million dollars, will fail to col-
lect the golden harvest the moment the Gov-
ernment says it is ready to pay. So also would
the holders of Government obligations in our
own country make haste to exchange them for
the gold.
But, say these resumption theorists, the Gov-
ernment has an option upon these bonds, some
of them for fifteen years and upon others for a
longer time. Suppose it has. The Government
has $356,000,000 of legal-tender notes payable
in coin the very minute it resumes specie pay-
ments. Suppose the bonds are not yet due ;
who that holds any bonds will not exchange or
sell them for legal-tender notes that are due
and payable in coin, and demand the gold for
them? You will find that the bonds of the
Government held abroad to the extent of about
eight hundred million dollars will soon come
back h ere for conversion into legal-tender notes,
which are then payable in coin. Do yon think
they would not do that ? I tell you that we have
money gamblers and gold gamblers enough in
this country to take out of your Treasury every
dollar in gold inside often days after you shall
have resumed specie payments, though you may
have $300,000,000 of gold in your vatilts. The
more coin you may have iu your vaults the
greater the rush will be to get it out.
These theorists say that when the people find
that they can get gold for their notes or bonds
they will not want it. Sir, that is an error j
they will v/ant it, and I will give you my reason
for it, a reason which to my mind is potential-
The men who hold the legal-tender notes or
any other obligations of the Government which
would be payable in coin upon the resumption
of specie payments well know that you could
not maintain a specie basis. If you open your
vaults to the creditofs of the Government they
will take your gold, knowing that in thirty
days Congress would be compelled to legalize
a suspension of specie payments. And then
what would follow? Another premium on gold
of twenty, thirty, forty, or fifty per cent, ac-
cording to the necessities of the Government
and the demands of the Shylocks. And then
these creditors will not only have realized upon
the bonds which they bought at about fifty
cents on the dollar a magnificent fortune, but
they will then be ready to sell you coin again
at a premium of fifty oroife hundred per cent,
with which to pay the gold interest on the out-
standing bonds of the Government. They will
take every possible advantage of your neces-
sities, for they would be absolute masters of
the situation under the second suspension of
specie payments which would follow, and then
with our Treasury exhausted we would be at
the mercy of the gold gamblers. May heavea
protect us from such a fate 1
And, Mr. Speaker, we are not without in-
struction to be gathered from thje history of
other nations in conditions similar to our
own. The history of Great Britain, commenc-
ing with the year 1797, furnishes us an impress-
ive lesson from which we ought to gather that
wisdom which will enable us to avoid the dis-
asters consequent upon the fatal policy which
was adopted and pursued in England, such as
the resumption theorists of our day desire to
see adopted and pursued in this country. The
continental wars of Europe which followed the
French revolution, which commenced in 1789,
and in which Great Britain was involved for
twenty years, and which only terminated with
the overthrow ot Napoleon at the battle of
Waterloo in 1815, left England with a d^bt of
£848,000,000, which is equivalent to about
forty-two hundred and fifty million dollars in
our money. The British debt at this time is
about eight hundred million pounds, showing
a reduction of only £48,000,000 in the past
fifty years. It will be seen that the British
debt is almost double our own debt, but it is
no greater burden upon the English people
than our debt is upon us, for the reason
that most of the English debt is at three per
cent, interest, while the most of our debt is
at six per cent, interest. In both cases it was
the prosecution of great wars that created the
debt.
In 1797 the British Government found its
treasury exhausted of gold, and by the law
of necessity it was compelled to issue paper
money, a suspension of specie payments was
authorized, and specie paynmts were sus-
pended, and the paper currency passed current
as money in the realm. This was the British
legal tender, amounting to hundreds of mil-
lions of dollars, and by means of which the
British Government was enabled to prosecute
the war against Napoleon, and by means of
which the _ British people were enabled not
only to maintain but to advance the national
wealth and prosperity during that twenty years'
conflict.
In 1815 peace was declared ; and in 1816
the British bondholders, the wealthy classe ?
and the great capitalists of the English people
clamored for a resumption of specie payments
