BIO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
ply the demands of business and the necessities
of the people.
Tlje experiment of an inconvertible cur-
rency has been tried on the most extended
scale and through long periods of time and
under the most trying circumstances, and has
never failed. In 3 797, when the. British em-
pire was threatened with rebellion in Ireland,
und was sustaining all Europe against the vic-
tories of Bonaparte with its subsidies of gold,
the question came to her great war minister,
Pitt, shall the integrity of the empire be lost ?
Shall France overrun all Europe and threaten
great Britain in the East, or shall the currency
of the empire be the inconvertible note of the
Bank of England ? He chose the latter. How
wisely the success of England and the allied
armies culminating at Waterloo attest. An
inconvertible currency fought the battles of
England and of the world from that Sunday
morning, the 23d of February, 1797, when the
King himself in council ordered the suspen-
sion of specie payments, till the 18tli of June,
18X5.
Irredeemable paper laid the foundation of
England's mann factoring and com mercial pros-
perity, supplied her navy which, at Trafalgar,
made her the mistress of the seas, and pro-
cured the gold with which all the armies of
Europe were paid, and for eighteen years there
was neither financial revulsion, business panic,
or distress. In answer to the objection that it
is necessary to have gold currency for foreign
trade I quote Maclaren, one of the most phil-
osophical as well as accurate writers of Eng-
land, in his History of the Currency:
"It is remarkable that no difficulty was experi-
enced by our morctmnts in carrying on their trade
with other nations daring this period, though they
no longer had a stock of bullion kept for them at the
bank by means of which theymight adjust tlioir for-
eign payments. Mo inconvenience, indeed, of any
kind was foitfrom tho substitution of paperfor gold,
and, ifthe bank directors had so ordered tbcirissuea
as to keep the mint and market price of gold on an
oquality, it seems that no objection could have been
urged against tho papercnrrency.oxcoptits liability
to forgery, and we should never have heard of the
currency controversy."
We remember our own war of the rebellion,
without the legal-tender note, must have come
to an end in the beginning of 1862 ; the banks
had suspended, and, like broken reeds, the
Government could no longer lean upon them ;
business was paralyzed, men and supplies could
hardly be obtained, the armies were unpaid,
and no dee.sive battle had been fought when
Congress passed the legal-tender act of 18tili.
From that time business received a new im-
pulse, labor was employed, manufactures every-
where sprung up, supplies were abundant, and
although by a great error the legal-tender nole
was not made the money of the Government
for all purposes, as it should have been, yet,
crippled as it was, it supplied and paid our
soldiers, pensioned the wounded, provided for
the widow and orphan, and produced a degree
of prosperity theretofore unknown, which has
been maintained ever since, and during this
period of six years financial panics and dis-
asters were unknown and unthought of until
the insane attempt of the banker and capi-
talist to force a return to specie payments by
a contraction of the currency.
During the year 1864 we exported more than
one hundred millions of gold and silver, only
$35,000,000 of which came from San Fran-
cisco, and no one knew the fact from any effect
it bad on the business of the country, in any
other year, while our currency was upon a spe-
cie basis, the export of one tenth part of that
sum beyond our production would have pro-
duced financial panics, ruin, and distress
greater than that of 1837 when our total ex-
port of specie was less than six million dol-
lars.
_ Point me to any other six years in the finan-
cial history of the country in which labor has
bi-en so well paul ; in which production has
been so varied and successful; in which there
have not been more than one financial panic
s-ntterimr ruin and disaster through the land.
We imve heard much of tho patriotism of the
bankers arid capitalists who-are said to have
comc forward to lend their gold to the country
in its time of utmost need, but that is exactly
what they did not do.
In December, 1861, the banks suspended
specie payments without right, without author-
ity of law, in violation of their own plighted
faith and promises, so that neither the Gov-
ernment nor any one else could get a dollar of
their gold from their vaults. When, in pursu-
ance of the act of Congress of the 25th of Feb-
ruary, 1862, $150,000,000 of legal-tender notes
were issued, with which our soldiers were paid
and the debts of the United States canceled,
did the banks or capitalists loan these to the
Government or did we make them for our-
selves? On the contrary, the banks refused
even to receive the Government notes on de-
posit. When the Government wanted more
money to pay the soldier and carry on the war,
did they get it from the banker and capitalist?
No ; they issued their own legal-tender notes
as money and paid their debts. Having pro-
vided that these notes might be funded into a
gold-bearing six percent, bond, the capitalists
bought them up when they fell to a discount of
sixty per cent., by selling the gold at that pre-
mium which they had hoarded in their vaults
and had refused to loan to the Government, and
funded this, which they now call failed paper,
in bonds for the payment of which in gold, or,
what is equivalent, a return to specie payments,
they now howl at the doors of the Capitol, un-
mindful of the destruction of value, the starving
of tho laborer, and the ruin and devastation
they may cause.
Although this return to specie payment has
been agitated ever since the war what petition
has come up to you from the people demand-
ing it at your hands? What meetings of the
people have been held to make to you petitions
for relief from grievances in this behalf? Not
one; not one. Only resolutions of boards of
trade and bankers.
I stand here, therefore, for inconvertible
paper money, the greenback, which has fought
our battles and saved our country, which has
been held by us as a just equivalent for the
blood of our soldiers, the lives of our sons, the
widowhood of our daughters, and the orphan-
age of their children.
I stand here for a currency by which the
business transactions of forty million people
are safely and successfully done, which, founded
on tho faith, tho wealth, and property of the
nation, is at oncc the exemplar and engine of
its industry and power—that money which
saved the country in war and has given it pros-
perity and happiness in peace. To it four mil-
lion men owe their emancipation from slavery ;
to it labor is indebted for elevation from that
thrall of degradation in which it has been en-
veloped for ages. I stand for that money,
therefore, which is by far the better agent and
instrument of exchange of an enlightened and
free people than gold and silver the money
alike of the barbarian and the despot.
[The hour havingexpired duringthedelivery
of Mr. Butler's speech, by unanimous con-
sent his time was extended thirty minutes.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
lay on the table the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred.
The motion was agreed to.
message from this president.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was communicated by Mr.
Moore, his Private Secretary, who also an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed a bill (H. It. No. 1428) authorizing the
admission of evidence of copies of certain pa-
pers, documents, and entries.
davis, iiolt, and campbell cos1missios.
Mr. SPALDING, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a joint resolution
(H. 11. No. 403) providing for the disposition
of certain papers; which was read a first and
second time I
The joint resolution provides that all the I
papers and evidence returned to the War De- i
partment by the Davis, Holt,"and Campbell i
commission, touching claims against the de-
partment of the West accruing immediately
before the 14-th of October, 1861, shall be sur-
rendered and turned over to the Attorney Gen-
eral, whose duty it shall be to cause the evi-
dence to be examined, and such part thereof
as has any bearing on cases pending in the
Court of Claims shall be printed and received
in said Court of Claims as if it were evidence
taken under commission for said court, sub-
ject, however, to reexamination or cross-ex-
amination of the witness of either party.
Mr. SPALDING. The Committee on Ap-
propriations unanimously instruct me to offer
this resolution, and ask its passage by the
House at this time. I will state in a few words
the reason. When these claims were adjusted
by the commission under a resolution of Con-
gress—a commission consisting of one of the
justices of the Supreme Court of the United
States, of Judge Holt, who is at the head of the
Bureau of Military Justice, and an eminent
merchantin St. Louis—they carefully examined
all these claims, and adjudicated that so much of
them as they deemed just and equitable should
be paid. The claimants received their money
under that adjudication, and gave their receipts
in full. But now, to our great astonishment,
they bring their suits in the Court of Claims,
and ask for the difference between -what they
originally claimed and what this commission
declared tbey ought to have in satisfaction of
their claims, and they allege that these receipts
given in full were given under duress, and
therefore that they are not to be bouud by
them. This resolution is offered atthe instance
of tho Attorney General for the purpose of
allowing the papers that were acted upon by
that commission, so far as they have any bear-
ing upon these cases in court to be introduced
as evidence, subject however to be rebutted bv
evidence if the parties have it, and subject t.o
cross examination, if itis desired, the evidence
taken by the commission to be prima facia
evidence before the Court of Claims. It will
save trouble and expense to the nation, and
will do no injustice, 1 think, to anybody.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would like to know what
I am called upon to vote for.
Mr. SPALDING. I have just stated what
the resolution proposes to do.
Mr. SCHENCK. What is it proposed to
make evidence ?
Mr. SPALDING. All the testimony that was
before this commission when they adjudicated
the claims.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is the testimony taken in
this ex parte way to be conclusive, or is it to
be taken for what it is worth ?
Mr. SPALDING. For what it is worth; and
the witnesses are to be subject to reexamina-
tion or cross-examination. It is all right.
_Mr._SCHEN!.'K. There ought to be some-
thing in the resolution to afford an opportunity
for cross-examination.
Mr. SPALDING. That is provided for.
The joint resolution was then passed.
bureau of enuhaving, etc.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved* That the Secretary of tho Treasury is
hereby directed to communicate to this House a copy
of the report, made under the direction of the First
Comptroller, the First Auditor, and the Register of
the ireasury, in reference to the past and present
condition of the Bureau of Engraving arid Printing
of the Treasury Department, with the accompanying
documents.
delegate from "wyoming.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I hold in my hand the credentials of Mr.
J. S. Casement, Delegate-elect from the Terri-
tory of Wyoming; and if there be no objection,
I a.sk that he be sworn in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like to know when this man wai elected and
