1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1263
mouth or raised his voice but one. I regret
to say it, bub it is true. • The only one who
opposes his application is my colleague, [Mr.
McKee.]
Mr. McKEE. I ask my colleague to yield
to me.
Mr. BECK. I have not the time; bat I will
read the gentleman's protest. It is as follows:
House of Representatives, February 5,1869.
Dear Sir: I learn that D.Howard Smith, J.
Schooling, Phil. Lee, and perhaps others, are in the
bill in preparation by y our committee for relief of
disabilities.
1). Howard Smith was one of John Morgan's chiefs,
and in iny own district 111 18G2 had burned every
hoube in Center county for fifteen wiled on asirjgie
road, as a wanton act of barbarism. In 1864 the same
band, ho with them, broke open and robbed & bank
in my town of S90.000. Not a Government or na-
tional bank, and in which the Government had no
interest, lie was elected auditor of State as a re-
ward for his services in the rebellion, and haa defiud
and to-day delies our laws and our Constitution by
holding on to this office, knowing his disqualifica-
tion, and is as much opposed to the national author-
ity m Kentucky as he ever was.
Phil. Lee and J. W. Schooling are both district
attorneys, elected and went into office after article
fourteen was declared adopted,and are in theirofficiai
m capacit ies to-day aiding Ken tacky in denying all civil
rights to two hundred and fifty thousand citizens of
my State, and setting our laws at defiance. 0. V.
Harris, I have been informed, is justice of the peace.
I trust the committee wiil not report tbeia or any
other names of men who defy our laws. Let them
alone until they do justice to our people; it will then
be time for us to show mercy to them.
Yours, very respectfully,
SAMUEL McKEE.
Hon. Geo. S. Boutwell.
The statement of Colonel McKee does not
distinctly charge that Colonel Smith took part
in that bank robbery ; but it seeks to hold him
responsible for it. Intimations of that sort bad
been made some years ago in a newspaper pub-
lished in Mount Sterling, and Colonel Smith
obtained evidence so overwhelming agaicst its
truth, that it was promptly retracted. I have
the statement of the Federal officer in com-
mand at Mount Sterling then, saying that Col-
onel Smith, so far from engaging in that rob-
bery, was with him seeking to get him released
on parole, and that he succeeded in doing so.
I have also here a statement of the adjutant
general of Morgan's command who testifies,
that so far from Colonel Smith having any-
thing to do with the robbery, he was protesting
against and resisting it by every means in his
power; and when he went back to Virginia
he demanded tli^t these robbers should be
prosecuted j and it was by reason of his vigor-
ous prosecution that they were punished.
I have the statement of the- president and
cashier of the bank at Mount Sterling exoner-
ating him from all blame, and certifying-that
he behaved in all regards as a gentleman and a
man. of honor. When I saw these charges
brought against him I wrote to him at once
and procured these certificates. They are as
follows:
Covington, Juhi&, 1865.
Dear Coloxel: I have just returned from the
country, and lind your favor ot the 30th ultimo await-
ing uie.
Iam much surprised tolearn that any one should
dare to assail your character in regard to that bank
affair, or in fact m any manner, knowing your abil-
ity to produce, even from our former enemies m
arms, such abundant testimonials of a character so
abundant in all gentlemanly qualities.
It affords mo great, pleasure, as the late assistant
adjutant general of General John H. Morgan's com-
mand, in refuting the malice of the petty schemer,
I can state, though no longer officially, that I was
present with you at headquarters, Mount Sterling, on
or about the 9th day of J une, 1864, and learned from
you of the robbery of the bank at that place. I
heard youdenouncc the act as base and unbecoming
a confederate soldier, and request that an investiga-
tion should be immediately had. and. if possible, to
bud and restore the money taken to the respective
own eis and have the offenders punished. Afterward,
in Virginia, and while you were in command of the
division of cavalry, my intercourse with you as assist-
ant adjutant general of said division was almost con-
stant, and I assert positively that no one was more
urgent in ihoir demands for the arrest aiul punish-
ment of those who had cast so vile a blot upon the
fair fame of our command by taking the money of
an unarmed and defenseless people.
lour action in this matter was the cause of your
becoming unpopular with many of thoso who sus-
tained the robbers; and I firmly believe that it was
through your instrumentality that those who have
  since been convicted were brought to punishment,
Let those opposed to you remember that while the
banks were being robbed you were at headquarters
exerting yourself for one of their number—Captain
 (I have forgotten his namej and succeeded in
having him released.
Feeling that those who would injure your charac-
ter as a soldier and gentleman are powerless,
I remain, very truly, yours,
C. A. WITHERS.
Georgetown, Kentucky, Juh 3,1865.
Dear Sir: I received your letter of the 30th of
June, in waich you inform me of you hearing of ?ome
malicious, unprincipled individual or individuals
attempting to connect your name with the robbery
of the branch of the Farmers' Bank of Kentucky, at
Mount Sterling, Kentucky, on the 8th day of June,
1864. Thesaidrurnororreport Ihadnotheardofonly
through your letter; butm justification to yourself
I can state that while I wa* defending the town of
Mount Sterling on June the 8th, 1&>1,1 was captured
by General J. H.Morgan'? forces about ten o'clock in
the morning. I requested to be curried before your-
self. I remained with you until four o'clock p. in.
of the same date, during which time you carried me
before General Morgan. There in my presence you
stated to General Morgan that the bank had been
robbed, and requested an investigation of the mat-
ter. General Morgan remarked that he had just
heard of it; had not time then to attend to it, but
would.
I am confident that you knew nothing of the rob-
bery until after it had been committed, and then did
all in your power to have it adjusted.
I am. Colonel, very respectfully, your obedient
'servant, • E. C. BABXOW,
Late Captain Company B,
Fortieth Kentucky Volunteers.
Colonel D. H. Smith.
* —
Office Farmers' Bank, Kentucky,
Mount Sterling, Julyo• 1565.
Dear Sir: I have been shown a letter from you to
Dr. M. Q.Ashby.in which you state that certain per-
sons have charged that you were concerned in the
robbery of this office in, June last year, at the time
of the Morgan raid, and requesting that I should
make a statement of the facts in the case.
I would with pleasure state that I saw you after
the robbery was committed, and that you condemned
the act in unmistakable language, and that you told
me that you were not in chief command, but would
do what you could to have the money sent, or some-
thing to that effect. So far as the division of the
funds among Morgan and his officers, we have posi-
tive proof of the fact that the thing was done, but
we have never had the least suspicion that you were
one of the party. I am happy to state and believe
that there were others among the command that
would have disdained to have toueheda dollar of the
money obtained under such circumstances.
Very respectfully,
WILLIAM MITCHELL, Cwhit*-.
D. Howard Smith.
If this man cannot be relieved, there is no
man that ever fought in the rebel army that
can ask for it. If he were not a good man the
leading Republicans would not have indorsed
his petitiou. They say if you remove him
from office the Governor of the State will ap-
point a man who will be far less acceptable to
them. The good of the party in Kentucky,
they say, requires that he should be relieved,
because he is fair and just to Democrats and
Republicans, to white and black alike, and no
man has dared to open his mouth against him.
Now take the case of Philip Lee. attorney
for the Commonwealth for the Louisville dis-
trict, a man who, as I understand, fully in-
dorses the action of the leading lawyers of his
bar that negroes shall have their civil rights
secured to them; these gentlemen are now
insisting upon it in a petition to the Legisla-
ture. I know there are men who write such
articles as those referred to in the paper pre-
sented by the gentleman [Mr. McKee] who
are opposed to the removal of these disabil-
ities. It is possible that they hope to get the
offices themselves if these men are turned out,
and hence they are making war upon them.
Sir, it is not a question of Republicanism or
Democracy. There is not a district in Ken-
tucky that will not elect Democrats if these men
are removed. It is simply a question between
Democrats, and a refusal is only a punishment,
in one sense of the applicants here, as no party
purpose can be subserved by continuing their
disabilities. What are the facts in this case ?
Philip Lee is recommended by all the leading
llepublicans in his district, and by many in
other parts of the State. 1 wiil not trouble the
House nor take up its time by attempting either
to read or state the substance of these recom-
mendations. Among those I have before me
are the following ; From Hon. James Speed to
Governor Boutwkt.l, Hon. John E. Newman
to Governor Boctwei.l, Dr. Bell to General
Garfield, James F« Buckner to Hon. Richard
Yates, Hon. Martin Bijur to Speaker Colfax ;
one from Hon B. Tarvin Baker; also from
J. K. Goodloe, esq., W. E. Riley, General S.
S. Fry, General John M. Harlan, Lewis A.
Demlitz, General Garfield, B. P. Baird, and
others. These gentlemen will be recognized,
as I said, to be the leading men in the country
on the Republican side, and men who would
not recommend anything likely to injure their
party. The letters of Generals Fry and Harlan
may be taken as fair specimens of the others.
They read as follows:
Danville, Kentucky, December 3,1863.
To the Congressional Committee on Reconstruction;
Gentlemen: I have the honor, in connection with
other gentlemen of the great Republican party in
Kentucky, to request you to present a speciai bill as
soon after the convening of Congress as may be con-
venient relieving Colonel Philip Lee, of the city of
Louisville, Kentucky, from his civil disabilities, and
restoring him to all the rights of citizcDship.
Colonel Lee was at the last August election in our
State elected to the office of prosecuting attorney in
the Louisville judicial district, and having engaged
in the war of the rebellion against the United States
i will, unless relieved by special act of Congress, bo
i deprived of his situation under the provisions of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution.
i I am justified in saying upon the very best autbor-
| ity that Colonel Lee has since the termination of the
I war conducted himself with great propriety; thathe
I has chccrluily rendered that obedience and submis-
1 sion to the laws ot the land which entitles him to
i your most favorable consideration.
| It is, perhaps, well known to you all that the dis-
i trict in which he livesis thoroughly Democratic, and,
! should he beremovea, his place will m a;l probability
be tilled by some "stay-at-homerebel," more obnox-
iou.- to the loyal men of the district than Colonel Lee.
Ilearn that a great majority of the lawyers belong-
ing to the Republican parly wno practice in that dis-
trict are anxious that he be restored to citizenship,
and will present to your honorable committee their
reasons in full for desiring it to be done.
I hope, gentlemen, you may not only find it con-
sistent wim your duties, but also for the best interest
of the country, to grant this request, as I sincerely
believe it will be promotive of good in bringing about
a better state of feeling between those who have so
long been separated by discord and strife, and tend
to bring about that harmony and peace for which all
good men have labored.
I deem it unnecessary for me to say more on this
subject, a-s you will, no doubt, have laid before you
by gentlemen who are bett *r acquainted than I am
with Colonel Lee the reasons which have induced
them to make this movement in his behalf. With
the hope that Colonel Lee may be restored to all the
rights of citizenship,
I have the honor, gentlemen, to be your most
obedient servant,
SPEEDS. FRY,
Late Brigadier General United States Volunteers.
Lotisville, Kentucky, December 1,1S68.
Dear Sir: Ac the election held in this State in
August lust, Phil. Lee, an atmrney-at-lawof this city,
was elected, by a large majority of the qualified
voters in this judicial district, to the office of Com-
monwealth's attorney. Having takeu theoarh re-
quired by the constitution and laws of Kentucky, he
has entered upon the discharge of his official duties.
Mr. Lee was a lieutenant colonel in the rebel army
during the recent civil war, and had previous to the
commencement of the war held civil offices in this
State, and taken an o.uh to support the Constitution
of theUnited States. His case is. therefore, embraced
by the fourteenth amendmentof the Federal Consti-
tution, unless he is relieved from its operation by
reason of the fact that he was not a civil officer under
the laws of Kentucky at the time he joined the rebel
army.
lie desire? the passage of an act by Congress which
will enable him to hold and exeicisethe duties of the
office to which he was recently elected, without any
question as to his right to do so under the fourteenth
amendment,
I have known Colonel Lee for many years, and
cheerfully bear testimony to his many excellent qual-
ities. He is a kind-hearted, generous, and gallant
man, and in the discharge .of his official duties will
be impartial. I am sure that he will not use his office
to oppress or harass Union men. He will, in the
future, I doubt not, prove himself faithful totheCon-
stitution and the laws of the country.
As we will necessarily have a Democrat as Com-
monwealth's attorney, Colonel Lee will be as accept-
able to the Union men as any member of that party.
I therefore unite with others in expressing w.e
hope that the proposed act of Congress be passed k r
the benefit of Colonel Lee.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
JOHN JI. HARLAN.
Hon. James Harlan, Washington D. (\
How is it with Mr. Schooling ? He is a young
man, only twenty-five or twenty-six years of
age, and a man of marked ability. He was a
soldier in the rebel array ; when nineteen years
of age he held an office, hence his disability.
He comes here with the recommendation of
General Harlan, Captain James M. Fidler,
Judge Newman, Colonel Hodges, G. W. Riley,
