1869.
fflE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
who certifies to his election. There, is no Gov-
ernor there. % Y
Mr. DAWES. I will state that M Was elected,
as was the case in almost all thes^tt'eiTirories,
before the organization of the Teratq^y, and
was sent here to act as the agent andVfelegate
of the Territory, as lias been the eusrom and
precedent heretofore; not according to any
forms of law, but just as Representatives are
elected from a Texiitory when it is about to
become a State and S,re admitted to their seats
when the State is admitted. There is no law
for it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The bill
organizing the Territory of Wyoming was passed
at the close of the last session of Congress, and
the territorial officers have not been appointed.
I desire to know of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts if there has been any election in that
Territory since it was organized?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly not; that is what
I stated.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
object to anything of this kind.
The SPEAKER. Then the question is for
the House to decide.
Mr. DAWES. I move that Mr. Casement
be sworn in. This is simply in accordance
with the precedents heretofore. I do not know
of any Territory that has been organized for
many years from-frhich a Delegate has not come
here who was elected before the organization
of the Territory, and upon the organization of
the Territory he has-been admitted. And so
it has been in the case of States. When the
State of Kansas was admitted into the Union,
a gentleman who had been elected Represent-
ative before the State was admitted, without
any provisions of law, was admitted to his seat
here. There is no form of law under which
this gentleman was elected. Before the organi-
zation of the Territory he was elected by the
citizens of that Territory, and in accordance
with the precedents, when the Territory is
organized he applies for admission. He is
here simply as the agent of the Territory. He
lms no vote in the House, and in no capacity
can he act otherwise than as the agent of the
Territory.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
know whether he is the agent of the Territory
or of the Union Pacific Railroad Company?
Several Members. Ah ! Ah I
Mr. DAWES. I have no knowledge of the
facts beyond what I have stated to the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like to know how many votes he got, and how
many votes any other parties got, and who
signs the certificate of election?
Mr. DAWES. 1 have no knowledge of that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, it is
very extraordinary, it seems to me, that the
gentleman from Massachusetts should come in
here and ask us to elect a man Delegate from
a Territory which has no existence.
Mr. CULLOil. Would it be in order to
have the certificate read? I would like to know
who signs it.
The SPEAKER. The credentials will be
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas at an election holden in that portion of
the Teriitory of Dakota which comprises the pro-
posed territory of Wyoming, on the8th dayofOcto-
ber, A. D. 18(37, which election was called by a mass
meeting: of the citizens residing in said district of
count: y, and general not ice thereof was given by the
undersigned, who wero appointed a committee by
said muss meeting, and at such election J.S. Casement
being a candidate for the office of Delegate in Con-
gress to represent the interests of the aforesaid dis-
trict of country did receive a majority of the votes
cd&t at said election; Therefore,
It is heieby certified that the said J. S. Casement
wfat said election duly and legally elected to the
office of Delegate in Congress as aforesaid.
Xn testimony whereof witness our hands and seals
this 28th day of October, A. D. 1867.
[l.s.] THOMAS J. STREET.
IL. s.1 W. Ij. KUYKENDOLL,
U.S.] LDCIAN L. BEDELL,
Commissioners of Election.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I should
like to know how this paper is verified, whether
any public seal is attached to it, or there is
anything to authenticate it ?
Mr. DAWES, Nobody pretends that he
was elected in conformity to existing law. It
is simply in conformity to the precedents which
I have cited. . I know nothing about the facts.
The credentials were handed to me this morn-
ing to present.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman pre-
sent this as chairman of the Committee of
Elections?
Mr. DAWES. I do not.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think the gentleman's
committee had better examine it.
Mr. HIGrBY. I ask the chairman of the
Committee of Elections whether there has ever
before been a case like the one now presented,
where admission is asked for a gentleman who
was elected previous to the organization of the
Territory?
Mr. DAWES. There have been many such
precedents. It is due to the Committee of
Elections to say that they had nothing to do
with it. These credentials came to me this
morning, and I have presented them to the
House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman yields to me for a moment, and I wish
to call the attention of the House to the con-
dition of this case. My friend from Massa-
chusetts, the chairman of the Committee of
Elections, comes here, not making a report
from the Committee of Elections, and asks us
to admit a man to be sworn in and draw pay
and mileage for this Congress as a Delegate
from a part of the country where there was no
Territory, and thatupon the mere certificate of
a mass meeting, signed by individuals of whom
we know nothing. He proposes to admit him
as a member of this body. I do not know any
precedent for this proceeding. I do not believe
that any can be shown. If there is any, then
I am for making anew precedent. Let us have
aDelegatc electedby the Territory of Wyoming
as it has been organized, and let him come
here with a certificate properly authenticated
by the governor and the seal of the Territory.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand the gentle-
man to say that there was no Territory there.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No Terri-
tory of Wyoming.
Mr. MAYNARD. It was apart of the Ter-
ritory of Dakota.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It was a
partof Dakota, but not organized as the Terri-
tory of Wyoming; and Dakota was represented
at the very time this man claims to have been
elccted.
Mr. SPALDING. He was not elected at a
mass meeting, but on a general ticket.
Mr. DAWES. What the gentleman from
Illinois says is true, that this is an irregular
proceeding. It is due to me to say that I do
not ask that-this man shall be admitted upon
this floor, on any claim that he was elected
according to law. If the gentleman will look
back in the history of the Territories he will
find that this is not unusual. I agree that it is
irregular. I have never said that it was right.
Congress has admitted both members and Dele-
gates chosen in this manner during the last
twenty years. It is the precedent which has
been established. If the House wishes to
establish another one, that a Delegate shall not
be elected until after the organization of the
Territory, it will be satisfactory to me. It was
done in the case of Minnesota. The State of
Minnesota was carved out of the Territory of
Minnesota, and two members admitted upon
this floor, although chosen without any law
authorizing the election, and before the State
was organized; and then a man who was
chosen in the same way for Delegate for the
balance of the Territory was admitted upon
the floor of this House. Thus two men as
members of Congress representing the State of
Minnesota, and another man as Delegate for
the balance of the Territory, were admitted to
the floor of this House. When the gentleman
has made that examination, he will admit that
what he stated just now is not correct; that is,
that there was no precedent of this kind. It
is precisely like all the red of the cases to
which I have referred, it is not regular. If the
House desires to put a stop to this irregularity
it will find no opposition on my part.
Mr. MAYNARD. My recollection is not
entirely distinct; but I have a pretty decided
recollection that the Minnesota members, to
whom the gentleman refers, were elected uijder
the authority of the convention that framed
the State constitution. Minnesota was organ-
ized as a Territory, and the people there desir-
ing to be admitted as a State called a con-
vention, which framed a constitution, which
was submitted to Congress for approval.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman is desirous
to find any parallel, I will ask him to explain
under what authority Governor Reeder and
Mr. Whitfield were admitted to represent the
Territory of Kansas, and under what authority
the gentleman who represented Kansas in the
first Congress after the State was admitted was
elected. I do not make any opposition to any
disposition the House desires to make of these
credentials.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
move that these credentials,be referred to the
Committee of Elections, so that they can ex-
amine them, and report what the precedents
are. And upon that motion I call for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the motion to
refer was agreed to; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
chinese kevknbjs commission, etc.
The SPEAKER, by unanimousconsent, laid
before the House the following message of the
President of the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
In conformity with the requirements of the sixth
section of the act of the 22d of June. 1860, to carry
into effect provisions ot the treaty with China aud
certain other Oriental nations, 1 transmit to Congress
n, copy of eight rules agreed upon between the
Chinese Imperial (government and the minister of
the United States and thoso of other foreign Powers
accredited to that Government for conducting the
proceedings of tho joint tribunal in cases of confis-
cation and fines lor breaches ot the revenue laws of
that empire. These rules, which are accompanied
by correspondence between our minister and Secre-
tary ol State oil the subject, are eommended to the
consideration of Congress with a view to thoir
approval.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
wasiiis&ton, D. C., January 8,1860.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that the message
and accompanying papers be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
employes of statu department.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States:
To the House of llepresentaiives :
I transmit herewith, in answer to a resolution of
the House of Representatives of the 16th oi Decem-
ber last, a report from tho Secretary of State ot' the
6th instant.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
wisnmston, January 7,1869.
The SPEAKER. The report of the Secre-
tary of State is m relation to the reduction
which can be made in the force of employes
of that Department compatible with the public
interest. If no other motion is made -these
papers will be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
No objection was made.
united states mint, nevada.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a communication from the Direc-
tor of the Mint, asking additional appropria-
tions for procuring aud erecting machinery
required at the branch mint at Carson City,
Nevada, and also for salaries of plerfes, &o. ;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
