88
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
Ho. of Reps.
Finance—Mr. Ingersoll.
40tii Cong....3d Sess.
gentleman who regrets the action taken by
Congress at that time? We put a stop to the
contraction of the currency. In other words,
we said, "Dr. Sangrado, you have bled us
enough, and too much, already. Put up your
lancet. We need to have the warm blood cours-
ing through our veins, energizing all our pow-
ers." We said "Let the greenbacks and the
national bank currency circulate throughout
the country, so that the people may not be com-
pelled to pay ten, fifteen, or twenty per cent,
interest per annum for the use of money to
carry on legitimate business."
What we need is aq abundance of currency
well secured. There is no parallel, Mr.
Speaker, between the money of the present
day and the money of the past. Gentlemen
talk about "redundant currency." It is re-
dundant nonsense to talk about a redundancy
of the currency when interest for the use of
money is from ten to twenty per cent, per
annum anywhere outside of New York city.
I admit that it is possible to have a redundancy
of such currency as we used to have in the
days of the old banking system, a currency
based upon individual capital, individual or
corporate good faith, a currency only theoret-
ically secured to the extent of thirty-three cents
on the dollar by coin, said to,be in the vaults
of the banks. Such a currency was always
redundant, because it wa3 not based on any
reliable security. How many of the old banks
were ever in condition to pay even thirty-three
cents in coin on the whole of their circulation?
But few. I do not believe one bank in ten in
the olden time, under the specie-paying rigime,
had thirty-three cents in actual gold and silver
coin in its vaults for the paper that it had
issued.
Mr. Speaker, the money we had in former
times was a paper currency, as I bave already
said, issued upon individual credit, individual
faith, and corporate securities. It was not a
aood currency, and a very slight panic would so
disturb public confidence in regard to the whole
system that a universal panic was the usual
result, followed by an immediate suspension
of specie payments and a whole train of de-
plorable evils as the consequence. We have
no such currency now. We have legal-tender
notes, as 1 have said, indorsed by all the peo-
ple of the country, and for the ultimate pay-
ment of which all the wealth and all the re-
sources of the country and of the people are
pledged. The other currency is known as a
national bank currency, and is as well secured
to the bill-holders as the legal-tender notes
themselves. In the olden time when a bank
broke the holders of its bills generally consid-
ered them worthless. If the bills were not
entirely worthless those interested asowners in
the bank suspending payment would buy up its
bills through a secret agent at five, ten, or
twenty cents on the dollar, and thereby fleece
the people in accordance with the original de-
sign. But how is it now? Let a national
bank go into liquidation and the notes of that
bank will command a premium, and the hold-
ers of its notes can get five per cent, premium
for them. That is a good kind of currency.
Let the bank break by speculation, let its stock-
holders become bankrupt-, if you please, yet
the bill holder is in no danger of loss, for the
bill is secured by a pledge of the bonds of the
United States. The notes of a national bank
are really better money after it has broken than
before. For before a bank breaks its notes are
at par, but after it breaks its notes command a
premium. How is this? It is because more
circulation is needed. Yon can get authority
from the Comptroller of the Currency to organ-
ize a bank, but you cannot get him to give you
any circulation for it, because of the unwise
legislation prohibiting circulation to be issued
in excess of $300,000,000. Those who wish to
organize a national bank can, however, buy up
the notes of a bank winch is in liquidation, but
in order to do that they have to pay a premium
on them of, I believe, about five per cent., and
sometimes more. Whoever bids the most for
the circulation of that bank will get'it, and
then the Comptroller of the Currency will
transfer its circulation to the new organization.
But in all this the bill-holders are secure. When
we have a national bank note we do not stop
to inquire whether the bank is still in existence
or not; it does not matter. In the olden times
every man who handled ten dollars a day of the
old bank money had to carry a detector in his
pocket in order to ascertain at what rate of
discount the money went in New York or any-
where else outside of the immediate locality of
the bank. These were good times for the de-
tector publishers, but hard times for the people.
The gentleman from Maine undertook to
draw a parallel between the monetary system
of the country to-day and ten years ago, when
no sort of parallel can be established. The
two systems antagonize each other, as I shall
show. Suppose the " Swampoodle Mutual Aid
Society " should issue paper promises to pay to
the amount of $1,000,000, they would not be
worth par and would not pass current as money.
They would not probably pass as money for
five cents on the dollar, and then your specie-
paying theorists and modern-alchemists would
say " there is a redundancy of currency." I
admit there might be a redundancy of such
currency, not, however, because there would
be too much of it, but because it was not issued
on any good security. But that would be no
fact or argument tending to prove that there
'was a redundancy of well-secured currency. It
would only establish the fact that there was too
much of that kind. We have seen no redun-
dancy of the currency in the last few years. We
have seen at no time in the past six years when
money was a drug in the market outside of the
single city of New York. In the grain pro-
ducing States of the West it has commanded
a high rate of interest during all that period.
Mr. BOYDEN. Thirty per cent, in North
Carolina.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Thirty per cent, in
North Carolina! What a protest against forcing
specie payments ! A State which has almost
infinite resources, and if money could be bor-
rowed there at six per cent, it would be devel-
oped and placed alongside of the great States
of the Union 
Mr. BOYDEN. The regular rate of interest
is from fifteen to thirty per cent.
Mr. COBURN. In Boston in the past year
$16,000,000 have been spent in erecting build-
ings.
Mr. INGERSOLL. And as an evidence of
the wonderful stimulus that money gives to
production, in the city of Boston, where money
is plenty and cheap, $10,000,000, as my friend
says, have been spent in erecting buildings in
the last year. There is evidence of prosperity
for you ; while in North Carolina, where money
is scarce and dear, all the energies of the people
are paralyzed. But what would be the condi-
tion of things if you were to put the country
on a specie basis ? Why. sir, a paralytic shock
would be felt extending from one end of it to
the other. But its severest effect would be in
the West. And why? Because you in the
East by the accumulation of money and wealth
for two centuries have monopolized the money
of the country. You have ten dollars where
the West has one. You are our creditors ; the
West is your debtor. According to the best
calculations the debtor class are to the creditor
class as nine to one, and for the sake of re-
storing a specie basis you would oppress the
nine to enrich the one, who is already rich,
acting upon the old principle of making the
rich richer and the poor poorer. Legislation
ought to oppose that tendency, because wealth
unrestrained produces that result.
Mr. Speaker, I will ask the indulgence of
the House at this point to read another quota-
tion from Alison. He says :
Whoever has studied with attention tliestructuro
or tendenciesof society, either as they are portrayed
in the annals of ancient story or exist in the com-
plicated relations of men around us, must have be-
come aware that the greatest evilswhicli in the later
stages of national progress come to a III I c t mankind
arose from the undue influence and paramount im-
portance of realized richcs. That the rich in tho
later stages of national progress are constantly get-
ting richer, and tho poor poorer, is a common obser-
vation, which has been repeated in every age*
* , * * " and many of the greaiest changes
which have occurred in the world—in particular the
fall of the Roman empire—may be distinctly traced
to the long-continued operation of this pernicious
tendency. The greatest benefactors of their species
have always been regarded as thosewho devised and
carried into execution some remedy for this great and
growing evil; but none ot them have proved lasting
in their operation, and tho irequent renewal of fresh
enactments sufficiently proves that those wnich had
preceded them had proved nugatory, it is no won-
der that it was so, for the evils complained of arose
from the unavoidable result of a stationary currency,
coexisting with a rapid increase in the numbers and
transactions of mankind: and thesowere only aggra-
vated by every addition made to the energies and
productive powers of society."
Such, I fear, is the deplorable tendency in this
country at this time. The evils so vividly por-
trayed by this great author are, I fear, becomihg
apparent in our own country; the rich are grow-
ing richer and the poor poorer. We have now
a stationary currency, while our population and
the powers of production are constantly ex-
panding. We should have a flexible currency
t.hatcan expand in the same ratio as our popula-
tion, and as our powers of production expand.
Go with me, Mr. Speaker, into the great city
of New York; let us place ourselves at the
upper end of Fifth Avenue, at the point where
it enters into Central Park, on some beautiful
afternoon of Wednesday, and we will observe
the magnificent equipages of the rich pass into
the park. How they dazzle and glitter! Notice
the harnesses covered withhold ; notice the liv-
eried lackeys before and behind, with footman
and out-rid^r; -we count them by hundreds and
by thousands. Hour after hour these ostenta-
tious pageants of wealth and gorgeous display
will jpass us; then you will agree with me that
the rich are growing richer. Then go with me
into another quarter of the city where the un-
cared-for poor stay, and wear out their wretched
lives without ambition and without hope, and
you will agree with me again that the poor are
getting poorer. It should be our first duty and
our highest pleasure to so legislate that the con-
dition of the poor will be improved. We need
not legislate for the rich; the rich are able to
take good care of themselves, legislate as we
may.
As a people we are in a passably good con-
dition now, but not so good that it cannot be
improved; and if the alchemists of modern
times with their wild and impracticable theo-
ries can be kept in the background we shall
continue to make progress. Let us have no
more contraction, no attempts at resumption
of specie payments. Let us rather have more
money, and we shall go forward in that career
of prosperity which has marked our course in
the past few years.
Gentlemen insist upon holdingup the "scare-
crow" of a redundant currency, and these gen-
tlemen appear to me to be ignorant of the
facts in our own financial history. Let us see
what the facts are.
During the late war, in the years 1863-64
and a portion of the year 1805, while eleven
of the States, containing at least ten millions
of population, were in rebellion, our currency
in circulation reached the enormous sum of at
least one thousand million dollars, and some
place it as high as $1,200,000,000; and but a
very trifling amount of tliis currency found its
way into the confederacy; nearly every dollar
of it was in circulation in the northern States,
which contained a population probably not
exceeding twenty-five millions. Yetthistwenty-
five million people during that period actively
and profitably employed this vast sum of cur-
rency, and were not only able to carry the Gov-
ernment through the great conflict, but were
able, in addition to that, to make the most
