1264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Colonel Gill, and many others. The letter of
Judge Newman gives the House a good idea
of the character of the recommendations he
presents. Judge Newman's letter is as follows:
Louisville, Kentucky, January 15,1869.
While I was judge of the fifth judicial district of
Kentucky I was in frequent association with Mr.
James W. Schooling, who has been recently elected
to the officoof Commonwealth attorney for that dis-
trict, and I take pleasure in stating that Mr. School-
ing alter his return from the rebel army, was always
kind and courteous in his intercourse and conduct
with Union men, and evinced a ready and cordial sub-
mission to the authority and laws of the Federal Gov-
ernment, as tar as I ever knew or heard in all my
associations in that district.
It seems to me that the best policy of the Govern-
ment and the interests of the friends of the Federal
Government in this State would be promoted by re-
lieving such gentlemen as Mr. Schooling from the
restrictions or penalties of the fourteenth amend-
ment; and I, as one of the original and constant
friends and adherents of tho Federal cause, unite
with others in respectfully asking Congress to relieve
Mr. Schooling from the penalties of tho amended
Constitution, and restoring him to all the rights of a
citizen,thereby enabling him to hold his present office,
the duties of which I am sure he will discharge with
impartiality.and to the honor and advantage of our
Government and its friends.
I have the honor to be your obedient servant.
JOHN E. NEWMAN,
At tho suggestion of Judge Newman, who has ever
been true to his Government, I also recommend that
James W. Schooling be relieved from the disabilities
under which ho is placed by tho fourteenth constitu-
tional amendment. ^ q IIODGFS
Publisher and Principal Proprietor
of the Frankfort Commonwealth.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PAINE. If the House, by unanimous
consent, will allow ten minnt.es further time to
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] and
ten minutes to his colleague, [Mr. McKkk.]
without taking it out of my hour, I shall be
very glad.
Mr. SHANKS. I wish to ask the unanimous
consent of the House that tlie members from
the several districts from which the men whoso
names are embraced in this bill conic shall
have the privilege of speaking to the House
touching the character of the applicants from
their districts.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I hope there will
be no objection to that.
The SPEAKER. The first pioposition is
that the two gentlemen from Kentucky be
itllowcd ten minutes each, not to conic out of
the hour of the gentleman from Wisconsin. Is
there objection ? The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. SHANKS. I now ask unanimous con-
sent that fifteen minutes be allowed to each
member representing a district from which any
person whose name appears in this bill comes.
The SPEAKFR. That would occupy some
considerable time.
Mr. PILE. I object.
Mr. SHANKS. No one ought to object to
that. 1 ask unanimous consent that those gen-
tlemen who wish to speak in regard to men
from their own districts may be heard.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. SHANKS. Let me ask, then, ten min-
utes for each reconstructed State.
Mr. ROSS. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. Tho gentleman from Il-
linois [Mr. Boss] objects.
Mr. SHANKS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that objection.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I hope that will
be done.
Mr. ROSfi. Let them have leave to print.
Mr. SHANKS. 1 do not want any district
run over in this way. I shall move at the
proper time to lay the bill on the table. I am
not willing to stand here and see these men run
over in this way.
Mr. PAINE. I yield the floor for ten min-
utes to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Buck.]
Mr. BECK. I was going on to say, in re-
gard to Mr. Schooling's case, that- in addition
to the recommendations that he has from the
men to whom I have referred, his claim for
relief from disability is supported by a general
petition, signed by all the leading lawyers and '
other citizens of eight or nine counties in
which he practices law, without regard to party.
Leading Republicans as well as Democrats
have signed it. Men have signed this petition
in the counties of Mercer and Anderson, in
which I practice my profession occasionally,
who I know would not sign for any human
being if they were not assured that he would
render full justice to all classes of men, black
or white. The names of men whom I did not
suppose would ever sign a petition for any
Democrat for anything are attached to this pe-
tition. They are too numerous for me to attempt
to read. The paper will be on file, and mem-
bers of the House can examine it for them-
selves. It ia of a character that this House
cannot disregard if it is to be influenced at all
by the wishes of the men to whom the appli-
cant is best known. Such an indorsement is
the proudest testimonial to his worth, and this
House cannot consistently disregard it.
I have thus fairly presented to the House
the ground upon which all these gentlemen
base their indorsements; that, as they cannot
avoid having Democrats in office, and as a
refusal to relieve these gentlemen would be a
personal matter, punishing only these individ-
ual men—for you do not propose to reach the
State or prevent other men from taking their
places exactly of their politics or perhaps more
obnoxious—they, knowing the personal charac-
ter of these men, urge and insist that Congress
shall relieve them.
Mr. L AWREN CE, of Ohio. I would inquire
of the gentleman from Kentucky whether these
men have not been candidates for office and
elected to office in violation of the fourteenth
article of the amendments of the Constitution,
thereby setting at defiance the authority of the
Government,; and whether such men ought to
receive the pardon of this House when they
thus defy the authority of the Constitution?
Mr. BECK. I will reply to that very briefly,
for I have not much time left. Colonel Smith
was,fully pardoned in December, 18GC, and
elected in August., 18G7, more than a year bo-
fore the constitutional amendment was passed.
The other gentlemen were elected to office in
August last. They ki ew at that time that the
Congress bad the power to relieve them from
their political disabilities. They were voted for,
as the testimony shows, by a large number of
Republicans, who would sign petitions for the
removal of their disabilities ; and they will of
course have to resign their offices if Congress
shall refuse to remove their disabilities. They
come here avowing their willingness to stand
by your laws and to surrender their offices in
obedience to any law that may be passed if
Congress shul I deem if besl,%ot, to remove their
disabilities. They rail for office believing that
then- political disabilities would be removed
by Congress.
And is it not remarkable, does it not stand
out before this Congress and the country, that
although their petitions lay here from the 8th
or 10th of December until the 5th of Febru-
ary, no man in this country ever raised his
voice against any one of them? On the con-
trary, they were indorsed by the men whose
names I have read. The first protest was
made by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
McKee] after the committee unanimously re-
ported in their favor, although he was fully
aware that the petitions of these men were
lying here for more than a month, and that if
any objection was to be had from Kentucky he
could get it from some quarter. Yet he alone
of all the men of Kentucky, and in dcfiance
of the known wishes of these men and against
their expressions of urgent request, now asks
that this House shall refuse to do this thing.
He knew "that all recommendations and all
remonstrances for or against, any application
were by the rule of the committee required to
be in writing and filed, so that all the evidence
on both sides could be laid before the House.
Yet none was ever filed except his own pro-
test, which is not sustained by the facts and
is overthrown by all his own political friends.
I merely desire, in conclusion, to say to this
House, and I do not say it because I expect to
control its action in any way, that very few
Democrats were put in this bill; that none were
put in who were objected to at the time. And
those few were put in because very many mem-
bers on my own side of the House believed it
was a mere party move to relieve men who had
turned over and joined the Republican party,
and that, as was stated yesterday, such a course
on their j-art was a sine qua noil for their
relief. I sa:d then that such was not the case;
that the committee had dealt fairly as far as
they had gone.
But I say this : that if these few Democrats
shall be stricken out of this bill, after they have
been unanimously reported upon by the com-
mittee, and no protest made against them until
after that favorable action, and then merely a
general protest, except as relates to Colonel
Smith, and as to him the specific charges are
conclusively disproved—if, I say, this House
upon that ground shall strike these names from
the bill and refuse to relieve them from dis-
abilities, then, of course, the side of the House
to which I belong will understand beyond all
peradventure that no man is to be relieved
unless he is strictly a partisan, in the partisan <
sense of that word, and of course they will act
and vote accordingly.
It was to let this side of the House as well
as the other side understand that while we ex-
pected that a large majority, especially from
the unreconstructed States, would belong to
the party that is dominant here, still in a State
like Kentucky, especially where the Republi-
can party could gain nothing by refusing to
remove these disabilities, because other Demo-
crats would be put in their places, that there
would be Democrats to be relieved, and that
the Democrats in this House would expect it
to be done unless good cause could be shown
why it should not be before they would vote
for any bill. The gentlemen from Kentucky
whose names are in this bill have had the
manliness to come out and pledge themselves
to a faithful and honest support of tho Consti-
tution and laws, and upon that pledge, fully
indorsed, as it is, they ask to be restored to
their full and equal rights as citizens. Standing
thus they should be favorably considered by
Congress, and 1 hope and believe they will be.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHANKS. I ask unanimous consent
that the members from the several States lately
in rebellion be allowed to* speak upon this
question for ten minutes for each State. I
think that is but fair, and I hope there will be
no objection to it.
Mr. BROOKS. Does that include the State
of New York V
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. BROOKS. Then I object.
Mr. McKEE. Mr. Speaker, one word at
the outset in reply to the statement of my col-
league, [Mr. JJkck,] that these cases from the
State of Kentucky were presented to and
passed upon by the united vote of the commit-
tee, and until after that action had been taken
no word of protest had ever come to the com-
mittee against any one of them. Now, sir, as
early as the the 20th of January last., I went
in person before the Reconstruction Commit-
tee and saw its chairman, and inquired whether
any cases from the State of Kentucky had
been referred to that committee; and having
ascertained that there were such cases, I ex-
pressed my desire to look into them, which I
did. Finding the names of these gentlemen,
I went to my room and drew up a protest in
writing, covering three or four pages of legal
cap paper, and filed it with the chairman of
the Reconstruction Commil tee. In that paper,
which remains with the committee to-day, I
protested in the name of the Republican party
of Kentucky against the removal of the dis-
abilities of any of these people until they had
learned to submit to the law. In addition to
that I made the request to the chairman of the
committee that if any case from Kentucky
should be called up before the committee I
should have an opportunity to be heard before
the committee on the subject, and he assured
me that such an opportunity would be accorded
