1869.]
40txi Oo>,g....3d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Finance-—Mr. Ingersoll.
Ho. of Reps.
wonderful and unexampled progress in mate-
rial and physical prosperity that the country
ever witnessed.
Gentlemen will look in vain for any evidence
of a redundant currency during those years.
The rise or decline of the premium on gold was
not a correct' indication of the monetary con-
dition of the country. Before contraction was
inaugurated by the Secretary of the Treasury,
and after the close of the war, gold suddenly
fell from 185 to 125. The Secretary of the
Treasury thought the time had now come for
a speedy resumption of specie payments, so
be commenced to rapidly contract the cur-
rency, and immediately the premium on gold
went up, and continued to advtece until Con,-
gress put a stop to further contraction. If
there was no redundancy during the war there
is certainly an insufficient supply at the present
time. We have at this time probably not ex-
ceeding $500,000,000 in circulation; hence the
universal stringency and the high rate of inter-
est on money outside the city of New York.
At this time we have probably thirty-nine mil-
lions of population in the United States, and
several hundred million dollars less in cur-
rency than we had when there were but twenty-
five millions of people to employ it. The ten
millions of people in the late rebel States have
got to be supplied with currency; they'have
no currency except the legal-tender notes of
the United States and the currency of the few
national banks which they have organized since
the war, and we have got to share our own in-
sufficientsupplywith them. And notwithstand-
ing all these facts gentlemen still persist in
talking about a redundancy of currency. I
challenge them to show at what time there has
been a redundancy of currency in the country
since 1801.
Who are the men that assert that there is a
redundancy of currency ? They are the Shy-
locks, the money-loaners, whose interest it is
to make the supply of money scarce so that
their rate of interest may be high. They are
the holders of our gold interest-bearing bonds;
it is to their interest to reduce the volume of
currency and inaugurate hard times, so that the
purchasing power of their gold may be aug-
mented ; so that they can buy two barrels of
flour with the money which they now pay for
one; so that they shall be enabled to pay two
laborers for a day's work where they now can
employ but one. All the advantages of a strin-
gent money market are on their side, and allthe
disadvantages on the side of the laboring and
producing massesof thepeople. The men who
prate about the redundancy of the currency are
not the friends of the laboring people ; they
are really advocating their own interests under
the pretense of a desire to advance the public
welfare. But let it never be forgotten by the
people that a scarcity of money depresses trade
and commerce, and in fact every industry of
the nation. It makes men idle and dishonest
and makes us as a people more dependent on
foreign nations.
Mr. Speaker, I remember when the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] made his
speech in support of a measure for the resump-
tion of specie payments he attempted to draw
a parallel between this country as we behold
it to-day and as it was in the days of the Revolu-
tion, with the view of showing that we have an
irredeemable and inconvertible paper currency
which we ought speedily to get rid of. Now,
let me inquire if any fair-minded man with a
clear head can draw any correct parallel or
inference from the credit of the United States
as it was in 1780 and in 1869? It is well
known that after the revolutionary struggle we
were without resources. We exported no cot-
ton; we exported no wheat or corn; we had
no commerce worthy of the name; we had
opened no mines of gold or of silver, and but
few of coal or iron. The resources of this
Government were unknown,, and the experi-
ment of free government or the establishment
of   republic here was regarded as an untried
problem. Is it, then, to be wondered at that
continental money under the then existing cir-
cumstances became worthless V Bat what is
the condition of our country to-day ? The gen-
tleman should have drawn a contrast, not a
parallel.
We have now a population of thirty-nine mil-
lions, we had then less than three millions; now
we have thirty-seven States, then we had but
thirteen. Our gold mines have yielded about
twelve hundred million dollars in treasure;
then they were unknown. We now have forty
thousand miles of railroad in operation; then
we had none. Now we have'an external com-
merce employing over sixteen thousand sailing
vessels and nearly two thousand steam vessels,
and amounting in the aggregate to nearly three
million tons capacity; then it was next to noth-
ing. Now we have an internal commerce em-
ploying about two thousand sailing vessels and
eighteen hundred steam vessels, and amounting
in the aggregate to nearly two million tons ca-
pacity ; then it was so trifling as to be unworthy
of mention. Now the aggregate wealth of the
nation probably amounts to thirty thousand
million dollars; then it did not probably amount
to one thirtieth of that sum. Now we may
calculate with certainty on the durability and
stability of our Government and its continued
growth and increase of wealth and power ; then
scarcely any calculation could be made con-
cerning the future whatever, as there was no
data to base a calculation upon. It may be
safely estimated that in the beginning of the
nextcenturythepopulation ofthe UnitedStates
will be one hundred millions, and the aggregate
wealth of the nation not less than $80,000,-
000,000; and it is estimated that at this time
the gross earnings of our people amount to
$7,500,000,000 annually.
But we are not so strong that we can sustain
the paralytic shock which would be the result
of a forced resumption of specie payments
without suffering the most appalling disasters.
I do not object to gold and silver entering into
the circulation of the country. I should be
glad if it w'ould ; but I do not want it to become
the only lawful tender in payment of debts.
Let legal-tender notes remain in circulation,
too, and then gold cannot become our master.
I am inclined to agree with the man in Maine
who said, 111 want no gold ; a gold dollar does
not measure the value of what I have to sell;
it is the greenback dollar; the gold dollar is
rising and falling in the market every day, and
nobody can keep track of it, while the green-
back dollar is a dollar all the time."
And so it is a d'ollar all the time. So far as
concerns the interchange of commodities and
as S. medium to facilitate exchanges between
ourselves it is a dollar all the time. And we
measure values by it. Nobody sells a bushel
of corn or wheat, or worksby the day or month,
except on the standard of the greenback dol-
lar and not on the gold dollar. The only stand-
ard of value which gold has is its own value,
put upon it by speculators in gold in Wall
street. Had we no speculators or operators
in gold the premium upon it would be but
trifling.
Sir, I warn gentlemen not to rush this coun-
try back to specie payments. \V ait until our
great national debt has been paid. And I ad-
monish the people of this country not to allow
this debt to remain unpaid and make no effort
to pay it off, and after awhile permit it to as-
sume the form of the English consols, which
probably never will be paid. If you do, you
may expect a lordly aristocracy to govern you.
I have already said that in 1815, at the close
of the great European war, England found her-
self in debt to the amount of £848,000,000
sterling, or $4,240,000,000. Since that tiihe
more than fifty years have elapsed, and England
has paid off but $240,000,000 of her debt. She
is still in debt to the extent of $4,000,000,000.
And notwithstanding her debt bears a low rate
of interest, three per cent., it is sufficient to
maintain an aristocracy which is inimical to
the interests of the laboring masses of that
country. And so it will be in this country un-
less we go to work and apply our surplus rev-
enue to the payment of our debt. All the slaves
in the country before the war were not valued
above $2,000,000,000, yet that amount of cap-
ital in the hands of a favored class created a
powerful aristocracy which the war fortunately
destroyed. Let us then pay off our Govern-
ment debt as rapidly as we well can, so that
the rich who hold it may not become a power-
ful aristocracy. In order to be able to pay
our debt we must keep money plentiful, so
that the entire energies of the people may be
kept in full play for the development of our
resources and the production of wealth, and
thus we will be enabled to raise a surplus
amount of revenue each year, with,which we
should pay off our debt. Our people do not
object to paying taxes provided that you will
keep them profitably employed, so that they
may be able to make money with which to pay
taxes. But if you withdraw the legal-tender
money and put the people in the power of the
skinflints they will not have any surplus with
which to pay their taxes or any portion of thfe
national debt. Then will come hard times, dis-
content, mutterings, arid complaints, which
will grow and gather force until they become
a storm which will shake this Government to
its foundations. And you, as Eepresentatives
of the people, have it in your power,to main-
tain a condition of peaceful prosperity or raise
that storm.
I now desire to call the attention of members
to two bills which I introduced at the opening
of the present session, and which have for their
object the improvement of the national bank-
ing system and the appreciation of the pur-
chasing power of the greenback currency.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Maine
states that in this country we have but about
thirteen dollars of circulation per capita, while
in France the circulation is between eighteen
and nineteen dollars per capita, and in Eng-
land it is between fifteen and sixteen dollars
per capita. In my judgment, according to
the best data which I have been able to collect,
the gentleman is below the mark in his esti-
mate of the amount of circulation per capita
in either of those countries. I believe that
France has a circulating medium of thirty dol-
lars per capita, while Great Britain has twenty-
five dollars per capita. And I insist that if
twenty-five dollars per capita can be profit-
ably employed in France and England at least
twenty-five dollars per capita can be profitably
employed in this country. Those countries
are old; all their resources have been devel-
oped, while this is still a new country, with our
resources yet undeveloped to a great extent.
We need money to open and improve farms,
to build towns and cities, to improve our in-
land navigable waters, to open and work
mines, to settle new territories, and to build
railroads. In my judgment we need in this
country more money per capita than either
France or England does, and we can actually
and profitably employ more than they.
Now, Mr. Speaker, without further digres-
sion I desire to call the attention of the1 House
to one of the bills before mentioned. I will
first take up the bill entitled "A bill to pro-
hibit the sale of coin on behalf o£ the United
States, and to provide for the redemption of the
United States legal-tendernotesin coin at par.''
The object of this bill is not the resumption
of specie payments or to withdraw the legal-
tender currency of the country from eireulat ion.
Its purpose is to appreciate the purchasing
power ofthe greenback currency to a par with
gold. The first step, as 1 conceive, to be taken
in order to accomplish this result is to prohibit
the sale of any-more gold or silver coin on be-
half of the United States. The first section
of the bill prohibits the selling of any gold or
