1266
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
February 16,
pass this bill: It is said that heretofore a man
has been relieved from disability "who did not
deserve it and who insolently declared that he
never asked it. I cannot help that. I will, 'or
the sake of the argument, admit that it is true.
But I say there are in this bill few or none who
are not entitled to relief, and that it will be an
outrage if these two hundred and thirty-four
men shall te stricken down becatise heretofore
we have relieved some who are unworthy.
My-friend from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] says he
will not vote for the relief of any man who does
not present a written petition ; and when I tell
him that these men have presented their peti-
tions and that'I hold them in my hand, he still
opposes this hill. Mr. Speaker, I am unwilling
to encounter a question of this kinditi any par-
tisan spirit; . I dispose of this matter not as a
partisan, but as a member of the Reconstruc-
tion Committee, bound to do my duty in en-
deavoring to restore the South to its proper
relationsto the Government. And in endeav-
oring to discharge that duty I have voted to
include-thesegentlemen from Kentucky named
in this bill.
• We have a motion on the .part of the com-
mittee to strike out two names that should be
stricken out. We have a motion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr.. Butler] to
strike out-one name. My friend from Ken-
tucky-[Mr. McKeb] has made a motion to
strike out the five names from that State; and
there is,an amendment of my own to add one
name. I think that this bill should be passed
without striking out any names excepting those
which the committee recommend to be stricken
out, and those are to be struck out not because
■we have decided adversely, but because we
prefer to reconsider the eases for another bill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in the hope that the
House will disabuse themselves of the false
-impression that this is a slipshod hill that has
beenimperfectlyexamined and prepared, in the
hope that tlioy will not strike down from use-
fulness in the southern States this great num-
ber of men whom I know to be entitled to this
relief, in the hope that-they will not be fright-
ened by these bugbears that have been raised
about-names that are not in this bill, andabout
circumstances that have transpired before this
bill was brought in here, and which do not in
any way affect any man whose name is in this
bill, I yield thelloorto those whomayfollowmc,
asking that the House will pass this bill with
the amendments of the committee, and reject
the amendments of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Btitijeu] and the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. McKek.] I yield now so
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Ferris]
for live minutes.
Mr. PEHRIS. Mr. Speaker, I am very much
obliged to the gentleman from Wisconsin for
the very brief time which he has allowed me
to discuss what 1 regard as one of the most
important questions that has come before this
Congress. 1 shall have but little more time than
enough to indicate the principle upon which 1
oppose this bill. 1 oppose it not because there
is a name hero and there in it that ought to be
stricken out, but I oppose it upon the princi-
ple that we are legislating and have been legis-
lating for the last three years in the wrong
direction. This subject of reconstruction is an
important question. But instead of bringing
back upon the floor of this House and into the
offices of this nation—for that is the purpose
of removing the disabilities of these men—these
rebels, we should seek to bring these States
back with men in office who havo always been
true to the flag of their country. That, in my
estimation, would be the proper course.
Now, what have we here 1 Notwithstanding
the fact that some hundreds of men have al-
ready been relieved of their disabilities, we are
called upon now to do the dirty work of white-
washing another brood, the offspring of treason,
two hundred and thirty-foar names, and one
hundred and seventy-six of them are from two
States that are not represented upon this floor.
The impropriety of this wholesale legislation
has been sufficiently demonstrated by the ob-
jections which have been made to taen here
by Representatives upon this floor who know
the men named. Who can tell whether these
one hundred and seven men named from Mis-
sissippi are individuals whose disabilities should
be removed? Nobody is here to answer for it;
nobody here can tell us who the men are. They
come creeping about this Capitol as humble as
men can be. Some of them were upon- this
floor years ago, and are seeking to get here
again. Who knows anything about these men ?
Nobody but the committee, who say they are
properly vouched for. So are all the men
whose names have been objected to hero prop-
erly vouched for. I do not impugn the motives
of the Committee on Reconstruction. They
are gentlemen with whom I am very happy to
act upon almost all questions relating to recon-
struction, but upon this question of removing
disabilities I am entirely opposed to them.
Sir, great'bbjection was made to the adoption
of this amendment to the Constitution because
it embraced in it a provision for the removal
of the disabilities of these men. An honest
old farmer in my district, who objected to it,
said to me "If you will not remove the dis-
abilities of any more rebels than you hang I
shall be content." But we have hung none
and are removing the disabilities of hundreds.
Now, what is the object? Gentlemen tell us
they cannot hold office. Why, they forget that
there is Tiot a maA in the rebel States under
twenty-nine years of age and not one in a
thousand under thirty-five years of age who is
disabled from holding office. It is idle to talk
ahout there being any necessity for this kind
of legislation. What a spectacle do we present
here! Where is the justice of this proceed-
ing, this work of construction? The loyal
people of the country rallied around the temple
of freedom and preserved it intact. But what
have we done? We have torn away from the
statue of Liberty the scales of justice—an em-
blem to which we have ever pointed with pride—
and are now trampling its broken fragments
under our feet. All this in the name of Mercy.
Justice is set aside, and we are worshiping at
an altar which a false philanthropy and a sickly
sentimentalism have erected in our midst and
christened "universal amnesty and impartial
suft'rage." We are legislating in the wrong
direction.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PAIN1S. I now yield three minutts to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bobt-
wetx.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. I only wish to say to
the House that I am satisfied the sub-eommit-
tee devoted as much time and used as mnch
scrutiny in the examination of the claims of
the persons named in this bill as c^n ever be
used by any committee upon this' subject-mat
ter. Whether there are or are not some names
in this bill which ought not to havo been in-
serted there I cannot say ; but I am persuaded
that the gentleman constituting the sub-com-
mittee devoted all the time to the business that
this House can ever expect of or gel from any
committee.
I wish also to make a general remark in
reference to the removal of disabilities. While,
on the one hand, there should be the greatest
care and scrutiny so that none shall be relieved
who do not deserve it, yet if Congress at any
time shall come to the conclusion that this
power granted by the fourteenth constitutional
amendment is not to be exercised the work
of reconstruction at the South will be substan-
tially at an end. It is the great means, exer-
cised with care, by which Congress can secure
gradually the pacification and reconstruction
of the southern States. And while in the be-
ginning we were not- as careful as we should
have been, and many persons were relieved
from political disabilities who ought not to have
been relieved, I have this to say : that we are
better off as a country, and every State in the
South is farther advanced in the work of recon-
struction than would have been the case if all
these persons had not been relieved; that
is to say, the good outweighs tenfold the eyil
resulting from relieving from disabilities, even
relieved as they were, without the care that
should have been exercised by the committee;
and I believe if any bill of the kind should pass,
this bill should receive the sanction of the House.
Mr. PAINE. I now yield two minutes to the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Norms,] a
member of the Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. SYPHER. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to.speak for five minutes upon this
bill, not to come out of the time of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
No objection was made; and leave Was
accordingly granted.
Mr. SYPHER: The bill now before the
House for the removal of political disabilities
from some two hundred and thirty-odd persons,
citizens of the South', I have no doubt com-
prises many very meritorious oases. But until
a rule is established by legislation for the exe-
cution of the. fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States I' cannot see
how this House can consistently remove the
disabilities of a single , man in the southern
States. They are represented here by petitions
to individual members; perhaps they are prop-
erly addressed to the Senate and the House of
Representatives, and signed by some irrespons-
ible parties of whom we know nothing. I
assure you, Mr. Speaker and gentlemen of this
House, that it is a very easy matter to get
indorsers in any part of the South upon a paper
for the removal of political disabilities. There
are many meritorious men there whose polit-
ical disabilities should be removed, and it is
for the reason that justice may be done them,
and may be done the committee that has made
this report, so that we may not be imposed
upon, that the meritorious eases may be selected
from those like some we have heard about from
gentlemen on this floor, that I speak now upoh
this question, and urge that the evidence in
favor of the removal of disabilities from any
southern rebel ought to be at least equal to that
required of the wounded soldier who comes
here and asks for a pension. I do not believe
this House ought for a moment to entertain the
petition of any rebel who comes here for relief
of his political disabilities unless he furnishes
undoubted evidence of loyalty.
In our section of the country an oath amounts
to nothing, so far as political disabilities are
concerned; and until some rule is prescribed
in accordance with the constitutional amend-
ment under which men may come here and
make their applications as suppliants for the
removal of their political disabilities,* the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution will be
a nullity. At present reconstruction is not
worth a farthing to us, because it is entirely
based upon that amendment.
The gentlemaii from Massachusetts [Mr.
Boutwem,] has said that unless we remove
political disabilities as contemplated by that
fourteenth amendment, there will be an end
of reconstruction. I agree with him ; buttheu,
while we are ready to remove the political dis-
abilities of meritorious men in the South, we
desire that there shall be prescribed a rule
under which such men may come here and have
their political disabilities removed without
going through a pardon-brokerage and through
political channels which honest men do not
lsnow anything about.
A bill has already been introduced by tho
honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Siiella-
barger] proposing to prescribe such a rule as
is required ; and a petition in favor of the pas-
sage of that bill, or some similar measure, has
been signed by myself and all my colleagues
on this floor. When we shall have adopted
such a rule we shall have shut the door to the
discussion on this floor of the merits of indi-
vidual eases such as those that have been
argued by the gentleman from Kentucky. We
are not competent to sift properly on the floor
of this House individual cases. We need a
general rule under which deserving men may
come here and have their disabilities removed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PA.INE. I yield for a few mmutes to
