1869.
THE eONGKESSIGNAL GLOBE.
The local bounties referred to, could they-
ever be ascertained, would somewhat reduce
this estimate, but the Aggregate amount may
safely be set down as not falling very much
below one hundred and; fifty millions of acres.!
This immense area, enough for an empire,
being equal in extent to the thirteen original
colonies, save North Carolina and Pennsyl-
vania, double the area of'Great Britain and
Ireland, and nearly nineteen millions of acres
larger than the French empire, and consisting,
of course, of picked arable land, is to be with-
held from cultivation and productive wealth,
in order that the soldier, who needs his bounty
now iu money, may at some future time get it
m the jn-ice of his land, which is kept idle at
the nation's expense, and to the cruel wrong
of multitudes who long for homes. We con-
vert him into a land-jobber, and conspire with
him against the productive industry of the
country. We set aside the homestead law as
to more tlian one fourth of the tillable portion
of the public domain by excluding from it the
poor who would coin their labor into national
wealth, extend the borders of our civilization,
and realize the blessings of independence. It
is said, I know, that we are not able to pay the
soldier his bounty in money, and that we have
nothing else but land with which to satisfy
hiin. Ibis I deny. The nation is able to do
justice to its heroic defenders, and cannot hon-
orably plead poverty as an exctfse. But if that
plea is to be accepted, then I reply that we are
still less able to dedicate to solitude from one
hundred to one hundred and fifty millions of
acres of land, which else might be carved up
into small homesteads, to be tilled by their
owners and made the basis of revenue and of
national wealth, Thecountry, withallitsgreat
resources, is too poor thus to cut off its sup-
plies by wholesale prostitution of its means and
its opportunities, and it could far better afford
to pay the soldier areasonablebountyiu money.
Not one acre ol land winch any poor man needs
for cultivation should be denied him in the in-
terest of those who would grasp it for mere
speculation. A member of this House from
Illinois informs me that in the western border
of that State George Peabody, years ago, pur-
chased thousands of acrcs of wild lands, which
he holds to-day. Settlers have established them-
selves around these lands, built their houses,
planted their orchards, and created wealth.
The grain and other products of their farms
which are annually shipped to market on the
railways made necessary by the settlement of
the country, go to make up the sum of our
national wealth. These settlers are every day
adding to the value of Mr. Peabody's lands,
while other settlers, who would long since have
made them productive, have been driven fur-
ther West 111 search of homes. The Govern-
ment thus entered into partnership with Pea-
body in cheating our pioneer producers out of
the homes to which they were entitled on these
lands, and in staying the industrial development
of the West for the benefit of nobody in the
woild but a single monopolist, whose home is
on the other side of the Atlantic. 1 do not
brand George Peabody as a robber, for he is
known as an honorable, patriotic, and liberal
man. The Government of the United States
licensed him I o do these things, as it has licensed
other land speculators, and has been itsell the
plunderer ot its citizens and the practical foe
ot national progress. But these evils are multi-
plied and compounded by the bill 1 am now
discussing, for instead of a few thousands of
acrcs it grasps many millions, and although
the owners are multiplied the homeless poor
of the country are equally excluded from this
immense area which the nation pledged to them
by its preemption and homestead laws.
Mr. Speaker, I have discussed this measure
on the supposition that the bounty it proposes
is to go to the soldier only, or his heirs, and
that the certificates of indebtedness are never
to be made assignable. 1 have thus given the
proposition its best possible face, and have
shown, 1 think, the utter impolicy^ if not
vicioiisuess of' the project. I :;prak ol course
of the measure itself, and not of the motives
of its friends, which i doubt not are patriotic.
But the truth is that should it become a law
the certificates of indebtedness would be made
assignable. ,0n this subject I beg leave to
quote from a recent letter of the Commissioner
of the ©eneral Land Office, in which he speaks
of this bill in the light of actual facts. He,
"I have examined the inclosed bill (H.R. No. 940)
to equalize bounties ot soldiers, sailors, and marines
who served in the late war for the Union, which I
had the honor to receive from you with the request
for a statement as to the probable effect ot't he meas-
ure in the light of the experience of this office. .
*'1 find the bill provides for the issue to soldiers,
sailors, and marines of interest-bearing certificates,'
to be used by them or their heirs in payment for
public land which they may hereafter purchasefrom
the Government; that such certificates are in no-
wise transferable, and that the interest may con-
tinue to accrue withoutlimitation until the recipient
may see lit to purchase land therewith.
"Tho act ot September 28, 1850, granting bounty
lands to sold'ers who had served in any of the wars
m which the United States had been engaged, con-
tained A provision that tho warrants thereby auttior-
ized to be issued should be located by the soldier or
his heirs, thus preventing their assignment and sale.
This provision gave such general dissatisfaction that
Congress passed the act of March 22,1852, authorising
the transfer of any warrant then issuodor to be issued.
" The tiles and records of this offico show that not
one in five hundred of the land warrants issued and
placed in the han is ot the soldiers or their heirs have
been located by them, or for their use and benefit;
and further, that although the said act of March 22,
1852, made such warrants assignable, it is safe to
assume that not to exceed ten per cent, of them have
been used by precmptors as assignees in payment for
actual settlements, the most part having been used
by persons to acquire title to the public lands for
speculative purposes.
" Should the bill under consideration become alaw,
and by future legislation be so modified as to make
the certificates assignable or avaiiablo to the soldier
or his heirs without becoming settler, on the public
lands, there is no reason that can be suggested by
this office why results like those m respect to the past
issues may not be looked for in regard to the certifi-
cates contemplated by the present measure, the effect
of which would be to transfer to non-resident pro-
prietors large bodies of the public domain."'
That, sir, is the authoritative statement of
Commissioner Wilson, whose judgment, ex-
perience, and familiarity with the whole sub-
ject no one will question. That these certifi-
cates would be made assignable there can
scarcely be a single doubt. Thegreatbody of
our soldiers need their bounty now, and not
the promise of it at some time in the uncertain
future; and if the relative handful of the sol-
diers of our Mexican war were strong enough
to carry a bill through Congress making their
warrants assignable, it is quite certain the like
thing would happen now at the bidding of the
hosts who would demand it. Indeed, 1 believe
some of the friends of the bill do not disguise
the fact tiiat ultimately these certificates are to
become assignable by law, so that the holders
of them may realize their value in money.
What, then, would be the effect of such
legislation, both as to the soldier and the pub-
lic domain? Mr. Wilson, in the letter I have
quoted, says that not one in five hundred of the
Mexican war land warrants were located by
the soldiers or for their use and benefit, and
that not to exceed ten per cent, of them have
been used by preiimptors as assignees in pay-
ment for actual settlements, the most part hav-
ing been used by persons to acquire title to the
public lands for speculative purposes. He pre-
dicts very naturally tho same mischievous
results from the present bill should it become
a law. But I ask particular attention to the
following additional facts which I copy from
the carefully-prepared report of the House
Committee on the Public Lands already re-
ferred to:
"At the close of the last fiscal year there remained
outstanding fifty-three thousand nine hundred and
twelve military bounty-land warrants, issued under
various acts of Congress, calling for the aggregate
quantity of five million six hundred and three
thousand two hundred and twenty acres, ihese
warrants are soiling at about one dollar per acre.
Under the agricultural college act ot 1862 scrip has
1 been issued to non-public land-holding States to
| the amount of live million three hundred and forty
1 acres: a,nd when theStatcsof the South shall havere-
! ceived their shares under tho act, the whole amount
j of land covered by it will be nine million six hundred
i thousand acres. This will be the subject of monop-
: oly in the hauds of speculator, the pricc ot tne
, ec no will depend, to a considerable extent, upon the
quantity of it in market and (rf the unlocated.mili-
tary bounty-land warrants. Ihe price has gencrally
ranged from sixty to seventy cents per aore,. but h -
sometimes gone much lower. As further affectum
the price of warrants aad scrip it sfiould be- romswr
bered that over forty-three unJlioa acres'of"swapp
and overflowed lands' have been gran ted-by Oon-
gress to the States, more than one half of which is
probably in tho hands of monopolists; thai about
two hundred millions of acres have been grantedto
aid in building railroads and for other purposes ,of
internal improvements thus inaugurating further
and fearful monopolies of the public domainand
that millions of acres of Indian lands, by virtue.yf
the most pernicious treaty stipulations, are falling
into the hands of monopolists, thus still further ag-
gravating the wide-spread evils long since ftifiicted
upon the country by the ruinous policy of laud spec-
ulation. Every day gives birth to some new schei.no
of monopolyby which the paramount right of the
people to homes on tho public domain is abridged or
denied, and its productive wealth seriously retarded;
and no one will need be told that, should this policy
be continued, the opportunities of settlement and
tillage under the preemption and homestead laws
must constantly diminish."
Mr. Speaker, I ask gentlemen to keep
these facts in remembrance in considering the
effect of this measure upon the soldier. I ask
them to remember the present price of college
scrip, the quantity of which is yet to be almost
doubled, and which at one time sold as low as
thirty-seven and a half cents per acre. Let
them bear in mind the amount of old bOanty-
land warrants yet outstanding, and the stupen-
dous monopoly of the public domain which is
going on in other directions and threatening
to swallow it up, and th^n ask themselves what
would be the effect of putting in the market
from one to two millions of assignable certifi-
cates payable in land. Every man can answer
this question for himself, but I "believe I am
sale in saying that the price would fall as low
as twenty-five cents per acre. Our Mexican
land warrants at one time sold at from thirty-
five to forty cents per acre, and this, ft must
be remembered, was before the enactment of
the homestead law, while the quantity of war-
rants was a small fraction only of that of" the
certilicates now proposed to be issued. The
Great Republic, m speaking of this bill, says
that after paying notary and attorney's fees
the whole money value to the soldiers of such
a grant would not exceed $20,000,000, and it
would be a hundred times better for the coun-
try to make this payment in money, and thus
leave the public domain to the laboring masses.
The veil thrown over this hideous speculation
is too thin to cheat the soldiers or citizens of
the country. It should be stopped where it is.
If further bounty is to be paid, let it be hon-
estly paid in money, and thus close the door
against further speculations in what is designed
for, and should be reserved as, the homes of
the industrious millions."
This is from the pen of Judge Edmonds,
late Commissioner of the General Land Office,
and one of the truest and most sagacious of
our public men ; and it appears m the columns
of a well-conducted and influential journal,
which I understand to be one of the principal
organs of the loyal soldiers and sailors of the
United Stated. He adds, that "the soldiers
have asked for no such measure, nor do they
want to be made the objects of any such fic-
titious gratitude," and declares that "the obli-
gations of the country to them would be nearly
canceled should they knowingly and purposely'
allow so monstrous a scheme of monopoly
against the laboring men of the country to be
perpetrated in their name."
But while the bill would thus prove a vio-
lated promise to the soldier, its effect upon the
public domain would be still more deplorable.
On this point I take leave to quote again from
the same report:
" AU the evils of land speculation, to an extent as
alarming as it would bo unprecedented, would he the
sure result. Capital,always sensitivoandsagaeiOus,
would grasp these warrants at the low est rates. Land
monopoly m the United States, under tills national
sanction, would have its new birth, and enter upon a
career of wide-spread mischief and desolation, fepee-
ulators would seiae and appropriate nearly all the
choice lands of the Government, and those nearest
the settled portions ot the country, while homestead
claimants and prcemptors would bo driven to the
! outskirts of civilisation, meeting all the increased
| expense and danger of securing homes for their lain-
I ilies, and surrendering the local advantages of
