92
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 28,
Ho. of Reps.
Suffrage—Mr. Whittemore.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
exercised; and it is too late now, after such a
long acquiescence, to overturn a settled con-
struction. The gentleman, however, does not
rely for his theory solely upon the Constitu-
tion of 1789, but calls to his aid the amend-
ment to the Constitution known as article
fourteen, and relies specially on the first sec-
tion, which is in these words :
"Allpersons born or naturalized in the United
States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof are
citizens of the UnitedStatesandof the State wherein
they reside. So State shall make or enforce any law
which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States; nor shall any State
deprive any pecson of life, liberty, or property with-
out due process of law, nor deny any person within
its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws."
This section, it is true, make's all persons
born or naturalized in the United States and
subject to the jurisdiction thereof citizens, and
prohibits any State from making or enforcing
any law which shall abridge the privileges or
immunities of citizens of the United States,
&c.; and this is contended by the gentleman
|_Mr. Bodtwell] to carry with it the undoubted
right to exercise the elective franchise. In
this the gentleman is mistaken ; for the right
of citizenship carries with it no such privilege,
for if that construction was tenable then, it
would confer the right not only upon all male
citizens twenty-one years of age, but upon
women and children who are also citizens;
aud as to the inhibition clause, it was intended
to protect life, liberty, and property, and espe-
cially-that class of colored people who had
been in slavery; but when that amendment
was proposed by Congress and ratified by three
fourths of the States it was not contemplated
to extend power now contended for, which is
fully explained by the sectmd section which
reads thus :
" Representatives shall all be apportioned among
the several States according tot.heirrespeotivenum-
bors, counting the whole numbor of persons in each
State, excluding Indians not taxed. But when tbo
right to vote at any election for the choice of elect-
ors for President and Vice President of the United
States, Representatives in Congress, the executive
and judicial officers ot a State, or a member of the
Legislature thereof, is donied to any of tho male in-
habitants of such State being twenty-one years of
age and citizens of tho United States, or in any way
abridged cxcept for participation in rebellion or other
crimes, the basis ot representation therein shall bo
reduced in the proportion which the number of such
malo oitizcns shall .bear to tho whole number of
male citizens twenty-ono years of age in such State."
Now, I would ask if the States had no power
to regulate as to who should exercise the elect-
ive franchise, what was the necessity of this
section? I?or if the States could not deny the
right of voting to any of its male citizens twenty-
one years of age, cxcept for participation in
the rebellion orother crime, there would have
been no occasion for this section. It was, how-
ever, understood at the adoption of this amend-
ment that the several States had power to regu-
late that which this bill proposes to deprive
them. ■ Again, all the reconstruction bills we
passed were so framed as to concede that right
to the States.
The gentleman says we " cannot escape this
issue as a Congress and as a party." As a
Congress, I for one would say we do not desire
to escape the issue if we had the power under
the Constitution j but from a careful examina-
tion I cannot see that we have, and after an
acquiescence for eighty years it will not do to
abrogate the rule of '' stare decisis," even if
such a forced construction as contended for
by those in favor of the bill could be made.
I hold that neither by the Constitution of 1789
or the fourteenth amendment can the rights
exercised by the States as regard suffrage be
taken away and exercised by Congress. Then,
as to the policy of such a procedure as a party.
•The Republicans having a large majority in
both branches'of Congress must,, of course,
take the responsibility ot' legislation, and as a
party measure this bill if passed would, in
my opinion, be disastrous to the Republican
party, as we have always conceded to the loyal
States the right ofregulatingthe suffrage therein.
At the great Republican convention held at
Chicago in May, 1868, for the nomination of
President and Vice President, a platform was
laid down containing declaration of princi-
ples, the second paragraph of which is in these
words:
" The guarantee by Congress of equal suffrage to
all loyal men at tho South was demanded by every
consideration of public safety, of gratitude, and of
justice, and must be maintained; while the question
of suffrage in all the loyal States properly belongs to
the people of those States."
And on this platform General U. S. Grant was
placed in nomination for President and Schuy-
ler Colfax for Vice President. The campaign
opened, and we went before the people, telling
them that as regards suffrage it was for the
loyal States themselves to decide, and not for
Congress. Under this platform the Republican
party were successful in electing their candi-
dates for President and Vice President; and I
would say to the Republican members of this
House, can we now afford to repudiate what
we have said, and go back upon the peo-
ple? If we do, though we kre at present
strong, it may be our downfall; and besides,
it behooves us to act in good faith, and by so
doing we must reject this bill. The gentleman
says we must not be "timid." Sir, we are not
"timid," but disposed to act in good faith and
adhere to the settled principles of the Consti-
tution. It may be said if the right to regulate
suffrage belongs to the loyal State, why not
extend it to those lately in rebellion? My
answer is, Mr. Speaker, that by the rebellion
they have overturned their State governments
and failed to give proper protection to its citi-
zens, and especially to those who remained
loyal; and it will be seen under the fourth
section of article four of the Constitution, that—
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government."
That can only be done by proper reconstruc-
tion of those States, and it was found that could
be only accomplished by allowing negro" suf-
frage in 'their organization on account of the
disloyal element among the white population ;
and thus, Congress deemed it to be indispen-
sable, before admitting these States to rep-
resentation, that their constitutions and laws
should be so changed so as to allow suffrage re-
gardless of race or color or previous condition
of slavery, the preservation of the Union de-
manded this course.
I cannot see, Mr. Speaker, any objection to
negro suffrage, and would prefer it being allowed
in all the States; but, under the present Consti-
tution, that belongs to the people of the States,
and they are to regulate it, and not Congress,
unless, as I have already said, so far as relates
to the reconstructed States.
Having, Mr. Speaker, said so much in regard
to'the power of Congress to legislate in relation
to suffrage in loyal States, I will say a few words
in regard to the proposition to amend the Con-
stitution of the United States. The joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 402) reported.from the Judi-
ciary Committee by one of its members, [Mr.
Boutwell,] is in words following :
Sec. 1. The right of any citizen of the United States
to vote shall not be denied or abridged by tbe United
States or any State by reason of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of slavery of any citizen or class of
citizens of the United States.
Sec. 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce
by appropriate legislation tho provisions of this
article. •
If this proposed amendment should pass
each branch of Congress by a two-thirds vote,
and then be ratified by the Legislatures of three
fourths of the States of the Union, it will become
a part of the Constitution of the United States
and settle forever this vexed question of suf-
frage, for it is not likely that it would ever be
changed. I would be glad if the several States
would take this matter in hand and ratify an
amendment which would place all the States
on the same footing, so that it cannot be said
by the southern States that greater restrictions
were placed upon them than upon those of the
•North, East, and West. I am satisfied, Mr.
Speaker, if suffrage was extended to the col-
ored men in all the States it would be found to
work well, and the prejudice that now exists
to such a measure in certain sections of our
country would soon v/ear away, and all would
join in aiding the elevation of that heretofore
downtroddeu race. But it is said that if the
right of suffrage is extended to the colored man
it would be one step toward mixing of races.
This is a mistaken idea. It does not follow that
by giving colored men the right of voting they
are to hold office and commingle in our social
circles, nor do I believe they desire it. The great
test hereafter will be loyalty to the Govern-
ment. In some of the loyal States suffrage has
already been extended to the colored man, and
jio inconvenience seems to be experienced and
no effort to take it from them.
I am, therefore, Mr. Speaker, in favor of the
passage of this joint resolution and submitting
it to the respective States for ratification, and I
will therefore vote for it, but will cast my vote
against the bill, which undertakes to force suf-
frage on the loyal States, without giving them
a voice in it, as I do not think, without an
amendment to the Constitution, we have any
right so to do. As I have already said, if the
measure proposed by the jointresolution should
be approved bitter party strife will soon "be
ended, and that race which stood firm and bat-
tled for the Union in the nation's struggle will
have a voice in the selection of our rulers and
have greater attachment for the Republic; and
if ever a rebellion should again be attempted
we will find the black man among the first to
rally in defense of our country.
Our ancestors dame over to this country of
choice, while, on the other hand, those of the
colored race were by force torn from their
native land and placed here to aid by their
labor in building up this country. This being
the birthplace of the present generation of
the colored people among us, they can well
claim it as their home and demand adequate
protection, which by the adoption of whole-
some laws we have afforded them, if properly
enforced. Let us, Mr. Speaker, reject the bill
which proposes to force on loyal States suffrage
without giving them any voice therein, and
pass the proposed constitutional amendment
and submit it to the States for their ratifica-
tion. This we can do consistently both as a
Congress and members of the great Republi-
can party. It is said by the historian that the
attachment of Romans to their standards was
imposed by the united influence of religion and
honor—that the golden eagle which glittered in
the front of the legions was the object of their
fondest devotion. So let us forget all former
strife, and as one people and true patriots,
with our eyes upon the Constitution, rally
around the stars and stripes, the emblem of
our beloved country, and this nation will be
one of the strongest and grandest of the world.
Suffrage.
SPEECH OF HON. B. P. WHITTEMORE,
op south carolina,
In the House of Representatives.
January 28, 1869,
On the joint resolution (H. R. No. 402) proposing an
amendment to the Constitution of the Un i ted States.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. Mr. Speaker, the
heresy of State rights should no longer warp
our conclusions or be dragged into our future
legislation. We have no longer the slaveholder
to appease orslavery to conserve. An Almighty
arm has settled that question and severed the
chains that bound us. Sectional as it was in
its inception, local in its organization, it has
been met and overcome.' But its devotees still
remind us of its power and prejudice which so
