1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
mm
unless I can hare a separate vote on each name
1 cannot exercise my judgment in regard to
one without I give up my judgment in regard
10 the others.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I object to the argu-
ment,.
The-SPE&KER. The Chair desires to hear
the argument of the gentleman, as the Chair
proposes to overrule the point of order he "has
raised. These are important points, and the
Chair will rule according to his construction
of the Constitution. The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler. ] When the Chair
states the analogies of the case the gentleman
from Massachusetts will doubtless recognize
the correctness of the decision. The Consti-
tution of the United States says that no money
shall be drawn from the Treasury except in
pursuance of appropriations made by law.
Now, a law requires the concurrence of a
majority of each branch of Congress, and,the
approval and signature of the President; or
without such approval and .signature it must
be passed by a two-thirds vote of each House.
Yet it has been the uniform usage to include
many appropriations, perhaps a hundred or
more in a bill arid pass them in a general law.
And any member, therefore, who does not de-
sire to vote for an appropriation of any kind
in the bill bas.hig right under the Constitution
to vote in the negative agamst the entire bili.
And those who have charge of the bill must
.take the responsibility of allowing propositions
to be included in it which will weaken it or pre-
vent its passage. A bill cannot be divided upon
its engrossment or passage except in the single
case, provided for specially by tlje rule, of ap-
propriations for works of in ternalimprovement.
The bill before the House is constitutional,
because it comes in under the third section of
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution.
A bill of this character may include one name
or one hundred names or the names of all who
are now subject to political disabilities. It is
for two thirds of each House to determine to
what extent they will go. If either branch
fails, to give ft vote of two thirds in favor of the
bill it is defeated.
The question was upon seconding the pre-
vious question ; and being taken it was seconded
and the main question ordered, which was
upon the passage of the bill.
Upon this question Mr. Fereiss had called
fe,r the yeas and nays ; and they were ordered.
. The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 139,,-nays 48, not voting 45 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ami's, Anderson, Delos II-
Ashley, J acnes M. Ashley, Axtell, Baker, Barnes,
}i'-,un^n, Beatty, Beck,Bhi^bam,Baickburn, B'a<ne,
-BontweH, Boyden, Boyer, Brooks, Broomalt,
Buckhiod, Buckley, Burr. Roderick R. Butter. t)ake,
Callis, Cary, Obanler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke,
Ctift. Coriey, Cornell," Callom. Dawes, Dcweese,
Dockery. Edwards, El a. Eldridre, Thomas D. Eliot,
James T. Elliott, Farnswotth. Ferry. Fox, French,
fcrios*brenner, GroJUiday, Gross, Gove, {jravoiy. Gns-
woid, (jrovcr, Uaieht, Hauplwy, Heaton, Hill. Hol-
m-.in, Hooper.Ho'uhkiss, Humphrey, Jeockes, John-
son, Alexander II. Jones. Thomas L. Jones, Judd,
Kelley, Kei ogg, Iverr, Keteham, K>'ehen, Knot1,
Kooutz, L:iflin. La^h, George V. Lawrence,Xyitch,
Mallory, Marshall, Marvin, McCarthy. MeCormick,
Miller. Moorhead, Morrelt, Mcrasen, Myers. New-
comb, Ni black, Norris. O'Neill, Pame, Peters, Phelps,
Pierce. Pike. Pile, Plants. Poland, Polsey. Pomeroy,
Prince, Randall, Raum, Robertson, Robinson,Roots,
Ross, Sitsreares, Smith, Spalding, Stewart, Stokes,
Stover, Tiber, '1 liomas. Twieheli, Van Trump, Gad-
waladerC.Washburn. Henry D.Washburn,William
li. Washburn, Welker, James F. Wilson, John T.
Wilson, Wwidom, Wood, Woodbridge, Woodward,
VonriK, and the Speaker—130.
NAYS—Messrs. Brorawell, Benjamin F. Butler,
Sidney Clarke, Oobb, Coburn. Covode, Dickey, Dodge,
Donnelly. Boktey, Ferriss. Fields, Hamilton. Hard-
ing. Marekins, Hjgby, Hopkins, Hunter, Julian.Kel-
sey. William Lawrence. Loan, Logan, JIaynard,
MeKco. .Newsha m, Orth, Perham, Price, Sawyer, Seo-
fiold. Selyo, Shanks, Sbeflaburser, Stevens. Syphor,
Taffe, John Trimble, Trowhridee, Upson. Van Aer-
nam. Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van
\v wk, Ward, Wbittemore, Thomas Williams, and
William Willimns—48.
,NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, AjeSier, Arnetl,
Bailey, li#ldwin. Banks. Barnum.Benjamia, Beaton,
Holes, Boweia, Cook, Deiano, Dixon, Briggs, Hagles-
t n, Garfield, Haisey, A* bel We iJubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, lUilbord.
ingersoH. Lincoln. fiotwbriditc.McCaitoii^ti.MTeur,
Moore, Morrtssey, MuiJias, Nicholson, Nunn, Peftis,
"rnyn, Sehenck, Starkweather, Stone, taylor, XiiL
Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken, Vidal, Elihu B.
Washburne, and Stephen F. Wilson—45.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) tfcs
bill was passed.
Mr. PATNE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bili was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
- , WITHDRAWAL Otf PAPERS.
Mr. CORNELL asked and obtained leave
to withdraw from the files of the House, with-
out leaving copies, the memorial and papers
of Mrs. Mary E. Lord.
LEAYB OF ABSENCE.
Mr. Robinson obtained leave of absence
) from the evening sessions, on account of sick-
i ness.
| Mr. Morrell, Mr. Bp.ogmall, Mr. Cake.
i and Mr. Wasjsptox of Wisconsin, obtained
leave of absence far one day.
NATIONAL CUTtRRN'Oy.
The SPE4-®3&- The Ho use resumes, as the
unfinished business, the consideration of the
bill (S. N.o. 440) supplementary to an act en-
titled "An act to provide a national currency
secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to .provide for the circulation and redemp-
tion thereof," approved June 3, 1864. This
bill was pending at the adjournment on Satur-
day last, and its consideration has been inter-
rupted since that time by the privileged report
frGm the Committee on Reconstruction. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bucsxaxs] has
twenty-five minutes of his hour remaining. ■
Mr. BUCKLA.ND. I yield the remainder
of my time to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Barnes.]
Mr. BARNES, Mr. Speaker, this is one of
the most important financial measures which
has beep presented for our consideration during
the present session. The amendments presented
on Saturday last may have created an erroneous
impression as to the main intention of the bill
itself. But the attention of the House must
not be diverted from the real point of the case,
which is, that at the present time the national
bank currency of the country is regulated by
an act of Congress under which $300,000,01)0
of circulation, neither more nor less, has been
authorized to be distributed. To the manner
of this distribution the attention of this House
is now demanded. We are called upon to
say why the little State of Rhode Island, with
its 225,000 population, should have to-day
$12,676,000 of this national bank circulation,
while the great State of Louisiana, with 900,000
population, and with its gulf, its river, and its
I Atlantic commerce, hasonly$l.245,OOOof this
I circulation. If the banking system of the coun-
; try were free, as it ought to be, there would be
no objection to Rhode Island, New York,
j Massachusetts, or any other State obtaining as
! much circulation as they could profitably use.
When Congress, with its supreme auihority.
| says that the amount of circulation shall be
| limited and then prescribes the manner of that
I limitation, it becomes us to act with that fair-
ness which will bear the scrutiny of history ;
and I undertake to say that there has been no
act of legislation more unjust, more unfair?
and more sectional passed by this or any
other Congress than that which made the
apportionment of the banking currency as it
now stands.
The proposition of the amended section of the
Senate bill is to redistribute about twenty-two
million dollars of the banking currency of the
country. It is merely that,and nothing more.
I was in fevor of giving the entire amount of
§22,000.000, anil indeed more than that, So the
southern States. That, however, did not seem
to meet with a, concurrence of the majority of
the committee: hut in this redistribution the
committee unanimously agreed to the proposi-
tion, and 1 voted with the rest, to give to the
South $12.000,000 out of the $22,000,000 of
banking currency which it is intended to redis-
tribute. This leaves $10,000,000, and, it is
provided that ofthese $10,000,000, $8,008,000
shall be given to th6 far Western State# and
Territories, and the remaining $2,000,000 shall
be distributed among the bank® in the States
which- have now less than their just propor-
tion under the present rate of distribution.
But, Mr, Speaker, the bill goes further than
that, and ajakea a provision in reference to the
margin between the currency and the amount
of security held for its redemption. A large
proportion of the banking circulation at the
present time is-issued upon a ten per cent,
margin, or ninety dollars of circulation being
issued to the banks for every $100 of security.
We propose to allow no bank to issue currency
on less than a twenty per cent, margin, or that
$100 shall be deposited with the Department
for the issue of every eighty dollars pf cur-
rency.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to some facts in reference
to the distribution of currency, as it now stands.
Maine, with 800,000 population, has a'circu-
lating medium of national bank notes to the
extent of $7,569,167, while Louisiana, with a
population of 900.000, has only a circulation
of $1,245,000. New Hampshire, which is not
a commercial State by any manner of means,
with a population of 425.000, has a circulating
medium of $4,828.195. Vermont, with a pop-
ulation of 400,000, has a circulating medium
of 85,802,960.
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not think the
gentleman has made his figures quite large
enough.
Mr. BARNES. I have made the calcula-
tions myself, and I think they will be found to
he substantially correct. Now, while Vermont
and New Hampshire have the large amounfrof
circulating medium which I have stated, the
State of Mississippi, with its vast interests and
with its enormous agricultural products which
have to be moved to market, with a population
of 900,000 has but §66,000 of banking circula-
tion. Massachusetts, with 1,500,000 popula-
tion. has, according to my computation, a cir-
culating medium of $58,561,030: while North
Carolina, with nearlythesamepopulation, hav-
ing 1.200,000 population, has only acirenlating
medium of $317,600. Rhode Island, with a
population of 225.000, has a circulating me-
dium of $12,676,030; while Georgia, with a
population of 2.150,000, has a circulating me-
dium of $1,235,400. Connecticut, with a popu-
lation of 575,000, has a national batik circula-
tion of $17,800,625: while Tennessee, with a
population of 1.400,000. has a national bank
circulation of only $1,270,220. Pennsylvania,
with a population of 3.700,000. has a national
bank circulation of $39,940,000. New York,
with 5,000.000 of population, has a national
bank circulation of §73.828.505. This will
give to some of the northern States, the State
of Rhode Island for instance, §56 50 of na-
tional bank circulation to every unit of popu-
lation, while in some of the soa:hern States
the national bank circulation is It-ss than twen-
ty-five cents per capita. In New York and the
eastern States, which are admitted to be the
commercial centers, the average is $20 06 per
capita, while iu the southern States the aver-
age is §1 17.
Now, Mr. Speaker, Idesiretoinquirewhether
this distribution can be sustained on any prin-
ciple of justice or fair dealing? 1 undertake
to say that, the transfer of banking capital from
Wall street to the West and South would be
more to the advantage of eastern capitalists,
to mercantile and commercial men. than it is
now to crowd it. ail into the plethoric centers,
where it is used largely if not principally for
speculative purposes, thereby enabling a few
men to advance and reduce the prices of the
various products of the country. The South
has gone through a series of misfortunes and
disasters inflicted by the iron heel of war which
it now becomes not only our duty but our
self interest to repair as well as we can: and in
saying to the South if they have the capital
thatthipy may have their proportion of the bank
