1270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
circulation I thitilc we are taking nothing from
the North, while we are conceding to the South
something that will go far toward the restora-
tion of their financial affairs.
A false impression exists with reference to
the maimer of doing business in the way of
loans by the banks at the South as compared
with that of the North. I find that instead
of insecurity of loans in the southern States,
as indicated by the time for which loans are
made, money is loaned there by the banks at
a much less number of days on the average
than it is in the northern and New England
States. The following is a table of the average
time of loans in some of these States:
Average time of loans by National Banks, 1863.
Hew England States 96 days.
New York 62 days.
Pennsylvania 71 days.
Ohio 70 days.
North Carolina 54 day.4*
Georgia 39 days.
Texas 50 days.
Arkansas 49 days,
Tennessee 50 days.
Louisiana CO days.
This table shows not only the great security
of loans in the southern section of the country,
but also the great distress of the people, who are
compelled to submit to the terms exacted by
the banks, being compelled to provide for the
payment of their loa.ns at shorter dates than is
done at the' North.
I am not, Mr. Speaker, in favor of increas-
ing the circulation of the country as a whole,
neither am I in favor of decreasing it. If the
circulation to-day was $50,000,000 more than
it is or $50,000,000 less I should say tho same
thing. Values have been adjusted to the present
volume of the currency, and we have readied
that point where public opinion seems to be
well balanced, so that it would seem that either
extreme would be dangerous. I am willing to
take the middle course, and say that the amount
is right as it is, and wait for the development
of the country, which will soon create a less
amount of circulation per capita than we have
had.
A large number of thefinanciers of the coun-
try believe that the only way for us to get out
of the embarrassment which now exists in re-
gard to the currency question is to talce away
a porton of the circulating medium, while an
equally large number are begiuing to see that
we must retain our present volume of cur-
rency if we would have the means of paying
the taxes, and of keeping alive our commer-
cial. manufacturing, and agricultural interests.
As I before remarked, I believe the public
mind is well settled upon the idea that the
aggregate of our currency is not much too
large, but that it is about at the point which is
calculated best to subserve the interests of all
classes of business. Admitting that to be so,
the provision of the fourth section of this bill
is with reference to a rightful distribution of
the amount of money which is now in exist-
ence. I think I have shown to the House that
it is an act of arbitrary despotism for this Con-
gress to undertake to say that one class of the
population shall be entitled to fifty dollars of
circulation while another class shall not be
entitled to but one dollar. Yet that is what is
now done, and what is now proposed to con-
tinue to do by amendments offered by gentle-
men to this hill.
Mr. Speaker, the reason why this $22,000,000
is proposed to bo taken from the large banks is
to be found in certain facts which I will proceed
to give. Take, for instance, the total loans
:>nd deposits of the New York city banks for
last week. The loans were $204,000,000 and
the deposits $197,000,000, showing that the
d eposits were seventy- five per cent, of the loans.
In Boston and Philadelphia this is similarly
t he case, so that the mere banking capital of
the banks is not taxed and the advantages that
are secured by this extra deposit are used by
the banks in their loans, thereby securing to
them an extra income.
It soetns to me unnecessary to multiply argu-
ments in reference to the necessity of adopting
the measure now proposed in this amendment.
Itis simply a plan to gite the South $12,000,000
of circulation, and it must come from some-
where. It is not the judgment of this House
that $12,000,000 more of circulation should be
created. I maintain that it is just to those
banks which now have seventy-five per cent,
of deposits to the amount of their loans that
they should yield the larger proportion of ,the
money which it is now proposed to give to other
sections of the country which are wanting in
the means by which to carry on their com-
mercial transactions.
Mr. Speaker, I-understand that other mem-
bers of the committee desire to address the
House on this subject. I have confined my
remarks simply to the fourth section, and I
will not take up the time of the House to con-
sider the amendment to the first section offered
by my colleague on the committee from Phila-
delphia, [Mr. Raxdall,] the object of which is
to prevent the Government from allowing de-
posits to be made in national banks in districts
where there is a United States Treasurer or sub-
Treasurer. That measure, I think_, has once
passed the House unanimously. It is strongly
recommended, and has been adopted by the
committee without a dissenting voice.
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, the argument
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Barnes]
has been directed to the point that the national
bank currency requires redistribution. If that
argument is good for anything it is good as
against the proposition of the Senate bill to
distribute and tne amendment reported by the
House committee. The proposition contained
in the Senate bill is to the effect that $20,000,000
of bank currency shall be withdrawn from the
States having a circulation of more than five
dollars a person and be distributed to those
States having a less banking circulation than
five dollars a head. The proposition of the
committee is that the banking circulation be
withdrawn from the States having the largest
proportion and be distributed in the follow-
ing manner: eighty per cent, shall be allowed
to banks having a capital of $200,000 or
less; seventy per cent, shall be allowed to
banks having a capital of $500,000 and over
$200,000; sixty per cent, shall be allowed
banks having a capital of $1,000,000 and over
$500,000; and fifty per cent, shall be allowed
to banks having a capital of $1,000,000 and
under $2.000,000; and no bank shall have over
$1,000,000 of circulation. These are the two
propositions which are before the House with
certain amendments. They are both based
upon the idea announced by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Pomeroy,] whoreported
the bill, and the gentleman from New Y'ork
[Mr-. Barxes] who has just taken his seat, that
the distribution of the banking currency of the
country is unequal and unjust.
I propose to call the attention of the House
for a moment to that point. The amount of
hanking circulation in New England and New
York, as shown by the report of the Comp-
troller of the Currency, is $172,500,000. The
arnountof banking currency in the other States
is, therefore, $127,500,000, counting the whole
circulation at $300,000,000, in round numbers.
According to this statement eight, million peo-
ple have §45,000,000 more of bank circulation
than the other thirty million people in the
Union, estimating the population of the Union
at thirty-eight million, which is a fair estimate,
I suppose. In other words, the eight million
people have $21 50 per capita of bank circula-
tion, and the thirty million have but $4 23 per
capita. Therefore I need enter into no argu-
ment to show this House or any body of lair
men that this is a very unreasonale distribution.
Let me call the attention of tho House again
to this matter. The middle States and the
eastern States together have a population of
about twelve million ; while the remainder of
tho Union has about twenty-six million of
population. The twelve millkfti of popula-
tion in the middle and New England States
have a bank circulation of $230,600,000. The
remaining twenty-six million of population
have a bank- circulation of $69,400,000. Or,
to state it in another form: the people of
the States from Maryland to Maine, inclusive,
have a bank circulation of twenty dollars to
the person, while the people of the rest of the
United States have a bank circulation of only
$2 68 to the person.' If this were not an
actual fact, if it were not a matter of history
a«d of law, sehsiblerneii would think itutterly
impossible. All the great West and the South
have a bank circulation of only $2 68 per
capita, while the middle and New England
States have a bank circulation of twenty dollars
per capita. That is the law, and that is the
fact to-day.
Again, what is the bank circulation of Mas-
sachusetts, with a population of about one mil-
lion six hundred thousand ? Itis $57,054,000;
or at the rate of $35 62 per capita. Indiana
has a population of about one million eight
hundred thousand, and a bank circulation of
$11,018,000; or at the rate of $6 10 per capita.
Now, do the people of Massachusetts need a
bank circulation of $35 62, while the people
of Indiana need but $6 10? Are theyso much
more wealthy ? Have they so much more trade
and business, or are they allowed an undue
advantage?
But the State of Illinois is in a worse con-
dition than Indiana. With a population of
about two million five hundred thousand, the
State of Illinois has a bank circulation of only
$9,648,000. That would give the people of
Illinois a bank circulation of about four dollars
to the person.
Now, tho commerce, the trade, the business,
the surplus products, the wealth of Iilino:s very
nearly equal those of Massachusetts. Certainly
the property of Massachusetts is not eight times
as great as that of Illinois, nor is the-business
of Massachusetts eighttimes as great as that of
Illinois. And yet we find the distribution of
the currency made in this way.
Illinois is said to be the fifth State in the
Union in point of property. The fact is that
we have no correct basis of calculation of the
wealth of the county. Neither the retnrns
from national officers nor from State officers
indicate sufficient!}' any proper basis for a cal-
culation of this kind. Such estimates must be
more or less guess-work. But we know from
the population, business, surplus products, ex-
ports, imports, and all, somethingof the value
of the property of the State.
It will not do for the man in Massachusetts
to say to the man in Illinois " I "will give you
one dollar to make up your five dollars ahead
out of my $35 62. My dear Sucker friend,
your four dollars shall be made a round five
dollar bill. I will generously cut my $35 65
down to $34 65, so that we can live as friends
and have a fair distribution of our currency,
unless the $20,000,000 run out before you get
your five dollars to the head. If it does, you
may have to stop at $4 50 a head ; at all
events let us have a fair distribution, and let
us have peace." Well done, Massachusetts!
But this is hardly in the spirit of the Yankee
boys who crossed the Hudsnn, the Delaware,
and the Potomac, and wrestled with a British
foe on every battle-field from Quebec to Sa-
vannah.
The State of Kentucky and all the States
engaged in the rebellion have a bank circula-
tion of $11,500,000, or about as much as the
State of Indiana alone ; less than one dollar
per capita. Such, then, being the inequality of
bank circulation, of which I shall speak nothing
further, it seems to me that every reasonable
man would say at once that this monstrous
unfairness must be remedied.
Now, what does the Senate bill propose to
do? It starts out with the following mani-
festo' :
_ " That to secure a better distribution of the na-
tional banking currency there may bo issued circu-
lation notes to banking associations organized in
States and Territories having a less national bank-
ing circulation than five dollars per inhabitant,"
And then it winds up with this clause:
"But the amount of such circulation shall not
exoocd $20,000,000."
