1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOiBE.
tleman whether it would not,be well to limit
this resolution, if it is to be pas,sed at all, by
adding words to the proviso. It was deemed
important by the Committee on Foreign Af-
iaiis to so restrict the action of the President
under this resoluiion as that no action should
bi' taken which should involve the appropria-
tion of money withoutfirst consulting the Con-
gress of the United States. Would it not be
well enough to add further words to that pro-
viso? I would suggest the addition of these
words:
And that 110 action shall he taken by tho Executive
of flic United States without first consulting and ob-
taining theconsent ot Congress thereunto, which can
by any possibility involvo this country in a conflict
of arms.
Mr. BANKS. I would cheerfully accept of
such an amendment, but I am not authorized
to do so myself, this being a report of a com-
mittee. Bat ] do not object to su.ch an amend-
ment. We do not intend by this proposition
to enter into any conflict of arms with any
Power at home or abroad. What we propose
is that this Government shall be authorized to
extend to the people of these republics the
idea of protection. Our interests and their
interests are the same, and we want peace and
good government there as here. Revolution
succeeding revolution there destroys them and
imperils the institutions of this country. If
there should be a case when we would be re-
quired to enter into a contest of arms with any
Government for this purpose, I submit, with
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] that
the Congress of the United States should be
first consulted before any such action shall be
taken. And this resolution contemplates such
a course ; because any action which shall re-
quire, or seem to require, an appropriation of
money shall be inaugurated under the authority
of the national Legislature. I would be very
glad if the idea suggested by my friend can be
embodied iu this resolution in a proper form,
which shall not contravene the object of the
resolution itself.
Mr. FERRISS. While I concur mainly in
many of the views expressed by the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, I do not
see very clearly how this proposed protector-
ate can be established and made effectual with
the very limited power which he proposes shall
be exercised by this Government. At the same
time I would ask the gentleman one question,
and if be is at liberty to answer it I should be
very happy to have him answer it; if not, then
to say so. Did the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, in determining to recommend this pro-
tectorate of these republics, regard it as a step
to the ultimate annexation of these islands to
the United States as a part of our territory?
Mr. BANKS. No, sir; the committee had
no such idea, and I had 110 such idea myself.
I ought to say that there was not full time for
the consideration of this matter by the com-
mittee, and therefore I cannot speak for the
views of the members of that committee. Bat
they authorized me to report this resolution to
the House.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BANKS. I will yield to the gentleman
for a question only.
Mr. WOODWARD. I want to move that
this resolution be laid on the table, in order
that we may have time to examine it.
Several Members. That is right.
Mr. BANKS. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose now. The gentleman will have the op-
portunity to make that motion ; he cannot be
deprived of that.
Mr. WOODWARD. Does the gentleman
propose to press this resolution to a vote
to-day?
Mr. BANKS. I will not say as to that. I
now yield to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Cci.LOit,] my colleague on the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. CULLOM. I simply want to say, Mr.
Speaker, that the understanding of the com-
mittee would not, I think, justify the gentle-
man in calling for a vote upon this resolution
to"-"day.
Hr. BANKS. Very well; I do not care for
a vote to-day.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope the gentleman will
not press the resolution to a vote to-day, as
the understanding was that we should have
time to consider it after it had been reported
to the Honse.
Mr. BANKS. I will yield for a motion to
adjourn at any time.
Mr. JUDD. I ask the gentleman to allow
me two or three minutes for an explanation.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman will hav| "am-
ple opportunity hereafter to express his views:
Mr. WARD. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will yield for the purpose, I move
that the House adjourn.
Mr. BANKS. I yield for that motion. If
gentlemen of the House desire further time to
consider this question, I am perfectly willing
that an adjournment shall be had.
On the motion to adjourn, there were—ayes
68, noes 31.
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
(at four o'clock and five minutes p. m.) ad-i
journed.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: A memorial of the
Grant and Colfax Association of Richmond,
Virginia, praying that general amnesty shall
not be granted in that State until after the
adoption of a constitution, &c.
By Mr. BANKS: A memorial of the Sun
Mutual Insurance Company of New York, ask-
ing that the claim of the company upon the
Chinese indemnity fund may be referred to the
Attorney General for adjudication.
By Mr. CL1FT: The memorial of Simon
Gerstman, a citizen of the State of Georgia,
praying for relief.
Also, a petition of the cigar and tobacco
manufacturers of Savannah, Georgia, praying
for the repeal of a portion of the act imposing
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco.
Also, the petition of John D. Rumple, pray-
ing for the removal of disabilities.
Also, a petition of citizens of the State of
Georgia, praying for the enforcement of the
reconstruction acts.
By Mr. FIELDS: The petition of Laura
Clark, mother of Jason L. Clark, for arrears
of pension from the date of her son's death.
Also, the petition of Maria Robins, mother
of Theron H. Robbins, deceased, for a pen-
sion.
Also, the petition of Harriet M. Mills, widow
of Samuel J. Mills, deceased, for a pension.
By Mr. GRAVELY: The petition of L. A.
Sale, of Bedford county, Virginia, praying to
be relieved from disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth article of the constitutional amend-
ments.
By Mr. KERR: Letters from Hon. Jere-
miah Sullivan and General Tilghman A. How-
ard, on the subject of Senate bill No. 428, now
pending before the Committee of Claims of
the House of Representatives.
Also, the petition of Jonathan Elliott, late
commercial agent of the United States at San
Domingo and Porto Plata, praying compensa-
tion for services rendered and reimbursement
for money expended in negotiating a treaty
with the Dominican republic in the year 1856.
Also, the memorial of S. S._ Potter, for pay
for the use of his buildings in New Albany,
Indiana, as hospitals.
Also, the claim of Scott & Brindley, for pay-
ment for the use of their buildings for hospital
purposes in New Albany, Indiana.
By Mr. KOONTZ: The petition of John
Trzeciak, adjutant of the German brigade,
composed of the eighth, twenty-ninth, and
thirty-ninth New York and twenty-seventh
Pennsylvania regiments, for indemnity for
horse lost while in the service' of tlje United
States.
By Mr. MOORE:' Petitions' frbm" masters
an3 owners of 'vessels of Warham, Chatham,
Wellfleet, Hyannis, and Provincetown, Cape
Cod, Massachusetts, with accompanying pa-
pers, praying the intervention of 'Congress to
protect all engaged in navigation from illegal ex-
actions by State and municipal corporations.
Also, petitions of masters and owners of
vessels of Boston, Massachusetts, piraying the
intervention of Congress to protect ail engaged
in navigation from illegal exactions by State
and municipal authorities.
Also, petitions from owners and masters of
vessels of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, pray-
ing the intervention of Congress to protect all
engaged in navigation from illegal exactions
by State and municipal corporations.
By Mr. MORRELL: The petition of James
Ferguson, and 52 other freedmen, for compen-
sation for services rendered in the hospitals of
Natchez, Mississippi, prior to the organization
of the Freedmen's Bureau.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of Peter
Stinebeck, for relief.
By Mr. PERHAM : The petition of Nancy
True, for increase of pension.
Also, the petition of Lemina A. Bellington,
for a pension.
By Mr. SCIIENCK: A petition of mer-
chants and importers of New York, praying
Congress to give them relief from the construc-
tion of the Internal Revenue Bureau relative to
wholesale dealers' sales.
By Mr. SHELLABAUGER: The petitiori
of Baker, Brown & Co., of seventh Ohio district,
asking an amendment of the twentieth section
of the revenue law of July, 1868, so as to relieve
them from the assessment of tax on distilled
spirits where deficiency of production below
the estimated capacity of the distillery is the
result of inevitable accident.
By Mr. WARD: A petition of 100 citi-
zens of Steuben county, New York, in favor
of giving bounty to dratted men.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 13, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gkay, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
hxecutive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, in relation to Indian affairs at Fort
Randall, Dakota Territory ; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
house bill referked.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 404) pro-
viding for the disposition of certain papers
relating to military claims accruing in the de-
partment of the West was read twice by its title,
and referred to tho Committee on Military
Affairs.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
resolution of the constitutional convention of
Texas, in favor of calling into the service a
regiment of Texas cavalry to repel Indian in-
vasions ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
Mahlon Loomis, M. D., of the District, of Co-
lumbia, who believes that he has invented a
new mode of telegraphing, which he submits is
a great and valuable improvement upon ftny
former mode known or discovered. He briefly
says:
"The nature of tho discovery or invention, in
general terms, consists in establishing an electrical
eurrentorcircuitfor telegraphing without the aid of
wires or cables to form such electrical currents and
circuitSi
" As in dispensing with thedoublewire (which was
at first used) and using but one, allowing and relying*
upon tho earth to form the ono half of the eircuif, g<>
now I propose to dispense* with both wires and all
artificial batteries, using the earth, as now, to foro*
one half of the circuit, and the continuous electrical
element far above the surface of the "earth xor ta<*
other part of the circuit."
After setting forth at som6 length his inven-
tion, or his theory, he asks Congress Tof an
