96
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 2%
Ho. op Reps.
Suffrage—Mr. Bowen,
40th Cong....3d Sess.
the adoption and ratification of the fourteenth
amendment those who examined it must have
been pained by the fruitless search in the law
books and the records of our courts for a clear
and satisfactory definition of the phrase ''citi-
zen of the United States." No such definition,
no authoritative establishment of the meaning
«tf the phrase, either by course of judicial
decisions in our courts or by the continued
and consentaneous action of the. different
branches of our political Government, could be
found, and for aught I know to the contrary
the subject was as little understood in its details
and elements, and the question was as much
open to argument and speculative criticism, as
it was at the beginning of the Government.
But as a general answer to those who make
such inquiries, I have this to. say: every citizen
of the United States is a component member
of the nation, with rights and duties under the
Constitution and laws of the United States
which cannot be destroyed or abridged by the
laws of any particular State. The laws of the
State, if they conflict with the laws of the
nation, are of no force. The Constitution is
plain, beyond cavil, upon this point. Article
six says:
" This Constitution, and the laws of the United
States which shall bo made in pursuance thereof,
and all treaties, &c., shall be the supreme law of the
land, and the judges in every State shall be bound
thereby, anything in the Constitution or laws of any
State to the contrary notwithstanding."
And from this I assume that every person
who is a citizen of the United States, whether
by birth or naturalization, holds his great fran-
chise by the laws of the United States and
above the control of any particular State. Citi-
zenship of the United States is an integral
thing, incapable of legal existence in fractional
parts. Whoever, then, has that franchise is a
whole citizen and a citizen of the whole nation,
and cannot be such citizen in one State and
not in another. Some ingenious persons have
tried to draw a distinction between Federal
and what they are pleased to call State citizen-
ship. It was the opinion of Mr. Marcy, when
Secretary of State, that all persons born in the
United States were citizens of the United
States, not referring, of course, to slaves—
slavery at that time existing in this country.
We all know that no State has the authority
to make a citizen of the United States. The
Constitution vests in Congress the sole power
of naturalization, and it may make a citizen
of a foreigner; but is it true that when a per-
son becomes a citizen of the United States he
is not also a citizen of every State wherein he
may happen to reside? Sir, I am aware that
there are men who question the soundfless of
this proposition, and for their benefit I would
refer them fo a decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States delivered by Chief Justice
Marshall, the most eminent jurist who ever s&t
upon an American beuch. In this case, Gas-
susus. Ballon,^ reported in C Peters, page 702,
the Chief Justice, in delivering the opinion of
the court, says:
• " The defendant in error is alleged in the proceed-
ings to be a citizen ot the XInited States naturalized
in .Louisiana and residing there. This is equivalent
to nil averment that he is a citizen of that State.
A citizni of the United States residing in any State
of the Union in a citizen of that State."
In a speech delivered'by Hon. Reverdy
Johnson, published in the Daily Globe of Jan-
uary 31, 1866, the honorable gentleman said:
. " It is very desirable that we should cease t.o con-
sider for a moment that in relation to citizenship
and rights there is, as far as the Constitution of the
United States is concerned, any difference on account
of color." «•• *« "There are all sorts
ot notions, having no foundation in fact or in law,
broached from time to time by individualsor classes
oi individuals, but I suppose that if the Constitution
declared that all persons born in the United States
snoum be citizens, nobody would be able to raise a
reasonable doubt that it included the black man."
r • n. 1 "I.Conclude, therefore, with what
l saia m the beginning, that it seems to me very
desirable that we should, upon the very first occasion
that arises, ana upon every occasion, if any future
occasion should arise, say at once virtually, by ceas-
ing to use the term ' distinction of color,' that in the
judgment of the American Senate and of the people
of the United States there is no such distinction."
And to this already overwhelming testimony
let us add the first section of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States.
As to the objection, not in law but in senti-
ment only, that if a colored man can be a citizen
of the United States he might possibly become
the President, the legal inference is true ; there
would be such a legal possibility. But those
who make that objection are not arguing upon
the Constitution as it is, but upon what in their
own minds and feelings they think it oughtto be.
The second article of the Constitution, section
one, speaks of "natural-born citizens," and
if asked for our evidence of citizenship what
would be the answer? Sir, in my opinion we
have no better title to the citizenship which we
enjoy than the accident of birth, the mere fact
that we happen to be born in the United States.
The Constitution in speaking of natural-born
citizens, uses no affirmative language to make
them such, but only recognizes and reaffirms
the universal principle, common to all nations
and as old as political societies themselves, that
the people born in the country constitute the
nation, and as individuals are natural mem-
bers of the body-politic. If this be a true
principle, and I hardly think it will be denied,
it follows that every person borti in the coun-
try is at the time of birth prima facie a citi-
zen ; and he who would deny it must take upon
himself-the burden of proving some great dis-
franchisement strong enough to override the
"natural-born" right, as recognized by the
Constitution in terms the mostsimpleandcom-
prehensive, and without any reference to race
or color or any other accidental circumstance.
That nativity furnishes the rule both of duty
and of right as between the individual and the
Government is a historical and political truth
so old and so universally accepted that it is
useless to prove it by authority.
In every civilized country the individual is
born to duties and rights—the duty of allegiance
and the right to protection. These are correl-
ative obligations, the one the price of the other,
and they constitute the all-sufficient bond of
union between the individual and his coun-
try. I have said that, prima facie,, every per-
son in this country is born a citizen, and that
he who denies it in individual cases assumes
the burden of stating the exception to the gen-
eral rule and proving the fact which works the
disfranchisement. This is the law of birth,
the common law of England, clear and unqual-
ified, and now, both in England and America,
modified only by statutes made from time to
time to meet emergencies as they arise.
It has been strenuously insisted by some of
the honorable members upon this floor that
persons of color though born in this country
are not capable of being citizens of the United
States. As far as the Constitution is concerned
this is a naked assumption, for that instrument
contains not one word upon the subject. The
exclusion, if it exists, must then rest upon some
fundamental fact which in the reason and na-
ture of things is so inconsistent with citizen-
ship that the two cannot coexist in the same
person. Is mere color such a fact? Let those
who assert it prove that to be so. It has never
been so understood nor put in practice in- the
nation from which we derive our language,
laws, and institutions, and our very morals and
modes of thought; and, as far as I know, there
is not a single nation in Christendom which
does not regard the new-found idea with in-
credulity if not disgust. What can there be
in the mere color of a man to disqualify him
from bearing true and faithful allegiance to his
native country and for demanding the protec-
tion of that country? And these two, alle-
giance and protection, constitute the sum of
the duties ana rights of a natural-born citizen
of the United States. The term "citizen,"
as understood in our law, is precisely analo-
gous to the term "subject" in common law,
and the change of phrase has entirely resulted
from the change of government. The sover-
eignty has been transferred from one man to
the collective body of the people, and he who
before was a "subject of the king" is now a
citizen of the State.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the fact of citizenship
having been established, the next question is,
what are the requirements of civil society as
.regards the guarantee therein implied? Do
we not find society divided off into different
grades and ranks, and the one not associating
with the other—still are they not all entitled to
the same political rights and privileges? You
do not take a man's vote from him because he
labors in the streets, or is a drunkard, or is a
man of immoral character, and why then seek
to deprive these people of the right to vote
when many of them may be persons of great
intelligence and many virtues. By this assump-
tion of power you claim a moral superiority
over these people ? You claim the right to rule
them, and you impose upon them the duty of
obedience, and it is thus that you create differ-
ences which never can be reconciled. Sir, it
is a false idea, and one which ought not to be
cherished by the intelligent citizens of this
grteat Republic. Give the black man his rights
and you make him a contented and useful cit-
izen ; but take away from him those rights
which belong to him and his bosom will rankle
wtih hate and discontent will prevail among his
class. Do him but that justice which he has
a right to claim and he will be satisfied. The
black man does not and will not claim to asso-
ciate with you, but he does think that he is
entitled to certain political rights, such as the
right of voting at an election, and especially
when he has paid a heavy tax to the support
of your Government, and if you refuse him
this he will look upon you with jealousy and
hatred, and upon this Government as a Gov-
ernment of injustice and oppression.
Sir, in my opinion, in this age of progress,
the time has now come that the Constitution
of these United States should be so amended
as to give to every citizen, whether in poverty
or affluence, whether white or black, that right
sacred and dear to every American citizen—the
right of suffrage. Sir, is poverty or color a
crime, that it should deprive an American
citizen of this boon? Should he who by our
laws may be called upon to take up arms in
defense of your families, your firesides, your
property, and your liberty be deprived by law
from exercising this inestimable privilege?
Should those patriotic colored men and their
posterity, who when their country called flocked
to the Army and the Navy in defense of that
country, and bravely shed their blood in the
struggle to perpetuate this Union, have fewer
rights than the demagogue or base worshiper
of the golden god?
How is it that every person born in these
United States owes allegiance to the Govern-
ment? Everything he has, his property and
his life, may be taken by the Government of
the United States in its defense or to main-
tain the honor of the nation; and can it be
that our forefathers struggled through the rev-
olutionary war and set up this Government,
aud that the people of our day have struggled
through another war with all its sacrifices to
maintain it—sacrifices including half a mil-
lion new-made graves, filled without regard to
race, color, or previous condition, which to-day
rear their grassy mounds toward heaven mark-
ing the last resting-place of the gallant dead—
and at last that we have got a Government
which is all-powerful to com mand the obedience
of the citizen but has no power to protect him
in his natural, inalienable, and inherent rights ?
Is this all your boasted American citizenship
amounts to? If so, go tell it to the father
whose son was starved to death at Anderson-
ville, or the widow whose husband was slain at
