1869.
THE COISTQ-EESSIQiYAL«GLOBE.
,by the road for the Government ehalL also
remain in the Treasury ; and if those proceeds
are found to be insufficient, then it provides
that three pet- cent, of the gross proceeds of
the road after its completion shall be paid into
the Treasury for that purpose. A sinking fund
is also provided for by which the bonds will
be paid at the expiration of six years, this
providing for forty-year bonds at six per cent.
It is also provided that if there is any failure
to perform the requirements of this law by the
company the Government may take possession
of the road and appoint, a receiver for the pur-
pose of protecting itself. I ask the attention
of Senators to .this amendment; I think it will
be found to obviate all the objections that have
heretofore been made to the assistance by the
Government to railroad enterprises.
The 'PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection the amendment will be ordered
to be printed and referred 10 the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad.
light-houses ox tiie pacific coast.
Mr. CORBETT. Before the adjournment
for the holidays I offered a resolution provid-
ing for the selection of points upon the Pacific
coast necessary for light-houses. I presume
there will be no objection.to it; ana I move
now to take it up.
• The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution
submitted by Mr. Corbett on the 21st of
December. 1868:
Resolved, That the President direct the Secretary
of the Treasury to detail an officer to select such
prominent points upon the coasts of Oregon, Wash-
ington Territory, and Alaska.asin his judgmcntmay
be necessary, for light-house purposes, in view of the
future commercial necessity of the Pacific coast, and
to reserve the same for the exclusive use of the Uni-
ted States.
The resolution was agreed to.
W. T. C0GGESIIAI.L.
Mr. SUMNER. There is on the Calendar
a little bill which I reported yesterday from
the Committee on Foreign Relations, for the
removal of the remains of the late Mr. Cogge-
shall, minister at Ecuador. I move that the
Senate proceed to its consideration.
The motion was agreed to; an-d the bill (H.
R. No. 967) to provide for the removal of the
remains of Hon. W. T. Coggeshall, late min-
ister of the United States at Ecuador, to the
United States, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to authorize the
Secretary of State to provide for the removal
of the body of lion. William T. Coggeshall,
late minister of the United States at Ecuador,
to the United States, and that of his daughter;
and to appropriate a sum not exceeding §1,000
to defray the expense of the removal, and also
Si,000 for the relief of the family of the
deceased W. T. Coggeshall.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Itisexceed-
ingly unpleasant for Senators having no con-
nection with the committees reporting bills to
rise here and object to bills that are founded
on charity or bounly, or any such considera-.
tion; and if it were not that this sets a prece-
dent. I certainly should not rise on this occa-
sion. I believe this is the first instance of the
ltiud in our history, and I am reluctant that it
shall go on our records as a precedent. I am
rather inclined to occupy the position of one
of the old Viiginia abstractionists who died
here and with something of emphasis declared
that he would not be buried at the public
expense, for it was not constitutional.
Now, Mr. President, if this bill shall pass
the lesult will be that a claim will be pre-
sented here for charging upon the Govern-
ment the expense of the burial of every person
who hereafter may die in the service of the
countiy abroad. I do not know but that there
are—and I presume there afe—-peculiar cir-
cumstances which recommend this bill to the
heart of the Committee on Foreign Relations;
but whenever a subsequent bill comes up here
those circumstances will not be appealed to,
but only the simple fact that such a personage
died on such an occasion and that his funeral
40th Cons. 3d Bess.—No. 21.
expenses and the charge of bringing the body
home were defrayed by the Government of the
United States. If they may be defrayed in the ]
case of a minister abroad, why not for a con- i
sul? and if for a consul,, why not for a Navy ,
officer? It will certainly be seen that this is a '
lSecedent which cannot b^et without danger.
1 trust that it is enough to bring the subject to
the attention of the Senate to lead them to
refuse to vote for the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I do not
know whether the Senate desires to hear any-
thing on the subject. I agree with my friend
that this case is exceptional. I doubt whether
it can be drawn hereafter into a precedent.
Indeed it can be a precedent only in similar
circumstances, and it is, not likely that the cir-
cumstances will occur again. They were pecu-
liar. The situation of the remains of this unfor-
tunate gentleman, who died representing us
abroad, at this moment is very peculiar, and
his family are absolutely without means. Un-
der those circumstances an appeal was made
to the Department of State, and then to the
generosity of Congress. The other House has
yielded to that appeal. The whole ease is
stated in a letter from Mr. Suellaearger, of
the other House, which is addressed to myself,
and with the permission of the Senate 1 will
read it:
House, January 8,1869.
Senatok: Pardon mo for asking you, as head of
theForeign Committee, to favor, it you can, the (louse
bill just passed, giving to thetatnilyoi our laiemin-
ister at Ecuador. William X. Coggeshall, $1,000, and
providing lor bringing homo the bodies of the de-
ceased minister ana of his daughter. Tne facts will
appear in the debates ol to-inorroiv's Globe; but to
save you thclabor of reading them may Istate them
to you? Mr. Coggeshall was a man ot influence;
long an editor, and valuable friend all hid life of
our cause; was in 1866 sent, in bad health, toEeua-
d01,was accompanied by hischild Jessie, agedfnteen,
but singularly mature, intelligent, and biMutiiul.
She soon obtained the Spanish language, became the
interpreter and secretary to the legation, and the
nurse of her sick father; did most ot tbe business of
the mission, did it well, andundermostfcar/ulhurd-
ships aided in procuring (as tier lather did) those
rights of Protestant burial which youremeuiberwere
temporarily accorded to our people, and bur i-d
her lather in the cemetery among the first ever so
interred in Quiio.
Alter her lather's death, (and it is for this we beg
your l'avoi.ible consideration ol the bill.) she contin-
ued at Quito, took cai e ot, pre-erved, and had rightly
disposed of the bw ks and papers belonging to tho
Government, andremained there four or live months,
namely, fiom August, 1857, the date of her fa. her's
death, until January, 1868 She then started home,
travelingseveral hundred miles through mountains
&e., on inu'es, and, atter great suffering, reuu'icd the
coast at Gurj aguil, where she was taken with yellow
fever and died. The body of tho father has been, by
the revolutionary party there, taken up and put into
a public warehouse. The salary drawn was only for
about fifteen months, and was far less than the actual
expense of the miss.on. The.family is absolutely
destitute, theie being left a. widow and a large fam-
ily of little ehiidien. As the $1,000 voted by tho
llouse is tar less than the value of the four months'
service actua.ly rendered by Jessie, I sincerely trust
you may find rignt togive the bill your indispensable
favor.
Yours, very truly, _
s. shellabakgek.
Hon. C. Scmnek, Senate.
This letter was read to the Committee on
Foreign Relations yesterday; and I believe I
may say that, taking it into consideration they
recognized the case as absolutely exceptional,
and unanimously voted that the bill should be
reported to the Senate with a recommenda-
tion that it pass.
ill-. SHERMAN. I do not think it is neces-
sary to add a word to the statement hlready
made; but there is one fact which, if improved
upon in the consular and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill, I think will save all the money here
appropriated and several times more. I will
never consent myself to appropriate anything
to pay for a minister at Ecuador, owing to the
circumstances which occurred at the death of
Mr. Coggeshall. He was denied Christian
, burial, and his body is now in a public ware-
| house and his family are not able to bring his
j remains here. The circumstances are pecu-
j liar. It seems to me that not only ought we
i to pay this money, but we ought to refuse to
! have any intercourse of a diplomatic charaeter
| with a nation that would deny to a Protestant
I Christian a Christiau burial.
; -Mr. ED MUX 98. ,, Is there any doubt of-tlje
fact of the poverty oflbe family? •
Mr. SHERMAN- None at all.
The bill was reported to the Senate., ordered
to a third reading, reafl, the third, tijne, .a d
passed.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion by Mr. POMEROY,
Ordered, That George E. Glenn ha vo leave to wi£h-
draw his petition and papers from tho iites of the
Senate. . '•
suits in the 11ebel states.' •
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Hotisft bill No.
1261. I think it will take but a short time to
pass it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed tbe consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
1201) amendatory of an act entitled "An act
relating to habeas corpus, and regulating judi-
cial proceedings in certain cases."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is informed that the bill has been engrossed
and read the third time, and the question now
is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
bill.
The Chief Clerk read the bill aa amended
in the Senate on the 25th of July last, as fol-
lows :
That the provisions of an act entitled "An act
relating to habeas corpus, and regulating judicial
proceedings in certain cases," approved March 3,
1803, so far as the same relate to the removal of
causes from the State to tho Federal courts, be,- and
the sumo is hereby, declared to extend to any suit
or action at law or prosecution, civil or criminal,
which has b«en or shall be commenced in any State
court against the owner or owners of any ship or
vessel, <>r of any railway, or of any line of transport-
ation, firm, or corporation engaged in busii?ess_ as
common carriers o'f goods, wares, or merchandise,
for any loss or damage which may have happened
to any goods, wares, or merchandise whatever, which
shall have been delivered to any such owper or own-
ers of any ship or vessel, or any railway, or of any
line of transportation, firm, or corporation, engaged
in business as common cariiers, where such loss or
damage shall h.tve been occasioned by the acts of
those engaged in hostility to tho Government of tho
United States during the late rebellion, or whore
such loss or dain.ige shall huve been ocousioicd
by any of tho foices of tho United States, or by
any officer in command of such force*; Provided,
That this act shall not be construed to affect any
contract of insurance for war risks which may have
been made wilh reference to any goods wares, or
merchandise which shall have been so destroyed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to hear some
explanation of lhat bill. It is very difficult to
understand its scope and efi'ect simply lromits
reading.
Mr. CAMERON. This bill was very fully
discussed just before the adjournment, last sum-
mer, and would have passed then hut for want
of time. It is merely a bill to save wrong to
express companies and other transportation
companies that existed in the South. The bill
only provides that they shall have the right to
carry their suits into the United States courts.
It is designed to protect the loyal people who
have invested their money in transportation
companies in the South from the danger^ of
local juries. Everybody, I take it, will see that
it is a bill that ought to pass.
Mr. COLE. I was not able to hear all that
was said by the Senator from Pennsylvania in
favor of this bill; but I remember lhat a bill ol
a similar character was brought before tile S5-n
ate at the last ses^oii to transfer sails ag ijust
corporations in State courts to the (Jnit.el
States courts. It. seems to me a bad praciice.
It will preclude parties having certain rights or
claims against these corporations from the
possibility of getting justice speedily if they are
to be transferred to the United States courts.
It is well understood that the Stata courts are
the handiest always, and I do not kuow why
these corporations cannot obtain ju.sticejheie
, as well as in the United States courts. Unless
! there is some good, sound reason for this hill,
j which I am not advised of, I certainly feel like
I voting against it.
Mr. UONK.LING. If Senators will give
i their attention for one moment to the only
| point iuvulved in this b'H. I thiuk. uQ <v lid
! objection will arise is 8-ny mind- „ .ft comes
