1274
THE GOKGJBBSSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
provisions of said act against any such.b&nking asso-
ciation for any violation of the provisions thereof,
all payments of interest upon the bonds pledged by
such banking association to redeem its circulation
or to secure«its depositsdue to the United Statesshall
oease, exceptas hereinafter provided; butsuch asso-
ciation may produce and deliver up to the Comp-
troller of the Currency, to be canceled, any of its bills
theretofore furnished' itr-for circulation in sums of
$100 or any multiple thereof, and reeeive an assign-
ment, as provided iu said section forty-two, of a pro
rata proportion of the bondspl edged for their redemp-
tion! aaid the accrued interest on such bonds so as-
signed shall be paid to such association, and thesame
maybe done from time to time until all said bills
shall have been returned to the Comptroller, and can-
celed, when such association shall be discharged from
all liability on account of its circulation; and "when
its deposits'due the United States are paid with in-
terest thereon in coin from the time the association
shall be proceeded against or have gone into liqui-
dation, then the bonds deposited as security for de-
posits shall be assigned as provided in saM act, and
the interest thereon shall be paid to the association:
provided, That nothing herein shall hinder the sale
or forfeiture of the bonds by the Comptroller of the
Currency in the manner provided by law for any vio-
lation of the provisions of said act, or, when neces-
sary, forthe redemption of the bills when presented
to the'Xreasury of theUnited States; but no balance
or surplus ofeitherprincipal or interest shall be paid
over to such banking association who makes default
in redeeming its circulation: And provided further,
That an amount of circulation equal to that so can-
celed shall be forthwith issued to the banks in those
States not having theirfu!! proportion of circulation
according to law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts.' I n<5w
yield for twenty minutes- to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I shall con-
fine myself in the remarks which I propose to-
make in reference to this bill to that portion
which is embraced within the fourth section.
That section seems to have attracted more of
the attention of the members than any other.
Now, sir, the main object of this section is to
supply a currency to the South, and to equalize
it in the West by an increase of circulation in
that'section of country. The unequal distribu-
tion of the banking circulation and capital, in
addition to being a monopoly, is also one of
great hardship to the two classes of States I
have named. This springs, as a result, from
special and favored legislation, which, sooner
or later, will have to be essentially altered.
What is now proposed is a measure to mitigate
one of its evils. There is no subject of deeper
interest to our business menuban a correction
of the abuses of our present national banking
system, among the most important of which
is its unequal distribution of circulation and
capital throughout the States and Territories.
The South is to-day without the circulation
necessary to their every-day business require-
ments. For more than a year Congress has
given promise of a remedy in their behalf. The
opportunity is now presented to do so, and we
should embrace it.
The rebellion over, their prosperity is our
success and happiness. The South will con-
tribute her full share toward the current ex-
penses of the Government, and also bear its
just proportion in tho liquidation of the prin-
cipal of our national debt if justice is done
her. The productiveness of her soil and her
great resource of labor there at hand -will
enable her people to do so if we will extend
to them facilities of trade and commerce. 1
deem it unnecessary to argue this at any length.
All here familiar with the subject will assent
to this view.
Iu like manner the West demand an increase
of capital and circulation in their region, be-
cause of their not having heretofore received
their due share, and because, as in the South,
of its absolute necessity in conducting the busi-
ness transactions between the West and Bast,
and also to facilitate the ready interchange of
commodities in their immediate neighborhood.
This is the sole result of the fourth section.
The other features of the proposition become
questions of detail. We are prevented by the
almost unanimous opinion of the country and
by the judgment of this House and the Senate
from any increase of national bank circulation
beyond the present limit of $800,000,000.
The only mode left us is to take from those
who now have for the purpose-of giving it to
those States most requiring it. The commit-
tee in examining this subject have given it
much care and attention, and after an indus-
trious and patient investigation have reported
the amendment to the Senate bill, which, in
view of all the attendant difficulties, they
deemed best for adoption.
Let us for a moment examine the original
section as passed by the Senate, and it will be
shown that it is indistinct in. its working and
would delay for a year, perhaps for a greater
length of time, the securing of this circulation
where it is needed, and, in addition, the whole
of it would, under its terms, go to the south-
ern States, for it would take a much greater
sum than $20,000,000 to bring the -South up
to five dollars per capita as is therein pro-
vided. The present amount of circulation per
capita in the South proper is not more than
seventy cents, while in New -England it is
twenty-six dollars,; in Pennsylvania over ten
dollars. Again, 1 incline to the opinion that
$12,000,000, as provided for in the amend-
ment of the committee to go South, is as much
as they demand al present, hence the remain-
der should go to the West, as provided for, so
as to equalize aud supply the demand there,
which will afford much relief.
The proposition of my associate on the com-
mittee from Ohio, which is to make this redis-
tribution so as to contribute $1,2-50,000 of cir-
culation to each member ©f Congress, would
be such a wide-reaching and so disturbing a
proposition that I only need to show its danger-
ous character to state the practical result of
it upon various States to secure its rejection.
Massachusetts, with tenRepresentatives, would
have $12,600,000; now has $57,000,000, a loss
of $45,000,000; New York, thirty-one Repre-
sentatives, would havo $38,750,000, a loss of
$30,000,000; Pennsylvania, twenty-four Rep-
resentatives, would "have $30,000,000, a loss
of $8,000,000; Maryland, under the Buckland
amendment, would have $7,500,000; would
lose $1,400,000—$600,000 under the bill from
the House committee; New Jersey, $7,500,000;
now $9,300,000, a loss of $1,800,000; under
House committee amendment, $1,000,000.
From Ohio, $23,750,000 ; now $18,400,000, a
gain of $5,400,000. I feel, however, sure that
this House will not—tliey certainly should
not—adopt an amendment simply for Ohio,
but would prefer to take a broader view, and
seek a good result with less confusion.
The proposition of my associate on the com-
mittee from Indiana contains, in addition to
the features of the original Senate section,
which I have shown to be so objectionable, a
much worse provision, in extendingthe time to
three years before the object sought can be
accomplished. Only yesterday I read of tbe
fact of a distinguished and wealthy citizen of
my own State, Asa Packer, who in company
with other iron-masters of Pennsylvania had
been to Selma, in Alabama, and there made
large purchases of property. Such enterprises
as these require capital and a circulating me-
dium. I will now speak of the committee's
proposition. The feature of reducing the rate
from ninety per cent, to eighty on banks of
$200,000 and less capital.
This provision I consider wise, irrespective
of the object of the section, and an amend-
ment in the right direction. Ten per cent, of a
margin between capital and circulation is alto-
gether too small for the prudent conduct of
the business of a bank, especially when a re-
demption plan is reached. Most men familiar
with the subject of finance and our present
system of banking express the opinion that no
bank should have an excess of circulation
above fifty per cent, on the amount of their
capital. Knowing, however, the anxiety of the
small country banks to keep and profit by their
circulation, the committee made the slight de-
duction of ten per cent, rather than encounter
the opposition of the friends of thesmallbanks
in this House. This reduction I deem salutary
and wise upon its own merits.
The aggregate of retired circulation and its
redistribution have been carefully and fully
stated by the chairman, and renders any expla-
nation from me unnecessary. Before closing
I desire to make an appeal to the members of
the House from the States lately without rep-
resentation. I trust they will sustain the amend-
ment of the committee, for if not adopted I
fear any bill having for its object the redistri-
bution of circulation so as secure to them any
additional bank-note facilities will fail. The
committee has sought to accomplish this with
the least possible derangement of- the business
of the country, and without hardship Ui the
people of any State. Under the provisions of
the section as proposed to be amended it falls
upon bank's and-localities best able to bear the
reduction of circulation, but in, not too large a
degree to.cripple such banks or localities. I
sincerely hope the effort of a majority of the
committee as presented' in the amendment
will be accepted by the House, which really
has been brought about by the Representatives
who directly represent the localities wherein
the reduction will mainly occur, and that they
may have the credit awarded them of having
acted from a disinterested motive, and only to
accomplish the greatest good to the greatest
number.
There is another feature to be noticed in the
first section of the bill, and that is to prevent
the deposit of any money of the United States
except in the hands of the Treasurer or Assist-
ant Treasurer of the United States, or author-
ized depositaries under what is kno^n as the
sub-Treasury act. That provision has hereto-
fore been passed by this House, but was re-
ported against in the Senate by a gentleman
who, unfortunately for the bill, was the presi-
dent of a national bank.
Since that time, however, the Secretary of
the Treasury—and I desire to do him justice
in this respect—has issued an order, and, as far
as he prudently could, has reduced those depos-
its in the localities indicated. I will append a
report showing the amount of public deposits
now held by the national banks interested. In
the aggregate it amounts to $2,600,000. When
my resolution of inquiry was offered the aggre-
gate was about thirty-three million dollars.
Upon a cursory glance I have found that the
depositingwith certain pet banks still continues;
for, while almost all the banks have been
greatly curtailed of their deposits, still there are
four of them that seem to be favored—the Corn
Exchange Bank of Philadelphia, for instance,
of which Senator Cattell is president, and the
First National Bank of Washington. The lat-
ter has $400,000 of the public deposits. In
fact nearly one half the money as referred to
by me as now on deposit in the national banks
is held by four of them.- The disposition of
the House, however, has been so manifest on
thisquestion that anjrargument in regard to the
absolute necessity of this provision would be
altogether out of place.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania this question :
Why is it that the Committee on Banking and
Currency have not complied with what seemed
to be the purpose of the House during the
last session of Congress, of withdrawing the
national bank currency and substituting the
lawful money of the country in its place, thus
not only equalizing the circulation throughout
the country, but at the same time giving to
the whole people the benefit of a better cur-
rency?
Mr. RANDALL. So faras I am concerned,
I am ready at any time, having fully considered
the subject, to vote in favor of substituting
the greenbacks and to take from the banks this
monopoly of circulation which is so great a
source of profit to them, and make this profit
go to the benefit of the people. I have here-
tofore introduced a bill having that object in
view, but it has never been reported from tbe
committee, aud, if I may be allowed to state
the fact, 1 do not think it will be reported by
the present Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency;
Tkkasukt Department, February 15,1869.
Sik: In compliance with your request of the 9th
. instant I transmit a statement preparod by tho
