m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 29?
Ho. o® Reps.
Suffrage—Mr. Shellabarger.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Me as ever that the rebel and master race at
the South are not the lovers of this Union, but
sire lovers of the "lost cause." While they
may bo-w even mean submission because they
see no-hope in-aught else, yet, sir, be is unut-
terably mad who will so frame and amend the
Constitution how as that we shall put these
States and their only truly loyal people under
the mastery of these mourners for "the lost
cause." What a cause! The most infamous
and godless which ever arose or perished in
human annals, because it was a cause which
aimed at building the fabric of human govern-
ment upon the enslavement and chattelization
®f the soul's of God's poor, and to do this by
the perpetual overthrow of the only free Re-
public in the world. Make it possible, sir, for
men whose moral sense is such to-day that all
over that beautiful and treason-blighted South
,ihey boast that they are still mourners for such
a lost cause to disfranchise the race as to which
they to-day avow their poignant and undying
grief that they could trot ehattelize forever, and
will they not disfranchise them ? Sir, once
more here in my place and in the audience of
the people's Representatives and of the people
I say, be warned ! Sir, they will—it being left
only possible—they will. Here, truly, it is true
that blunder is worse than crime.
And, sir, can I be mistaken when I say that'
ander the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts these "mourners for the lost
cause" can disfranchise the vast, overwhelm-
ing mass of the colored people of the entire
South? Sir, it is impossible that I should be
mistaken. The gentleman urges upon me as a
reason why he prefers his amendment to the one
I offer and prefer that mine would render the
constitution of his own State unconstitutional,
because Massachusetts requires that a voter
shall be able to read ; while his plan would leave
it in the power of the States to continue and
enforce an exclusion from the ballot because the
man conld not read. This position confesses the
almost fatal defect of his plan. This colored
race cannot now read because we have for these
centuries shut them from the light; they are
poor, because we have during these centuries
stolen their property. And now we are about
to make an amendment to our organic law—
and which is to be as eternal as the Govern-
ment itself—by which we say to the oppressing
race, " You may forever in the future, as you
have in the past, keep away from these people
both knowledge and property, by keeping away
from them the ballot," that highest defense of
the rights of a freeman, and the surest (and to
the late slaves indispensable) means of elevat-
ing his condition as to intelligence and prop-
erty. If the gentleman's amendment is to be-
come a part of the Constitution, Mr. Speaker,
I profoundly hope I may be mistaken in these
views.
I shall, as I have said, vote for it if we can
get no better; but only because he removes
three grounds which now exist for disfranchis-
ing whole classes and races of virtuous and
loyal citizens of the Republic. Sir, the pity
is, "and pity 'tis, 'tis true," that it removes
only three, and leaves whole races and classes
and masses of the citizens of the Republic to
be robbed of the very highest right of every
free citizen for every other reason which the
master race may conceive or contrive except
only these three. Should it so pass this House
1 trust it may take a better form in the Senate,
where they have opportunities for debate and
comprehending it which the previous question
and press of business prohibit here.
One single other suggestion in regard to the
proposition which I have submitted in con-
nection with the one submitted by the gentle-
man f'roin Massachusetts. I respectfully call
his attention to the fact that his amendment
is one which, if bis position, taken the other
day in his able and elaborate argument, be
right, and if there be in Congress now the
power to secure the elective franchise to all
the people without this proposed amendment,
then this amendment will add to the mischiefs
it aims at remedying instead of relieving them.
T,hat happens in this way : he simply prohibits
the States from exercising the power of dis-
franchising for either one of the three grounds,
namely, race, color, or former condition of
slavery; thus by plain inference authorizing
the States to disfranchise upon any other
grounds than these three. This is upon the
well known and universally recognized prin-
ciple of law, expressio unius exclmio alterius.
That which we have not prohibited to the
States will be, by his form of amendment,
added to the powers of the States, if, as lie
argues, they have it not now, and we will
enable them to disfranchise for every conceiv-
able cause except only his three. To say in
the Constitution that the States shall not dis-
franchise for certain three specified causes is
to say that the States may disfranchise for any
or every other^ause. We thus, as seems to
me, make the Constitution worse, and hand
over to the States powers of disfranchisement
over which the United States will thus have
parted with all control, and we will surrender
to them complete and paramount sovereignty
in a matter essential to the very being of the
Government of the United States, resting as it
does on the suffrages of the people.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will not proceed fur-
ther to discuss this proposed substitute sub-
mitted by myself, but will beg such attention
to it as members may be inclined to give it
defore we come to the vote. I did want to call
attention to the reasons why we should now sub-
mit some amendment securing to all the citi-
zens of the Republic a just participation in the
election of its rulers. I regret that my time will
not at all permit me to do this in any adequate
way. One of these reasons is to be found in
the fact that the proposition in itself is so em-
inently right that it cannot fail to commend
itself to the approval, it seems to me, of all
right-minded men. Right, I mean—in regard
to its relations to the Constitution. The
framers of the Constitution thought that they
had so made that instrument that they deemed
the provisions in regard to who should elect the
Federal rulers were substantially unalterable
by the States. They also deemed this regula-
tion of the franchise, by which the rulers and
the laws of the Republic were to be made, one
absolutely fundamental and going into the very
essence of the Government, and one which
could not be left to the States. This is not
only one of those self-evident things about
which there can be no debate, but it is so ex-
pressed, over and over, by those who made
the Constitution. Mr. Hamilton says, (see
Federalist, 403:)
" The definition of the right of suffrage is very justly
regarded as a fundamental article of republican gov-
ernment. To have submitted this to the legislative
discretion of the States would have been improper,
because it is fundamental, and foi* the additioual
reason that it would have rendered too dependent on
the State governments that branch of the Federal
Government which ought to be dependent on the
people alone."
He also says, speaking of the clause making
electors the same as for the most numerous
branch of the State Legislatures, that—
" Itwill be safefortheUnitedStates, because being
fixed by the State constitutions it is not alterable
by the State governments."
But in speaking of the declaration by Mr.
Hamilton that the Constitution's definition of
the qualifications of Federal electors was " not
alterable by the Stategovernments," Mr. Story
says (1 Story on Constitution, section 586) "the
provision has not in fact, and may not have,
all the security against alteration so confidently
affirmed." Thus it is seen, first, that the
makers of the Constitution did regard this power
of defining the qualifications of Federal electors
fundamental, and one which the Convention
could not properly leave to the States; second,
that they thought that as they had arranged it
in the Constitution it was substantially "unal-
terable by the States;"' and third, that theiu
expectations as to this last have not been his-
torically realized. This vital power of Govern-
ment has turned out, in practice, to be one
not only " alterable by the States," but one
which the States have so used as that in many
of tbem the masses of the people who are loyal
to their country and who have not gone into a>
stupendous rebellion for the overthrow of the
Government, could and would to-day be wholly
deprived of all powers of government by the
assumption of the elective franchise, by those
alone who did engage in such rebellion. So
startling a fact must impel us, by its irresistible
forces, to go at once to the remedying of so
grave a defect in the Constitution as that one
is which leaves to the States, only and su-
premely, the matter o'f making both the rulers,
and through these, the laws of the Republic.
Now, I appeal to the gentlemen upon the
other side of the House, and- on a ll sides, if I
am not arguing the merest truism when. I say
that that Government is not a Government at
all that has not in itself power to co«trol the
question as to who shall make the rulers of thab
Government, and which, for that very reason,,
has not in itself the power of either making ok
executing its own laws. It is fundamental,
essential, as Mr. Hamilton said it was. There-
fore I appeal to the other side of the House
when I say that the thing is, in the philosophy
of government and in logic, right. And it is
therefore an amendment, in so far as it makes
a Federal definition of Federal electorship,,
required by the plainest and most elementary
principles of every free Government.
But, sir, it is feared that this time for the
submission of this amendment is inopportune,-
as there are Legislatures now in existence
unfriendly to it, and which will defeat it. To
that point I want to direct some remarks.
Sir, this proposition once submitted to the
States by a two-thirds vote of the Congress is
irrevocable except by a like two-thirds vote
withdrawing it. If we now do our duty anci
submit it, it will remain submitted and pending
as the proposal of the United States before the
States until the States shall have acted upon
and accepted it, or until it shall have been with-
drawn by such two thirds vote of the Congress
which could alone submit it. So that it will
be competent for a State, after it has been
once rejected by the State, to elect a new Legis-
lature that shall adopt it. It pends contin-
uously as proposed until it is so withdrawn or
ratified. It seems plain that it roust be so that
a bare majority of the Congress cannot repeal
what could be submitted by two thirds only.
These submissions of amendments by resolu-
tion of two thirds of Congress are not in the
nature of laws. They do not require or prop-
erly admit of being approved or disapproved
by the President. So it is decided by the
Supreme Court. (See Hollingsworth vs. Vir-
ginia, 3 Dal.) So it was held by Mr. Lincoln
in a special message, and so is the now estab-
lished doctrine of this Government. The fact
is that this is an anomalous and peculiar
exercise of their sovereignty by the people
through their Representatives by which is sub-
mitted to themselves the question whether they
desire to amend their Constitution in a pre-
scribed respect and manner. When the peo-
ple have thus once acquired jurisdiction of this
great question regarding their own Govern-
ment, that jurisdiction cannot be wrested from
them by any mere law or joint resolution of
Congress.
A law or jointresolution and the President's
approval could not give .the jurisdiction to
them, and surely it cannot take it away. If
the President could not be consulted as to the
propriety of its being submitted, as we have
seen he could not be, then is it possible that
he can or must be consulted as to the pro-
priety of taking it away ? If he may not judge
of the question of its being fit to be submitted,
shall he be permitted to decide whether it was
