1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Suffrage—Mr. JShettabarger.
Ho. of Reps.
fit to be continued before them or ought to be
repealed? But if it can be repealed in the
ordinary way by law or joint resolution, then
every such measure must be submitted to the
President and approved by him, or else passed
over his veto, and you have the absurdity of
the Preside at being so endowed with power
touching the question of the amendment being
fit to be continued with the States for their
ratification as to be equal to one sixth of the
entire Congress of the United States, and yet
as to the question whether it should be sub-
mitted to them the day before, he has no power
at all! This is plainly impossible. The truth
is this provision of our Constitution is wholly
unknown in other Governments—is to enable
the sovereignty (the people) to get beforeitby
a prescribed and peaceful method the question
of altering the fundamental law of the Govern-
ment, and to retain it and decide it, and thus to
dounder the peaceful formsoflawwhatin other
Governments are usually attained only through
convulsions, revolutions, and wars. In its na-
ture, therefore, it is the exercise by the supreme
sovereignty of its great reserved powers ; and
from this supreme power no less a part of that
national sovereignty can take away their right
to consider, to deliberate, and to change their
government than that one which alone could
submit it.
And, again, Mr. Speaker, this view is en-
forced by the history of the Constitution's and
its amendments' adoption, as is also the fur-
ther proposition, that a rejection by a State is
not conclusive, but such State may afterwards
ratify. The Constitution itself provided in its
last clause thatit should be established between
the States ratifying it when ratified by nine
States.
It was submitted for ratification 17th Sep-
tember, 1787, and not ratified by Rhode Island
until 29th May, 1790. Several of the State
Legislatures who had either omitted or refused
to ratify did ratify in subsequent years.
The first ten amendments were submitted
21st September, 1789, and not ratified until
15th December, 1791. The eleventh amend-
ment was proposed on 5th March, 1794, and
not ratified until 8th January, 1798, nearly four
years after its submission. I have alluded to
these facts both to prove and to impress the
fact upon Congress, first, that now is the only
time which can happen foryears when Congress
will have the two thirds (favorable to equal suf-
frage) which is required to submit this amend-
ment; and second, that if we now do our duty
and submit it to the people, then the people
cannot be deprived of their right to consider
and adopt the amendment until two thirds of
the Congress shall wrest it from them, which
cannot be at all.
There is another reason for submitting this
amendment now whisk, though perhaps not
precisely vital, is of exceeding force. It is
that by our reconstruction laws—now accepted
by the country as permanent—we have required
the reconstructed States to submit to equal
suffrage. We have done this mainly, I admit,
because it was absolutely impossible to organ-
ize or guaranty republican governments down
there at all unless we enabled the only loyal
race there was there to vote. This fact, dis-
tinguishing the northern from the southern
States, might, perhaps, justify us in requiring
temporarily of them what we did not accept
for ourselves. But if this be so, it can only
be temporarily so; if, indeed, as we all de-
voutly hope, general loyalty is ultimately to
come back to the South. We must, there-
fore, speedily either let the South disfranchise
its colored races if they will, or else enfran-
chise our own, or else compel a submission
by sister States to a l'ule of elective franchise
pronounced by ourselves, dangerous and ruin-
ous to us. To so compel them permanently to
submit to what we refuse ourselves to accept
is dishonor—a dishonor which will soon be-
come revolting to the sense of fair play for
which the American people are not undis-
tinguished, and will shock the moral sense of
mankind. This consideration has exceeding
force in impelling us to at once make the law
of enfranchisement national, universal.
But, Mr. Speaker, these reasons for the
adoption of the amendment making the citi-
zens equal in the enjoyment of the best right
of citizenship, though each important in itself,
become so trivial in contrast with the great
reason for it that we hesitate at even naming
them. The decisive argument for the amend-
ment is that it is right. In determining whether
it is right, what we have to consider and to
debate and to adjudge are problems like these,
and only problems like these: is the right to
vote in a Government where votes make the
Government's Constitution, laws, and- rulers
and unmakes them, a ri<?hfc worth having for
one's protection or elevation or self-defense?
Or is it, on the other hand, better for all these
that a privileged and proud and prejudiced
class should do all the voting, and make and
change and abolish all the constitutions and
laws and rulers for me—me unconsulted but
subject! The ballot being both the highest fran-
chise and highest defense of a freeman, ought a
free citizen who endures all the burdens of his
Government be by it denied its highest means
of defense merely because he is dark or light,
poor or rich, high or lowly? Sir, 1 tell you that
it is precisely true that only questions as plain,
or rather absurd as these, are involved in de-
termining the righteousness of this great meas-
ure. Others may if they will, but I cannot
debate here. It may yet, in this nineteenth
century of our Lord's grace, be a question in
doubt and darkness whether Governments
ought to be contrived and made on purpose
so as to impose upon the poor and lowly its
burdens equally with the high, and then deny
to the former the chiefest means for the res-
cue of themselves and children from being the
poor, lowly, and suffering.
It may be yet, in political science, one of
its unsolved problems whether these poor do not
need their Government's protection as much
as do the opulent, the defenseless as much as
do the powerful, those ready to perish as much
as do the prosperous and mighty. It may be
that the moral sciences which go into the struc-
tures of our Christian civilization have not yet
found out whether it is magnanimous or pusil-
lanimous, honor or dishonor, courage or cow-
ardice, virtue or crime, for the powerful to so
contrive their Government's structure as to
put upon the weak and lowly the common bur-
dens of their Government, and then to take
from them and their children forever that
supremest right of thjir citizenship which best
secures their elevationf defense, and happiness.
But, Mr. Speaker, if these be, indeed, yet ques-
tions in our moral or social or political or
religious or legal science, or in any other
science, which are unsolved, then itsnon-solu-
tion turns that science, where such questions
are unknown things, into the monstrous, and
we turn away from arguing them, not as we do
when invited to prove that things equal to the
same thing are equal to each other, with the
sense that our reason has been insulte-d by the
invitation, but we turn away from their argu-
ment with the feeling that our very instincts
of honor and manhood have been outraged by
the invitation to such debate.
Mr, Speaker, the argument which is to make
it and to keep it forever part of the foundation
law of the Republic, that all its virtuous
children shall be to it equals, is the argument
that this is right. In the light of such an argu-
ment all others of expediency or convenience
pale and disappear. He knows little of the
resistless currents of our national mind and
heart who sees not that that which is a wr<?ng
to those vast masses of our countrymen who
are most of all in need of their rights is to be
swept away speedily and forever by the con-
science of our people and age.
Mr. Speaker, I have alluded to the righteous-
ness of this great measure rather for the pur-
pose of saying that its ultimate adoption by the
States is certain, than to show that it is right
or that we ought to pass it through Congress.
Sir, I not only do not doubt its ultimate adop-
tion, but [also believe it-will be speedily adopted.
I know that good men hesitate and fear that
this measure is premature and out of time; and
that it will turn this Government's control over
into the hands of its recent " public enemies."
Mr. Speaker, I do not expect such results; but
if they come from our advocacy of a measure
so plainly just to all the people, then it will not
be our wrong, but our opponent's, which shall
bring the disaster. Besides, sir, the great party
of liberty which has saved the Republic during
its last decade, and which Eas also ruled it, can-
not pause, if it would, here. If, indeed, ruin
be ahead if we advance in the discharge of this
high duty now, yet both ruin and dishonor lie
in retreat. If it be so that part of that great
army of liberty which has just rescued and re-
deemed the Government has turned craven
and timid and will desert and retreat as its
old comrades go forward in obedience to im-
perious duty, so, on the other hand, will other
parts of it desert should we now hesitate or
turn back in retreat. Mr. Speaker, it is abso-
lutely plain that for the Republican party ot
America to-day the path of safety is the path
of duty. All the instincts of our common loves
of liberty, equality, and fair play; all the mem-
ories, histories, and glories of our great party
of freedom ; all the senses of magnanimity, of
chivalry, justice, and merest decency, which
make us revolt at robbing the lowly and their
children of those rights and franchises of free-
men to which they are entitled as much as we,
and which they need far more than we, tell us
where that path of duty is. Nay, nay, Mr.
Speaker—God, who made of one blood all the
nations—God whomaketh it so that righteous-
ness exalteth a nation—God who careth for his
poor as he doth for his sparrow; God hath
shown us which way goes the path of this na-
tion's duty. To go in it is virtue, honor, and
success. To go from it is crime, dishonor, and
overwhelming disaster and defeat.
But, Mr. Speaker, I have no fears of disor-
ganization and defsat. The Republican party
was never more compact in its purposes, its
organization, and all its moral forces than to-
day. It means success. It will consummate *
speedily its sublime mission in making equal
in the political rights of freemen all the citizens
of the Republic whom it has just made equal
in their civil privileges. Such are its purposes.
Its ability to consummate them is seen in that
near half a million cf majority by which it has
just selected the Chief Magistrate of the Re-
public. And, sir, I see in that magistrate's
incoming administration many and high prom-
ises of prosperity and of good for the Republic;
and as not the least of these I see assurance
of the success of the constitutional amendment
if such assurance were needed. That, admin-
istration will not (as it ought not to) obtrude
itself into the control of policies or questions
which belong to the people. But, sir, he knows
little of the forces which influence and guide
and at times control the currents of the popular
mind and heart who makes no account of the
silent but potent moral power which even the
known opinions and wishes of a great and re-
vered and virtuous ruler have upon papular
decisions in public affairs. Who can compute
the force of the advice or even opinions of our
early Presidents or of Mr. Lincoln, in popular
decisions? And who affirms that these men
improperly obtruded executive dictations into
the affairs of the people? Or who will say
that General Grant has not to-day upon the
confidence, the gratitude, and the love of the
people a hold beginning to be only second to
W ashington ?
Sir, men tell us that this strange apparition
which hasstalked so suddenly—a colossus—iuto
