1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
their suits, or to prosecute them in the Federal
courts, because tiiey are not citizens of differ-
ent States ; because the defense that they wish to
make does not arise under the authority of any
law oi Congress or the Constitution, but arises
under a principle as old as the common law is,
und that, is, simply, that the carrier has lost
his goods because a public enemy or the act
til (j\d intervened; and that is the whole of
Ins dt-reuse that is referred to in this bill. Now,
what have the Federal courts to do with such
a question as that, any more than the State
courts?
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
ot the Chair to call up the order of the day,
which is the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator who
has the unfinished business in charge to let it
lay aside informally until we dispose of this
bill, or at least until I can make a remark
which will vanish unless I make it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business can be laid aside informally, if
there be no objection. No objection being
made, the Senator from New York will pro-
ceed.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg, now, to direct the
attention of the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont to thepoiut which, because he was some-
what, impatient of interruption, I was not able to
biing clearly to his own apprehension and to my
own. He makes no objection to an act of Con-
gress operating upon citizens of the same State
which allows one of the parties to set up as a
defense an act done underthelaws of the United
States. That proposition he clearly conceded,
and that proposition 1 think it is too late for any
lawyer to deny. What 1 sought to present to him
was this : the fact to be set up by these defend-
ants is not the military disorder at all. On the
contrary, it is a complex fact, a complex de-
fense, a large part of which must be made out
by the laws and the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. The Senator will see that such a
defense at once gives rise to the question which
has been so largely discussed in Miss Sue Hur-
plit-y's case, what were the dimensions, what
was the character of the war ? There the Con-
stitution of the United States comes in : there
acts ot Congress come in ; there enabling acts
vesting the President with power to do what he
did come in ; and thus you see that while it is
not technically the case already provided for,
of an officer or a citizen acting under the
authority of the United States, and therefore
permitted to defend himself in the courts of
the United States even againsta citizen of his
own State, it is still the case of a defense
arising partially or totally under the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States.
The honorable Senator says the simple ques-
tion was whether he lost his property m con-
sequence of the interposition of the public
enemy. Certainly ; but, how is that question
to be determined ? By ascertaining the char-
acter of that enemy ; by ascertaining whether,
in truth, he was pro hacvice a public enemy,
so as at common law to exempt a common
carrier deprived by his interposition of his
goods, flow, do you arrive at that? By appeal-
ing to the whole body of the laws which we
have passed governing the question; appealing
first, to the Constitution of the United States,
and, i-econd, to all the exercised powers of
Congress derived in that regard from thut Con-
stitution.
Now, I beg to ask the honorable Senator
again what the distinction is in point of princi-
ple? Under the laws as they stand one party
is sued for an arrest. If he can spell a defense
out of the laws of the United States he is per-
mitted to transfer his cause to the courts of
the United States. That case does not, tech-
nically, embrace this. Here is a party about
to be visited with what he says is changed by
the laws of the United States from a liabiliry
into a calamity for whhdi he is not to blame.
May he not, go into the Federal courts and set
up by the same reasoning his defense; and if
not, why not ? Certainly not to my apprehen- j
sion for any reason assigned by the honorable j
Senator from Vermont. |
I agree with him that it is the accident of
these cases that the parties upon whom, in
truth, this is to operate are citizens of different
States. The bill is not confined to that, and
therefore upon such a demurrer as he makes
to it we are bound to consider it as a bill
operating upon citizens of the same State,
opposing parties to the same litigation ; and
confining it, as he does now, for the purpose
of testing this question, to that case, I repeat
again, as it seemed to me in committee, that
I see no reason for saying that we have not
the power to allow these parties to set up
their defense, under the laws and Constitution
of the United States, in the same forum into
which we have invited parties whose defense
no more arises under the laws of the United
States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 23, nays 10; no quorum voting.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us have another
division.
Mr. CONKLING. There is a quorum here-;
let us divide again.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is a matter of im-
portance, and I call for the yeas and nays.
We shall get a quorum in that way.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President 
Mr. IIOWE. If this bill is going to lead to
further debate I must insist, on the order of the
day.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What is the question ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOWE. I have no objection to the vote
being taken if the Senate is ready to vote; but
if it is to lead to further debate, I think I ought
to insist upon the Senate proceeding to the con-
sideration of the order of the day.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not propose to de-
bate the bill; but I wish to ask the Senator
from New York, who seems to understand it,
for a little further information. According to
the bill, provision is made that the act iela-
ting to the habeas corpus and regulating judi-
cial proceedings in certain cases, approved
March 3,1863, Ll so far as relates to removal of
causes from the State to the Federal courts,
be and the same is hereby declared to extend
to any suit or action at law, or prosecution,
civil or criminal," &c. The act to which this
bill refers provides for certain proceedings to
remove a cause, which are inapplicable to a
case described in this bill. According to that
law a person who has performed an act under
the authority of the United States, if he is
sued in a State court, may go before that court,
and by petition representing that fact, to which
is appended his affidavit, he may remove the
cause into a Federal court. Now, what sort
of petition or affidavit is a person who is sued
under the provisions of this bill to make under
that statute? It seems to me the statute is
inapplicable, and the bill will be inoperative if
it is passed. I only desire information from the
Senator from New York on the subject.
Mr. CONKLING. I had no very special
understanding of this bill, except that many
persons in the State of New York are inter-
ested in it, having suffered very much in the
way I have described. My understanding ja
that the petition in this case would set forth, in
the language of the bill, that such loss or dam-
age has been occasioned by the acts of those
engaged in hostility to the Government of the
United States during the late rebellion, or that
the loss was occasioned by the forces of the
United States or an officer in command of such
forces. I understand that would be the grava-
men of the petition in this case, as under the
original bill the gravamen of the petition ha9
usually been that, the acts were done under the
warrant or order of the President of the U uited
States.
The question being taken by yeas and nays;
resulted—yeas 82, nays 10 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Backalew, Cam-
eron, Cattell. Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Ferry, Fre-
linerhuysen, Harlan,Ilarris, Howard, Howe, Kellogg,
McDonald. Morrill ot Vermont, Morton, Nye, Ponie-
i'oy, Rice, Uoss,Sawyer,Sherman. Sprague, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Van Winkle, Viekeis, Wade, and
Whyte—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Cole, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, 13d-
iminds, MoUreery, Norton, Trumbull, Williams, and
Wilson-—10.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Chandlor, Conness,
Drake, Fessenden, Fowler,Grimes, Henderson, Hend-
ricks, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Osborn. Patterson
ot New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Pool,
Ramsey, Robertson, Saulsbnry, Spenccr, Tipton,
Warner, Welch, Willey, and Yatos—24.
So the bill was passed.
>1
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, bjMr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 941)
to amend certain acts in relation to the Navy
and Marine corps, asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. F. A. Pike, of Maine';
Mr. T. E. Stewart, of New York; and Mr.
Stevenson Archer, of Maryland, managers
at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 1673) to
relieve William H. Bagley, of Wake county, !►
North Carolina, of his political disabilities.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following resolution ; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
Resolved. (the Senate concurring,) That so much
of the Capitol as is hereinafter mentioned begranted
to the committee of control in which to conduct the
inaugural pioeeedings,other than official, ofPresident
and vice President, on the 4th of March next, to wit:
the Rotunda, the old Hall of Representxtives, the
Senate corridors and Senate public reception room,
tho passages leading thenee to the Rotunda and old
Hall, and so much of the basement not used by the
committees as may be required ; the Senate Cham-
ber, Hall of Representatives, committee-rooms, and
all other parts of the building to bo olosed to the
public, except tho east entrance to the Senate; tho
occupation not to take place until alter the official
inausuratLori, and tho building to remain all the
time in charge of and under tho control of tho Ser-
geants-at-Arms of the two Houses of Congress,
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating an estimate of appro-
priation for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
certain bands of Ute Indians, under treaty of
2d March, 1868, for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1870; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
house btlt referred.
The bill (IT. R. No. 1673) to relieve William
H. Bagley, of Wade county, North Carolina,
of his political disabilities, was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
miss sue mtopuby.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
of the day is the bill (S. No. 625) for the relief
of Miss Sue Murphey, of Decatur, Alabama.
That bill is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole, and the Senator from Oregon
[Mr. williams] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
interrupt the Senator from Oregon for a single
moment. A week ago I presented resolutions
from the Legislature of the State of Vermont
in relation to the subject of reciprocity in trade
with the British provinces, and not being dis-
posed at that time to interrupt the business of
the Senate, I gave notice that I would call tip
those resolutions to-day at one o'clock for the
purpose of occupying the time of the Senate
with some remarks in relation to them; audi
supposed then that I had the acquiescence of
the Senate in that course. 1 supposed it would
be agreeable to the Senate to bear me to-day.
Now, I desire either to have the case of Sue
Murphey go over until to-morrow or to have
an understanding that to-morrow after the
business of the morning hoar I shall have the
