100
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 29,
Ho. of Reps.
Suffrage—Mr. Hamilton.
40th Cong....3d Sbss.
the arena of human affairs, and who challenges
the wonder and admiration of mankind, is in-
comprehensible, delphic, unknown, silent. Sir,
the patriot whose life has been on his country's
side is ever comprehended by the people. The
incoming President is not, perhaps, an orator
"as Brutus is;" but he is to his countrymen
not "The silent." He hath spoken to them in
speech which they comprehend right well;
speech where the sentences are wars, the words
campaigns, the syllables battles, and the very
letters victories; deeds which as they have
fallen one by one from that strange hand of
iron and of destiny have dropped into the story
of his country, epochs, and of the world—history.
It is these utterances of General Grant's life,
all unambigous, patriotic, illustrious, that make
him not only not uncomprehended by his coun-
trymen, but the most comprehended of his
country, of his age, and, indeed, of his century.
And it is these which have given to him that
place in the confidence, the gratitude, and love
of his people which will give to his administra-
tion moral forces with the people like those
possessed by his first and most illustrious pre-
decessor. These forces will be exercised, as I
have said, in no other way than that expressly
provided for by the Constitution, as recom-
mendations for the consideration of Congress
and the people who make the Congress, or else
by those silent but sublime persuasions which
the wishes and example and opinions of a good
and wise ruler ever exert upon a people who
regard him with admiration, confidence, and
gratitude.
General Grant's earnest, cordial, and anxious
support of an amendment which shall secure
to all the virtuous citizens of the Republic
equality in all the benefits of their Govern-
ment, including the elective franchise, is open,
avowed, and unambiguous; and the constitu-
tional amendment will have the moral sanction
and support of his administration in so far as
such support would be proper.
Mr. Speaker, the success of the amendment
is not therefore in doubt. Once submitted this
word of a great people, uttered in accord with
th e attributes of God, will be like His word—one
that cannot return unto ua void, but " will ac-
complish that whereunto it was sent." Because
the measure is in itselfintrinsically and evidently
just, all the attributes and energies of good
. men throughout the world will fight on its side;
because it is just the very elements and forces
of our common Christianity and civilization
will fight on its side; because it is jnst all that
is true and good in the science and the litera-
ture of our age will fight for it. And, sir, if
I be not mistaken in deeming the measure just,
then I am not irreverent in saying that the at-
tributes of God will fight on its side.
Here, sir, I leave the debate, confident that
by the sublime fiat of the people it shall soon
be enacted into unchangeable and organic law
of the Republic that ail her children who are
equal in their virtue and fealty shall be equals
also in their country's protection and care,
and equals in their powers for its government
and preservation.
Suffrage.
SPEECH OF HON. C.M.HAMILTON,
01? FLORIDA,
In the House of Representatives,
January 29, 1869,
On thcjoint resolution (II. It. No. 402) proposing an
amendment to tho Constitution of tho United
States.
Mr. HAMILTON. Mr. Speaker, in the
performance of a pleasing duty it was my for-
tune to present to this House, in July last, a
memorial from the constitutional convention
of I'lorida, praying Congress to propose an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States establishing equal and uniform suffrage
in all the States of the Union. That memo- •
rial was referred to the Committee on'the Ju-
diciary, and I shall be more than gratified if it
was at ail instrumental in urging, less encour-
aging, that distinguished committee to report
the amendment, having for its aim the accom-
plishment of that high object which was so
powerfully sustained by its distinguished chair-
man, the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,] in a speech as
remarkable for its convincing argument, com-
prehension, and ability, as for its eloquent
breathings of devotion to the rights of man.
I have listened with peculiar gratification and
attention to the many able, earnest speeches in
support of and against this great measure, and
although enough has been said already to con-
vince the most opposite mind of its justice,
wisdom, and necessity, and impel the most
obdurate heart to its cordial support, I beg leave
to add my feeble voice in furtherance of this
noble movement in the cause, not only of
humanity, but also of human administration
and republican government. The law, the
authority under the Constitution, the duty and
expediency upon which thissuffrageamendment
finds its solid support, has been so thoroughly
and ably presented—and I gladly leave that
phase of the question to wiser heads—that it
will be my endeavor, briefly and imperfectly as
I shall, to present the justice, right, necessity,
and obligation upon which it finds no less sub-
stantial foundation.
Mr. Speaker, it is the fortune of the Ameri-
can people to live under a government exclu-
sively, entirely, resting upon and administered
by their own free will. To execute that will,
to secure its free expression by the citizen, to
insure the personal security of the individual
and the safety of his possessions and to pro-
tect his rights and immunities is the great ob-
ject of this Government; and because of these,
its grand purposes, it is happily denominated
a "republican form of government." And
to perpetuate this form of government, "we,
the people of the United States, in order to
form a more perfect union, establish justice,
insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the
common defense, promote the general welfare,
and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves
and our posterity," do make it solemnly oblig-
atory upon the United States, the General
Government, the Congress, "to guaranty to
every State in this Union a republican form
of government," and to "thecitizens of each
State all privileges and immunities of citizens
of the several States."
It is unnecessary to ask if all the require-
ments of the Government have been observed,
all the obligations of th® nation adhered to, all
the demands of the people answered, all their
rights respected, and all their liberties, priv-
ileges, and immunities guarantied to them.
Has the nation been just to itself; has the
Government been true to the principles of its
creation; have the States conformed their legis-
lation to the expressed will of " we, the people
of the United States," in securing the personal
rights and liberties of all " citizens of the Uni-
ted States" and of every integral portion of
our population? We are astouaded by the
answer that there are upward of two hundred
thousand of our fellow-American citizens whose
right of suffrage has been not only ignored, but
denied them. No, not denied—for that would
suppose an option of a gift on the part of the
Legislature, State or national—but deprived
them; an indication of something unjustly,
illegally withheld, which I mean to convey by
the assertion that the right of suffrage is in-
herent, inalienable, as far as human govern-
ment is concerned, and by easy inference is so
declared to be by the Declaration of Inde-
pendence.
The fathers ofour Republic, speaking through
that sacred oracle of our liberty, assert, and
none are so bold to deny it, that "we hold
these truths to be self-evident, that all men are
created equal; that they are endowed by their
Creator with certain inalienable rights ; that
among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness." Life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness are here made the three grand
divisions of inalienable human rights or the
purposes of man's temporal existence. The ob-
ject of civil government being to secure and
maintain these inalienable endowments of the
Creator to man, is it not apparent that the right
of suffrage, the right to a voice in the govern- •
mentby which almost every human aet is regu-
lated, closely underlies these great objeets of
our creation ? Without the elective franchise ;
without a voice in the making of laws by which
he is controlled and to which he is amenable ;
without an option as to who shall administer
them or how they shall be administered, what
insurance has a man of his life, what security
for his liberties, what protection in his pur-
suit of happiness? If this seems strongly
drawn it is only because we live in an enlight-
ened Christian age and country, and are a
moral, generous people.
But that does not alter the facts or the argu-
ment. And here, may I ask, what is the best'
policy in political affairs as well as in all others ?
Honesty all would answer. Yet when it comes
to the rub and evil looks threatening we are
often ready to doubt the universal application
of the maxim that "honesty is thebest policy
and many who admit its correctness in theory
do not always have the courage to practice it
in trying circumstances. Such was the case
with the men who nominated General Grant
and our distinguished Speaker. The men of
that convention, unless they would not see,
could not fail to see an attempted mixture of
truth and error in the second resolution of their
platform. They could not say that " the guar-
antee by Congress of equal suffrage to all men
is demanded bv every consideration of" right
and duty as well as of "public safety, of grati-
tude, and of justice." They could not admit
Congress had the same right to regulate suf-
frage in one State as it had in another. It is
true that in reconstructing the rebel States
Congress was bound to see to it that it was
done according to the principles of republican
government, and done at the time they were
being organized and not afterward. And fur-
ther, Congress could do no more or less than
to act according to its own convictions of what
was essential to republican government. When
the question is raised as to the anti-republican
character of any State government Congress is
bound to take up the question and decide it
according to its own judgment.
According to a rigid interpretation of our
present Constitution—the clause which enjoins
the guarantee of a republican form of govern-
ment—members could not be admitted to seats
here from some of the States, States in which
a large class of citizens are deprived of the
elective franchise, because I hold it to be an
essential principle of republican government
that representative officers " shall be freely
chosen by the people from among themselves.''
And where numerous citizens are disfranchised,
as in Maryland, Kentucky, Ohio, and Penn-
sylvania, it is not the people but a class who
chooses, an aristocracy, or anything you may
choose to call it. The rebellion has stirred up
reflection; it has led to an examination of the
old landmarks and opened a road to reforma-
tion. The Convention of 1787, alarmed by
threatened evil, abandoned the old maxim that
"honesty is the best policy" and continued
the African slave trade for twenty years, when
they could have made it piracy then as well as
at the end of that time. So now, while we are
advancing in reformation and undergoing re-
construction, while the public mind is in a con-
dition to receive new thoughts, may be, and
wholesome impressions and changes, iu this age
of gigantic advancement, which it may not be
in when the public pulse becomes settled after
the "peaceful" incomingadministration, let us
