THE €0NGEJESS10NAL GLOBE.
January 13,
User upon-those resolutions, J am willing to
give way now with the understanding that I
sball have the floor to morrow.
- Mr. POME ROY. When there is an under-
standing I should like to know who are parties
to it. I found the other day that we got into
difficulty because a few individuals had made
some sort of understanding among themselves
about the floor and those in my vicinity did
not know anything about it.
Mr. MORRILL, -of Vermont. This was an
arrangement made a week ago, when I sup-
posed the Sue Murphey case would be dis-
posed of.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is regularly before
/ihe Senate.
W . .Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not propose to say
Touch upon, a bill that has been so exhaust-
ively discussed as the bill now before flie Sen-
ate. I have been familiar with this case from
the time it was presented to Congress, and I,
-have found some difficulty in reaching a satis-
factory conclusion. My sympathies are all on
one side, while the dictates of my judgment
le.ad me to the other side. I have no doubt
whatever as to the law of this case. If Sue
Murphey could bring a suit against the United
.States to rccovcr tho value of the property
taken as described in her bill, under the law
f of nations and the decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States it is perfectly clear
that she would be defeated. Any court would
b,e bound to hold that under the circumstances
of this case no legal liability attached to the
Government. When the rebellion broke out
the eleven States concerned, as organized po-
litical bodies, combined together and formed a
confederate government; each State also had
a scpurulc and independent government; and
these organized political bodies, as States, made
war upon the Federal Government. Citizens
residing within the jurisdiction of these de
faclo governments partook of their character;
and if they were belligerent toward the Uni-
ted States the citizens under those govern-
ments occupied the same attitude.
Objection is made to this view of the case on
the ground that certain persons who reside
within the rebel States entered into the Union
Army and fought for the Government of the
Union; but that objection has no force to
weaken the law applicable to the question.
Suppose that a war should occur between the
United States and Great Britain, and an army
of this country should invade Canada, and cer-
tain citizens of that portion of tha British
empire should attach themselves to the Ameri-
can Army, would that fact prove that the Uni-
ted States had not a perfect legal right to treat
the citizens of Canada as enemies to the Uni-
ted States on the grouud that the Government
within whose jurisdiction they resided and the
country in which they lived were at war with
this country ? Congress might, under such cir-
cumstances, extend any favor it saw proper,
to any individual or individuals in the Army
of the United States invading Canada, but
it would be altogether a matter of grace; but
if in the judgment of the authorities of this
country it was necessary for the purpose of
prosecuting the war to treat all the citizens of
that country as enemies, there is no doubt, as
it seems to me, upon the law of nations, that
this Government would have a right to pursue
that course. All that Congress may do favor-
able or friendly to the people of the rebel
States, as I have always contended since the
rebellion was conquered, is a matter of favor;
and I have denied and do deny that the citi-
zens of that portion of the country, those who
were under the confederate States government,
andcitizens of the so-called confederate States
during the war, have any right to dernand any-
thing at the hands of the Government of this
country. All our proceedings from the begin-
ning of the war up to the restoration of these
States go upon that ground. When General
Grant bombaided Vieksburg he made no 4is-
tinetion between the loyal and digloyal inhab-
itants of that eity■;. all alike were killed ; all
alike had their property destroyed; not be-
cause it was desirable to pursue that course,
but because the imperious necessities of war
required that policy to be. pursued in order to
secure triumph to the Union arms.
. When Congress proceeded to reorganize these
rebel States it provided military governments
for each one of them by which the constitu-
tional rights that citizens of this country en-
joyed elsewhere were denied to the people of
•those States. Nobody, it seems to me, can
claim that this property was protected by that
clause of the Constitution which says that pri-
vate property shall not be taken for public use
without just compensation, for all the provis-
ions of the Constitution, that as well as others,
that as well as those provisions securing the
right of trial by jury or the right to the writ
of habeas corpus, were inoperative in that local-
ity, and it was left to the absolute discretion of
the men who commanded our armies to bill
such persons and destroy such property as in
their judgment was necessary to conquer the
rebellion and restore the authority of the Uni-
ted Slates. - Iidcr arma silent leges is a rule
as old as organized government; and if there
ever was a time and place where that rule ought
to obtain it was in the rebel States when they
were carrying forward a gigantic war for the
purpose of overthrowing the Government and
destroying the integrity of this country.
When the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mor-
ton] propounded a question yesterday to this
effect, ought not a loyal person in the State of
Alabama whose property is taken for the pur-
poses of this war to be paid in the same way
as a person in the State of New York whose
property is taken for the purposes of this war
under the same circumstances? it was said that
tho inquiry suggested a conclusive argument in
support of this claim. Now, sir, I make this
answer: no property could be taken in the
State of New York during the rebellion for war
purposes under the same circumstances as prop-
erty was taken in the State of Alabama for such
purposes. The fallacy lies in the unfounded
assumption that the circumstances attending
property in the State of New York were like
the circumstances surrounding property in the
State of Alabama. Property in the State of
New York was underthe piotection of the Con-
stitution and the laws of the United States,
while property in the State of Alabama, in con-
sequence of the rebellion, was not under the
protection of the Constitution and laws of the
United States. When, therefore, property in
the State of New York was taken by the Gov-
ernment for the purpose of prosecuting the war,
a I^gal liability attached to the Government to
pay for that property j but when property was
taken in the State of Alabama, a State at war
with the Federal Government, no such legal
liability attached.
Moreover, sir, it is to be remembered that
the citizens of the State of New York contrib-
uted of their money in the shape of taxes and
otherwise to the support of the Government in
the prosecution of the war; every person in
the State of New Y'ork was compelled by law
to contribute to the prosecution of the war;
while in the State of Alabama every citizen
contributed to the rebellion against the Gov-
ernment. Law could take the property of cit-
izens of New York, in the shape of taxes and
otherwise to maintain the Government, while
every cent which the Government obtained in
the State of Alabama to support its cause was
necessarily obtained by force of arms.
Assuming, then, Mr. President, that the Con-
stitution of the country and the laws of nations
do not impose any legal obligation upon the
Federal Government to pay for this property,
I ask how does the claioi stand upon other
grounds? While I was a member of the Com-
mittee_ on Claims I was made the organ of that
committee to reject a claim which I will now
describe. Somewhere in the State of Virginia,
I think, neat the city of Norfolk, a woman who
•w&s a true Union woman was suspected by the
rebels of conveying valuable .information to
the Union Army, in consequence of which her
husband was killed, her house and furniture
were burned by the rebels, and she and her
little family were turned homeless and penni-
less upon the world. She made application to
Congress to pay her for her house and furni-
ture, so that she might have somethinsL with
which to assist in supporting herself agp her
dependent family, but it was the unanimous
judgment of the committee that the claim
could not be recognized. Every one can see
that to have recognized that claim would have
opened a door to millions upon millions of
claims against the Government of the United
States. I affirm, however, that every argu-
ment which has been adduced here to support
the claim of Sue Murphey can be adduced to
support the claim of this Virginia woman.
One is, and I believe it is the one upon which
the Senator from Wisconsin chiefly relies, that
the Government of the United States is bound
to protect its citizens. Was not this Virginia
woman a citizen of the United States? Was
not the Government as much bound to protect,
and preserve her property as to protect and
preserve the property of any other citizen in
the rebel States? Manifestly, if the correct-
ness of the claim in question be put upon that
ground, it would require the Government to
pay the claim of this Virginia woman and all
similar claims, for the Government-did not
protect her in the possession of her property,
notwithstanding she wasacitizen of the United
States.
Another argument that has been adduced
here, and it has been repeated with very many
impressive embellishments, is that the loyal
people of the South, in view of the circum-
stances by which they were surrounded, are
entitled not only to praise but to favor at the
hands of the Government. Now, sir, I ask if
any case can be found where a woman in the
southern States displayed more heroism and
more devotion to the country than this Virginia
woman ; and though conspicuous in that re-
spect her claim was unanimously rejected by
the Committee on Claims.
Something has been said about the circum-
stances of Miss Sue Murphey for tho purpose
of commending her to the favorable considera-
tion of the Senate ; but if she, a young and
handsome woman, it may be without property,
but with other bright prospects in life, is enii-
tled to the sympathy of the Senate, how much
stronger is the claim of that afflicted and pen-
niless widow with her children dependent on
her for support? No appeal to sympathy was
of any avail in that case.
Some effort lias been made to create a dis-
tinction between property deliberately taken
and property taken in another way for the pur-
pose of prosecuting the war. I think that is a
distinction without a difference. Suppose while
General Grant %vas investing the city of Vieks-
burg it was necessary to tear down houses or
destroy fields of grain in order to erect his bat-
teries, was that property deliberately taken ?
Suppose that the Union Army during the war
were compelled to cut down forests fcr the
purpose of supplying themselves with fuel, was
thatproperty deliberately taken? Suppose that
in the pursuit of or retreat from the enemy the
Union Army was compelled to seize horses,
wagons, boats, or other means of conveyance,
was that property deliberately taken ? Many
railroads in the southern States, millions of
dollars' worth, I presume, of railroad property
ia the southern States was destroyed by the
Union armies to prevent the retreat or the
pursuit of a rebel force. Was that property
deliberately destroyed or not ?
Sir, no distinction of that nature can be made
between the different kinds of property and the
circumstances under which it was taken and
destroyed. Pass this bill and put it upon that
ground and you open a door to the Treasury
which can never be closed until the nation is
brought to the verge of hopeless bankruptcy.
Millions of property were destroyed in the
