1869.
TEE GONGHESSIOKAIi GLOBE,
South by means df the emancipation proclama-
tion. Slaves were as much property in law as
horses and cattle. Suppose that a Union man
whose whole property was invested in slaves
joined the Union Army and.was killed in battle
and the emancipation proclamation left his
widow and children without a eent in the world;
is not that a case where property was deliber-
ately (aken by the Government, and are not the
circumstances such as to appeal to our warmest
sympathies? It has been by a constitutional
amendment declared that no compensation
shall be made to those who were slaveholders
in the South for the emancipation of their
slaves; and from that I argue that the people of
this country have decided this question. They
have decided that there is to be no distinction
between loyal and disloyal people in the South
as to their claims, for that constitutional amend-
ment cuts off the claims of loyal men to their
property in the same way as it destroys the
claim of disloyal men to their property in the
southern States. That question has been pre-
sented to the people of thisftountry, and they
have deliberately affirmed the doctrine that
there shall be no recognition of such claims by
the General Government. I know a distinc-
tion can be made on moral grounds between
that and other kinds of property; but there
were loyal men in the South and loyal families
■who suffered as much in consequence of the
emancipation of their slaves as Sue Murphey
suffered by the destruction of her house.
It has been said, for the purpose of produc-
ing effect I suppose, that to reject this claim
is to treat the petitioner and others who stand
upon the same ground as public enemies. Sir,
I deny the correctness of that proposition. I
sympathize with the loyal people of the South
who have suffered in consequence of this re-
bellion. I am willing to go as far as I reason-
ably can to repair the losses which they have
sustained ; but when I say to Sue Murphey
that I cannot vote for her claim I simply say
to her that she must abide by the calamities
and misfortunes of the war that have fallen
upon her as the orphans and widows, childless
fathers and mothers of the North, must abide
by afflictions brought upon them by the war.
That is all that is said in refusing to pay
this claim. War was raging in the State of
Alahama, and Sue Murphey suffered by the
presence of that war like thousands of other
people everywhere in every part of the south-
ern States ; and to reject this claim is simply
to affirm that she must abide by the circum-
stances in which this wicked and unhappy war
left her and the other people of this country.
Sir, how stands the account? Compare the
sacrifices and sufferings of the loyal States for
the Government with the sacrifices and suffer-
ings made by the disloyal States for the same
purpose during the war. More than a million
men were taken from active labor and fiom
their usual avocations in the North and put
into the field to fight the battles for the Gov-
ernment, while low down in the thousands may
be found the number of those in the disloyal
States who assisted in fighting those battles.
More than two hundred thousand brave men
who entered the Army from the northern
States now sleep in bloody graves, who fell in
fighting the battles of the country, while com-
paratively few sleep by their sides who enlisted
into the Army from the southern States. Look
at the contributions of means and money made
during the existence of the war; compare the
millions and tens of millions that were poured
into the public Treasury from the northern
States with the amount that was put into the
public Treasury from the States arrayed in
hostility to the Government. Take these
amounts and strike the balance, and tell me if
the people in the North—the tax-payers and
those who fought the battles and sustained the
burdens—ought now to be made to contribute
their means to repair the losses which were
occasioned to the southern people by their
rebellion against the Government?
Sir, if this claim is allowed and the prece-
dent established, it will necessarily follow, in
my judgment, that millions of dollars will Ire
paid to people in the South on whose skirts is
the blood of your murdered sons and brothers..
I cannot, of course, form any accurate opinion
as to the number: but I venture to say that
thousands of men in the South contributed to
create that sectional • feeling of hatred which
developed itself in the rebellion, and when the
clash of arms came they retired and occupied
a neutral position during the war. . Sueh men
can, of course, succeed in proving that they
were loyal during the struggle, while they aw
a thousahd times more responsible for the re-
bellion than the chivalrie and impetuous'youth
who, under their education and influence, took
up his musket and gallantly fought for what he
supposed to be the rights of the State in which
he was born.
Sir, it will be impossible—and that is a
legitimate argument to employ here—to dis-
tinguish between the friends and the enemies
of the country if you undertake to pay these
claims. Taking the standard of loyalty which
would be set up by iny distinguished friend
from the State of Kentucky, and I will ask how
many of the people of the South would be ex-
cluded from a right to payment of their claims
by his view of the question of loyalty ? Thou-
sands of people in this country say, and I sup-
pose they believe, that the so called abolition
party of the North constituted the disloyal por-
tion of the people, and that the people of the
South wereonly fighting for their constitutional
rights. If those who entertain that view of
the subject, or any view kindred to that, should
obtain the ascendency in Congress—not per-
haps an impossible thing—and they could resort
to such a precedent as this case would estab-
lish, there would be no end to the claims, and
nothing would put a stop to the expenditure
of funds in their payment except the perfect
exhaustion of the Treasury of the country.
I do not wish to do anybody any injustice,
but I have supposed that to some considerable
extent this rebellion demoralized the people,
or a considerable portion of the people of the
southern States. I hear of Ku-Klux organi-
zations and men sympathizing with them. 1
hear of murders committed there in broad
daylight, in the face of the men whose busi-
ness it is to maintain the authority of the law,
and the offenders go '• unwhipped of justice."
I hear of trials there which amount to nothing
but mockery. Now, sir, suppose that a per-
son in the South, considering that this war on
our part was wanton and wicked, and believ-
ing that, all the calamities which were brought
upon the South by its prosecution were the
work of tyranny, and that he is justifiable in
resorting to any means to make himself even
with the Government—suppose that such a
person should prefer a claim against the Fed-
eral Government for property destroyed, how
easy would it be for his Ku-Klux associates,
or those who sympathize with him, or those
who sit upon juries and refuse to convict when
the evidence shows crime in broad daylight, to
prove his loyalty. How easy to establish his
loyalty by the testimony of such persons 1
These men have not, so far as I know, been
particularly scrupulous about the means which
they have employed for the purpose of redress-
ing their supposed grievances. I do not mean
to make this as a general and sweeping charge
against the people of the South; but I say that
the history of the-day places a considerable
portion of that people in this category. Make
this case a precedent, and a cloud of claim
agents will swarm around this Capitol, and the
Government-which was strong enough to
resist all the forces of the great rebellion
would reel and stagger under the weight of its
own rottenness.
Some effort has been made to distinguish
this case from others, on the ground that the
Federal Army occupied the town of Decatur,
in which Miss Sue Murphey lived. Does that
make any difference in respect to the merits
of the claim? Is it true that wherever property
was taken by the Array, in orabout its encamp-
ment, the Government is bound to pay, but
wherever it was taken elsewhere the Government
is exonerated from payment? The Army of the
Union moved from point to point through the-
southern States. At one point it was found
to-day, and there, it is said, if property was
taken,the Government must pay for it;-bat,
to-morrow it moves to another point, and the 
position abandoned becomes rebel territory,
and at the other point, if property was taken,
the Government must pay. What sort of
principle is this to introduce into the adjust-:
merit of claims from the southern Stated?
This property was taken as a part of the mili-
tary operations of the Army of the United-
States to conquer the State of Alabama-and
compel it to submit to the authority of the
United States, and I say that, in my opinion,
the Government is no more liable to pay for'
that property than it would be to pay for the
grass or wheat over which the Army might
inarch in its movements, or to pay for the wood
or ground that it might take or occupy i , its-
encampment, or the structures which itmrght
destroy upon the field of battle.
Much has been said about the manner in
which this property was taken. Military offi-
cers of the Government desired the site of
Sue Murphey's house for a fortification, and
so the property was loru down and destroyed
for that purpose ; and it is argued that thosa
circumstances give the owner a right to com-:
pensation at the hands of the Government.
To illustrate my idea and to show the fallacy
of this position, let me suppose that Miss Sug
Murphey owned a house in one end of the
town of Decatur and Patrick Murphy owned
a house in the other end of the town ; coming
to that town in the prosecution of the war the>
Union Army found it necessary to erect a foist
upon the site of the house owned by Miss
Sue Murphey, and they tear it down and put
up the fort. Soon after a party of the enemy
makes its appearance and protects itself be-
hind the house of Patrick Murphy, and a ball
or some missile hurled from the fort standing
upon the site of Sue Murphey's house at the
enemy destroys the house belonging to Patrick
Murphy. Now, says the distinguished Sen-
ator, the Government must pay Sue Murphey
for her house, but it ought not to pay Patrick
Murphy for his house. Assuming that they
are both loyal citizens, one is as much entitled
to the favor of the Government on that ground
as the other. The property of each was de-
stroyed by the same agency ; the Government
of the U nited States destroys the house of
both persons. They are both destroyed for
the purpose of prosecuting the war; and in
all respects, it seems to me, that the claims
of these two persons stand upon precisely the
same ground. Establish this precedent, and it
will be very easy to extend the range of your
argument, and so we shall go on, step by step,
extending the jurisdiction of Congress over
these claims until the time comes when they-
will all be embraced and all recognized as j
valid against the Government.
1 do not oppose this claim from any feeling
of unkindness to the people of the South, or
any portion of its people. I desire as much as
any man can to see that section of'our country
restored to peace and to prosperity. I wa3
sorry to hear it suggested that if this claim and
similar claims were not allowed by Congress
the loyal men of the South would cease to be
the friends and become the enemies of the
Government. I can hardly persuade myself
that this intimation has been authorized by
any considerable portion of the loyal people
of that country.
Mr. FOWLER. I presume the Senator
from Oregon alludes to me ; if he does, I wish
to correct him.
ijr. WILLIAMS. Tn the remark which I
have just, made I did not allude to the Senator,
I alluded to what was said by another Senator.
I have had a high appreciation of the loyalty
of the loyal men of the South, and I cannot •
convince myself that a loyalty which stood the
ordeal of the rebellion can be destroyed by any
mercenary considerations, whatever the/ may
