1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL '©LOBE
m9
I have never in my experience heard amy
complaint of sneh a restriction on appeals.
If the gentleman from Pennsylvania. f Mr.
Woodward] will reflect further upon this mat-
ter I think he will see the hardship with which
an unlimited allowance of appeals may oper-
ate upon private parties in some cases when it
is taken. advantage of by the Government.
Look at the Court of Claims, where now the
Government can take an appeal in every case
for the mere sake of delay. I saw it stated 4
few days ago that the Government had for the
mere purpose of delay appealed two hundred
cases where judgment had been rendered in
that court against the Government. And in
cases where in the distriets courts a claim is
made against the Government, if the case is
clearly madeoutby thetestimony, and the judge
awards the claim, he should have it in his power
to say that the Government shall not take a
writ of error or appeal for the mere purpose
of delay. But if a question does arise in refer-
ence to the construction of a statute, then an
appeal or wri tof error ought to be taken,
because of the prime necessity of having a
uniform 'construction of our statutes in the
courts of the United States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
upon the pending amendment, and no further
amendment is in order.
Mr. O'Neill's amendment to the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Raxdau,.
Mr. RANDALL. I am very sorry to differ
with my colleague from Philadelphia, [Mr.
O'Neill;] but his amendment would not have
been desirable, because framed with reference
to a special case. I have knowledgeof special
cases. I will say, for the information of the
House, that I know a case where an assessor in
my own city assessed these taxes and subse-
quently became the paid agent of the party
against whom the taxes were assessed, ana
came to this city to get that party relieved from
the payment tof those taxes which he had him-
self assessed. -Now, proceedings of this sort
should be prevented.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's re-
marks are not- in order. The proviso upon
which he is speaking has been voted down.
Mr. IlENJAMIN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the words "into the
Treasury of the United States." It strikesme
those words, if allowed to remain, will in part
defeat the purpose which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has in view. If I understand
him, he wishes to prevent the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue from paying this back,
whether it has been paid into the Treasury or
not. Now, let me say that money once paid
into the Treasury of the United States can-
not be drawn out except by the action of
Congress.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not know that I have
any objection to the gentleman's amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I will suggest to' the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that this money is
paid daily and substantially into the Treasury
of the United States; that is, it is paid into des-
ignated depositories, which is regarded as being
paid into the Treasury of the United States
itself, and the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue is allowed to refund this money. It seems
to me that the language is correct as it now
stands, for it will then cover the money which
is paid substantially into the Treasury of the
United States by being paid into these desig-
nated depositories.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I deny that any money
can be drawn out of the Treasury of the United
States except by force of law-
Mr. ALLISON. The Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue is allowed by law to refund this
money. But I do not object to the amendment
of the gentleman from Slissouri.
Mr. ROOTS. I do not know where ha gets
his authority from, bat I know the Commis-
sioner of Iatern&t- Revenae returns this money
out of the Treasury to these parties.
Mr. BENJAMlH. The gentleman is mis-
taken, for the money is not in the Treasury of
the United States at all.
Mr. Bexjamis's amendment to the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to add to this see-1
tion the words "unless the construction of
this act or any amendment thereof is brought
in issue in any such case."
Mr. Chairman, the object, I think, is to pre-
vent appeals and writs of error where there is
nothing bnt an issue of fact tried by the dis-
trict court and a jury, or by the district court
waiving a jury, under the law as it now stands.
The amendment is not open to the objection
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Woodward,] for it allows an appeal or
writ of error in every case where there is a
question of law. It is manifestly improper that
appeals should be taken where there is noth-
ing hut a question of fact decided by a jury in
the district court. The section as it now stands
cuts off all writs of error and allows an appeal
where there is a question as to the construction
statute, and manifestly should be, because it
should be settled by the courts of the United
States and by the courts of highest resort in
the United States, There is no mode of set-
tlement by the present bill, and each district
judge may make a decision, so that there may
be as many constructions as there are different
judges. Without this addition there can be
no such uniformity of decision as there should
be under this statute.
Mr. WOODWARD. The amendment which
the gentleman now proposes is less objection-
able than that my colleague originally brought
forward, but, as I understand it, there is no
necessity for this limitation.
Mr. JENCKES; I ask that the amendment
be again read, so that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania may see exactly what it proposes to
accomplish.
The amendment and the amendment to the
amendment were again read.
Mr. WOODWARD. I have no particular
objection to the amendment of the gentleman
from Rhode Island, though I do not like it.
He says it is for the purpose of keeping out of
the Supreme Court cases appealed on iratters
of fact. Cases cannot go to the Supreme Court
on appeal on questions of fact unless, indeed,
it be in the chancery jurisdiction of the other
courts. The Supreme Court of the United
States is a court of errors and appeals and can
only try them by the record. The record brings
tip the law of the case, and if the facts come
up it is only as part of the record.
Mr. JENCKES. The limitation of $2,000
takes the case to the Supreme Court now, under
the law.
Mr. WOODWARD. All I contend for is
that this shall be left to the ordinary course of
judiciary action. If the courts are to have any-
thing to do with these cases let them take the
ordinary course.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope my colleague will
propose an amendment so that we may know
what it is he wishes.
Mr. WOODWARD. I am satisfied wish the
pending amendment as it is proposed to be
amended.
Mr. Jexckes's amendment to the amend-
ment was agreed to: andMr. Raxoai.t.'samend-
ment, as amended, was then adopted.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend section
one hundred and nineteen by inserting after
the word "enrollment," in line thirty-three,
the words '■ or measurement."
The.amendoietit was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. J ask unanimous consent
to amend section ninety-four by striking out
the following s
Until I ho 1st day of Awfil, 1S89. After the 1st day
of April, 1809. all cigars of every de.«crii<tio* shall be
taken to hare been either manufactured oriinported
after (Uo i>n& ?e of this swt, and shall be stamped
accordingly; and any person who shall sell, or offer
for sale, after the 1st day of April, 1869.
And by insertingin lieu thereof the follow-
ing: ■ • •
Any person who shall use or offer for sale after the
passage of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask consent to farther
amend by striking'out sections ninety-six and
ninety-seven, as follows : i
Sec. 98. And be it further enacted, That if toy (lis-
ting-, reetjfier, wholesale licjaor dealer, compounder
of liquors, or manufacturer of tobacco or cigars, shall
knowingly and willfully omit, negleet, or refuse lodo
or oanse tobedoneanyof the things required bylaw
in the carrying on or conducting of his business, or
ehall do anything by this act prohibited, if there be
no specific penalty or punishment imposed by any
other section of this act for the neglecting, omitting,
or refusing to do, or for the doing or causing to be
done the thing required or prohibited, beshall pay a
penalty of 81.000; and if the person so offending bea
distiller, rectifier, wholesale liquor dealer, or com-
pounder cf liquors, all distilled spirits or liytiors
owned by him, or in which he has any interest as
owner, and if he be a manufacturer'of tobacco or
cigars, all tobacco or cigarsfettndin biB manufactory
shall be forfeited to the United States.
Sec. 97. And be it .fiirt'icr (n-uicifd, That.iny internal
revenue officer who shall be or become interested,
directly or indirectly, in the manufacture of tobacco,
snuff, or cigars, or in the production, rectification, or
redistillation of distilled spirits shall be dismissed
from office; and any such offlcerwho shall become so
interested in any such manufacture or production,
reef jfication or redistillation, shall, oa conviction,
be fined not less than $500 nor more than $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask consent further to
amend by inserting in section eighty-eight, he-
fore the word "manufacturers" the words
' • proprietors oralso by striking ©at the word
"his" and inserting "the."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask consent to amend
section sixty-one by inserting in line nineteen,
after the words " smoking tobacco,:' the words
"or twist."
Mr. MAYNARD. This subject we had
tinder consideration before the Committee of
Ways and Means, and I believe the gentleman
from Pennsylvania was the only member who
was in favor of this proposition. The com-
mittee thought the law as it now is was broad
enough to cover certain kinds of tobacco which
my friend made somewhat famous by the name
of '■ dog leg," and as such an amendment as
this might embarrass the bill by bringing into
the sixteen cent class of tax a kind of tobaeco
that ought to be in the higher class the com-
mittee thought this amendment, which was
very fully discussed and considered, should not
come in.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I am sorry my friend
on the committee has thought proper to refer
to the action of the committee. As he has
done so, however, of course I shall be relieved
from any responsibility in saying something on
my part.
. Mr. MAYNARD. I ought to say that I re-
ferred to this by way of apology for whatseemed
to t>e an ungracious opposition to the amend-
ment.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I am satisfied, bat I
appeal to the sub-committee who had charge
of this subject if they did not deeide in favor
of my amendment. I thiuk my friend was not
present at that time.
| Mr. MAYNARD. No, sir.-
| Mr. MOO RHEAD. 11 was agreed the arnend-
I mens should go in, but when it came before the
I full committee the chairman opposed it, and it
! is well known when he sets himself in favor or
! against a thing it is very hard to change him.
Now, I appeal from the Committee of Waysand
Means to the Committee of the Whole, and I
want them to understand this subject. I called
at the office of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, and he agreed with me and with the
manufacturers of this cheap tobacco that the
leaves twisted with the stem for smokingsbould
only be charged sixteen cents a pound. He
; sent me to the clerk who had charge of that
particular subject, and the clerk pointed oat
this amendment that I have offered. I referred
to the Commissioner, and he said it was right. 1
then had no doubt about its going through the
committee. It did receive their sanction until
