1869.
1ME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
provisions of the second section of the act entitled
An uet to provide for calling forth the militia to
execute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrec-
tions, and repel invasions, and to repeal the act now
in force fur that pu<pose,' approved February 28,
17'Jo, shall have called forth the militia to suppress
combinations against the laws of the United States
and 10 cause the laws to be duly executed, and the
iusuigents shall have failed to disperse by the time
directed by the President, and when said insurgents
claim to act under the authority of any State or
Stat es, and such claim is no t disclaimed or repudiated
by the persons exercising the function of the gov-
ernment in such State or States, or in the part or
parts thereof in which said combination exist, nor
such insurrection suppressed by said State or States,
therl. and in such case, it may and shall be lawful for
the President, by proclamation, to declare that tho
inhabitants of such State, or any section or part
thereof, where such insurrection exists, are in a stato
oi insurrection against the United States."
That is to say, the State—for there can be no
distinction in law or in fact between a State or
the government of a State, and tbe people, tbe
inhabitants of a State, for tbe inhabitants and
they only constitute the State ; the government
is but their instrument:
'' And thereupon all commercial intercourse by and
between the same and the citizens thereof"—
That is, the inhabitants of the State in insur-
rection, all the inhabitants without distinction,
without attempting to draw the futile discrim-
ination between inhabitants who are friendly
to the Government and those who are hostile
to it, and all the inhabitants—
" and the citizens of the rest of tho United States
shall cease and bo unlawful so long as such condition
of hostilitv shall continue; and all goods and chat-
tels, wares and merchandise, coming irom said State
or section into the other Darts of tbe U,nited States,
and all proceeding to such State or section, by land
or water, shall, together with the vessel or vehicle
conveying the same, or conveying persons to or irom
such Sta,te or section, be forfeited to the United
States."
In pursuance of that statute the President
in August, 1861, issued his formal proclamation
declaring that the inhabitants of Alabama,
among other States, were in a state of insur-
rection against the Government of the United
States, and forbidding and prohibiting all inter-
course and trade between the people of that
State and of the other States of the Union.
Now, let me ask the honorable Senator from
Kentucky where in the Constitution of the
U nited States is found a clause authorizing tbe
Government of the United States to prohibit
intercourse between two States of this Union
unless it be under that clause authorizing tbe
United States to make and carry on war or to
suppress insurrection? Sir, without the exist-
ence of war, called at that time insurrection,
it is perfectly clear that this clause has no
foundation wbateverin the Constitution. This
act is therefore a direct and clear recognition
by Congress, acting under the war-maliing
power and under the power to suppress insur-
rection, of the existence of .a state of war
between the loyal and the disloyal portions of
the United States. Nothing can make it more
manifest. It is a clear, unequivocal legisla-
tive recognition of the existence of a state of
war between these communities as such, apply-
ing lo that status all the incidents belonging
to a state of war between foreign nations,
cutting off intercourse, preventing travel even,
preventing a man in the South, whether a friend
or foe, from passing our lines to visit his
friends in the North, and vice versa, prohibit-
ing citizens in the North from immigrating
into or trading with the rebel country.
I believe the honorable Senator Irom Ken-
tucky was not in the Senate at the time of the
passage of this act; but his doctrine goes to
deny the validity and constitutionality of that,
the first statute passed by Congress upon the
subject. His denial that a state of hostility,
of enmity, existed between communities, in
other words, between the rebel States and the
loyal States, can be based upon no other prin-
ciple than that we have had no war; that the
conflict, through which we have passed was not
subject to the rules and usages of war, and, in
short, that all we have done by waging war to
put down the rebellion has been in violation of
the Constitution itself. He 'would appeal to
the courts, he says, for the punishment of indi-
viduals. Well, sir, Congress took a different
view of it. Congress took the same view of
tbe then condition of things between the two
sections of the country as the writers upon pub-
lic law and the laws of war take of ordinary
civil wars when they say that when a country
is divided by a civil war, and is so divided as
to comprise on each side large portions of the
community, those portions of the community
in the prosecution of that civil war are, to all
intents and purposes, to be treated and con-
sidered as two independent, sovereign nations
waging the highest controversy known to man-
kind for the purpose of ascertaining which is
the stronger. It then becomes not a question
of statutes, not a question of constitutions, but
a question of superior force, and you can put
it upon no other ground than that of force.
Which party shall go down, is the only ques-
tion ; which can deal the heaviest, tho most
destructive Wows; not which can appeal to the
Constitution, nor any particular clause of the
Constitution, or treaty, or statute. It only
illustrates the old maxim of the common law
so often quoted, inter ariha leges silent, there
is no "law " in a contest of arms.
Mr. DAVIS. There is no such maxim as
that in the common law.
Mr. HOWARD. Then the honorable Sen-
ator has been very forgetful of his Blackstone.
I would commend him, if ho will allow me, to
enlighten his already brilliant intellect by a
perusal of a fevv pages of that somewhat to
him forgotten author. I fear he has little
regard for Blackstone, and I am very sorry to
see it.
The honorable Senator insists that all acts
of the so-called rebel government were abso-
lutely null and void. He makes it a contest
of individuals. He will not allow that the
usages and laws of war had any place in the
controversy. He holds that all acts tending to
that war on the part of the rebel States were
absolutely void. He goes even further, and
denies that any of the statutory regulations of
the rebel governments had any force or validity
as law. Let me read what he says:
" Mr. IIowaed. Will tho honorable Senator allow
mo to ask him one question right ihero?
" Mr. Davis. Yes, &ir.
"Mr. Howard. I understood him to say that
everything that was done by the rebel government
was null and void.
"Mr. Davis. Yes, sir.
" Mr. Howaed. Does he adhere to that principle?
" Mr. Davis. I do, and I have always maintained
it, and I expect always to maintain it. I say there
was no government dejuveor de facto in the southern
confederacy."
That is at least sufficiently broad and com-
prehensive. I do not propose to argue that
question at any length, but beg merely to say
that I differ entirely with the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky upon that question. Sir,
there were governments in the rebel States;
there were legislatures in the rebel States.
Those legislatures passed laws in very great
numbers, to which every resident within the
limits of the State owed, for the time being, at
least, obedience, laws under which private
rights were regulated, under which deeds and
conveyances of land were made, marriages
entered into, under which estates descended
and were distributed, and under which, in fact,-,
all the machinery of civil government was put
and continued in operation ; and social rights,
the rights of property, the rights of commerce,
and every other species of private right were
regulated. Does the honorable Senator hold
that under those laws, if one rebel, deeded to
another his land the deed itself was null and
void ? Does he hold that a marriage celebrated
according to the statutes of a rebel State would
be null and void in law? In short, does he
hold—he is a lawyer and a good lawyer ; he is
a Conservative, and a distinguished Conserva-
tive—that in the southern country during the
pendency of this war for nearly five years the
people of the rebel States were without law ?
Does he rise here to inculcate that anarchy,
absolute anarchy existed throughout the rebel
dominions? No, sir.; he canaofc as a thinking,
reflecting man come to Any such conclusion.
He must recognize the laws of war and the
public law of the world, which declare that
during the existence of such a rebellion, the
laws passed by the existing de facto Legisla-
ture, or by whatever legislative power, m(ist
have force, and that the rights of property ,and
the rights of person mnst De recognized, not
only during that period, but after the close of
the war, whenever those rights are called in
question in courts of justice.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, I will tell him what my position is
in relation to the point that he now makes.
The States whose people went into the rebel-
lion were members of the United States. They
had their own State constitutions and govern-
ments and statutory and common law. So far
as these governments of the States with their
different systems of law operated in friendliness
or in harmony with their relations to the Gov-
ernment of the United States and in Subordi-
nation to the Constitution of the United States,
those laws operated validly in relation to all
the matters to which the honorable gentleman
has referred. But so far as any legislation, any
acts of conventions called in the States whose
people went into the rebellion were in conflict
with the Constitution of the United States, or
with their proper, peaceful, constitutional, and
subordinate relations to the Government of the
United States, they were, that far, absolutely
null and void. That is my position.
Mr. HOWARD. I was entirely satisfied
that the honorable Senator would find it ne-
cessary to modify the ground which he took
yesterday.
Mr. DAVIS. I have not modified it; I have
only defined it. The ground that I took yes-
terday was general. I now make a definition
of my ground, and make a more particular ap-
plication of it than I did yesterday, for yester-
day 1 made none.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well. Then, in ap-
plying the general doctrine which the honor-
able Senator announced yesterday, he finds it
necessary to interlard the text with various
exceptions and limitations, does he? I thought
he would. Yesterday, in answer to my ques-
tion whether everything done by the rebel gov-
ernment was null'and void, he said, "Yes;
everything." Now he says some things done
under the rebel governments were not null and
void. I think he is right nfew.
Mr. DAVIS. Everything in the course of
the rebellion, if the honorable Senator pleases,
and in the course of resistance to the laws and
authority of the United States.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, Mr. President, I will
call the honorable Senator's attention to an-
other supposititious case. Undoubtedly, tha
honorable Senator will hold that a rebel Legis-
lature could not impose taxes upon the people
of the State for the purpose of prosecuting the
war of the rebellion. He would hold that to
be an illegal act if he would hold any aet to
be illegal, I take it. Suppose that property
had been seized at the South for the purpose
of satisfying the taxation imposed upon the
people of an insurrectionary State; and sup-
pose that a tract of land had been put up at
auction for non-payment of the taxes imposed
by the rebel State government and had been
sold to an honest purchaser for a valuable con-
sideration and in strict pursuance of the statute
imposing the taxation; I ask the Senator
whether he holds that the title of the purchaser
of that property under that sale would be void ?
No, sir, he cumot so hold. It must be con-
ceded that private rights, where they arise out
of the laws of a hostile Legislature, are to be
respected even by the conqueror, and are to
be respected by all courts in the future.
Now, sir, let us look for one moment at this
case of Sue Murphey. I would most'respect-
fully inquire of the honorable Senators from
Alabama, who have participated in this de-
bate, if they can inform the Senate at what
time and in what manner the title of Sue
Murphey to this farm accrued? Wag it dor-
