1280
THE- CONGBESSJONAL'
February 1%
the chairman put his foot oa it, and then it was
no use trying to get it in. I will ask to have
the paper which ! send to the Chair read.
Several Members. Oh, no; we will adopt it.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Then I will take a vote
on it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MOORHEAD. - That makes another
amendment necessary.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
going back ? _ ,
Mr. MAYNARD. I will hear the amend-
ment read first.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move to amend sec-
tion sixty-two, after the paragraph about smok-
ing tobacco, by adding the words "except
twist, whicH shall be in packages of twoj four,
eight, and sixteen pounds each."
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
Mr. BOYDEN. I ask the consent of the
committee to offer an amendment to the sixty-
first, section of the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object to going
back in the bill.
Mr. ALLISON. I move thatthe committee
rise .and report the bill to the House with the
amendments, and.-with the recommendation
that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and Mr.
Dawes having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr.' ScoytBLD reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under considera-
tion the bill (H. R. No. 1060) to rcduce into
one act and to amend the laws relating to
internal taxes, and had directed him to report
the sameto the House with sundry amendments,
and with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. ALLISON. I agreed that the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Holman] should have
an opportunity of offering his amendment in
the House, and I am willing that it shall now
be offered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana will be
regarded as pending.
Mr. ALLISON. I now move the previous
question on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ALLISON. Unless some gentlemen
demand separate votes on particular amend-
ments I ask that all the amendments made in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union may be regarded as agreed to ; and I
demand a separate vote on the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask for a separate vote
on the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] in regard to ex-
tending the time for withdrawing whisky in
bond, and also on another amendment on the
same subject which preceded it. ,
Mr. ALLISON. I ask for a separate vote
on the amendment of the gentlsman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Maynard,] authorizing twenty-
five-barrel distilleries.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
will not press for a separate vote on that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
is informed that the amendments indicated by
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin]
and the amendment last indicated by the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] were amend-
ments to an amendment, and are not reported
to the House as separate amendments, and
therefore there can lie no separate votes upon
them.
Mr. ALLISON. My proposition is that all
the amendments not specially excepted shall
be regarded as agreed to.
I he SPEAKER pro tempore. If there be
no objection, all the amendments reported
from the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, upon which no separate vote
has been asked, will be regarded as agreed to.
Ihe Chair hears no objection, and the amend-
ments are agreed to.
Mr. ALLIsON. I now-ask for a vote on the
amendment of the gentleman' from Indiana^
[Mr. Holman-,] ,j ,
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The, ot11 y
amendment upon which a separate vote has
been asked is the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holmas.] , .
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. There was a reser-
vation of the amendment in relation to with-
drawing whisky from bond.
The.SPEAKER^w tempore. That was an
amendment to an amendment, and the amend;-
ment was, Reported to the ■ House 'as a whole,
and in such a- form that a separate vote can not
be had oil that part of it. The only,amend-
ment reserved was that of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holman, j which will now be read.
• The Clerk read Mr. Holman's amendment,
as follows:
Sec.—. And be if further enacted. That there shall
be levied, collected, and paid annually a tux of ten
Ser een't. on the interest aceruingon all bonds issued
y the United States, to be withheld by the proper
officer of the Treasury from the interest paid at the
time of the payment thereof. The tax hereby pro-
vided for shall be withheld from the interest becom-
ing due on such bonds on and after the 1st day of
May, 1S69.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
eight, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed1 andi read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
iiolly, wayne, and monroe railway.
Mr. BE AM AN. There is a bill lying on the
Speaker's table, Senate bill No. 667, which
relates to a matter of merely local interest. I
ask unanimous consent of the House that it be
now taken up and acted upon.
No objection was made.
The bill (S. No. 667) to enable the Holly,
Wayne, and Monroe Railway Company, in the
State of Michigan, to have the subscription to
its capital stock duly stamped was accordingly
taken from the Speaker's table and read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
president of the board of directors of the Holly,
Wayne, and Monroe Railway Company, in the
State of Michigan, or any directors of said
company, may appear before the collector of
the revenue of the first congressional district
of the State of Michigan at any time prior to
the 1st day of May, 1869, with the subscriptions
to the capital stock of said company, and the
said collector shall, upon the payment of the
proper stamps required by law. affix the proper
stamps to said subscriptions to said capital
stock, and note upon the margin thereof the
time of his so doiug; and he shall also cancel
and note upon the margin thereof as aforesaid
all such stamps as have already been affixed
and not duly canceled ; and the said subscrip-
tions to the capital stock of said company shall
thereupon be held good and valid to all intents
and purposes, and may be used in all courts
and places in the same manner and with like
effects as if they had been originally duly
stamped.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BEAM AN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
printing of a repollt.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, made
a report from the Committee on Revision of
Laws of the United States upon a letter.from
the Secretary of War in reference to payments
under the act of March 30, 1868; which was
ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
atlantic and pacific railroad.'.
Mr. LOAN. I ask unanimousconsentof the
HouSe to introducevfcr consideration ait this
time a join.t resolution to confirm a mortgage
of the Atlantic and'Pacifie Railroad Company.
The SPEAKER,pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes.)
The joint resolution will be read, after which
tfce Chair will ask for objections to its intro-
duction and consideration at this time.
The joint resolution was then read. It pro-
vides that a mortgage made under date of July
•I* 1868, by the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad
.Company, a corporation legally organized and
established under the laws of the United States
ion the lands and property of the company
within the limits of the State of Missouri, be,
and the same is hereby, confirmed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objec-
tion to the introduction and consideration of
this joint resolution at this time?
Mr. BLAIR. I object.
, Mr. SPALDING. I move that the House
now adjourn,
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at eight o'clock and fifty minutes p, m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc. ^
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By the SPEAKER: A resolution of the
Second Ward Republican Club of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia, protesting against
the transfer of the Centre Market franchise to
the Washington Market Company, or any
monopoly.
By Mr. BEAMAN : The petition of E. W.
Benson and 123 other gentlemen and 80 ladies,
of Medina, Michigan, praying that pensions at
the rats of eight dollars per month may be
granted to soldiers of the war of 1812.
Also, the petition of L. B. Rose, of Spottsyl-
vania county, Virginia,to be relieved from dis-
abilities growing out of the late war of rebellion.
By Mr. DODGE: The petition of citizens
of Page county, Iowa, asking the adoption of an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States recognizing Almighty God as the source
of all authority and power in civil govern-
ment, &c.
.IN SENATE.
Wednesday,1 February 17, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. E. II."Gray, D. D.
On motion Of Mr. STEWART, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. CONKLING presented four petitions of
citizens of New York, praying for such an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States as will fully acknowledge the obligations
of the Christian religion ; which were referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented resolutions adopted by the
Union Wool-Growers' Association of Ontario
and Livingston counties, New York, against
the renewal of the reciprocity treaty with Can-
ada, and asking protection to American indus-
try ; which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also a petition
of citizens of Brooklyn, New York, asking that
the naturalization laws be so modified that all
persons, strangers coming here, after a resi-
dence of two years shall become naturalized,
their right to vote to begin three years after
their naturalisation. As a bill has been re-
ported on this subject from the Committee on
the Judiciary, I move that the petition lie on
the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of John
Nettles, of Virginia, praying the removal of
the political disabilities imposed on him by
acts of Congress; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of W. T. Bibb,
of Virginia, praying the removal of the political
