m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
ingthewar? Was it by inheritance? Was it
by regular, formal conveyance? Or how did
this transfer lake place?
Mr. WARN ER. I will say to the Senator
that lam notable to give him the informa-
tion. I do not know the facts in the case,
mid do not know anything about the case.
Mr. HOWARD. We know nothing about
it, sir. We have no information on the sub-
ject. I have a surmise that this title came to
Sue Murphey during the war. I may be mis-
taken about that. But if it came to hor dur-
ing the was- and the doctrine of the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky holds good that
the laws existing in Alabama de facto during
that time were no laws, were all null and void,
then- I ask him how it is possible for him to
reconcile it to his conscience to pay Sue Mur-
phey for a piece of land which does not even
now belong to her? If the honorable Sen-
ator is driven into that necessity, if ho would
pay Sue Murphey for thedamages done to-this
laud, ho must be satisfied, in the first place,
that she has a good title, and had a good title
at-the time the damage was committed. Still,
according to his doctrine, if it shall turn out
that she acquired the title under the rebel
laws of Alabama, she has no title at all; and
I fancy it will turn out that she did during that
period acquire the title.
Mr. President, it is said that we are under
an obligation to indemnify loyal persons of the
South for damages done to their persons or
property by the operation of our armies. So
iiu' as we have seen this obligation is confined
by its advocates to loyal persons at the South,
it has not yet been announced to us that we
shall be called upon to pay disloyal persons
for damages done to their property. Now, I
ask those who favor the passage of this bill to
listen to me for one moment. What is to be the
I est of loyalty at the South? How are the courts
or the commissioners or a committee of this
body to determine who was loyal and who was
di-loyal? What is the teat which you will setup,
what the criterion? You will find it impossible
to establish any. Undoubtedly there were num-
bers of persons, not very large, however, in the
iiiMinectionaiy States who favored the old
Government, and who were at heart opposed
to the rebellion. I)uiing the existence of the
win* ninety-nine out of a hundred of this class
of persons could only remain silent. If they
remained in the rebel country it was danger-
ous lor tliem to open their mouths. Tbey were
silent. They dared not do an act in favor of
their old Government nor say a word in its
f.ivor. The best that can be said of them is
that they were neutral and silent, friendly to
the old Government at heart, but timid and
inefficient in its defense. Theystayed at home
enjoying their property, maintaining a discreet
silence, but at the same tune trading with the
rebels at home, carrying on their business there,
making money, and amassing fortunes.
Still they were, as it is aud will be said,
''loyal. ' You would pay this class of persons
for damages done to their property ; you would
reward them for being silent on the ground
that they were "loyal," as you say, while at
the siime time they have contributed by way of
taxation, aud perhaps in other modes, to the
prosecution of the rebellion. 'Their property
bus been the fund from which the rebel Gov-
ernment basilrawn support and supplies. They
have enjoyed all the advantages of peace un-
disturbed—peace in the midst of a rebel pop-
ulation. You would pay them for the damages
and the ravages of the war. Why ? Your only
answer is that they were silent and had at
heart a friendship for the old Government. On
the other side of the street is living a man, and
lias been living there during the whole of the
war, who has maintained also a discreet silence,
who also has done nothing but to contribute in
the shape of taxation to the prosecution of the
war, but who in his heart was.a rebel, sympa-
thizing with the rebellion and desirous of .its
ultimate success.
I ask gentlemen upon what principle of jus-
tice or law it is that yon will draw a distinction
between those'two cases? Will you pay the
Union man who has done nothing and said
nothing for the damages which he has sus-
tained, simply because he has done nothing
and said nothing, and refuse compensation to
the disloyal man, because, not having done
anything, not having said anything, he enter-
tained in his heart the desire that the rebellion
might prove a success? Sir, you can never
draw any such distinction either in law or com-
mon sense. If you pay the one you are bonnd
to pay the other, because your only real ex-
cuse for paying the one is that the public ne-
cessities required the damage to be done to
his property, and the same necessity compelled
you to take the property of the other, the silent
rebel on the other side of the street. It makes
silence the test, and under this rule both are
equally deserving.
Sir, I am entirely opposed to  the adoption
of any such principle. The whole southern
communities were drawn into the war by their
own consent. The fortunes of the minority
necessarily followed those of the majority. If
there were Unionists there of such undaunted
pluck and of such desert as represented, how
did it happen they remained in the enemy's
country during the whole of the war ? Why
did they not make their escape? Why did
they not sell their property and come out from
among the rebels and show themselves men?
Mr. President, I can never be brought to
adopt any such general principle as the one
embodied in this bill nor any such doctrine as
that which has been promulgated here in the
Senate upon the subject of these claims. I
tell you, sir, the time is not far distant, if this
claim shall be allowed, when yon will have
uncounted thousands of claims in the name of
loyal citizens of the South, but who during the
war belonged to that silent class who did
nothing and said nothing against either party,
but who during the whole of the rebellion
extended their sympathies to the rebels in the
field. You will, in the course of twenty-five
years or less, be called upon to pay every dol-
lar of damages done to, the property of all
classes of persons, loyal and disloyal, at the
South. And gentlemen will come here from
the South, having the same feelings that mem-
bers of the Senate and of the House of Rep-
resentatives have had at other times, who for
the sake of popularity, for the sake of getting
votes and influence at home, will become the
advocates even of rebel claims on this floor.
I concur entirely with the honorable Sen-
ator from Oregon [Mr. Williams] that the
question of paying such claims has been sub-
stantially seitled and decided by the people of
the U nited States in the adoption of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution. Ho
pointed our attention to that clause which pro-
hibits Congress from paying for slaves. The
clause itself goes further. It declares that—
"Neither tlic United States nor any State shall as-
sume or pay any debt or obligation inourred in aid
ot insurrection or rebellion ngainst the United States,
or ony claim for the loss or emancipation of any
slave; but all such debts, obligations, and claims
shall be held illegal and void.''
This clause destroys in the pocket of Sue
Murphey the confederate bonds, if she has any,
and deprives her entirely of any claim growing
out of those bonds or any other species of in-
debtedness which she may have received either
from the confederate government or the gov-
ernment of the rebel State of Alabama. They
cannot be enforced in any court of justice.
They are declared to be illegal and void'. Now,
sir, what is the difference between depriving
her of that species of property, rendering it
entirely useless .and valueless, and our with-
holding from her compensation for damages
done to her freehold in the regular operations
of war, when it is perfectly plain that the ne-
cessities of the service required the destruction
of her house and the erection of a fortification
upon its site?
Mr. President, I was a little pained to hear
yesterday remarks falling, some of them from
the honorable Senator from ' Kentucky and
some from other gentlemen who advocate this
claim, indicating a disposition on their part to
accuse members of this body of illiberality and
indifference to the sufferings of the Unionists
in the rebel Stares. This accusation comes
with a very bad grace from the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky. He says we were living
in oar quiet homes in }he North and saw noth-
ing'of the ravages of that dreadful war, and
seemed to intimate that we were almost indif-
ferent spectators to what was passing. Are the
gallant people of my State amenable to such a
charge as this? Why, sir, the very property,
the very house of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, was defended and preserved by the
strong arms of my own neighbors against the
violence and ravages of the rebel columns and
the rebel raiders.
Who defended the property of the Union
men at the South ? Was it Kentucky that de-
fended the property of Kfentuckians ? To a
.very small extent, sir. But for the courage
and gallantry, the bone and muscle, the reso-
luteness and the determination of the neigh-
bors of Kentucky, Kentucky herself would
have been swept into the vortex of the rebel-
lion and would have become as thorough a
rebel State as there was in the confederacy ;
the pioperty even of the Senator from Ken-
tucky might have been swept away by a rebel
raid or a rebel confiscation. And the same
may be said of thousands and hundreds of
thousands of Unionists at the South—ay,
sir, even rebels at the South—who dur-
ing the first stages of the war were pro-
tected most scrupulously, and I will add most
ridiculously, in the enjoyment of their prop-
erty by the Union forces, acting under mis-
taken and erroneous instructions, are to day
indebted for their estates to the forbearance,
as well as the courage of the Union troops.
Sir, let us hear no more of the indifference
of northern men to the sufferings of southern
Unionists. It was northern men who rescued
them and saved to them their lives and their
liberties. It was northern blood and northern
treasure that put an end to the rebellion. And
are we now to be met with charges like this,
and to have superadded to them a threat that
in case we shall not vote to payoff the dam-
ages done to Union men in Tennessee and
elsewhere our present friends there will turn
around and vote for repudiation? Sir. let the
honorable Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Fow-
ler] go back to his constituency ; let him go
into East Tennessee, where the suffering has
been most intense, where the courage and gal-
lantry of Unionists has been most conspicuous,
most admirable; let him go before the in-
habitants of East Tennessee, who were scat-
tered and persecuted as no people ever were
for the cause of the Union, and preach the
doctrine of repudiation to them. My appre-
hension is that they would laugh him 10 scorn.
He would find no sympathy iti the heart of any
Tennessee Unionist, however great may have
been his losses and sacrifices during the war.
I have a higher respect forsoutbernvUnionhts
than seems to be entertained by him or by the
honorable Senator from Kentucky.
Sir, we have all suffered in this war. The
southern Unionists while within the enemy's
lines have suffered far less, let me tell you,
than any other class of persons. They have
remained at home as a general thing. l"do not
say this of all of them. 1 know that the south-
ern Unionists have displayed upon occasions
great determination, great patriotism, and that
they are worthy of the highest praise; but, as
a general proposition, I say that no class of
persons have been so little disturbed and so
little tormented by the recent rebellion. The
mass of them remained at home taking no part
in the war. They paid no taxes to support the
Government. They could not do it. They
were exempted by being in the enemy's coun-
try from that burden. But instead of paying
taxes to their old Government, the rebel gov-
ernments have levied taxes upon them and
