1869.
IBS CONaBfiSSMmiL' «LCfflE
mm
disabilities imposed oa .Mm- hy aete of Con-
gress ; which was referred.to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of William C.
Hanford, praying compensation tor the inven-
tion of a machine for the protection of vessels
from being destroyed by torpedoes 5 which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
Mr. POMEROY presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Kansas, in fevorof granting
aid in subsidies to the Union Pacific railroad,
eastern, division, via the thirty-fifth parallel to
San Francisco; \5rhich was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Kansas, praying for such an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States as will fully
acknowledge the obligations of the Christian
religion; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of dropping the names
of certain. Indians from the roll of their respect-
ive tribes* and thai they maybe subject to tax-
ation ; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He alsa presented a petition of citizens of
Vermont, praying that women be granted the
right of suffrage; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Massachusetts, praying that women be granted
the right of suffrage; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. YATES presented a petition of citizens
of Illinois, praying for such an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States as will
fully acknowledge the obligations of the Chris-
tian religion; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. BICE presented the petition of Mahardy
Calbert and others, delegates from the freed-
men in tbe Choctaw and Chickasaw agency,
praying that the $300,000 held by the United
States under article three of the treaty between
the United States and the Choctaw and Chick-
asaw Indians for the use and benefit of persons
of African descent be paid to those persons
per capita, sothat they may remove from that
country; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs-
Mr. SPENCER presented a joint memorial
•of the General Assembly of the State of Ala-
bama to the Congress of the United States,
together with a resolution instructing the Sen-
ators and requesting the Representatives of
that State in Congress to urge the passage of a
law allowing interest on $108,991 20 of the
two and three per cent, fuads due to that State
"which accrued between 1820 and 1831 and was
improperly withheld from the State; which was
deferred to the Committee on the J udicizfry.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of Robert
G. A. Love, of North Carolina, praying to be
relieved from political disabilities imposed on
him by acts of Congress'; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FESSBNDBN. I present the petition
■of James G. CousenS, John Cousens, and Enoch
Cousens, praying that an American register be
granted to the British schooner Veniiia. I
move its reference to the Committee on Com-
merce, aud I hope if it is approved it will be
reported at once.
The petition was so referred.
Mr. WILSON, I present the memorial of
Matthew B. Brady, relative to a national and
historical collection of portraits. Mr. Brady
sets forth that after the commencement of the
war he employed a corps of artists who have
taken views of battle-fields, military camps,
bridges, and other matters of that sort, and
he asks some action by Congress on the sub-
ject. I move the reference of the memorial
to the Committee on the Library,
The motion was agreed to. ■
Mr. NYE presented a memorial of merchants
of the city of San Francisco, California, re-
monstrating against" the passage of the bill
entitled "Ah act to .preveat the extermination
Of far-bearing aaiwalis is AJwfca, and to
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 81.
tect the inhabitants_ thereof;'' -which .was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented a petition of
Anna E. Frei, of Lutisburg, canton of St.
Gallon, Switzerland, widow of John Heniy
Frei, late of company K, fifty-ninth New York
volunteers, praying to be allowed a pension5
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented the petition of Elizabeth
Mathys, widow of Joham Matbys, late private
company C, ninety-eighth Pennsylvania volun-
teers, praying for arrears of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HARLAN presented five petitions of
citizens of Iowa, praying for such an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
as will fully acknowledge the obligations of the
Christian religion ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judieiary.
He.also presented the petition of Jarius E.
Neal, asking Congress to provide by law for
the location of duplicate land warrants ; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 919) to grant the right of way to the Mem-
phis and El Paso Pacific Railroad Company
from El Paso, Texas, to the Pacific ocean, have
had it under consideration, and directed me to
report it back without amendment and recom-
mend its passage. The bill simply gives the
right of way with the authority to bridge any
navigable stream.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, to whom was
referred the petition of Fisk Mills, asking the
examination and adoption of his group of
statuary representing the " Emancipation of
slavery" for the pediment of the south wing
of the Capitol, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; whieli was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 706) in relation
to a site for an Executive Mansion, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the resolution of the Senate of
January 15, 1869, directing an inquiry into
the recent assault and robbery on the Capitol
grounds, with power to send for persons.and
papers, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
■was referred the resolution in regard to paving
the public avenues of Washington, District of
Columbia, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration: which was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was re-
ferred the message of the President of the
United States, communicating, in compliance
with the resolution of the Senate, a copy of a
proclamation dated the 25th December, 1868,
purporting to extend pardon and amnesty to a
class of persons guilty of treason,&e., to make
a report, accompanied by & resolution.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved. That in the opinion of the Senate the
proclamation of the President ©f the United States
of the 25th of December, 15*33. purporting to srrant
pardon and amnesty to all persons guilty of treason
and acts of hostility to the United States during the
iatc rebellion, with restoration of rights, &e., was
aot authorized by the Constitution or laws.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was not able to con-
cur with a majority of the committee in mak-
ing that report, I have not prepared any
minority report; but I shall desire, when the
resolution which has been reported by the com-
i inittee shall come before the Senate, to express
I my views upon the law of the question,
j Mr. CONKLING, from tbe Committee on
j the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
■ (S. No. 72-3) 10 regulate prosecutions uuder tbe
! laws of the United States for embezzling and
kindred offenses, reported adversely thereon.
He «lso, from the Committee on iierisiou
of Laws of the United States, to whom was
referred the rewbitioa touching the modes of
considering Indian treaties, reported it with
an amendment. . . r :• ■'«
Mr. STEWART, from the-Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred, the bill (Si
No. 139) to amend the several acts of Con-
gress relating to naturalization, reported ad-
versely thereon. ;
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the credentials of Hon. H. Y.' M.
Miller, United States Senator-elect from Geor-
gia, reported that he ought not to be admitted
to his seat in the Senate. , -
Mr. TRUMBULL, from.the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom ^as referred the me-
morial of the Clarksburg bar, West Virginia,
against the removal of tbe circuit court of the
United States for the district of West Virginia
to Wheeling, asked to be discharged frOro its
farther consideration ; which was agreedt<s. .
He also, from the same committee* fo whom
were referred the memorial of persons con-
fined in jail in Savannah, Georgia, praying
that they may be released from confinement;
and tbe memorial of the committee on behalf
of discharged employes of the custom-house
in New Orleans, presenting a statement of
facts in connection with their discharge and
the class of men appointed in their stead,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 917) relating to
the judges of the Supreme Court, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 751) to
amend an act entitled "An act to establish
the judiciary of the United States," approved
September 24, 1749, have instructed me to re-
port adversely thereon. The bill which I have
just reported covers the same subject-matter.
I move that the bill be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1627)
to establish a police court in the District of
Columbia, have instructed me to report it back
without amendment and with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass. As this is a House bill,
and it is very desirable to have this police
court established in the District of Columbia,
and as the Committee on the Judiciary have
reported the bill without any amendment what-
ever, I ask the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to let it be put upon its passage now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I shall have to object
to that. I was not in the committee when that
bill was considered this morning. I under-
stood that there were certain amendments that
were agreed upon by the court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume the Senator
from Indiana is alluding to a different bill, in
reference to the supreme court of the District
of Columbia; this is a bill to establish a police
court, which was considered by the committee
before the Senator came in this morning. The
other bill I have not reported.
Mr. HEXDRICKS. I referred to the police
court bill.
Mr, TRUMBULL. There were no amend-
ments suggested to the police court bill in the
committee. None were talked of,
Mr, HENDRICKS. I object to its con-
sideration now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill cannot be considered at
this time. _
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pub-
lie Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 809) granting laud to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Sioux City, Iowa, to
Columbus, Nebraska, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee oa Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1549) to restrict and regu-
late the franking privilege, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. WILSON, from the ComtaiUee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred tie joint
