1869.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOW
they have paid them, thus aiditigbytfiefr pfop-
erty in assisting the rebellion. This was one of
the necessary results of their territorial situa-
ation. If they remained in a rebel State they
were obliged to submit, to the laws of that State
and to contribute their proper proportion to
the support of the rebel armies.
Mr. President, I have said more than I in-
tended to say upon this .subject. • I hope, as
this is a pioneer case, a specimen ease out of
which is to grow the established policy of this
Government in reference to this class of
claims, that the bill will be recommitted to the
committee, and if necessary with instructions
to report more particularly the facts connected
with the case in order that we and the country
may see the whole of this argument on both
sides, and be fully informed upon it.
Let our friends who bring against us this
imputation of being unkind to southern Union-
ists* be a little cautious. Southern Unionists,,
as I have already remarked, are not the Only
persons Who have suffered in this war. Let them
be still more cautious how they invite persOftS &t
the Sonth who are rebels, and have been rebels,
to present their claims to Congress and ask pay-
ment for the destruction of their property; for
that will -be the nextstep—a short, but an inevi-
table step. I am free to say, Mr. President, that
1 would prefer to see this war waged over again,
to see it fought out for four years longer,
before I would submit to the humiliation, the
absolute disgrace, of calling upon my people,
the very soldiers who carried their victorious
arms into the South, to contribute of their
property to pay rebels for damages done by
their own operations in the field! Sir, you
may rely upon it the northern people will never
submit to any such proposition. I warn our
friends from the South to tread lightly, very
lightly upon the toes of the northern soldiers
who fought our battles. Do not ask them to
pay the rebels for damages done to their prop-
erty which they found it necessary to do in
the honorable prosecution of the war to crush
out the rebellion. Do not ask them to cover
themselves with an infamy so enormous.
Mr. SAWYER obtained the floor.
Mr. FOWLER. With the permission of the
Senator from South Carolina, 1 desire to make
a personal explanation in reference to a matter
that occurred here the day before yesterday.
TheSenatorfrom Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
read a letter from a Mr. D. Humphreys in re-
lation to Miss Sue Murphey's claim. At the
time the letter was read I did not recall to
mind any Mr. Humphreys of Decatur, and I
asked the Senator irom Alabama [Mr. Spen-
cer] who he was; and he gave me such an
answer as fully warranted me in making the
statement that I did. Since that time I have
learned that I had met Mr. Humphreys and had
entertained kiudly feelings toward him and
done him some service. I know nothing per-
sonally about his position in Alabama. I still
retain my abhorrence for his improper course
relative to the letter with regard to Miss Sue
Murphey. He has given me to understand that
it was written without due consideration. I
hope that he may receive no injury from the
statement made, and which I take pleasure in
correcting. My knowledge of the character of
the Senator from Alabama fully warranted me
in making my statement, as 1 have implicit con-
fidence in whatever he says, knowing him to be
a prudent man and well disposed toward the
people of his State and of the United States.
INAUGURATION BALr,.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before the
Senator from South Carolina proceeds the
Chair will lay before the Senate a resolution
of the House.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Revolved, (the Senate concurring.) Thatso much of
the Capitol us ishereinaltermentioned begranted to
the committee of control, in which to conduct the
inaugural proceedings,other than otficial.ofPresident
and Vice President, on theitb of March next, to wit:
the,Rotunda, the old Hall of Representatives, the
Senate corridors, and Senate public reception roooi,
th« JtaSsageS leading"thence to the Rotunda ana old
Hall, and so much of £be basemetit* nrt used by the
committees as may be required; the Senate Cham-
ber, Ilali of Representatives", committee-room*!, and
all other parts of the building to bo closed to the
public, exeept the east entrance to the Senate; the
occupation not to take place until after the official
inauguration, and the building to remain all the
time in charge of and under the control of the Ser-
geants-at-Arrns of the two Houses of Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, if there be no
objection.
Mr. FESSENDB-N. I think tbat resolu-
tion may as well be acted upon now. It is
rather important that it should be settled one
way or the other.
Mr. HOWARD. Let us pass it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 will briefly state the
facts with regard to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By unan-
imous consent it can be taken up now. If there
be no objection it is before the Senate, and
the question is on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Maine is
on the floor proposing to explain what it means.
I should like to hear the explanation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senate will pass
it without explanation I shall be very glad. I
do not desire to make one.
Mr. GRIMES. I want one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds have already
considered it, and they are ail but, unanimous.
There is one member who has some doubt
about it. The olhers are in favor of passing
the resolution. They see no objection to it.
I hope it will be passed.
Mr. GRIMES. What is it for?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is merely to allow
the use of certain parts of the Capitol for the
proceedings:
Mr. GRIMES. The ball?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I'presume it includes
the ball.
Mr. GRIMES. Ishould like to inquire what
this reception is to be, whether it is to be a
ball or not. We may as well talk it out in
the Engtish language and have it understood.
Mr. POMEliOY. It is the inauguration
ball.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Iowa call for the reading of the
resolution again ?
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have it
read.
The Chief Clerk again read the resolution.
Mr, SUMNER. Do I understand that the
committee hive reported the resolution ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; the commit-
tee have not reported it. The Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds were consulted
in relation to the matter and came to the con-
clusion that it was not within their power to
authorize the use of so much of the building,
and they recommended therefore that an ap-
plication should be made or a concurrent reso-
lution introduced to see what Congress would
say to it. But the committee considered the
subject, and of the House members on the
committee all were in favor of it, and of the
Senate all but one. Now, sir, I will state the
reasons for it. There is no building in which
these ceremonies not official can be had iu the
city.
Mr. WILSON. Does it mean a ball ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I mean a bail, the
inauguration ball. There is no doubt about
what is meant, and I do not know why it is not
so expressed.
Mr. SUMNER. There is the PatentOffice,
which was used fouryearsago forthispurpose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been used several
times, but is now occupied.
Mr. NYE. That is full of things that do not
dance. [Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, it is now occupied,
so that it cannot be used forthis purpose. The
truth of the matter is simply this: they must
either 'erect a building on purpose or they must
use the-Rotunda of the Capitol.
Mr. POM EROY. " Istfcere artyISw requiring
these services? I mean, are they obliged ttr
hove them ? ' ■ .
Mr. FESSENDEN. If public opinion and-
public sentiment are a law I think there is a
iaw requiring that there should be an inaugu-
ration ball.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator will see that
this resolution provides that these rooins shall
be all the time under the control of the Ser-
geants-at-Arms of the two Houses. Whether
that means all the time, forever, or only dur-
ing these services I do not know. But we have
a role that the Presiding Officers shall have
charge of the building.
Mr, FESSENDEN. That is a sharp verbal
criticism that will have what effect it may, I
suppose, upon the minds of the Senators. I
am stating1 the fact. Now, sir, they cannot
afford very well, they say , to erect a building,
as has been done, I believe, on one or two
occasions-, for this purpose ;. it would cost too
much and make the affair too expensive. They*
therefore make this application to Congress;
I am assured that it is to be under the control
of gentlemen who will not allow any liquor to
be brought into the Capitol or to be-used on
the occasion ; and inasmuch as this seems to
be a necessary part of the inauguration cere-
monies, the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, all but one of them, thought it
would be as well, under these restrictions and
under the charge of the proper officers of the
two bodies, and having a police to take care
of the building, to let them have the use of it.
For myself, although the day has gone by for
me to go to balls, I have no sort of objection ;
an<l I really see no impropriety, no unfitness,
,roasmuch as it is a very necessary and useful
part of the ceremonies of inauguration that it
should be in the Capitol, considering the occa-
sion, under proper restrictions and regulations.
That influenced me in agreeing to it; and I sup-
pose it influenced other gentlemen of the com-
mittee. It is, however, for the Senate to decide.
Of course, it is a question in which the commit-
tee feel no personal interest. ■ ,
Mr. CAMERON. I hope weshall not pass
this resolution. It seems to my mind to be
altogether wrong. I am not willing that the.
Senate of the United States shall become a
part of the pageant for the inauguration of
anybody as President of the United States. I
remember hearing the older men in the Senate
say that when Mr.'Jefferson was inaugurated,
he ordered his horse to the door, mounted it,
rode up to the Senate Chamber, took the oath,
and that was all there was of it. He tied his
horse out here to a stake in front, and came up
to the Senate Chamber to be sworn in, and I
think, having the opinion of General Grant
that I have, he would much rather do that
than have a thousand soldiers leading him
up to the Capitol, and coming ia here and
having a grand ceremony.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him a question?
Mr. CAMERON. I would rather not yield
to a question from my friend, because I am
afraid I should not be able to answer it, he is
so smart. [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. I should like to know if there
is anythingin this resolution to prevent General
Grant coming here in the same way and hitch-
ing his horse to the same stake if he can find
it? [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMERON, Certainly there is, because
you invite him to a ball. I remember perfectly
well the disgraceful scene that occurred here!
nearly four years ago. If the matter had all
been settled in a quiet way we should not have
been disgraced, nor the country dishonored,
nor offense given to the foreign diplomats who
were here.
Why should we have a ball at the inaugura-
tion ? It is perfectly right that those who are
fond of dancing should have a ball in honor
of the ceremony of General Gfaint's inaugura-
tion ; but let it be iff some other part of the
town ; let it not be a part of the pageant which
the Government-brings-forth for that occasion.
I am perfectly willing to pSy my Share ;"f stip-
