106
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 3,
Ho. OF KEPS.
Heald and Wright Frauds on the Choctaw Indians—Mr. Mungen. 40th Cong.,..3d Sess.
used by said nation, or any member thereof, in
aid of the rebellion, with the consent of said
claimant." The above recital that Heald and
Wright were licensed traders at the time of the
commencement of the rebellion is incorrect in
point of fact. By reference to the records of the
Indian Bureau in Washington, itappears that the
last license granted to J. Gr. Heald & Co., (F.
E. Williams and Leonard B. Dow being the
company,) was dated October 28, 18-59, and
approved December 7, 1859, and that the last
license granted to Reuben Wright was on the
28th day of January, limited by law to twelve
months, so that neither of these parties were
licensed traders at the commencement of the
rebellion, and consequently they were in the
Indian country in violation of the intercourse
act of 1834, which, establishes the rules for all
such trading.
Under the fiftieth article of the treaty
Messrs. Rice and Jackson were appointed com-
missioners, and proceeded to Fort Smith, in
the State of Arkansas, where they profess to
have made the investigation required, and
awarded the whole amount of $90,000 to
Heald and Wright. I find that Messrs. Rice
and Jackson made no such investigation as was
contemplated by the fiftieth article of the treaty.
The facts appear to be that several gentlemen
■of the Choctaw nation, sent here to negotiate
the treaty under which the claim is made, and
for that purpose and clothed with that authority
only, and previous to the ratification of the
treaty, agreed that the nation was indebted to
the claimants, Heald and Wright, in the sums
claimed, and on account of the items set out
in their respective accounts ati agreement
which they were not authorized to make. These
gentlemen excuse themselves to their nation for
making such by asserting that butfors^ch ad-
mission they feared that what political influence
Messrs. Heald and Wright could control, with
their very particular friend, the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,] at their head,
would be used to their injury in their pending
negotiations with the United States.
Messrs. Rice and Jackson, doubtless hon-
estly misled by the belief that such admissions
were conclusive under the treaty, adopted them
as evidence; and so far as I can ascertain the
only further evidence they took or looked for
under their commission was to 3how the items
of their award to Hon. Allen Wright, one of
the gentlemen who first made the admission,
and had in the mean time been elected princi-
pal chief, and to John Page, another of the gen-
tlemen who first made the admission before the
making of this treaty. They took no testimony
as to the alleged loyalty of Messrs. Heald and
Wright, or as to the correctness of any item in
their account against the nation. And-thus
was tlveir award made. The Secretary of the
Interior was induced to ratify the award made
by Messrs. Rice and Jackson through repre-
sentations that the Choctaws were satisfied and
made no objection to the award. This is the
reason given by the Secretary, and I doubt not
given sincerely, but the fact is that the Choc-
taw council entered a solemn protest against
the whole proceedings of Commissioners liice
and Jackson so soon as they became cognizant
of the factthat an award had been made against
them, a certified copy of which I have obtained
from the Indian office here, and read as fol-
lows, and is hereby made a part of my remarks:
Whereas a commission by the authorities of the
United States did convene in the city ot Fort Smith,
Arkansas, in the month of September last, 1866. in
compliance with the forty-ninth and fiftieth articles
ot'thc late treaty concluded andsignedin the city of
Washington on thc28thday of April. 1866, to investi-
gate the claims of the loyal Choctaw and Chickasaw
Indians, and Joseph Gr. Heald and Reuben Wright,
of Massachusetts, as provided in said articles: and
whereas it appears from the report of the parses
engaged in the defense that fraudulent claims to a
very larga amount were presented and established
against the national funds of the Choctaw and Chick-
asaw nations, upon the testimony of persons actuated
by corrupt and mercenary motives; and whereas
thc convcniug of the court of commission beyond the
limits of the Choctaw and Chickasaw nations was a
hardship to the defendants, as well as unusual in prac-
tice to parlies litigant to go beyond their limits to
adjudicate their differences; Therefore,
Section 1. Beiiresolvedbyihe General Council of the
Choctaw Nation assembled, (the Chickasaw nation con-
curring,) That a solemn protest is hereby presented
to the honorable Secretary of the Interior against
the confirmation of tho awards recommended by the
said commission for thfe reason before stated1: and
further reason, that the hurried course of examina*
tion adopted by tho commissioners gave the nation
no chance to introduce rebutting testimony, nor to
offer any legal remedy before the said court -of com-
missioners. Hence they respectfully refer the final
consideration of their interest to his honor, soliciting
further indulgence to prepare a series of depositions
under the supervision of the United -States agent for
the Choctaws and Chickasaws, in order to correct as
far as practicable the wrong done to the defendants.
Resolved, further, That General Rice, on© of the
commissioners on the part of the United States, and
Captain Campbell Leflore, junior counsel on behalf
of the Choctaw nation, did agree "that testimonies
might be taken by the defense and be considered as
proper evidence by said commissioners upon cases
already reported, and that such testimonies be taken
in the presence of the United States agent, who shall
certify that the same has been taken according to the
usual rules of taking evidencetherefore this na-
tion, beinga partyinterested.respeetfullyrequesttbe
honorable Secretary of the Interior to favorably
respond to the solicitation of the Choctaw and Chick-
asaw nations.
And beit further resolved, That the principal chief
•of this nation be, and he is hereby, authorized and
requested to transmit a certified copy of the above
resolution of the Secretary of the Interior, through
the proper channel of communication with the Gov-
ernment of the United States, accompanied with such
report and suggestions as he may deem necessary to
make, to the effect that the claims made under the
forty-ninth and fiftieth articles of the treaty above
mentionedbo suspended until this nation shall have
further time to introduce rebutting testimony.
Approved, December 21.1866.
ALLEN WEIGHT, P. C. C. N.
I do hereby certify that the above is a true and
correct copy from the original in the office of the
national secretary, this 22d day of December, A. D.
1866.
[l.s.] • EDWARD DWIGHT,
National Secretary.
Departmgnt op the Interior.
Office Indian Affairs, March 25,1S68.
I certify on honor that the foregoing is a true and
correct copy of an act of the general council of the
Choctaw nation, approved December 21,1866, rela-
tive to the forty-ninth and fiftieth articles of the
treaty with tho Choctaws and Chickasawsof April
28,1866, as appears from the rccords in this office.
CHARLES E. MIX, Chief Clerk.
This protest of the general council of the
Choctaws was entered on their journals on the
21st day of December, A. D. 1866. The report
of Messrs. Rice and Jackson as commissioners
under the treaty was filed in the Indian Office
at Washington on the 31st day of December,
18CG, ten days after the protest; and on the
same 31st day of December, the Choctaws
placed the foregoing protest, being an official
transcript from their journals, on file in the
Indian office here. There was no delay on
their part, no neglect, no assenting to the pay-
ment of the claim of Heald and Wright, and
the Secretary of the Interior must have ap-
proved the report made by Rice and Jackson
without knowledge of the existence of the
Choctaw protest. But beyond the treaty stip-
ulations and legislative authorities resting upon
the Government in regard to the funds of those
Indians in a plain and direct manner there
are other questions which should engage the
attention of Congress and weighty reasons
against the passage of the proposed amend-
ment. It is certainly competent for Congress
when called upon to appropriate money to
inquire what the appropriation is for, whether
it is just and equitable, whether there is any
fraud attaching to the matter if it be a claim,
and all the surrounding circumstances. It may
be unnecessary to say that fraud vitiates all
contracts. I propose to call the attention of
Congress to some facts connected with this
case.
On the 8th of April, 1858, as appears by the
records in the Indian office, Joseph G-. Heald
entered into partnership with F. E. Williams
and Leonard B. Dow to engage in the business
of merchandising in the Choctaw country. This
partnership was limited to three years and ex-
pired on the 8th day of April, 1861, which was
previous to the commencement of the rebel-
lion. By the terms of their partnership each
of them agreed to put in $4,000, making their
whole capital in trade $12,000. Heald sets up
a claim against the Choctaws of $90,000 for
himself alone, saying nothing about his part-
ners, Williams and Dow; presuming) doubt-
less, that his loyalty would not be questioned
because he hails from Massachusetts. He may
have entertained the idea that their joint inter-
ests, whatever claim they might set up, would
be covered and protected under his name in
this behalf.
Let us next examine upon what the claims
of Messrs. Heald^nd Wright are founded. The
largest item in the account of Heald against the
Choctaw nation is for the sum of $40,000 for
a draft drawn by Sampson Folsom in favor of
L. S. Lawrence & Co., bankers, of New York,
on E. W. Lehman & Brother, of Philadelphia,
and drawn in the summer of 1862, more than a
year after the commencement of the rebellion,
and drawn, too, in the Choctaw nation.
The history of this transaction is, that one
F. E. Williams, before that time a partner of
Mr. Heald in the business in the Choctaw
nation, finding that Sampson Folsom was agent
and attorney tor Samuel Garland and others,
of the Choctaw nation, to whom the gold (about
thirty-three thousand dollars) belonged, pro-
posed to purchase it of him and pay him in con-
federate notes or money or lands of the con-
federate States. After considerable negotiation
Folsom gave Williams the draft or order for
the gold, and he paid for it in the confederate
currency. He had it drawn in favor of Law-
rence & Co., but some man named Johnson,
sharper or more fortunate than himself, con-
nected with the house of Lehman & Brother, got
it and kept it to this day. Mr. Heald, assum-
ing the whole transaction to have been for his
benefit, charges the Choctaw nation $40,000
for the failure. In this he implicates himself
in purchasing gold with confederate money.
Where did he get it? I cannot conceive that
such a transaction entitles Mr. Heald to very
favorable consideration at the hands of this
Con-gress. The very moment he seeks to derive
a benefit from such "illegal trafficking with the
enemy" he makes himself liable as the guilty
agent, and cannot say that Mr. Williams or
Mr. Lawrence were the guilty parties, and not
he. If Heald had any interest whatever in
this transaction it does not appear from the
evidence. I am therefore forced to this con-
clusion:
1. That this draft transaction was with indi-
viduals, and not with the nation as such, and
that no valuable consideration was paid for the
draft.
2. That such a transaction was in violation
of the law of the land, and no benefit sought to
be derived from it should be enforced by Con-
gress.
I can find nothing in this transaction to sus-
tain a claim for "money advanced to the na-
tion," and look upon it as entirely a private
speculating transaction on the part of F. E.
Williams or Heald. The "chances of war"
prevented it from paying, and we cannot see
that this Congress should make it pay Mr.
Heald by converting confederate State bonds
and notes, furnished by rebels to his emissaries
and agents in violation of law and morality,
into current funds of the United States for his
benefit. The act to regulate trade and inter-
course with the Indian tribes and to preserve
peace on tho frontier in the fourth section pro-
vides—
" That any person, other than an Indian, who shall
attempt to reside in the Indian country as a trader,
or to introduce goods or to trade therein without
licensc, shall forfeit all merchandise offered for sale
to the Indians so found in his possession, and, more-
over, forteit and pay the sum of $600."
The twenty-fourth section provides for the
arrest by military force of any person violating
any of the provisions of the act. Section
twenty-six provides that offenders of this pro-
