1869.
TftE ^(M&RISSIQNAI/ GLOSE.
bill provided for engineers and marines, and
the committee of conference have brought in
a bill which covers tbe whole personnel of the
Navy, as my friend says.
Mr. DRAKE. The amendments of the Sen-
ate covered divers and sundry other things.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The amendments covered
•divers and sundry other things, and then the
committee have gone beyond both the bill and
the amendments, and provided fora great many
-other things. As I say, Mr. President, I do
not raise &is question or make this objection
because I am at all dissatisfied with the result
which the committee propose, but because I
believe it to be a dangerous and improper
method of legislation, and that committees of
conference ought not to be considered as hav-
ing authority to go beyond the powers that
■each House invests them with in endeavoring
to compose a specific point of difference between
the two Houses.
Mr. NYE. I submit to the hoaoc&ble Sena-
tor from Vermont whether it would n«t be more
in order for him when the bill comes Bp for
consideration, when he reaches any point in
the bill to which he desires to make; specific
objection, -upon the ground that it is, not ger-
mane, Jo then make his objection. I submit
that then we shall know what we are about.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is up. It is a report
of a committee ef conference, and-is before the
Senate now.
Mr. NYE. All I desire to say, being one
of that committee, is that we have followed
the precedents of other committees, and com-
mittees upon which the honorable Senator
himself has been.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should be glad to have
you name one.
Mr. NYE. I will when the time comes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is before the Senate
now.
Mr. NYE. We have not taken it up seriatim.
Mr.FRELINGHUYSEN. I suppose there
is no doubt but that the rale as stated by the
Senator from Vermont is the true rule, and
that this probably is a violation of it; but the
rule answers ail its purposes by suffering any
Senator to object to the result which the com-
mittee of conference has arrived at. If that
result meets with the unanimous assent of the
Senate, no injury is done; neither is the rule
violated substantially. Now I understand that
by this arrangement between the committees
about a million dollars a year is saved to the
"Government. I think that consideration will
induce my friend from Vermont to withhold
his objection, and to suffer this bill to pass.
SeveralSexatoks. "Question! "Question!"
' Mr. EDMUNDS. -What is the question?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to occupy
time; but I understood toy friend from Nevada
to say that when ,the question was-fairly before
the Senate, as it is now, he would refer to an
instance where I, as a member of a committee
of conference, had been guilty of the' same
stretch of power. I should like to hear the
case stated.
Mr. NYE. I do not attribute any guilt, and
I do not like the expression of- the honorable
Senator. I do not propose to be charged with
guilt by him. I say we have followed the pre-
cedent of every conference committee since I
have had the honor of a seat in this circle.
My honorable friend from Ohio will bear me
witness that many times, on financial bills,
committees of conference have added new sec-
tions which were great improvements upon the
original propositions, and the Senate have
approved them. Now Wo not desire to inter-
rapt the*passage of this bill by getting irtto a
controversy about what the Senator from Ver-
mont has done. If hp has not made such
reports I know he has agreed to other reports
of a like' character.
Mr. GRIMES:" "I do not ihmk there is any
teehrifcdl exprs&s trrittasnrole on this subject,
but I aisfpp'bsff whrft is here by'this
committee of conference iscontrary to sound
parliamentary usage".
Mr. EDMUNDS. And parliamentary law.
Mr. GRIMES. But such nsage has been
departed from by the Senate a dozen times at
every session of Congress since I have been a
member. Now, I suppose the Senate would
like to know exactly what there is in this bill.
Although not a member of the committee, I
believe I comprehend it It proposes to a
great extent to restore the Navy to tbe con-
dition in which it was prior to the rebellion.
It puts back the Marine corps officers to where
they were at that time, except that it allows
four first lieutenants and four second lieuten-
ants more than we had at that time andafew sub-
altern officers, sergeants, and corporals, more
than there were prior to that time. That was
a subject which was, under any rule of parlia-
mentary law, legitimately before the confer-
ence committee. So also was the question in
connection with the engineers.
The Committee, then, have done me the
honor to accept of several sections of a bill
which 1 introduced here a few weeks ago which
reduces the number of commodores on the
active list of the Navy from twenty-five, the
present number, to fifteen, not depriving any-
body of his commission," but saying that 110
more appointments shall be made to the grade
of commodore until the number is reduced
below fifteen. It has been found by the ex-
perience of the last five or six years, since we
have had commodores, that fifteen are as many
as the public necessities require to be in that
grade.
It then proposes to reduce the lieutenant
commanders from one hundred and forty-four,
which is the number fixed at present by law, to
eighty, andreenaetsarsectionof the law of 1862
which declares that lieutenant commanders
shall be the executive officers of ships. Having
so many lieutenant commanders as a hundred
and forty-four at present, we have been com-
pelled to put two or three of them in some in-
stances on board the same vessel, which operates
to the disadvantage of the service and of the dis-
cipline of the ship. It is thought better to re-
duce the number of lieutenant commanders and
create a larger number of lieutenants : there-
fore the number that is taken from the lieuten-
ant commanders is added to the number of
lieutenants. It then diminishes the number of
masters and the number of ensigns from one
hundred and forty-four in each grade to the
number of one hundred. It then limits the
number of surgeons and of paymasters. Before
the rebellion we had one hundred and forty-
eight surgeons in the surgeons corps. This
gives one hundred and fifty: but inasmuch as
there are twenty-four surgeons at the present
time on the retired list—about one half of whom
can be used for doty ashore—it really consid-
erably increases the number of surgeons over
what it was before the war. It then allows
one hundred paymasters in the various grades
of the pay corps. Before the war we had sixty-
four, but ft is necessary to have a larger num-
ber now than we had then, inasmuch as we have
imposed by law during the rebellion new duties
upon the paymaster's corps"; as, for example,
they perform now the duty of navy agents and
naval inspectors at the various navy-yards. -
There is a clause added elongating the office
of Judge Advocate General until the 30th day
of June next, when the office expires by the
limitations of law.
I have looked pretty carefully through this
bill, and I am satisfied that what has been stated
by the Senator from Missouri is correct, that it
will be a saving when it goes into operation of
about a million dollars a year to the Govern-
ment—somewhere between nine hundred thou-
sand and a million dollars. I think it will
improve rather than diminish the efficiency of
the naval service. It does not go as far as I
should like to go, but it is a good advance
toward what should be done.'
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President. I bate no
doubt there is very valuable retrenchment in
this bill. I was very much struck with the
remarks of tMhdhorable chairman ofthe GoiM-
mittee On Naval Affirfrs; > He aiwswi gives «8
information and light on ftny subjects con-
nected with that branch o>f the service wlen
he rises to speak. But I have seme doubts in
my mind whether the reduction Which he pro-
poses in the Marine corps is jvtdicibn*. I (Cm
rather inclined to think that the redu£$«n
which he proposes in the Marine corps If ex-
treme, and that the strength of that branch of
the service will net be adequate to the demands
of the country upon -it if this bill is passed.
Mrj President, there is a more important
principle and consideration than any I have
named in the matter of this report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses. They report the conclu-
sions ofthe committee, the action ofthe com-
mittee ; and the report of this committee em-
bodies matter entirely oat of the jurisdiction
of all committees of conference according to
all parliamentary rnlc. The only points of
conference between the two Houses, accord-
ing to fey understanding <sf the principle of
conference upK>n disagreeing votes ofthe two
Houses, is this: that the action of the com-
mittee of conference and its recommendation
and report shall be restricted literally to the
points of difference between the two Houses.
It has no right whatever to introduce new mat-
ter, and the introduction of new matter inter-
feres materially with the rights of the two Houses
of Congress under the express provisions of the
Constitution, one of which is that a bill shall
have three separate readings on' three separate
days and that upon each reading there shall
be a liberty of debate. This practice of intro-
ducing entirely new, and very frequently, as in
the present case, most important matters' ifito
th^e deliberations and action of a committee of
conference, deprives the two Houses of their
constitutional right to consider important sub-
jects that are embodied in the report of the
committee of conference, according to their
rights as secured by the Constitution. The
amendments to this bill are much more im-
portant, in my judgment, than the original
bill; that is, the amendments introduced by the
committee of conference, the extraneous mat-
ter, matter which ought to compose the sub-
stance of a separate "and distinct bill; ■
Mr. GRIMES. The question as to the Ma-
rine corps was in the original bill. That was
legitimately under the consideration of the
conference committee.
Mr. DAVIS. That I concede; but I am
speaking now generally as to the rights of the
two Houses and as to the violation of these
rights by this report. I think myself that the
Senate owes it to itself, that the House ef
Representatives owes it to itself, to the. free-
dom of debate, to the deliberation with which
measures are considered and matured, to the
declaration in the Constitution itself that a bill
shall be read upon three separate days ami
shall not have all three readings npon the- Same
day if there is a single objection, to put k stop
to this practice. It seems to me that all'this
process and this essential practice in the mass
of legislation by the two Houses of Congress
ought to be performed, srad' that there is no
better time than now for a reformation and for
getting back to the true principles of legisla-
tion which secure deliberate and well-consid-
ered action in relation to all subject* consid-
ered by Congress.
The astute and correct Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Edmunds,] I think, was right in
tbe exception he took to tbe validity of this
report. I believe that the report transeet^s
the jurisdiction - of the committee of confer-
ence; it is it violation of their legitimate
powers under all parliamentary proceeding;
it is subversive of the rights of the two Houses
in deliberating upon important subjects of
legislation; and the effect is to precipitate ia a
confused manner without proper deliberation
aad information upon the two Houses bf Con-
gress most important subjects <jf le^tetgjcrp
that are improperly obtruded, ioto actiqn
of the committee of conference, and of whioh
