1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
40th Cong—3d Sess. Heald and Wright Frauds on the Choctaw Indians—Mr. Mungen. Ho. of Reps.
vision of the act may be arrested in any of the
States or Territories of the Union. Section
twenty-seven provides for actions and proceed-
ings against the parties violating the provisions
of the act, and section twenty-eight provides
for proceedi ngs against the propertyofoffenders.
How can violators of the law come here and
ask Congress to pay them for their illicit, not
to say disloyal traffic? Section seven of article
seven of the constitutionof the Choctaw nation
contains these words:
"No law shall ftvfr be parsed to raise a loan of
money upon the credit of this nation for the pay-
ment or redemption of any loan or debt, unless such
law be proposed in the senate or house of repre-
sentatives, and be agreed to by a majority of each
house and entered on their journals, with the yeas
aDd n9ys taken thereon, nnd be referred to the next
succeeding general council, and published through-
out the nation for three months previous to the next
general election," &c.
Nothing of this kind was ever done in this
case; no loan was ever authorized by the na-
tion from Heald. A people so jealous of and
so completely guarded by the provisions of
their fundamental law in regard to borrowing
money never asked a loan from Heald, as
pretended. Another item in the account of
Heald is for sixty-two bales of cotton alleged
to have been at Seullyville, in the Choctaw
nation, in 1861 or 1862. How came Mr. Heald
to be the owner of cotton there, and in those
years? Did he raise it or did he buy<it? He
claims to have been a loyal citizen and resident
of Massachusetts at the time. I am of the
opinion that if there were any cotton at Seully-
ville in those years it belonged to some person
other than Mr. Heald, perhaps to his late rebel
partner, Mr. Dow, or his blockade-running
agent and also late partner, Mr. F. E. Wil-
liams, who may have expended his confederate
bonds in its purchase. If Mr. Heald had his
cotton there at the commencement of the re-
bellion in 1861 what prevented him from send-
ing it to market? All these things present
themselves to my mind and force upon me the
conviction that the claim is a fraud and an
outrage upon the Choctaw nation. It bears
the stamp of fraud on its face.
The next largest item is for a mill and ma-
chinery claimed to be owned by Heald at
Seullyville, in the Choctaw nation. The proof
shows that this machinery was removed by
United States officers to Fort Smith, Arkansas,
and set up in the Government workshop there,
and that the Choctaws never injured it in any
way whatever.
Tbereis strong reason to believe that the mill
in question never was owned directly nor re-
motely by either of the noble quartette, Heald,
Wright, Williams, or Dow; but was, in fact,
the property of the confederate general, Albert
Pike, or of the confederate government. In
either case Heald or his partuers had no
right to the mill, nor have they any right to set
up any claim here for damages. If they claim
any right by purchase from the confederate
government orfrom a confederate officer during
the rebellion it is void, and the transaction
should brand them as traitors to this Govern-
ment.
There is strong reason to believe, however,
that the saw-mill was returned by our Govern-
ment to Heald and Wright, or some other one
of the firm, and by some one of them, I believe
Mr. Heald, sold to one J. K. Kennedy for some
six thousand dollars, and that he is still running
the mill at Fort Smith. At all events, the mill is
still at Fort Smith, still sawing, and is yet the
property of J. R. Kennedy, or washisat last ac-
counts. No matter how this is, one thing is cer-
tain, that if Heald, or Heald & Wright, or Heald,
Wright & Co., or Heald, Williams, Dow &
Wright, or any or either or all of them are
entitled to anything, the proof shows clearly
that it is the C nited States, and- not the Choc-
taw nation, to whom he or they should look for
compensation. Other items in the accounts
of Mr. Heald or Heald & Wright are for debts
due by individual Indians, on account of goods
sold them on credit, and running through the
various years daring which those gentlemen
were licensed and unlicensed traders in the
Choctaw country. It is almost if not quite
certain that many of these charges are against
Indians who were in the confederate service
with the guilty knowledge of some of the firm'
and claimants now here as " Heald & Wright,
of Massachusetts."
I have seen no evidence in their report to
warrant Messrs. Rice and Jackson in allowing
such demands against the Choctaw nation.
Those here representing the Choctaws assert
that Heald and Wright favored the rebel cause;
that Wright readily furnished supplies to the
rebel troops; and that if any connection still
existed between Heald and Williams and Dow
the concern was actively engaged in transac-
tions with the rebel authorities in the years
1861 and 1862.
The claimants, Heald and Wright, although
they knew this was charged against them dur-
ing the pendency of this claim heretofore,
have produced nothing to controvert this asser-
tion, but, on the contrary, all their associa-
tions, and the written evidence produced,
pretty conclusively establish the fact charged
against them.
There is no doubt but that Heald was well
informed as to the gold deposited in Philadel-
phia ; and as things then ^ere, it is evidence
that all parties supposed it would be confiscated
by the Government should its place of deposit
be discovered.
Had Heald been the loyal man he claims to
have been why did he not give information to
the Government so that the gold could have
been discovered ? It was well known that the
officers of the Government were endeavoring
to discover this deposit at the very time Wil-
liams was endeavoringto purchase it and Heald
was engaged in covering it up. Wright has not
denied the charge that he furnished supplies to
the rebel troops, nor is it denied that Dow, one
of the partners of Heald & Co., was in the
rebel service. The Choctaws deny that their
treasurer ever borrowed any money of Joseph
G. Heald. He had no right to do so without
an act of the council of the nation authorizing
such a loan.
The Choctaws therefore object to the pro-
posed sales of stocks or bonds held and
assumed as trusts for their benefit by the
United States on the ground, first, that the
terms of the treaty and obligations assumed
by the Government do not authorize it; and
second, that all orvery nearly all of the claims
set up by J. G. Heald and Reuben Wright are
fraudulent and not covered by the terms of
the fiftieth article of the treaty of April 28,
1866, and were in violation of the intercourse
act of 1834.
In this view of the matter I concur, for I do
not see how the United States can sell these
funds without a violation of the trust assumed
by them for the benefit of the Choctaws, and I
am also satisfied that a great imposition has
been practiced on the Government, and on the
Choctaws by the parties setting up these claims,
and that they were acting in violation of the
intercourse law.
It is proper to call attention again to the
fact that the Indian tribes sustain the relation
of wards to the Government, and they are
therefore entitled to the benefit of all the moral
as well as legal obligations which attach to that
relation. One of the most obvious of these
obligations or duties on the part of the guard-
ian, which in this case is the Government, is
that of protecting against wrong if attempted
to be perpetrated by others, and a fortiori to
abstain itself from the commission of wrongs.
In this particular case this double duty rests
upon the Government, in the first place to pro-
tect the Choctaws against claims set up against
them which they have had no fair opportunity
of contesting, and in the second place to pre-
serve funds held iu trust which have been
solemnly devoted to the purposes of education
or otherwise.
The grounds upon which the amendment is
urged is, that the '' Choctaw nation agreed to
pay the amount," and that, the bill only pro-
vides for the manner and means of payment.
The only evidence of suck facts, as I under-
stand the question, is the statement of Messrs.
Rice and Jackson in their report that Allen
Wright, principal chief of the Choctaw nation,
and John Page, a citizen of the nation, ex-
amined the claims of Heald.and Wright, and
admitted they were just and should be paid.
I understand the Choctaw nation to have a
written constitution and laws and a represent-
ative form of Government; and upon .an ex-
amination of the constitution and laws can
find no authority in the principal chief or Mr.
Page to confess judgment against the nation.
I have been furnished with no law making
them attorneys for that purpose, nor have they
pretended to produce authority from the Choc-
taw nation to act as their agents. Besides, it
is a fact that Wright was only chief-elect at
the time.
It is also contended that the delegates of the
Choctaw nation, sent here only to negotiate
the treaty of April 28, 1866, allowed the claim
of Heald and Wright, and hence it ought to
be paid. The Choctaw nation by solemn en-
actment denied their authority to do so. And
the fiftieth article of the treaty under which
the claims are set up does not admit of such
a construction. If such were the fact, why the
necessity of a commission to ascertain the facts?
The only evidence of any allowance or ad-
mission of indebtedness on the part of the
Choctaw delegation of 1866 is found in the fol-
lowing paper, on file in the office of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs. Here is the paper:
The Choctaws agree and stipulate to pay to Joseph
G. Heald, of Massachusetts, who for many years
traded among and befriended them, the sum of
$70,288 80 in full of all domands for spoliations upon
his property, and for other reclamations and debts
due to him by the Choctaws, which sum shall be paid
out of the $300,000 in the event the Choctaws receive
the same under the provisions of the third article of
this treaty; and in the event they do notreceive the
same under said article, then to be paid in two an-
nual installments with interest at the rate of five
per cent.
The foregoing article, after full consideration, has
been approved by us; and we request that it be in-
serted in the treaty, April 28,1&>6.
ALLEN WRISHT,
JOHN PAGE.
JAMES REILEY,
ALFRED WADE.
Now, these men. if they had any power, only
had the power to negotiate the treaty and not
the power to settle or allow claims or strike
balances. The parties who obtained the names
or signatures to the foregoing knew very well
the trick they were playing and the advantage
they gained if the paper were of any validity.
Those who signed the paper will certainly re-
ceive the thanks of the Choctaw people, and
will long be remembered by them, but I doubt
whether they will be employed again in their
behal f.
If Messrs. Heald and the other partners rely
on this paper, they should be governed by its
terms. Under its provisions the amount al-
lowed to be paid, if it were just, is not yet due.
The three hundred thousand is by the terms of
the treaty held by the United States in trust, to
be paid to the Choctaw nation or appropriated
otherwise, as events might determine. Until
the time when such contingency is to be de-
termined and made eertain according to the
above agreement, if it be of any force, which
I deny, ihey have no claim against the nation.
They can have none until after such contin-
gency has become a certainty. (See article
three, treaty of 1866.)
I find no such allowance in favor of Mr.
Wright, and the only evidence upon which his
claim is based is the fact reported by Messrs.
Rice and Jackson, that Allen Wright and Jolm
Page said the award in his favor was just and
correct.
