log
. APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 3,
Ho. of Reps.
Railroad from Washington to New York—Mr. Cook.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
I do not find a scintilla of evidence taken by
the commissioners to establish the fact that
Heald and Wright were licensed traders in the
Choctaw nation at the commencement of the
rebellion; that they were and remained loyal
during the war; or that no portion of the arti-
cles charged for where furnished the nation or
individuals thereof in aid of the rebellion with-
out their consent. These points are very ma-
terial under the treaty,, and their claim must
fail without this proof.
It seems manifest to me that the amendment
should not pass; that simple justice demands
that a new investigation be ordered in accord-
ance with the terms of the treaty ; that the
Choctaw authorities have proper notice of the
time and place of meeting of the commission ;
that such meeting be held within the limits of
the Choctaw country, and at such place therein
as the authorities of the nation and the com-
missioners may agree upon, and that the Choc-
taw authorities may be permitted to be present
at the investigation.
This Government owes the Choctaw nation
some fifty thousand or more dollars of an un-
paid balance under treaty stipulations exclu-
sive of the $1,000,000 I have mentioned. If
the claims of Heald and Wright and their con-
freres were just it should be paid out of this
balance without disturbing the trust funds
sacredly held by our Government and dedicated
to the purposes of education and civilization—
to schools and churches, and made by the most
solemn enactments and declarations irredu-
cible. Let us not disturb those trusts and vio-
late the plighted faith of our Government, and
disregard the obligations we are under as the
guardian of those people.
Railroad from Washington to It'ew York.
SPEECH OF HON. BURTON C. COOK,
OF H.MNOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
February 3 and 4, 1869,
On the bill (H. R. No. 621) to authorize tho building
of a military and postal railway from Washing-
ton, District of Columbia, to the city of New York.
Mr. COOK. I presume that it will be ad-
mitted by every one that a railroad from this
city to New York such as is proposed by this
bill would be of very great advantage to the
Government and to the public. A single road
is now the only means of communication be-
teen the political capital and the commercial
capital of the nation, between this city and the
northern section of the country. Not long
since, when this capital was menaced by ene-
mies on every side, we saw how utterly insuffi-
cient for the transportation of troops, material
of war, and subsistence for the Army to secure
the safety of the capital of the nation was this
single road; we saw also that it was entirely
unsafe to depend upon a single road for the
transportation of troops and supplies when
that road was liable at many points to be as-
sailed and broken up. It cannot be denied
successfully that the construction of an air-line
road from this city to New York would be as
legitimate an exercise of the power to provide
for the common defense as the casting of can-
non or the establishment of magazines.
The road is necessary to secure the certain
transmission of the mails. It has appeared in
evidence before the committee, by the state-
ment of the Postmaster General, that he has not
been able to make a contract for the carrying
of the mails between Washington and New
York upon the conditions prescribed by law,
and thai the proposition that the railroad cor-
porations forming the continuous line between
said cities might refuse to carry the mails of
the United States has been frequently stated
by the officers of said roads, and the commit-
tee see no reason why it is not in the power
of the corporation to cut off all railway postal
communication between Washington and New
York. The construction of the road is neces-
sary to relieve commerce from the burdens
imposed upon it by State legislation.
The eighth section of the law of Maryland,
^passed in 1882, provides that " one fifth of the
whole amount which may be received for the
transportation of passengers on said railroad
by said company during the six months last
preceding shall be reserved and paid to the
treasurer" of the State of Maryland. It is
then provided—
"That: the charge for conveying each person the
whole distance between the cities of Baltimore and
Washington shall not be reduced below the maxi-
mum of $2 50 hereinbefore established, unless by the
consent of the General Assembly."
It is then provided further:
" That in no case shall the amount received by the
State from the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany, for the conveyance of each person the whole
distance between the two cities, be less than twenty-
five cents."
The second section provides for a reduction
of fare where there are a certain number of
passengers to be carried from one city to the
other, and to be returned within three days,
in which event the rate of fare is to be reduced,
which would be an anomaly now in railroad
fares; but the section concludes :
"Provided always. That one fifth of all such pas-
sage money so receiv.ed be accounted for and paid
into the State treasury as aforesaid."
The law of New Jersey chartering the Cam-
den and Amboy railroad provides :
"That from and after the completion of the said
road or roads it shall be the duty of the treasurer of
the said company, under oath or affirmation, to make
quarterly returns of the number of passengers and
the number of tons of goods, wares, and merchan-
dise transported on said road or roads to the treas-
urer of this State for the time being, and thereupon
to pay to the said treasurer of the State at the rate
of ten cents for each and every passenger, and the
sum of fifteen cents for each and every ton of mer-
chandise so transported thereon, and that no other
tax or impost shall bo levied or assessed upon the
said company."
Wehave seen, also, within a few months, that
persons passing along the existing route have
been violently assailed for their political views
and beaten and outraged. I do not say that
the road was responsible for this; I do not
know whether this was so or not; but I state
a historical fact when I say that passengers
have been placed in great peril and subjected
to gross Qutrage on account of their political
opinions.
But I only propose to state, not to discuss,
some of the reasons why an air-line railroad
from this city to New York would be of very
great public benefit, and to confine my remarks
to a discussion of the question whether Con-
gress has the constitutional power to pass this
bill. The eighth section of the first article of
the Constitution provides—
" That Congress shall have power to regulate com-
merce among the several States."
There are some questions arising under this
clause of the Constitution that have been so
often decided by the Supreme Court, and the
construction given so long acquiesced in by
every department of the Government, as to
have become fixed and settled permanently,
and to be no longer open to discussion; and
1. It is settled by judicial definition that the
term commerce, as used in this clause of the
Constitution, means the interchange of mer-
chandize and the intercourse ofpersons between
two or more States.
2. It is also settled that the power to regu-
late commerce conferred upon Congress is a
power to prescribe rules in conformity with
which commerce must be carried on, and ex-
tends to the persons who conduct it and to
the instruments used.
3. It is also settled that the means used
for the transportation of merchandise and of
passengers from one State to another are the
instruments of commerce. In support of these
propositions I cite the case of Cooley vs. The
Board of Wardens, 12 Howard, 316, as one of
many cases that might be cited.
The commerce among the several States
when the Constitution was adopted was limited
to a few million dollars. In the year ending
March 31, 1867, the- value of freight trans-
ported by railroad across the State of Illinois
alone, from east to west, was $411,000,000. The
value of freight transported across the same
State by railroad from west to east was
$235,000,000.
It cannot be successfully controverted that
the immense traffic now'carried on between the
several States, the interchange of the com-
modities of such States, and the transit of
passengers from one State to another, consti-
tute commerce among the several States ac-
cording to the strictest meaning of these jyords
as used in the Constitution; and in the case of
Gibbons to. Ogden, (9 Wheaton, 191,) it was
expressly held by the Supreme Court of the
United States that wherever'' commerce among
the States goes the power of the nation goes
with it to protect and enforce its rights." That
at this day railroads extending from one State
to another are the instruments of commerce
among the States cannot be questioned, and
if the power to regulate commerce among the
several States extends to the instruments of
commerce as settled by the Supreme Court in
the case of Cooley vs. The Board of Wardens,
(12 Howard, 316,) then the power of Congress
to pass this bill cannot be successfully denied.
It is well known that one of the principal
reasons which led to the adoption of the Con-
stitution was to rescue commerce from the
embarrassments and restrictions resulting from
the legislation of so many different States, and
to place it under the protection of a uniform
law. The debates in the convention show
that the national power over commerce was
conceded to be of primary importance. Of
what avail would it be to prohibit States from
imposing any tax or impost upon the com-
modities of other States passing through it if
the State has a right to control the avenues of
commerce and to authorize corporations cre-
ated by the State to impose any tariffs of
freight, and place any restrictions upon the
commerce of other States that may be for
their interest? In either case the power is the
same for one State to render others tributary
to it in their commercial relations.
A very material and essential object of this
power to regulate commerce among the States
was the relief of those States which, from their
peculiar geographical position, must import and
export through other States, from the improper
contributions which might be levied upon them
by the latter. Were the several States at lib-
erty to regulate the question between State
and State, means might be resorted to to load
the articles of export and import, during their
passage through their jurisdictions, with bur-
dens which would fall with peculiar severity
on the citizens of the interior States. Since
the adoption of the Constitution the import-
ance of these considerations has greatly in-
creased. A large number of new States have
grown up, at a great distance from the sea-
board, whpse exports and imports are carried
mainly over the great lines of railroad. If
any State has the right, either directly or in-
directly, to collect from the inhabitants of
other States passing through it any tax or
impost whatever, whether the same be col-
lected directly from the passenger or freight,
or from the corporation, in proportion to the
number of its passengers or the amount of its
freight., and so indirectly from the passenger
or freight, or if a State may lay a special tax
upon any particular line of road, its passen-
gers, or earnings, different from that imposed
on other roads, and in consideration of the
payment of such tax may grant to the corpo-
ration the right to fix its own charges, and
provide by law against the construction of any
competing line, a very heavy burden may be
imposed upon the people of the interior States,
and the relief sought to be secured by the pro-
