1869.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
40th Coxg....3d Sess.
Railroad from Washington to New York—Mr. Cook.
Ho. of Reps.
vision of the Constitution which gives power
to Congress to regulate commerce among the
sev eral States be in a great measure lost.
It isinsisteil that although the power to regu-
late commerce among the several States is given
to Congress by the Constitution, yet this power
is limited to commerce carried on over the
11 avigablewaters of the country. To this it may
be answered that the power given in the Con-
stitution to Congress to regulate commerce
among the States is an unqualified power, not
limited to any particular branch nor restricted
to any specified instruments of commerce.
The power conferred is not a power to regulate
navigation, but the power to regulate com-
merce, and if commerce be not limited to the
interchange of commodities and the intercourse
of persons by boats and vessels, or by navigable
waters, then the power of Congress is not
limited to the regulation of navigation only.
The necessity is the same for the exercise by
Congress of the power to regulate commerce
carried on by railway as that carried on by
steamboat. The reason for the power is the
same. The grant of power in the Constitution
applies, by its terms, equally to both. Com-
merce among the several States is not, at this
day, exclusively or even mainly carried on by
water ; other instruments of commerce are now
used unknown to the framers of the Constitu-
tion, but which seem as plainly within the letter
of the Constitution as the instruments of com-
merce which were known to the framers of that
instrument. In the case of Graycs. The Clin-
ton Bridge Company, reported in the American
Law Register for January, 1868, Mr. Justice
Miller, of the Supreme Court of the United
States, says:
" Navigation, however, is only one of the elements
of eommcrce. It is an element of commerce because
it affords the means of transporting passengers and
merchandise, the interchange of which is commerce
itself. Any other mode of effecting this would be as
mueh an element of commerce as navigation. When
this transportation or interchange of commodities is
carried on by laud, it is commerce as well as when
earned on by water, and the power of Congress to
regulate it is as ample in the one case as in the other.
The ' commerce among the States' spoken of in the
Constitution must, at the time that instrument was
adopted, have been mainly of this character, for the
steamboat, which has created our great internal com-
merce on the rivers, was then unknown.
" Anothermeans of transportation, equalin import-
ance to the steamboat, has also come into existence
since the Constitution was adopted, ameans by which
merchandise is transported across States and king-
doms in the same vehicle in whieh it started. The
railroad now shares with the steamboat the monop-
oly of the carrying trade. The one has, with great
benefit, been subject to the control of salutary con-
gressional legislation, because it is an instrument of
commerce. Is thereany reason why the other should
not ? However, this question may be answered in
regard to that commerce which is conducted wholly
within the limitsof a State, and is, therefore, neither
foreign commerce nor commerce among the States.
It seems to me, that where these roads become parts
of great highways of our Union, transporting a com-
merce whieh embraces many States, and destined,
as some Of these roads are, to become the channels
through which the nations of Europe and Asia shall
interchange their commodities, there can be no rea-
son to doubt that to regulate them is to regulate
commerce, both with foreign nations and among the
States; and that to refuse to dothisisarefusaltodis-
eharge one of the most important duties of the Fed-
eral Government. As already intimated, theshaekles
with which the different States fettered commerce in
their selfish efforts to benefit themselves at the ex-
pense of their confederates was one of the main
causes which led to the formation of our present Con-
, stitution. The wonderful growth of that commerce,
! since ithas been placed exclusively underthecontrol
i of the Federal Government, has justified the wisdom
j of our fathers. But are we to remit the most valua-
; ble part of that commerce again to thecontrolof the
| States, and to the consequentvexations and burdens
: which the States may impose through whose territo-
| ries it must be carried on ? And must all this be
! permitted because the carrying is done by a method
I not thought of when the Constitution was framed ?
I " For myself, I must say, that I have no doubt of
the right of Congress to prescribe all needful and
proper regulations for the conduct of this immense
traffic over any railroad which has voluntarily be-
come part of one of those lines of interstate commu-
nication, or to authorize the creation of such roads,
when the purposes of interstate transportation of
persons and property justify or require it."
Before the days of railroads, in the celebrated
case of Gibbons vs. Ogden, above referred to,
Mr. Webster said:
"A road, indeed, may be a matter of great com-
mercial concern; in many cases it is so; and when it
is so I think there is no doubt of the power of Con-
gress to make it."
When the Constitution was adopted com-
merce was carried on in sailing vessels. When
steamboats were used it was not insisted that
Congress had no control over them because
they were instruments of commerce not known
when the Constitution was adopted, but im-
mediate, complete, and unquestioned jurisdic-
tion was assumed by Congress over them
because they were instruments of commerce
among the several States.
I ask the House to look at some of the results
which must follow the conclusion that the Uni-
ted States has not the power to regulate com-
merce between the several States when carried
over railroads. In such case the State of New
York, extending from the ocean to the great
lakes, might refuse to allow the construction of
any road by whieh the commerce of the New
England States could reach any other portion
of the Union by railway, thus effectually cut-
ting off the greatest portion of the commerce
of those States; or the State of Maryland eould
control perfectly all the avenues of communi-
cation between New York and the capital. It
is no answer to say that this will not be done.
The point is, has any State the constitutional
power thus to cripple the commerce of another
State?
But it is insisted that Congress has no power
to authorize the construction of a railroad, even
if it has the power of regulating commerce over
those already existing and extending from
State to State.
I do not see how smy distinction can be made
between the power to widen and deepen a river
so that the commerce of the country can be
carried on by an avenue through which it could
not pass before and constructing a railroad for
the same purpose. The end sought in either
case is the same, and the exercise of power is
the same. If Congress may deepen Lake St.
Clair, it may construct a railroad around it if
the interests of commerce would be better
served thereby. And it is too late now to ques-
tion the power of Congress to create avenues
of commerce which did not before exist by the
improvement of those great rivers which,
reaching from State to State, may be made
instruments of commerce among the States. I
call attention to the following tables to show
how constantly this power has been exercised
by Congress:
Statement of Appropriations for the construction and repair of roads and for the improvements of rivers in the United States and the amounts
expended in each State.
No.
Designation of work.
Year.
Amounts
appropriated.
Total
amount.
In
what State.
Total in
each State.
By whom
approved.
6
Removing obstructions in the Berwick branch of Piscataqua river,
1828
$8,000 00
Maine.
J. Q. Adams.
Removing obstructions in the Berwick branch of Piscataqua river,
1832
250 00
$8,250 00
137,383 72
Jackson.
7
Military road from Mattanawcook to Mars Hill, North Carolina 
Military road from Mattanawcook to Mars Hill, North Carolina.......
Military road from Mattanawcook to Mars Hill, North Carolina 
Military road from Mattanawcook to Mars Hill, North Carolina..., 
Military road from Mattanawcook to Mars Hill, North Carolina 
Military road from Mattanawcook to Mars Hill, North Carolina 
1828
1829
1830
1831
1832
1834
15,000 00
42,932 00
47,451 72
5.000 00
21,000 00
6,000 00
J. Q. Adams.
J. Q. Adams.
Jackson.
Jackson.
Jackson.
Jackson.
$145,633 72
8
Deepening the channel of the Cochcco branch of Piscataqua river,
1836
5,000 00
N. Hampshire
Jackson.
Deepening the channel of the Cocheco branch of Piscataqua river,
1837
5,000 00
10,000 00
Jackson.
$10,000 00
10
Deepening the channel between the Hero islands, Lake Champlain,
1836
15,000 00
V ermont.
Jackson.
Deepening the channel between the Hero islands, Lake Champlain,
1837
6,000 00
21,000 00
Jaokson.
$21,000 00
11
Deepening the channel at the mouth of the Mernmac river, Massa-
1828
32,100 00
Massachusetts
J. Q. Adams.
Deepening the channel at the mouth of the Mernmac river, Massa-
1830
3,500 72
Jackson.
Deepening "the cbannei at the mouth of the Merrimac river, Massa-
1831
16,000 00
Jackson.
Deopening tile c'hannei at the mouth of tho Merrimac river, Massa-
1833
4,900 00
Jackson,
Deepening the channel at the mouth of the Mcrrimac river, Massa-
183t
3,860 00
60,366 72
Jackson.
$60,366 72
