1869.
THE .CONGRESSIONAL MM
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 13, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
this morning is the unjinished business pend-
ing at the adjournment last evening, being the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 404) extending the
protection of the United States to the repub-
lics of Hayti,and San Domingo. This reso-
lution was reported from tlie Committee on
Foreign Affairs by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Banks,] who is entitled to the
floor for twenty minutes.
charles e. dole.
Mr. PETERS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1674) for the relief
of Charles E. Dole ; whicli was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
riclief of poor in the district.
Mr. BUTLER,of Massachusetts. Iaskthat,
by unanimous consent, the House take from
the Speaker's table the bill to appropriate
money fortbe poor of the District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the bill (S. No. 693) for the temporary relief
of the poor and destitute people in the District
of Columbia will be taken from the Speaker's
table for action at the present time.
Mr. McKEE. I object.
cost and income of dnited states mints.
Mr.WASHBURNE,of Illinois. Itrustthe
House will consent to adopt at this time two
resolutions calling for information which is
desired by the Committee on Appropriations.
The first is the following :
Ri-solved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to furnish a statement of cost of the mint
at Carson City, Nevada, with estimates showing the
cost of running thegame, and the revenue to be de-
rived therefrom; aljo, the cost in detail of running
the se vera t mints of the United States, and the income
received from the same.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
north western boundary commission.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, also, by
unanimous consent, submitted the following
resolution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to :
Resolved. That the Secretary of State be directed
to communicate to the House the total amount ex-
pended for the United States northwestern boundary
commission, and to give in detail the items of expend-
iture, the number and names of the pe'sons em-
ployed in such commission, how long employed. and
at what salaries, and the nature and extent ot the
services performed.
belle r. davis.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1675) for the relief of
Belle R. Davis; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
mary and alice davis.
Mr. KERR also, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1676) for the relief
of Mary and Alice Davis, minors ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
adam hard!'.
Mr. KERR also, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1677) for the relief
of Adam Hardt; which was read a first and
second time, -and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
scott and brindlhy.
Mr. KERR also, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H.'R. No. 1078) for the relief
of Scott & Brindley; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
s. s. potter.
Mr. KERR also, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1679) for ths relief
of S. S. Potter; which was read a first -and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
indians in dakota territory.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of-the Interior, transmitting a letter
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs relative
to Indian affairs at Fort Randall, Dakota Ter-
ritory, and asking an appropriation for addi-
tional supplies; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
indian invasions in texas.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
resolutions of the constitutional convention of
Texas, requesting the Congress of the United
States to call into service a regiment of Texas
cavalry to repel Indian invasion ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
jambs v. w. bolton.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, by unan-
imous consent, obtained leave to withdraw
from the files of the Committee of Claims the
papers in the case of James W. W. Bolton, for
the purpose presenting the same to the Senate.
leave of absence.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Hclburd and Mr. Van Aernam.
member swolln in.
Mr. DAWES. I present the credentials of
Mr. James T. Elliott, elected to fill an exist-
ing vacancy in the second district of Arkansas.
He lias had his disabilities removed by act of
Congress, I understand. I move, therefore,
that the oath of office be now administered to
him.
Mr* James T. Elliott accordingly appeared,
and was duly qualified by taking the oath of
office required by law.
norman wiard.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
from the select Committee on Ordnance, sub-
mitted a report in writing on ordnance con-
tracts, and reported a bill (H. R. No. 1680)
for the relief of Norman Wiard; which was
read a first and second time, recommitted to
the committee, and, with the report, ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SC1IENCK. As I do not desire to take
any advantage by reporting this bill now, I
move to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was recommitted; and also move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
thayti and san domingo protectorate.
/ The House resumed the consideration_of the
unfinished business pending at the adjourn-
ment yesterday, being joint resolution (H. R.
No. 404) extending the protection of the United
States to the republics of Hayti and San Do-
mingo; on which Mr. Banks was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I have very
little to offer in addition to what I said yester-
day. The resolution has been printed and is
before members of the House. It proceeds
upon the theory that the Government and peo-
ple of this island desire the protection pro-
posed. I stated yesterday that I was not au-
thorized to say that officially, though I believed
it to be true. I wish to say this morning, in
the most emphatic manner, that an appeal has
been made to this Government for action of
this character. It is upon the strength of that
appeal that this resolution has been presented.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to ask "in what
shape that appeal comes.
Mr. BANKS. I do not wish to go further
than the statement I have made.
Mr. CULLOM. Is it made by the Govern-
ment or by a portion of the people of that
island? .
Mr. BANKS. By parties authorized to
speakfor the Government and people. I make
the statement this morning that the action pro-
posed proceeds upon the fact that such an ap-
peal has been made. I did not say this yes-
terday., but I do say it bow. I do not wish to
trouble the House .further with remarks upot
this subject at the present time. I do not wish
to limit discussion. I desire the House to take
all the time upon this subject that in the pres-
ent condition of business it can accord to it,
confident as I am that the more it is discussed
the better it will be understood and the more
strong will be the judgment in favor of the
action now proposed by the Committee on For-
eign Affairs. I desire to say, however, that I
propose before action is taken, if no other
member shall move in that direction, to sub-
mit an amendment which will preclude any
possible danger of armed intervention by the
United States in the affairs of the island or
that shall involve us in any question of armed
force as concerns that people. I now yield, to
allow my colleague [Mr. Butler] to offer an
amendment.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman de-
sire that the amendment should be considered
as pending?
Mr. BANKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I offer
the following as a substitute for the joint res-
olution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled.
That the President of the United States be, and he
hereby is, authorized to extend the protection of the
United States over either of the islands of the Antil-
les to such extent as he may deem expedient and not
inconsistent with the laws of nations whenever the
government established in either of them or the
people thereof shall desire suoh protection of the
United States: Provided, That any action in this
behalf on the part of the Executive shall be forth-
with reported to Congress: And provided further.
That no payment or expenditure of money in car-
rying this resolution into effect shall be made or con-
tracted for without previous authority of Congress.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to offer an
amendment to the substitute.
Mr. BANKS. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to insert after
the word "Antilles " the words " or any other
islands in the Atlantic or Pacific oceans which
lie nearer to the coast of the United States
than to that of any foreign Government."
Mr. BANKS. I will yield to my colleague
who introduced the substitute to debate it if
he pleases. I only desire to say that it stands
on a different principle from that of the ori-
ginal resolution. While I do not object to it if
the House chooses to extend it, I do not wish
to be understood as approving the substitute.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I desire the attention of the House
for one moment to the amendment which 1 have
proposed. The original proposition is that
J<eiiever the Governments of Hayti and San
_ omingo desire the protection ot the United
States the President of the United States shall
be in a condition, by the authorization of Con-
gress, to extend it, provided that it shall not
involve the United States in any breach of
treaty obligations or expenses. The amend-
ment which I have offered extends this right
of protection to all the islands of the Antilles :
and the honorable member from Ohio [Mr.
Sjpalding] proposes to extend the principle
to every island adjacent to our territory on
either shore, looking, I suppose, to the Sand-
wich Islands, if the time shall come or is ripe
for most of these islands coming under our
protection. The amendment that I have offered
proposes that, wherever in the islands of the
American seas any body of men associated
together under the forms of government desire
the protection of the United States the^ Pres-
ident shall have a right, in his discretion,_ to
extend that protection. I cannot help looking
forward to the immediate future, and not a far-
distant future, when the whole system of gov-
ernment in the islands of the Antilles—whether
the Governments of Denmark or of Spain, or
the republican governments there—will crum-
ble to pieces, and the islands will go out, bj'
natural process, from under their former gov-
ernments. And they belong to us so lar by
position and by the laws of nature that it is
required for us to interpose our good offices to
aid them to come to us and under our laws.
