THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE,
February 17,
to put reconstruction oil; that military bill; b ut
if you will trace the history of that measure
you will find that the Senate amendment was
changed until it lost the essential features
which it Bore when it left this Chamber. As
it finally passed it w%s .another and a different
measure, and ft has ;Kj&d ntbpr and different
effects from those which were originally contem-
plated for it. Besides, as a compensation for
that illusory concession by the House, another
bill was.got.up,, a supplement, and passed only
fcwlenty-one days afterward, to wit, on the 23d
of , March,-1867, by which all the liberal fea-
tures of,the reconstruction act of the 2d o£
Harcti were struck down, and for them .were
substituted rigid rules of exclusion from suf-
frage in the South and extended power and
authority to the military commanders in that
region.
If, therefore,"sir, on the present occasion the,
Senate shall conclude to take back all that it
has done upon this subject, to withdraw, its-
proposition entirely from the field of debate
and from the field of action, and assent to
what was originally proposed by Iho House,
if gentlemen conclude to bead their wills to
the will of the House,.their opinions to the
opinion of the House, it will be in exact accord
and in perfect consistency with the political
history of Congress, for , the last half dozen
years, and it will be; another -proof added to-
many farmer ones,that in -this country the
ideas which obtain in Parliament as to the
relative importance of tho two Houses are year
after year to_ obtaiu more and more completely.
There, sir, in Parliament, although the theory
of the Constitution of Great Britain is that the
House of Lords shall participate in legislation,
and it has always been conceded even by the
Commons that it has power to amend bills, yet
whenever the House of Commons has made up
its mind to insist upon a measure the upper
House must give way. They caonot resist the
demand of the Commons when that demand is-
persisted in, and why? Because the House
of Commons represents the people of Grefit
Britain; the House of. Lords represents only
a caste or a class of population ; the voice of
the British nation is heard through the lower
House, and is heard through it alone. The
upper House is assort of consulting body, and
it has certain judicial functions imposed upon
it by the British system; but itia not, in point of
fact, an efficient member of tho legislative body.
The Senate ofthe United States by its course
and conduct iipon all questions bearing a polit-
ical complexion now (or many years past, and
by the action proposed to it upon this measure
before us, is to subside into the position of
a House of Lords in this country; is not t<5 be
taken as representing the majesty of our great
political Commonwealths called States, or as
representing in any sense the voice of that
mighty people whose tides of population are
swelling from ocean to ocean by many mil-
lions in each decade of our progress. No, sir ;
it is to subside into a body of consultation with
whom the popular branch of Congress may
confer occasionally by committees of conference
and by messages through its Clerk, but it is to
have no efficient, actual, thorough, realized
power in this Government to control and direct
the action of its political department.
Well, sir, of course upon this suffrage amend-
ment it is not for me to speak the voice ofthe
majority in this Chamber, nor shall I assume to
nwself the privilege, although I might do so,
of advising the majority as to the course which
they shall pursue. Daring the former consid-
eration of this resolution of amendment, I with-
in for reasons which appeared to me
sumcient. I thought, sir, a prolonged debate
upon the question of colored suffrage in this
country was not required in either House of
Congress at this time. By prolonged and ex-
haustive debate upon that subject we should
enlighten nobody. , The people in all parts of
our country understand that subject just as well
as we do. It has been jnade, to some extent
at least, an issue between parties, and debate
upon it has gone through all'our communities
in all parts of the country, and.it seems, there-
fore, work of supererogation here in Congress
to debate it anew. Therefore, sir, I have, re-
frained from entering into general debate upon
that subject.
I must, however, mention a single point
raised by the amendment—-I mean the amend-
ment proposed by the House of Representa-
tives—and that is, that it proposes to establish
a rule of suffrage for the States in regard to
their domestic economy, in regard to the exer-
cise of. political rights by their people, in regard
to the matters which concern themselves. It
seems to me, sir,-that if Congress and three
fourths of the States that possess this amend-
ing power are to act in the direction of chang-
ing the Constitution of the United States on
the subject ofc suffrage, they ought -to confine
themselves to those aspects of it which are Fed-
eral; to prescribing a rule of suffrage which
shall affect, and affect only, the election of
Representatives to the lower House of Con-
gress and the election of electors of President
and Vice President of the United States, for
these are the only elections in which the whole
country and the country in its united capacity
is at all concerned or interested. At least there
is no such concern or interest directly involved
in popular elections beyond this point. Local
power and local interests might be left entirely
untouched by Federal authority or by the
amendment power of the Constitution,while an
entire and complete regulation could be se-
cured as to elections in which the States in
common in their united capacity are interested.
Mr. President, the Senator from Nevada
informs us that he proposes to submit a motion
that the Senate recede from the amendments
which it has made to this joint resolution. The
effect of that motion, if successful, will be, as
I have already explained, to give the House
of Representatives its own way upon.the sub-
ject of suffrage. We should, by the success of
that motion, take the proposition as it was
originally framed by that House and cast aside
altogether the labor bestowed upon this reso-
lution for the purpose of perfecting it, But
his motion would have the additional effect of
displacing the proposed sixteenth article of
amendment which was adopted by the Senate ;
which has never been deliberately considered
in the House ; which has not been passed upon
by that branch; but which, having been agreed
to by the Senate, is worth consideration anew
now that it is proposed or will be proposed by
the motion of the Senator from Nevada to drop
it. Of course in the House hurried votes were
taken on the subject of the amendments made
by the Senate, and this second proposition of
amendment in the resolution, I repeat, was not
deliberately passed upon by the House. Now,
Mr. President, I shall occupy a few minutes in
speaking to that second amendment, and what
I have to say upon it I trust will be thought
instructive in this Chamber and outside of this
Chamber, because it will involve some con-
siderations that have not been in debate and
which yetare, inmyjudgment, most important.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. With the per-
mission ot the Senator, as he is about to enter
on a new branch of the argument, I desire to
inquire of the Chair what is the precise ques-
tion before the Senate.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion that the Senate insist
on its amendment and agree to the conference
asked by the House of Representatives. That
is the motion.
Mr. STEWART. I desire, whenever I can
get the floor, to move 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
make an inquiry. _ I understood the Chair to
say that the question whether this was a privi-
leged motion would be submitted to the Se'nate.
I supposed it was on that question that the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania was addressing himself
to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A privi-
leged question ean be displaced by a vote of
the Senate, like any other question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
raise that point. I raise .the question of order
whether this is a privileged question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was the
opinion of the Chair that it was a privileged
question, but it is subject to the control of the
Senate to vote like any other question. It may
be superseded by a vote of the Senate. They
are not compelled to proceed with a privileged
question.
Mr. POMEROY. I will inquire if the unfin-
ished business does not take precedence even
of this question at the expiration of the morn-
ing hour? This matter came up before the
expiration of the morning hour, and at the end
of that hour did not the unfinished business of
yesterday take precedence of it?
The PRESIDENT prtr tempore. The Chair
supposes so.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not understand my-
self that any request of the other House asking
for a committee of conference :is a privileged
question. It may be so, bat-1 do not -so under-
stand it,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor;
Mr, MORRILL, of Maine. I ask for a
decision of the Senate on the question of order
whether this is a privileged question.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. I will give, way if ther®
is any question of order about it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to raise
the question-whether this is privileged matter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will submit to the decision of the Senate whether
the motion under consideration is a privileged
question. The motion is that the Senate insist
on its amendments and agree to the conference
asked by the House of Representatives. The
question is whether that is a priviledged ques-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
that while this motion was pending the hour
arrived for the- consideration-of the regular
order, which is the unfinished business of yes-
terday, and my proposition is that this question
of conference does not take precedence of that
unfinished business ef yesterday.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no doubt about
that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is the
question, and on that question I ask the judg-
ment of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, under the circumstances is the motion
before the House a privileged question ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the Ghair submit
that question to the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
submitted to the vote of the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I wish to ask the
Chair this question, whether this is not simply,
upon the request of the House, a motion to
refer the joint resolution to a committee, and
under what rale of the Senate or joint rule of
the two Houses is it that a motion to refer one
bill to a committee has preference over prior
orders?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Of course it has not any
precedence
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is whether the motion is privileged.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood the Senator
from Nevada to move to take up this question.
I do not think it is a question of privilege. It
is a question whether the Senate will do what
is asked or not. I wish to vote with the Sen-
ator from Nevada, but I cannot vote that his
motion is a privileged motion.
Mr. FBSSBNDEN. I wish to inquire whether
my colleague raises the point of order as to
whether this matter is a privileged question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I raise the point
that it is not a privileged question, and does not
supersede the regular order.
Mr. FESS'ENDEN. I agree "with my col-
league upon that point, that it is not a privileged
question. I believe it has never been held to
be such, and I ca2< so vote with my present
understanding j but I will suggest, as this ques-
tion must be settled, and as it is now under
discussion, whether it is not better to-let it take
