1869.
TM CONGKESSIO&AL GLOBE.
■m
thorized, thus expensive, shall not be compen-
sated? Bring it back to its priginal elements
and I submit to the gentleman wlio introduced
the proposition that it comes to this: that it
is a declaration ot' war on the part of the
Government of the United States against
somebody—-nay, sir, against everybody who
may come to forbid our protection. 1 admit
I do not know who we declare the war
against. The resolution does not inform lis
•whom it is we are to protect against. What
that belligerent is that we are to fight is not
indicated. But if it means something, as it
does, it means that this Government shall em-
bark now, hete to-day, in tliat protection that
can only be given by war in favor of somebody
and against somebody, in favor of everybody
whom the President—mark it—whom the Presi-
dent may deem it fit to make this Government
the ally of, and a war against everybody who
may be the enemy of our, or rather the Presi-
dent's, ally and ward.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I know that it maybe
old-fashioned, perhaps "stale and unprofit-
able," so here to do; still I will venture to
bring my own mind, and so far as my feeble
effort may enable me to do so, to bring the
minds of my fellow-members back to those
rules of national obligation, of wisdom, and of
duty touching our foreign policies and affairs,
upon which your Government was founded and
upon which it has ever since so sublimely en-
dured. Not long ago, within the memory of
all of us, an old man fell stricken with death
within the space now reached by the sound of
my voice. That old man was young once, and
when a boy he indicated and in letters gave to
his country and mankind that which passed
afterward into immortality in the Farewell Ad-
dress of the Father of his Country. The great
intellect of John Quiney Adams originated,
matured, gathered into the forms and force
of irresistible argument and precept the doc-
trines of that most aoproved, most cherished,
and most loved part of the Farewell Address of
the Father of his Country which admonished
his countrymen against the intervention of this
nation in the affairs of others, and against all
entangling alliances—that policy which was
first announced by your Government on the
25th of April, 1793, in the proclamation of
George Washington, declaring the neutrality of
this Government as between the French Gov-
ernment and the people of Europe. To the
intervention in these affairs our people were
then impelled by all the promptings of sympa-
thy and of gratitude toward our recent ally, the
people of France. The policy then and there
inaugurated, I say, is one which I earnestly
pray may be in our country perpetual, and for
which I feebly beg. This Government, sir, may
he strong in itself, may bo irresistible in itself,
may, God grant, be perpetual. But, sir, that
immortality is to bo found in our being to our-
selves and for ourselves a Government of our-
selves; riot involving or embroiling ourselves
in or interfering with the affairs of other Gov-
ernments. That policy thus inaugurated has
continued from that da.y to this. We have by
our moral forces, which are growing into om-
nipotence, given our cheer to the struggling
everywhere. Let us give it to-day to these
people, to any people, to all peoples struggling
for their rights, for the right. It is iu that
sublime moral power of your Government that
you have found your controlling forces for
I beg, then, that the House shall pause. It
is a feeble Power, perhaps, against which our
guns are now to be by this resolution pointed,
or whom we may now challenge to the determ-
inations of war. But, sir, it is not the feeble-
ness of the Power, but the potency of the prece-
dent, that I now comment upon. To that I
point; against that I implore my fellow-mem-
bers to be on their guard. Be warned 1 Tho
first step is here—is to-day. The last is—where ?
lu departing from the inculcations of the
fathers of the Republic, when they told us to let
foreign wars alone, we embark on new seas—
seas you and 1 have not explored. I pause; I
fear ; I refuse to go.
Mr. Speaker, I sympathize, as you do and
as every member does, with the struggling
everywhere. We want republics to be estab
lished all over the world. If we take care well
of our own Government we become, as was
well said the other day, the light-house to the
other Governments of the world. In that light,
given in the honor, the justice, the power and
the glory of this Government, will be found the
moral power which is to furnish the true, the
real and effective protectorate of the strug-
gling or the feeble or the threatened repub-
lics of the world. That moral power is to be
found in adhering to the old land-marks. I
am unfashionable ; I am unprogressive; I am
out of style when I come back to that immortal
address of the Father of his Country ; but there
I leave my remarks, here I leave my admoni-
tion that this is the beginning—if it is to be a
beginning, which God forbid !—of a bad ending
that will come out of this threatened departure
from what we were taught by him whom we all
yet cherish and love.
Mr. DELANO. I yield for five minutes to
thegentlemanfromTennessee, [Mr. Mullins.]
Mr. MULLINS. I do not know that it is
within my power to enlighten this House touch-
ing this question that is under consideration.
I may be permitted to say that it is, of all the
questions that have come up here since tho
assembling of this Congress for its last session,
the most important that has addressed itself
to my consideration. In the five minutes
allowed me I cannot, of course, dwelluponthe
subject in detail. I must come up to the main
features that present themselves to my mind.
We are not a city that is to be buried. We
are a city set upon a hill, whose light should
not be hid under a bushel, but should shine
forth that the nations of the earth that are liv-
ing in darkness and bondage may see the light
and look to us as theirgreat light-house. And
where do we hail from? We hail from an
ancestry that God, in my opinion, has destined
should spread its light over the whole earth
and break the chains and fetters of empires,
kingdoms, and dominions. And we will not
only break those chains and fetters, but we
will ride in grandeur and triumph. We spread
out our arms like seas to those who are in fet-
ters and bondage, and say " Come to us, and
we will give you protection." We do not pro-
pose to fight their battles. That I believe is
contrary to the fundamental principles, as has
been indicated by the gentleman who has just
preceded me, [Mr. Shellab.vrgek.] As was
wisely declared by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Bdtler,] we put a stopper on
this thing of buying territory. We define this
position to this people adjacent to our land, to
the great people here in the United States;
and 1 declare, as I have a right to do, that in
my opinion this is the new Jerusalem that
comes down to us, [laughter,] and it will be the
gathering in of all nations, showing its light
to all. It is a harbor for all the ships that
are not only to crowd around the Old World,
but to come from there here.
Let us say to these little islands and to these
people, we sympathize with your republican
Governments as the fundamental principle of
life that God has ordained when he established
the garden and covenanted with man, that man
was a moral free agent, and no monarch, king,
or despot is decreed of God to domineer over
the world. Let man in his own consciousness
of right speak to these islands in darkness, and
let them know that they have a friend here who
sympathizes with them. And when the peo-
ple, the fundamental strata upon which stands
the Republic of the United States, shall re-
spond to the will of the people of these islands,
then they come to us as ripe fruit, and I would
not let them lay there after they are ripe and
become sour and spoil.
I for one will say this: that rather than go
into war with these lands and this people I
would let them alone; they will come to us
themselves. Let us under the auspices of this
resolution, that covenants nothing but friend-
ship—no blood to be spilled, no gold to bfe
paid—it is a mere expression of the will of the
American people,' that we sympathize with
them. They will feel it; they will get the
knowledge; almost as a spiritual thing; it will
be received by them as a sympathetic cord that
reaches across from them to us, and will draw
them here naturally when they are ripe. If
there was a destiny of God in the formation- of
this Government—and I declare that the Gov-
ernments and the nations of the Old World are
held in check by it—then it is that we shall
inhabit this land and all adjacent to it. This
Saxon people are a burning meteor rushing on
in space, and their empire is land and domin-
ion upon earth. Five hundred-years have given
them empire over a portion, and five thousand
more will give them the whole world.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DELANO. How much of my time nott
remains?
The S PE AKER. The gentleman has twenty-
seven minutes of his hour remaining.
Mr. DELANO. I will yield ten minutes of
my time to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
JunD.J
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Speaker, I recognize and
subscribe to this doctrine of manifest destiny
as connected with our surroundings as strongly
perhaps as any gentleman upon this floor. I
think the infiuenee'of onr institutions is not to
be limited simply to the territory that now
belongs to us, but that in the process of time;
if our Government remains stable and perpet-
uated, it is to extend to other lands, and I
have no doubt but that influence will, by its
own momentum, peaceably and consistently
with all our engagements with other nations,
bring these islands as well as the territory
adjoining us within the embrace of our institu-
tions. But it is with me a question of what is
the proper manner in which to make our influ-
ence felt, and to spread that influence to these
islands and to other portions of the earth.
I freely confess that I listened to the able
remarks of the distinguished chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs [Mr. Baxks]
on yesterday for the purpose of getting, if pos-
sible, at some reason for immediate action,
and of obtaining information and facts, if there
are any, that are in the possession of any
Department of this Government showing the
necessity for any action at the present time.
The chairman of the committee [Mr. Banks]
replied that there was no information that
could be given to the public. His mode of
reply certainly left upon my mind the impres-
sion that there were some negotiations that for
some reason could not be submitted to this
House. It is due to the legislative branch of
the Government that it should be fully advised
as to what is going on in the executive depart-
ment when called upon to invest it with these
extraordinary powers. With annexation vast
expenditures may follow in the train of the
proposed action, and this House is called upon
to invest all these in the executive department
in advance.
It is not a year since these halls resounded
with denunciation, in which, I think, my friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Bctler] took part,
taking exception to the secret diplomacy of the
executive branch of the Government, nuder
which and without the knowledge and assent
of Congress territory was acquired, large lia-
bilities incurred, which Congress must meet,
and new populations introduced into our sys-
tem. And all this by the executive branch of
the Government. I may add, Mr. Speaker,
that the people of this country were struck
with amazement at the pretense and claims of
this branch of the Government. Having ap-
parently involved the honor of the nation,
Congress was compelled under this cry to
ratify such doings.
In objecting to these propositions Ido noltoso
sight of the fact that such propositions when
properly presented to the Congress of the Uhi-
