^6
Im> OOxNGliiUSSiQMAL GLOSE.
January 13,
ted State?, who hold .the purse of the nation
mid,the power of war—by responsible parties
who have an interest in a stable Government
and ask for protection—will deserve the con-
sideration and action of Congress. I freely
confess, Mr. Speaker, that I have no^ such
confidence in executive power as to be willing,
"under this resolution or any other, to delegate
to it powers that properly and rightfully belong
to the legislative branch of the Government.
It has been truly said by the,honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Sbellabarger] that
we do not know where this thing may lead. We
■do not know what interests may operate with
the chief of the State Department to involve
this Government, if not in a war, in an acqui-
sition/of territory which, if submitted to Con-
gress before the making of this proposition,
would nothavebeen tolerated for one moment.
"My objection to this proposition at this time is
that it contemplates the delegation to the ex-
ecutive department of a power which we can-
not control, and which, by and by, under action
which may be taken cither carelessly or by de-
sign, may involve this Congress and this nation
iu consequences such as have been described
by the honorable gentleman from Ohio. We
ought not to delegate to the Executive the
power of recognizing Governments in foreign
countries, and especially in cases where there
may be a dispute as to which is the rightful
Government^ and the additional power after
such -recognition to bring, the power of this
country to settle such contest. Such discretion
ought not to be delegated to any one man in
the uat.ion. I am not so fond of extending
executive power, and we have no information
that any exigency exist calling for such action
even by the legislative branch of the Govern-
ment. As the gentleman from Massachusetts
said yesterday, we are to give our moral sap-
port to the Government in the island of San
Domingo. Who is to select the authority that
is to be sustained when there is internal dis-
sensions and revolution? According to the
propositions in these resolutions, it isLhe execu-
tive department only that is to determine the
question which is the rightful Government.
Where there are two conflicting interests, where
there is a Government (established under rev-
olution, if you please) based upon republican
principles, who is to determine whether the
whole power of the Government shall be thrown
into the one scale ox the other ? It is the ex-
ecutive department. I say, Mr. Speaker, that
I dare not trust this power to the Executive; I
prefer that it should be retained in the hands
of the legislative branch of the Government.
Lctsuch questionsbe determined by Congress;
and the Executive, in carrying out the determ-
ination of Congress, will reflect the will of the
people.
Mr. DELANO. I now yield to the gentle-
man frotnNew York [Mr. Kobixson] for three
minutes.
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Speaker, I intend
before the vote is taken to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] I propose to
insert before the word " Hayti" the word
" Ireland."
TheSPEAKER. Such an amendment would
be in order.
Mr. IIOBINSON. The resolution with the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts and other amendments proposed will
refer, in its phraseology, to "islands lying
adjacent to the coast of the United States;"
and as steam-power and the telegraph, par-
ticularly the telegraph, have made Ireland the
most adjacent country to us in that part of the
world, I desire that Ireland shall be protected.
Her claims to our protection are higher than
those of any other country. The blood and
the heart of Ireland are in this country. Her
people are brothers of ours and aliens to the
Government which has usurped control over
that country during seven centuries of oppres-
sion. I have no doubt, Mr. Speaker, that the
time will come when Ireland will be annexed
to this country. I have no more doubt of that
than I have that Cuba will be annexed to this
country. Both of them will come to us by the
natural laws of affinity, by their sympathy with'
us upon questions of politics and statesman-
ship. In the natural course of things, Ireland
will become a part of the United States and
will be represented upon this floor according
to her population, and in the other end of the
Capitol according to the number of the States
of which she may be composed.
I have intended to take the floor upon some
proper occasion to make a lengthy statement
of my views on this subject. We want no war
with England. We shall have no war with
England. We shall obtain possession of Ire-
land peaceably. Her heart, as I have said, is
here. She is a burden upon England—always
has been, and always will be. The heavings
of revolutionary feeling under British rule will
continue. England, so long as she attempts
to hold Ireland in subjection, will have no
peace ; she ought to have no peace. The peo-
ple of Ireland and the people of the world will
give England no pcace. God Almighty, who
rules the universe, will give her no peace until
she lets the people of Ireland go; and the nat-
ural affinity of Ireland is with the United
States.
Mr. DELANO. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I desire to add but a word or two in
answer to what has fallen from the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger,] who so elo-
quently and urgently asked our attention to the
words of the Father of the Country. I believe
they are in the manuscript writing of Alex-
ander Hamilton, and I have not been so loy-
ally his follower all the days of my life as to
think that all intelligence and all progress in
national affairs died when he did. I am in-
clined to think that we must adapt our legis-
lation to the power and to the position and to
the influence which we, as a nation, have now,
aud not to the power, not to the position, not
to the influence that as a nation among the
nations of the world w-e had in 1798.
Sir, I have no fear of war. The fourteen
hundred thousand veteran soldiers that we dis-
banded when we ended the rebellion, on one
side alone, and I doubt not that even the con-
federate soldiers, would rally around the old
flag now against any foreign foe. I say that
fourteen hundred thousand settled the question
of war between us and any other nation, so
long as we are true to ourselves and our own
honor; and this nation will never do anything
not consistent with that honor. We are strong
enough to do right, we can appreciate the right,
and no nation will go to war with us unless we
are ourselves in the wrong.
Again, sir, I desire gentlemen to think
whether or not we shall wait in our action
because we may not have special confidence
in this man or that man who may be at the
head of the executive department or of the
State Department. I want gentlemen to arise
above all that as legislators and as men hav-
ing the guardianship of the great interests of
this country, looking forward to what is to
come in the future, knowing that we are able
to restrain any action that is wrong on the
part of the Executive. Rising above all con-
siderations, except that of statesmanship, I
want gentlemen to see what is best for this
country, and what is best for republican insti-
tutions throughout the world. And can any
man say here in his heart that he doubts that
within a short time, ay, a very short time in
the history of nations, these islands must
belong to us? Then, if this House answers
that question in t.he affirmative, must we not
further say that we ought to be ready to extend
protection over them; and I do not by any
means intend to belittle that word " protec-
tion." Itis the protection which the strong can
give to the weak without the former being in-
volved iu the affairs of the latter. It is the
! protection which the powerful always gives;
the protection which Qnly a united, prosperous
country can give to a weak and divided one.
And in answer to the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Judd,] allow me here to say that
it is to give to the Executive of this Govern-
ment some right to determine between these
factions now destroying themselves and de-
stroying American interests in these islands
that I desire this protection. I say I fear not
that we shall be involved in war thereby.
One word further. I had hoped that we
might have been spared by the learned gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Robijtsok] a dis-
sertation on Ireland at this time. No man can
more deeply feel than I do the wrongs of Ire-
land, and the necessity that something should
be done to right those wrongs. But let me
say to him, respectfully, that the way to get
Ireland to have any protection from this Gov-
ernment is not to drag before us in season and
out of season, at any and every turn, an amend-
ment as a rider to everybody's proposition.
It simply trails her in the dust.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Delano] to allow me a single word,
simply to say that I have never dragged Ire-
land in as a rider on any measure. The gen-
tleman, I know, does not mean to be unjust,
but he is extremely so in saying what he does.
Ireland is suffering, and our citizens want
protection there, and I ought to drag her in
oftener, but I have refrained, because I do not
want to obtrude myself too frequently upon
the attention of the House.
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker, the proposi-
tion now before the House in the resolution
submitted by the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs is in itself so
grave and so extraordinary that I desire as a
part of my remarks the reading of the resolu-
tion, for the purpose of having the House dis-
tinctly understand and duly comprehend its
import, its magnitude, its importance, its nov-
elty. Will the Clerk do me the favor to read
the resolution ?
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That the President of the United States bo.
and hereby is, authorized to extend t" the Govern-
ments and people of the republics of Hayti and San
Domingo the protection of the United States, for the
purpose of assisting them to establish permanent re-
publican institutions whenever those Governments,
or either of them, shall apply to the "United States
for its protection, or whenever'the President shall bo
satisfied that the Government and people of those
republics desire or voluntarily consent to the protec-
tion of this Government: Provided, That the Presi-
dent shall communicate to the two Houses of Con-
gress immediate information of any action which the
Government of the United States may take upon this
subject: And provided also. That no action which
may call or require any appropriation of money
from the Treasury of the United States shall be au-
thorized or commenced under the authority of this
resolution without the previous consent of Con-
gress.
Mr. DELANO. Now, Mr. Speaker, what
is it? That the President of the United States
at pleasure may extend to the Governments of
Hayti and San Domingo the protection of the
United States in the establishment of Gov-
ernments in those States, if said Governments,
or either of them, apply for protection. That is
the first part of it. The next part of it is that
he may go there with protection, su i sponte,
provided the Governments or the people in
his opinion are willing to submit to it. Now,
sir, is the Congress of the United Stales pre-
pared to invest the Executive of this Gov-
ernment with such powers as are proposed by
this resolution? It is not simply that he may
give protection when called upon. That would
not answer, I apprehend, the purpose and de-
sire of those who favor this measure. But it
is to enable him on his own judgment to go
there with protection if he thinks these feeble
Governments or the people therein will yield
to it. I say, sir, that the analysis of this reso-
lution is such as to convince everybody who
listens to it that what I have said of it is correct.
It is momentous, it is extraordinary, and before
it receives the sanction of the American people
