TIE® CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
not a mere .sham; it is an instrument o£ in-
-ibs&oe,.®a&,-I will-.add, of. peril also to the
future of this country. Any time at the next
presidential election, in 1872. or at any other
future election, a large majority of the American
people may vote without avail and without
result for their choice for tbe'office Of Presi-
dent ; and a minority man,.a man largely in the
minority before the .people, may obtain a ma-
jority of presidential electors. It depends upon
the accident-of how majorities happen to run
in particular States. .
Ms.: President, during three years that I
resided in one of the Spanish American repub-
3iss there-were revolutions in thirteen out of
fourteen of those republics. Those republics
are scourged and desolated by revolutions,
beginning with Mexico and going south to the
Argentine Confederation and to Chili. What
produces these revolutions ordinarily ? A dis-
puted presidential election. That is the cause
three, times out of four, and has been ever since
1825, when those republics began to take their
present organizations. Three times out of four,
and' -.perhaps oftener, a dispute about a presi-
dential election causes revolt and civil war, and
desolates ajl those portions of the NewWorld.
Mr. President, the very point upon which I
.am .bow, speaking is a tender and delicate point
of our Constitution, and it has contained in it
perhaps more, danger to our country than all
other political causes combined. You have no
mode of deciding a contested election of Pres-
ident and Vice President, no machinery pro-
vided, no clear grant of power in your Consti-
tution. It is not even positively certain how
you shall count electoral votes in case of dis-
pute. A surging and rampant House of Rep-
resentatives turns itself into a mob even now
when your Constitution is about being executed
by the Presiding Officer of the Senate, and it
requires days of heat—I had almost said of
indecorous debate—in that House to compose
the waves of passion which are roused upon
a mere technicality, with no actual change of
the result of the election depending upon the
decision.'
It is the point, of danger in your political
institutions, this point of presidential elections.
Will you wait until the danger is upon you;
will you wait until civil war is again let loose ;
will you continue the old and defective ma-
chinery, always unjust, always full of peril and
danger., until the crisis shall come? Slavery
is gorte—the great question which divided our
communities of the North and South. ,It is
buried in the tomb of the past; no voice will
b.e sufficiently loud or powerful in all the cen-
turies of the future to wake it or to speak it
again into life. It will no more return to vex
the councils of this Government or to inflame
the hearts of our people ; no blood will he shed
to settle the great issues which it raises and
which it inflames. But here in the very heart
of your Constitution is a defective and weak
point. I c.all,.your attention to it. I ask you
to consider it, and now in the days of quiet and
of peace, before trouble has come, fortify your-
selves against future danger; take hold upon
these electoral colleges, which are not merely
shams, as the Senator from Massachusetts says,
but boxes .of Pandora from which may issue
demons of discord and violence to trouble and
scourge your country and your people in future
years. Give the opportunity to men of states-
manship and of wisdom to reform these col-
leges by regulating the manner in which the
electors shall be chosen. That is one proposi-
tion contained in the Senate amendment which
went to the House which that House will adopt
if you insist upon it.
Mr. President, why is it that the recommend-
ations of President Jackson were unheeded,
and that other men having the ear of Congress
and having the ear of the^country since have
been unable to secure the adoption of a prop-
osition for the amendment of our Constitution
to dispense with the electoral colleges ? Why
is it ? Why cannot you submit at once a prop-
osition that the people shall vote directlv for
President and Vice President and expect its
adoption 1 It is my ..business to answer that,
•and. I have a complete and satisfactory answer.
Under the scheme'of electoral colleges each
State has two senatorial electors, as they are
called ; that is, has two. electors as a State, and
then it has an additional number equalto the
number of Representatives from the State.
When you propose that the people shall vote
directly for President and Vice President you
virtually strike off from each of the States the
equal power which they now have in choosing
senatorial electors. You give to each State,
then, in point of fact, in substance, a power
proportioned to the number of Representatives
which they select to the lower House of Con-
gress. What is the effect? Why, that Rhode
Island, and other of the small States lose a large
portion of their political power in the presiden-
tial election. Draw an amendment and send it
down to the States to-morrow proposing this
change, and how would it present itself to their
reflections? Here are Delaware, Florida, Kan-
sas, Nevada, Nebraska, and Oregon, six States
with three electors each, two senatorial and
one Representative. Your amendment would
mean that each of these States should give up
two thirds of its political power in the election
of President and Vice President. Instead of
having three electors as at present to count in
an electoral college, they would have a popular
vote, equivalent to only one to count upon the
general result. Then take the States which
elect two members, Rhode Island and Min-
nesota. Each of these has four electors, and
under the amendment • suggested they would
have what would be equal to two; they would
lose one half of their power. The States
electing three Representatives and having five
electors are New Hampshire, Vermont, Cal-
ifornia, and West Virginia. They would lose
two fifths of their political power in a presi-
dential election. Connecticut, South Carolina,
and Texas each elect four Representatives and
have six electors. They would lose one third
of their powec, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland,
Mississippi, and New Jersey would lose two
sevenths. Alabama, Iowa, Michigan, and Wis-
consin would lose one fourth, as they are now
entitled to eight electors each.
Here are twenty-four States which would
each lose one fourth of their political power or
more up to two thirds by adopting such an
amendment to the Constitution. Twenty-four
States out of thirty-seven interested by that
large percentage of power against the adoption
of such a change to the Constitution 1 Ten
States cau defeat an amendment when all the
States are counted. These figures are exactly
accurate, except we are to take into aocount
that the large States would lose their sena-
torial electors, although the percentage of loss
to them would be very small; it would affect
the result only to a very small extent. That, is,
the loss of power to the States I have enumer-
ated would not be quite as large as these figures
make it, although it would be nearly that._ If,
then, you have twenty-foor out of the %thirty-
seven States largely interested in rejecting such
an amendment to the Constitution, nobody can
doubt that instead of such an amendment
receiving the three-fourths vote of the States
necessary toits ratification, it would be rejected
by a majority of the whole number, and that
whenever submitted. In other words, it is im-
possible to procure an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States by which the
people of our country shall vote directly for
President and Vice President. It is against
the interest of too many States; it is against
the interest of too many State interests to per-
mit it to take place at all, and therefore it will
never be accomplished.
This reform, then, of a direct choice by the
people being out of the question, what can be
done ? Why, sir, you can do what this amend -
ment proposes ; you can give to Congress the
power to prescribe the manner in which elect-
ors shall be chosen and thus you can introduce
reform, and in no other way whatever. At
present the power to prescribe the manner in
which eleators shall be chosen rests with the
Legislatures of .the several States. In former
times.-in South • Carolina the Legislature pre-
scribed that they themselves should choose
electors, and fbat'arrangement continued until
reeently. The new constitution of South Caro-
lina, formed under the reconstruction laws,
provides that-the people shall select them by
popular vote. That provision in that constitu-
tion is a nullity undoubtedly. It is impossible
for South Carolina by an amendment of her
constitution to take away from her Legislature
a power imposed upon it by the Constitution
of the United States. The provision therefore
is a mere nullity. The Legislature of South
Carolina will be at any time competent to re.-
sume her former practice of choosing electors
of President .and Vice President. The Legis-
lature of Alabama recently proposed to take
•this power iato its own hands, and it was only
checked by an executive veto. Hereafter this
mode of choosing electors may he resorted to
by Legislatures of other States, and. thus great
trouble and difficulty may be introduced. , It
is a thing which ought not to be permitted!
Now, Mr.. President, in point of fact if the
Legislatures of the States do not assume to
themselves the p,o.wer to choose electors they
cannot reform the -present system of choosing
by general ticket, and that will be seen in a
momentby any one who will b.estow due reflec-
tion upon this subject. In all the States, Flor-
ida alone excepted, and perhaps Louisiana also,
electors are chosen by general ticket; that is,
each voter of the State votes for as many elect-
ors as the State is entitled to in her electoral
college, and the majority obtain the whole num-
ber for that State.
It is impossible to change this system as the
power is now located; and why ?. Take the
ease of the State of New York; you propose
in the State of New York that electors shall
be chosen by single districts or according to
some other plan of reform, and what will be
the answer? "Why we cannot afford to do
that in this State; we shall only break up our
own political power; our party will lose nearly
one half its strength in this State ; therefore
we cannot afford to do it, and will not do it.
.Besides that, if we were inclined to do it, we
could not, because other States not doing the
same thing we should lose a portion of our
political strength iotbis State, while the oppo-
site party, to us in another State electing by
general ticket would hold the whole of its
power, and thus we should inflict injury on
ourselves as a political organization without
any compensation whatever."
The political majority in any Legislature any-
where in the United States would say this to
itself and to you if you proposed to it any re-
form whatever in the mode of choosing presi-
dential electors. They would give the conclu-
sive answer, " We cannot afford to do it and
weaken our own power; we cannot control
other States; and as long as they do not adopt
the same mode of choosing electors you simply
ask us to make a sacrifice; we cannot do it,
and we will not do it." The result is that
although the old general ticket system for choos-
ing representatives was changed twenty or
thirty years ago because it was intolerable the
choice of presidential electors is still according
to the old plan, because there is no power here
in Congress to amend it. The power which
does exist in the State Legislatures cannot be
exercised, and I venture to say it never will be.
Therefore you have fixed in the Constitution
the electoral colleges, an institution which
three fourths of the States will not change,
which is imbedded in the Constitution firmly,
and then you.have a system of election by gen-
eral ticket of the members of those colleges in
the respective States which cannot be changed
and will notbe changed bytheLegislatures,who
"have theoretically the power to do it. There
will be no change, and what is the result?
Here I come to the point which touches us to
the quick; which should make our blood bound
through our veins when we think of it. By gen-
eral ticket your presidential election is poissd
upon the vote of two or three of the large States,
