338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
sibly be embraced in any future annexation or
proteetoration, if I may be allowed to coin a
word. Nor was I at all surprised when my col-
league from the Brooklyn district [Mr. Robin-
son*] proposed to include Ireland in this con-
templated protectorate. Nor shall I be surprised
if in the progress of this discussion other gen-
tlemen on this floor rise and propose to put the
whole world under the protectorate of the Uni-
ted States, so that in the end all other coun-
tries may come under our control, thus making
one united nation. I shall be especially sur-
prised if some gentleman does not propose to
extend the protectorate of the United States
over the whole population of Africa.
But what surprises me most is that the hon-
orable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler,] while proposing to embrace within
the protectorate of the United States eleven
British islands, should hesitate for one moment
to extend a like protectorate over Ireland.
That gentleman, who indulges in so magnificent
a eulogium upon the omnipotence of the mil-
lions of soldiers of the United States of Amer-
ica, certainly ought not to hesitate to face Great
Britain by advocating the annexation or pro-
tectorate of Ireland, when he proposes to take
under the protection of the United States such
little islands as the three Caymans; Barbadoes,
an important island; Grenada, another import-
ant island; Grenadines, St. Lucia, St. Vincent,
Trinidad, Tobago, and the very important
Island of Jamaica, which are all included in the
greater or lesser Antilles, and to which the
gentleman proposes to extend the protectorate
contemplated in this resolution.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Never
without the consent of the Governments con-
cerned.
Mr. BROOKS. Why, sir, a large majority—
nine tenths at least—of the people of Ireland
would to-day, but for the strong arm of Great
Britain's military and naval power, demand
the protectorate of the United States if they
were allowed by the House of Representatives
to indulge the hope that such a protectorate
might be given. There is no earthly doubt
that nine tenths of the population of Ireland
are to-day hostile to the Government of Great
Britain and pant for annexation to the United
States, or even a protectorate by our Govern-
ment. If a protectorate means a vote of the
people ot Ireland or the will of a government
ol that people a government already exists
there, although in a secret form, in the Fenian
organization,which would in a momentdemand
a protectorate of the United States if it could
do so with hope of success. Why hesitate if
our power is so omnipotent? The people of
Ireland are a kindred people to ourselves.
The blood of half the population of the United
States is more or less mixed with that of Ire-
land ; and yet to these Indian and African com-
munities in the Antilles, not one drop of whose
blood courses in our veins, you propose to
extend your protection, while you hesitate to
extend it to that little island from which so
large a proportion ot our own blood is derived.
Sir, if this proposition is to pass I desire Ire-
land to be included. If that is done I shall
be disposed to give it my vote ; but if not, I am
opposed to the whole proposition, and I trust
it will receive but a small vote in the House.
Mr. WOODWARD. I yield ten minutes to
the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, believing as
I do that the people of the United States have
the power and the right for their own defense
to intervene, under the authority of their own
law and with their Army and Navy, in the
affairs of any other people on this continent or
adjacent thereto whenever it may be essential
to their own safety so to do, and of the neces-
sity of which intervention they are themselves
the judges, responsible always for the exercise
of that judgment to the nations of the world—
because of this conviction, Mr. Speaker, I felt
it my duty to listen to the proposition for the
protection of the people and Governments of
the Antilles, as it came from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs. I was desirous to know what
the condition of things was that so affected the
interests of the people of the United States as
to require our intervention. I have listened,
Mr. Speaker, but have listened in vain, for any
suggestion from any quarter intimating any
condition of things in any of the islands of the
Antilles that involves, to any considerable ex-
tent at least, the interests of the people of this
country, much less their interest to such an
extent as to require the intervention by the
people of the United States, through the law-
making authority, of the whole power of this
nation in the internal affairs of that people.
Mr. Speaker, what I desire to say to the
House here, and what I attempted to suggest
to the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs yesterday, when he was kind enough to
allow me a moment to interrupt him, is that
whatever the relations of things maybe between
the people of the United States and any other
people upon this continentor adjacent thereto
requiring intervention it is all-important that
that intervention be made in accordance with
the requirement of the Constitution cf this
country. I listened with much interest to what
was said by my honorable colleague [Mr.
Shellabaeger] founded upon the early legis-
lation of this Government touching our neu-
trality laws, and upon the suggestion of that
very profound and wonderful State paper,
known as the Farewell Address of the Father
of our Country; and I must say that I heard
with something of surprise the remark of the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Bxjtler] in reply thereto, almost partaking of
the language of sneer, when he intimated that
he was not willing to consent that political
wisdom had died with the author of the Fare-
well Address of Washington. Sir, nobody
claims that; but intelligent men in this land
and in all lands know right well that the
accredited author of that paper, Mr. Hamil-
ton, and the great man who accepted it and
made it his own, are entitled not only to the
respectful consideration, but to the profoundest
gratitude of the living generations of men.
Passing, however, out of the text of the Fare-
well Address and into the text of the Constitu-
tion of the country I come to the discussion
of this measure. 1 say here, for myself, that
in my judgment it is not within the compass
of human wisdom to frame any bill of any
kind or on any subject more directly in conflict
with the express limitation of the Constitution
of the country than this. That instrument is
not to be disposed of by a sneer here or any-
where else. Through it and by it we came
to be a people; through it and by it we must
continue to be one people if we continue to be
one people at all. The war-making power of
this country, which is involved in this resolu-
tion, is in my judgment, by the express terms
of the Constitution, not by mere construction,
but by its express, solemn words, restricted to
the legislative department of this Government.
Congress alone, by the terms of the instrument,
is authorized "to declare war," and Congress
cannot delegate that authority. It is an old
time principle of the common law, known and
accepted among intelligent men everywhere
all over the globe, that a delegated power never
can be transferred by the agent without the
consent of the principal. The people are the
principal in this matter, and' they delegated
this great power, which involves the issue of
life and death to all the people of this country,
to the legislative department of this Govern-
ment, and to that legislative department alone;
Congress cannot authorize the President of the
United States, therefore, at his pleasure, and,
in the language of the substitute offered by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butleii,]
when he may "deem it expedient," to make
war either among the people of the Antilles
or among the peoples allied to them upon
continental Europe.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow me
a single explanation?
Mr. BINGHAM. I can yield for a moment
only, as my time is limited.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Permit
me to say that I have not advocated that he
should make war, because making war is in
contravention of the laws of nations.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand that the gen-
tleman has not advocated it; he is too shrewd
an advocate so to damage his proposition. But
he will allow me to say that while he has not
advocated it by speech he has advocated it
much more potentially than by speech in pre-
senting this substitute, and that is exactly the
point I was coming to when the gentleman
interrupted me. I submit to the candid judg-
ment, not only of the members of the House
but of the people of this country, that the very
terms of the gentleman's substitute do vest in
the President, if you pass the substitute and
give it the effect of law, the power to make war.
Why, the gentleman puts into his substitute a
provision that the President shall exercise this
power as he may deem it expedient in sueh
way as shall not be " inconsistent with the
laws of nations." I submit that it is hardly
inconsistent with the laws of nations to make
war. Our Constitution is not a part of the
laws of nations.
It is not in the substitute provided that the
President is to exereise this power as he may
deem expedient, so as not to be inconsistent
with the Constitution. That is precisely what
was involved in the suggestion which I made
yesterday, that as they were appending pro-
visos to the resolution they might as well pro-
vide further that the President under it and
by it shall do no act whatever which will
involve a conflict of arms with anybody. It
was my judgment that when you had put that
proviso into the resolution there would be
nothing left in it. In the words of my honor-
able colleague, [Mr, Delano,] the whole
thing would become meaningless ; it would
become an empty pretense, unworthy of the
representatives of the people. But the lan-
guage of the proposed substitute is that the
President shall extend protection to such people
of the Antilles as may request it when he may
deem expedient, or to such Governments as may
request it. I find the latter words, "the peo-
ple," interlined in> the manuscript text, and I
suppose that is what is meant—either the peo-
ple or the Government may request interven-
tion. The President is first to decide what is
the Government of one or all of these islands
in our western archipelago ; or he is first to
decide who are "the people"- in one or all of
these islands : and having decided that, he is
then to decide upon the expediency of protec-
tion; and having decided upon the expediency
of protection, he is extend protection ; and
when he extends protection, he is to extend it
without limitation other than that named in
the gentleman's substitute, to wit, that it shall
not be "inconsistent with the laws of nations.''
This is the first time I have ever heard it inti-
mated anywhere in the exigencies of debate
that it is inconsistent with the laws of nations
to make wars in order to give authorized pro-
tection. Instead of being inconsistent with
the laws of nations, I hold that it is entirely
consistent, not only with the laws of nations,
but with the laws of the God of nations, to
extend protection by all the powers and in-
strumentalities of war, when that protection is
authorized and just and proper.
Now, if we are going to extend a protector-
ate over these islands, I propose to extend it
according to law and with a due regard to the
exigencies of the case.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOODWARD. I now yield five min-
utes to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Robinson.]
Mr. ROBINSON. I have asked for five
minutes to say a word upon this subject, in
addition to what I have already had an oppor-
tunity of saying. The distinguished gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butleb,] against
whom, on this subject, I will not say a single
word, because I know his heart is right in the
movement I have proposed, and the only sen-
sible movement in the whole proceeding—the
distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts
