1290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February!?,
many of the other States. It is a very import-
ant State; and of course the election is con-
tested with great activity.
No w,let me say one word in regard to the prop-
osition of my colleague. I know that I ought
to have studied the question before I attempted
to speak upon it. My colleague says that of all
the people in the world he despises most stupid
people. I agreed with him in that. A stupid
man is not to be admired by anybody; but we
sometimes differ as to where the stupidity is
to be found. Sometimes we think people are
laughing .with us, when they are laughing at
us ; and so it may be in regard to stupidity. I
think it would be very stupid indeed for the
party in power now to give to any future Con-
gress the right of gerrymandering Pennsyl-
vania, Indiana, New York, and Ohio, so as to
control those States; for I think half a dozen
shrewd men from those States brought to-
gether could pass a bill in Congress by which
they could control the destinies of this country.
I am in favor, therefore, of leaving this power
in the hands of the States. Let the men who
know the local interests, the local feelings, and
the local strength and weakness of the States
settle it themselves at their own homes. To be
sure, by carryingsuch an.amendment as my col-
league proposes the county of Berks in our State
■would vote on the one side and the county of
Dauphin on the other; and under such a prop-
osition the candidates of my colleague last year
might have secured four or five electoral votes
in Pennsylvania, and a few in some of the
other States, but Igreatly prefer that each State
shall show its whole strength. Whatever the
power of the State may be, let it be given by
a single vote in favor of the candidate. I am
not so much in favor of State rights as some
men who have been here. I learned during
the war for the suppression of the rebellion
that we needed a stronger Government than
we ever had before. The great trouble at the
beginning of the war was that there was no
power at Washington, under the laws, that
could not only arm the forces that were offered,
but that could wield them as they could have
done if there had been nobody in the States
to interfere with them.
I believe this is all I have a desire to say on
this subject. I think I have shown, or at least
1 have tried to do so, that Pennsylvania is not
worse than the other States ; and if she has
done wrong, it has been the Democrats who
have done tae wrong.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, tho ques-
tion that the honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Buclalew] has so elaborately dis-
cussed is one of such importance that I do not
feel at liberty, for one, to let it go by without
a few words of reply. I have not, like him,
prepared an essay upon the subject, and per-
haps, unlike him, I do not feel so deeply the
tremeudous gulf on the edge of which lie sup-
poses us to stand, as it respects the political
future of this country, on account of the pres-
ent Constitution of the United States.
The amendment which he proposes, and
whith is now the subject of consideration, as
it appears upon a casual reading, is certainly
a very simple one. It only seems to provide
that instead of electors of President being
elected in such manner as the Legislatures of
the States shall direct, they shall be elected by
the people of the States, on the same principle
and to the same number, to act in the same
way and with the same effect, as the present
Constitution requires; and the only efficacy of
the amendment so far is to take away from the
Legislatures of the States, representing the
people of the States, the power of prescribing
the manner of electing those same electors,
and providing the manner ourselves, so far as
it affects the persons who vote.
Does that reach any practical evil? The
people of the States from the beginning have
elected electors in exactly that way. The State
of South Carolina, I believe, has been an ex-
ception; but as a whole, the people of the
States always have elected their electors of
President, and they always will; and in the
case of South Carolina my honorable friend
will not assert that in any single instance of
her history her Legislature in electing electors
departed from the will of her people. That
Legislature has chosen the persons and for
the purpose that the will of tho people behind
the Legislature desired; so that, even in that
exceptional case, this departure from a sup-
posed principle of governments by the people
has been merely one of form and not of sub-
stance ; and it must always be so, because the
Legislatures of the States are the mere in-
struments and servants of the people. Tiuy
are created by the breath of the people of the
States ; and if one Legislature makes a law
that the people do not like they eleet some-
body else, and it is corrected. So that under
the present Constitution there is not the slight-
est danger in point of fact or practice that the
power of electing these electors will ever be
withdrawn from the will of the people of the
several States ; and no man, I venture to say,
is more sensible of this fact than our honorable
friend.
But that is not the purpose of the amend-
ment when you get really at it. The purpose
of the amendment is found in the last two lines:
Tho Congress of the United States shall have
power to regulate the manner of ohoosing electors.
Mr. BUCK ALB W". " Prescribe the man-
ner."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not profess to quote
the language,' but the substance. The sub-
stance of it is, that Congress—the Senate and
House of Representatives and President act-
ing together—shall take the place of the Legis-
latures of the States, and at their will and dis-
cretion declare that one rule shall prevail in
one State and another in another State, ac-
cording to what? According to the political
discretion of the party who happen to be in
power; according to the political advantage
that the party who happen to be in power pre-
ceding a presidential election may think they
can obtain by changing an existing rule. That
is the proposition. The proposition is to give
to Congress the power, if a political majority
here think they can gain anything by it, to de-
clare that the electors in the State of Vermont
shall be elected by districts, and to so adjust
the districts that two Democrats and one Re-
publican, or if it were us, now, who were to do
it, according to political predilections, two
Republicans and one Democrat, should com-
pose the electors, and so on; and in the State
of Pennsylvania, orin the State of New York,
where we supposed we could carry it upon a
general' ticket, then we would provide as to
those that the manner of electing electors
should be by a general ticket.
Senators may say that would not be equal.
Certainly it would not; but there is nothing in
the amendment which requires us to regulate
and prescribe this manner by one uniform rule,
such as the Constitution requires, as it respects
bankruptcy and naturalization. We are not
tied up by the proposition which the honor-
able Senator submits to any sentiment of equal-
ity, to any other sentiment than that of the
mere political expediency and temptation of
the moment. Would that be wise? I think
not. Would it be just? It would not be just
if the founders of this Government understood
the subject that they undertook to deal upon
when they prescribed in its original frame-
work the method and channel by and through
which the Chief Magistrate of the nation was
to be elected. This was, it is true, a Consti-
tution of the people; but the people, in mak-
ing the Constitution, undertook to preserve to
themselves as separate communities in States
certain rights and powers, and among those
rights and powers, and among the chief of
them as the grand security of liberty and equal-
ity, was the provision that the President of the
United States should be, in fact and substance,
selected by the States, and not by the people
as a whole body. That was their design ; and
they went so far in carrying out that design as
to provide in the case of a disagreement among
the electors that the President should be imme-
diately elected by the House of Representatives
by States, one vote for each State ana no more.
But, sir, times advance, and w® find the
ancient sticklers for State rights andfetate sov-
ereignty, the chief and chosen leaders of the
Democratic party, undertaking to break down
and utterly ignore and abrogate this great sup-
posed security for State rights and. State lib-.
erty that the founders of tho Constitution insti-
tuted. My honorable friend has referred, as
an illustration of the dangers of the present
system, to his observation in the South Ameri-
can Republics.- He tells us that wars and con-
fusion and anarchy and revolution are the
constant consequence of presidential elections
there. I suppose they are. Are they the con-.
stant consequence of presidential elections
under such safeguards and provisions as we
have? By no means. I. take it, although I
do.not speak from study, that in the chief of
the South American republics the presidents
are voted for by the people. If I am in.error,
my honorable friend, who is familiar with their
constitutions and history, will inform me. We,
find, then, so far as observation and illustration
will go, that in the very cases referred to by
my friend of tumults and revolutions that have
followed froia presidential elections, they fol-
lowed where the people themselves are brought
in direct collision over the question of who
shall be their choice. And it is so, necessa-
rily, everywhere ; and I have no. doubt that it
was one of the chief motives of the wise men
who framed this Constitution, in framing it as
they did, that they would remove from the
intense heat of the great fire of a whole nation
of voters coming in personal collision to a
calmer and serener tribunal selected by sections
and States the decision of this great question.
If there is anything in the illustration to which
my friend has referred, and there is, it is the
greatest possible proof of the wisdom of that
decision.
If this be the principle upon which the peo-
ple, in framing this Constitution, left it to the
States to select the President, and for such
wise reasons of State equality and peace, where
is the ground to complain that it sometimes
happens that the whole mass of the people by
a majority do not have their choice? They
have agreed to it. They have agreed to it for
wise purposes of security to individual liberty
and to local sovereignty and legislation. Where,
then, is the ground of complaint? None what-
ever.
But the figures which my friend has presented
here are somewhat delusive, it will be found
on investigation. The great fact that appears
in them arises largely from the existence of
slavery in the States; that three fifths of a
class of people, numerous, outnumbering the
white population in some cases, are repre-
sented by a select and chosen and diminished
class of voters; and, therefore, figures which
are based upon such facts are altogether delu-
sive in undertaking to show that minorities of
the whole people have elected Presidents. It
may be so, possibly, if that were left out; but
whether so or not, gentlemen ought not to for-
get that that is a result which comes from the
very principle upon which, the Government
was founded by the people of the States, that
the States or the people of the States, as such,
rather than the whole mass of the people,
should be intrusted with the choice of the
Chief Magistrate of the nation.
I should be surprised and sorry indeed to
see the Senate of the United States, the rep-
resentatives of the States, undertake, in the
light, of the experience we have had of the
beneficent and peaceful operation of this clause
of the Constitution, to strip themselves and the
people whom they represent of that very power
and safeguard and security that their forefathers
had carefully put into the very framework and
heart of the Constitution. We might then ex-
pect, truly, as is my friend's observation, in
South America, that the heat and collision of
the people in voting directly for President of
the United States and bya general ticket would
produce from the frauds and force and violence
