1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
has said some things to which I desire to reply.
Sir, I have an utter scorn and contempt for the
party or the man who could go mousing around
among the nations, with the powers of a nation
whose tread to-day shakes the world, whose
power is feared all over the earth; the leading
Power of the world, who goes mousing around
for some half-breed and weak and insignificant
Government upon which to hurl the strength
of its military and naval power. I want to go
at the large game first; and then if we are
compelled to come down to small game I will
go with gentlemen as far as I can.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] has asked me why I bring in Ireland
as a rider upon every proposition before this
House. I say to him, through you, Mr. Speaker,
and I say to the public, as far as my voice
can reach, that I have said nothing at all upon
Ireland since I have taken my seat here, but,
with the help of God, and with the permission
of the House, if I can get the eye of the
Speaker I intend to say a few words before I
close my term of service here. When have I
brought in this subject before? Upon what
occasion have I mentioned Ireland here? But
once, at the suggestion of the distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts, the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr.
Banks,] who requested me to make a few re-
marks upon the subject when a resolution of
sympathy was introduced here. We then put
Crete and Ireland together in the resolution ;
that resolution went over to the Senate, and
there they struck out Ireland, because Ireland
was under a great power. I have said nothing
upon the subject of Ireland here, nor have I
brought it in as a rider upon any subject.
I have tried to arouse the sleeping attention
of this House to the fact that Ireland is to-day
but an English Bastile for the imprisonment
of American citizens; I have done that without
being able to wake up the latent energies of
this country, without being able to summon up
t'l-om the depths of the hearts of the Represent-
atives of the people on this floor a blush of
shame for their conduct in this respect. To-
day at least two men—and I might mention
others, but I refer to the two, Warren and Cos-
telio—are pining in British prisons, having been
sentenced for fifteen years. They are to serve
out that sentence for words spoken and acts
done in the United States, and the man who
contradicts that statement lias not given any
attention to this subject, and has not read the
official reports which for twelve months past
have been lying upon the desks of members
here. For 110 acts done in Ireland have they
been imprisoned. They did not even kick a
stone in Ireland ; they did not even spit upon
the soil of Ireland. Whatever they did was
done in New York and in Boston. And yet
those men lie there in prison, and the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] blames
me for bringing this subject before the House,
saying that I am always putting Ireland as a
rider upon subjects here.
I am trying to arouse gentlemen to what the
distinguished gentleman from Ohio [Mr. BlSS-
ham] said, that if it is true it involves not
only the peace but the honor of the Common-
wealth. I told him then, as I tell the House
now, that it does involve the honor of the Com-
monwealth. We will have no war with Great
Britain; we cannot go to war for Ireland. We
ask no protection further than that you shall
give Ireland fair play. Ireland alone is able
to meet any Power upon the globe; she has
more soldiers than any other nation except
the United States; she has more brains and
more disciplined troops to put in the field than
Great Britain can oppose to her.
rHere the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The five minutes of the
gentleman have expired.
Mr. ROBINSON. 1 am sorry I have no
more time. . _
Mr. WOODWARD. I now yield the floor
for ten minutes to the gentleman from Ten-
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I cannot
quite agree with the declaration of the chair-
man of the Committee on B\)reign Affairs, made
in reply to the question proposed to him, that
we had no precedent for a proceeding-like this.
With deference, certainly, to his superior in-
formation, I think we have had more than one
precedent, and that of no small importance.
The Monroe doctrine is the protectorate by this
Government over all the Governments u-pon
the American continent; and when my friend
from Ohio stands upon the outposts of the
Constitution, and challenges the production of
any authority under that instrument for the
measure that is here proposed, I reply by the
same authority which has authorized us to as-
sert the Monroe doctrine in every possible form
except by force of arms and the expenditure
of money to enforce it—by executive rescripts,
by the action of our Legislature, by the action
of our national conventions, and, more than
all, by the imperial authority of the ballot-box
more than once announced.
One example, sir, is Mexico, menaced as
she was during our late war of the rebellion.
We established a protectorate over her which
found its way into our legislation in the form
of "the republic of Mexico," and in the
adoption of a resolution by this body, offered
by my deceased friend, then a Representative
from Maryland, in which we declared that the
empire of Maximilian should not be estab-
lished in Mexico, such being the sense of this
body, reflecting the judgment of the^ people.
That was a protectorate of a higher kind than
that of arms. It showed the high moral pur-
pose which was in force in this world at the
close of the nineteenth century, more powerful
than the prowess of your arms.
In all the republics established or attempted
to be established in the colonies of Spain, Por-
tugal, or France there has been a power, an
influence, a spirit, by whatever name we may
choose to designate it, that is hostile and averse
to a republican form of government. It is in
accord with a foreign Power and allied to it
that has its seat upon the banks of the Tiber.
That influence has been at work from the be-
ginning to undermine and overturn every one
of these South American republics. It is that
Power that has occasional jirotiuiiciamieutos
in Mexico year after year. It is that Power
which has created disturbances in all the South
American republics. It is that Power which
sent Maximilian across here and attempted to
put him upon the throne of the Montezumas.
it is that Power, sir, which, as soon sis war
succeeded the breaking out of our Revolution,
created disturbances in this unfortunate Island
of San Domingo. The people understand it
there as well as we do here. At this juncture
of their affairs the people of that island find
themselves at last disentangled from other
nations. The ill influence of the Power to
which I have referred has been felt in that
beautiful and heaven-adorned island as it has
been in the neighboring republic of Mexico.
It has been the cause of their agony for years.
Now in their distress they turn to us and ask
us to introduce the same influence among thein
that we have established so beneficently in Mex-
ico. That I understand, from the reading of
the resolution and the exposition of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, to be the action that
is proposed on our part. It is to that extent
and no more. I am ready, as my colleague
has expressed it with so much force, to extend
that moral influence to the people of that
island or any other island when they come
here like San Domingo and ask us for it.
I think, Mr. Speaker, with all deference to
the distinguished gentleman from the Brooklyn
district of New York, [Mr. Robinsox,] that he
had better bring in hisproposition by itse.f and
not insist upon it as an amendment to this reso-
lution. The condition of the people of Ireland
presents no analogy to that of the people of
San Domingo. Ireland lies under the guns of a
mighty Power which claims jurisdiction over
it to-day, and which, according to his declara-
tion, is exercising it in a high-handed manner.
But there is no power on earth to take juris-
diction over these people. They stand as free
among the nationalities of this world as any other
people who exist. They Come to us—and that
is the declaration upon which this proceeding is
based—and they say that owing to the malign
influence brought upon them, and which is still
operating, they have been unable to establish—
and by establishing I mean not merely organiza-
tion—arepublican form of government. They
ask us to do for that island what we have been
doing substantially for the whole American
continent, and what we did during the late war
in the case of Mexico.
I am satisfied, Mr. Speaker, that the people
of the United States have a mission upon this
continent higher and broader and loftier than
to sit down and make money to put into our
pockets. God Almighty did not plant this
nation here to live for itself and itself alone.
Our mission is coextensive with the continent
upon which we are placed. It has been wr
instinctive feeling, and our perhaps not always
conscious action- since our beginning, and in
adopting this resolution we are doing nothing
different in kind or character from what wo
have been doing in numberless instances in
this House by acts of legislation _ and' every
other form of expression of our opinion.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, evers-ince
Christopher Columbus discovered this conti-
nent these islands have been for some pur-
poses considered as a part of it. Geographic-
ally they ought, perhaps, to be considered as a
part of this continent. 1 am told by those who.
know more about such subjects than I do that
the commerce of this country needs one or
more West India ports. I know that the
relations existing between these islands and
ourselves are from time to time subjeet to dis-
turbance. I know that more than once in the
history of this nation there have been proposi-
tions to purchase Cuba, and perhaps other
islands in the West Indies. Now, sir, speak-
ing only for myself and according to the in-
formation I now possess, I regard these islands
as a part of the American continent. I believe
they natnrally belong to us, and if I am in
public position when any reasonable measure
is brought forward for the acquisition and
annexation of those islands I shall support it
according to the best of my ability. 1 believe
that we need them, and that we shall need
them more in the future than we have in the
past. I believe that the fathers of our coun-
try, who have been fortunately alluded to in
this debate, considered them as part of our
continent, and when they spoke of a conti-
nental congress and a continental army, and
called their money continental money, and
when everything they said or thought of seemed
to be continental, I suppose they embraced
these islands in their thoughts as possibly be-
longing m the future to our political system.
I have spent my life in endeavoring to carry
out the ideas and principles of the fathers ot
this Republic, and what remains of it, Mr.
Speaker, shall be devoted to the same end. I
believe they included these islands in their
thoughts of a continental government. I
include them in my thought of a continental
government. But, sir, I would acquire them
in a manner worthy of ourselves. I would
either buy them by open and fair negotiations
or I would conquer them by our military
power. I would not steal them, sir, as this
resolution proposes; and by just so much as
I approve of the ultimate acquisition of these
islands in a fair, honorable, manly mode I am
opposed to the proposition' reported by the
gentleman from Massachusetts. [Mr. Banks,J
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, ot
acquiring them by indirection, which his res-
olution certainly contemplates. _
Mr. Speaker, what is this resolution? He
calls it a protection, and cheapens that down to
a moral protection. If I understood him yes-
terday, this moral protection is to be enforced
