i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
of such, conflicts arevolution almost every time
that an election was close. It certainly has
that tendency. All human experience—and
my friend cannot point to a single exception—
demonstrates that the danger to the stability
of republican government is in the contests of
the actual voters at the polls.
This is not an argument against the princi-
ples of republicanism and self-goyernment,
but it is an argument in favor of reaching the
will of the people by sections and divisions in
a great nation, in order that each section and
division may have a voice dependent some-
what upon its local power and its local inde-
pendence, as well as upon the mere weight of
its numbers, irrespective of intelligence or of
virtue.
But, Mr. President, unprepared, as my
friend was not, and unwilling to occupy the
time of the Senate at this stage in the session,
I only rose for the purpose of saying in a few
words that I totally disagree to the ideas ad-
vanced by my friend touching the purpose
which be wishes to accpmplish. . . ,
Mr. WILSON. I feel constrained t0 vote,
against the motion submitted by the Senator
from Nevada. I had hoped, snchis theimport-
ance o£ the subject, that early in the session
Congress would have passed a constitutional
amendment providing for the equality of citi-
zens of the United States in their right to vote
and their right to be voted for. But early action
was not taken, and when the proposition came
from the House of Representatives I thought
it very imperfect. In the lights of to-day it
seems to me that we are putting in peril the
rights and privileges of citizens in portions
of the country. We are haying a contest over
the action of the State of Georgia. There the
black man voted and was permitted to hold
office. The Legislature, without raising the
question as to their right to vote, raised the
question as to their right to hold office, and
turned out the colored members. That ques-
tion is here, and Georgia is not represented in
this body on account of that fact. Now, sir,
the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives leaves out the question of holding office.
I should have been well content to take that
amendment had it applied to holding office as
well as to voting. The amendment that came
from the Committee on the Judiciary, I think,
was a far better one, for it provided not only
for voting, but for holding office. I should be
content to take that amendment. My own
amendment to the Constitution, adopted by the
Seriate, I am sorry to find, is too broad, com-
prehensive, and just to be sustained by the
country. Yes, sir, it is too broad, too "com-
prehensive, too generous, too liberal for the
American .people of to-day. Rhode Island,
Connecticut, New Hampshire, Massachusetts,
and some other States, desire, to preserve their
own notions, even if their notions are contrary
to the rights of citizens of the United States.
The great object that we have in view is to give
the right to vote and to be voted for io three
quarters of a million of colored men.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
should like to say to the gentleman that New
Hampshire gives universal manhood suffrage,
and always lias done so.
Sir. WILSON. But it so happens that New
Hampshire does not give by her constitution
the right tb a Roman Catholic to hold office in
the State, although she does it by practical
action. The constitutional amendment that
we passed applied to that provision of her
constitution.
Mr. President, I generally govern myself by
this practical rule; to get whatever good I can
get and advance as far as I can to-day, hoping
to be able to advance further to-morrow. If
I am not able to accomplish all I wish to-day
I will do what I can, and if 1 am not in the
world to do what I want to do to-morrow some-
body else will be left to do it, I, should cor-
dially concur in this motion to recede if it did
not, in my judgment, give an encouragement
to the men m Georgia who have smitten down
colored representatives in the Legislature, and
if it would not be an inspiration to that class
of men, that while they must concede suffrage
to three quarters of a million of colored men
they may refuse to permit, them to sit on juries
or to hold office. Believing that snch would
be its tendency, that it would have that effect,
after what has taken place, if I vote alone I
feel compelled to vote against this motion to
recede. I regret this necessity that compels
me to differ from honored friends, but duty
impels me to do so. I feel that I am discharg-
ing a sacred duty—duty to my country and to
the rights and interests of humanity.
It seems to me, sir, that this difficulty might
be , easily settled; that the subject could be
referred to a committee of conference, and we
could have a single proposition reported secur-
ing the right to suffrage and the right to hold
office, and providing that color, race, or pre-
vious condition of slavery should not be a test
for voting or a-qualification for holding office
by .citizens of the United States in any part of
the country. I wish the Senate would adopt
that course. I believe that a committee of
conference could agree upon a proposition,
and that we might complete this great work,
at any rate so far as to provide that race, color,
or previous condition of slavery should never
be made a test in any part of the country
against any citizen of the United States for
voting or for holding office. I think it would
be better for the Senate to vote down this mo-
tion to recede, and then to insist on our amend-
ment and join with the House in having a con-
ference committee. If the committee fail, then
we might take the House amendment. But,
sir, this motion means simply that we shall
take the House proposition as they sent it to
us originally,-nothing more and nothing less.
That proposition does not deny to the States
the power to exclude citizens of the United
States from the right to hold office on account
of race, color, or previous condition of slavery.
Mr. CONKLING. I inquire what the mo-
tion is ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion now is that the Senate recede from their
amendment to'the resolution of the House.
Mr. CONKLING. Simply. Now, Mr. Presi-
dent, I ask the attention of the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts who has just taken
his seat to that fact. If the motion were tha
the Senate recede and concur in the amend-
ment of the House, his remarks would be well
founded.
Mr. STEWART. That was ray motion.
Mr. CONKLING. That, the Senator from
Nevada says, was his motion. If it were so
understood by the Chair I should ask him to
change it to the motion as the Chair under-
dcrstands it, and I will suggest to him one rea-
son. This amendment, in order to be consum-
mate, as far as it is made so by the action of
the two Houses, must be adopted by a two-
thirds vote of each House. We can recede
from our amendment by a majority vote. Sup-
pose now the motions were coupled, and as
one motion it should prevail by a vote of a ma-
jority of the Senate, to wit, a majority of the
Senate vote that we recede from our amend-
ments and concur in the House proposition,
thai: proposition will never have passed the
Senate by a two-thirds vote, as the honorable
Senator from Nevada will see ; whereas, if his
motion is propounded as the Chair understands
it, and as I am glad the Chair does understand
it, as a motion simply to recede, the whole pro-
cess becomes simple. Why? Because when
we recede from our amendments the proposi-
tion of the House is before us subject to all the
mutations to which it was subject originally.
It is as if we had not adopted an amendment
to it.
Mr. Pohbroy rose.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator to par-
don me for one moment. I am aware, as the
Chair lias ruled, that we cannot recede and
concur in the House proposition with aa
amendment in any form which would mate
it an amendment to our amendment; and if
Senators who seem inclined to rise wish to get
me right on that point I beg to set myself right.
Mr. POMEROY. That is not the point.
Mr. CONKLING. My proposition is not
that we can concur with an amendment to our-
amendment, or adhere with an amendment to
our amendment; it is that we can recede from,
our amendment; and that having done that,
we can concur in the House proposition wita
such an amendment as we choose. I do not
state this without having reflected upon it and
without having reflected upon the distinction 5
and I call the attention 01 Senators and of the
Chair to the statement of it in Jefferson's
Manual.
Mr. POMEROY. Page 223.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator has looked
at it undoubtedly. I have no doubt that he
has; and if he will allow me to repeat what I
was saying——
Mr. POMEROY. A Senator behind me
inquired what page it was. ,
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon. I read
from Jefferson's Manual this statement: -
"Either House may recede from its amendment
and agree to the bill; or recede from their disagree-
ment to the amendment, and agree to the same abso-
lutely, or with an amendment; lor here the disagree-
ment and receding destroy one another, and the
subject stands as before the disagreement."
And so, further:
"But the House cannot recede from or insist on
its own amendment with an amendment"—
Certainly not—
"for the same reason that it cannot send to the
other House an amendment to its own £iet after it has
passed the act. They may modify an amendment
from the other House by ingrafting an amendment
on it, because they have never sent it to it; bot they
cannot amend their own amendment, because they
have, on the question, passed it in that form."
Citingaprecedent in the Senate, among other
precedents. So, sir, this is my proposition, if
Senators will pardon me for restating it: that
it is competent for the Senate to recede from
its amendment, and that leaves the House prop-
osition as it was before us originally, and Sena-
tors who cannot vote for it without modification
will then have the opportunity to modify it. i
can vote for it as it came from, the House, for
one; and I hope that we may vote for it in
that form so as to concentrate the two-thirds
vote requisite Jipon it, and so as to end, if
possible, the denate which has already dragged
so much. I am very free to say on that ques-
tion, while I am up, that I prefer the proposi-
tion as it came from the House to the proposi-
tion as it ultimately became, as I think rather
by accident and by weariness than by design,
by the action of the Senate.
Mr. FERRY. I desire to correct what
seems to me to be an error into which both the
Chair and the Senator from New York have
fallen. I heard the motion of the Senator from
Nevada, and nnderstoodit to be clearly a mo-
tion to recede and concur. The Senator from
Nevada can state whether I am correct.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me, anybody can call for a division of that
motion, and therefore it would lead to the same
thing. It has two members, both of them sub-
stantive, and we can vote on them separately.
Mr. FERRY. I wish to know from the Sen-
ator from Nevada what is the motion; whether
I understood him aright? -
Mr. STEWART. My motion was to recede
and concur.
Mr. FERRY. That was and is the motion.
Mr. CONKLING. Of course the motion is
under the control of the Senator. He can
modify it now if he chooses, and he can splice
the two motions to recede and to concur ; and'
if he thinks it wise to do so, so be it. But I
propound to him this inquiry: if, the Chair
having submitted the motion to the yeas and
nays, it xurn out that a majority only vote in
iavor of that motion, where do we stand ?
Obviously, it seems to me, in a confusion, in an
anomalous condition; because the act of pass-
ing the amendment is not. consummate unless
it lias a two-thirds vote } whereas the act ftf re-
ceding from our own amendment is eotophfee
