I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
40xii Cong....3d Sess.
Railroad from Washington to New Yorh—Mr. Cook.
IIo. of Reps.
eral Constitution does not mention that power
at all?
Mr. COOK. Because the principle is inhe-
rent in every Government to the extent that it
is sovereign and need not to be specified.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I am speaking now in
regard to the power of the Federal Government
to go into a State and appropriate private prop-
erty for the use of the Government.
Mr. COOK. I will discuss that point at the
proper time.
Mr. WOOD. Has the Government of the
United States any national sovereignty except
what was delegated to it by the States?
Mr. COOK. I suppose the power of the
national Government is derived from the peo-
ple of the United States underthe Constitution,
and not from t.he States.
Mr. WOOD. Did not the people when they
delegated their authority expressly declare that
the powers not directly delegated were reserved
to the States and to the peopie thereof?
Mr. COOK. Yes, sir. " '
Mr. WOOD. That is all the answer I want.
Mr. COOK. But they also declared that
there were certain powers expressly delegated
to the United States, and that whatever powers
were necessary to carry those delegated powers
into execution were also delegated to the na-
tional Government.
But, to return to my argument, I was saying
when interrupted, that it has been decided by
the courts that Congress may purchase land
for a fort'or light-house, and erect such build-
ings without the consent of the States. This
was actually the case with Fort Niagara, which
was held for many years by the United States
before the jurisdiction was ceded by the State
of New York. There is no power given in the
Constitution to the United States to erect light-
houses, dock-yards, &c., except the power to
regulate commerce. That the power to take
private property for public use is given to the
national Government may be clearly inferred
from the last clause of the fifth article of the
amendment of the Constitution : " Nor shall
private property be taken for public use without
just compensation." This is simply a restric-
tion upon the power possessed by the Govern-
ment of the United States under the Constitu-
tion. (Fox vs. State of Ohio, 5 Howard, 434.)
An attempt is made to place a different con-
struction upon the clause in the Constitution
which gives Congress power "to regulate com-
merce among the several States" from that
universally given to the clause giving the power
to regulate commerce with foreign nations and
with the Indian tribes. The power to regulate
foreign commerce has been always conceded
to give the right to build light-houses, dock-
yards, and harbors, to open harbors, to deepen
the mouths of rivers, and to create avenues of
com merce where they did notbefore exist. Can
any one draw a distinction between the right
to do this and the right to create new avenues
of commerce between two or more States?
Can one State without appeal authorize or
forbid at its pleasure the passage of the com-
merce of another State through its limits by
railroad communication? Is the authority of
every State over the greater portion of the
commerce of the several States superior to
that of Congress ? By what right can you cre-
ate a new avenue for foreign commerce if
you may not do so for commerce among the
several States ?
The necessity of the e'Xercise ofthis power may
be seen from the fact that it is in the power cf
great corporations created by the laws of one
State, by the use of controlling capital, to be-
corne virtually the owners of connecting lines
m other States, and thus to form great trunk
lines of communication over which the com-
merce of the interior States must be carried on,
and thus to subject that commerce to such
impositions as their own interests may dictate,
and thus virtually to ''regulate commerce ;
among the several States" by a power wholly :
unknown to the Constitution, and wholly inde-
pendent of the people. Nor do I believe that
any plan can be devised by which the govern-
ment of any one State can remedy this evil.
Mr. O'NEILL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. COOK. Certainly.
Mr. O'NEILL. The gentleman has said that
these railroad corporations chartered by a State
are entirely independent of the State. I wish
to ask him if they are not bound by the provis-
ions and conditions of the charters granted by
the States through which they run?
Mr. COOK. Undoubtedly. But the gen-
tleman has misapprehended the point of my
argument. The Erie railway was chartered
by the Legislature of the State of New York;
but when it acquires control, by means of its
capital, over lines of railroad entirely outside
of the State of New York, then it is exercising
management of railroads over which the State
of New York has no control.
Mr. O'NIELL. I do not suppose the gen-
tleman wishes to be understood as arguing that
the Erie railway, in the instance he has referred
to, is acting under corporate powers given to
them by the State of New York.
Mr. COOK. I have been insisting that the
power to regulate commerce, which ought to
be exercised by Congress, is being exercised
by monopoli3 which are responsible to no one.
So far as the Erie railway exercises control
of great trunk lines running west, outside of the
State of New York, it is not possible for the
State of New York to exercise control outside
of its limits.
There is another reason, which addressed
itself to the committee with some degree of
force, why Congress should exercise power to
regulate railroads as instruments of commerce.
The great lines of railroad west of the Missis-
sippi river, which connect the Atlantic with
the Paeific ocean, are being built mainly by
means furnished by the national Government;
the money which is used in their construction
is taken from the common fund belonging to
all the States. It is well settled that every
highway and all public improvements made by
Congress in a Territory, and which the Federal
Government has not a right to establish in a
State, passes by necessity to the State govern-
ment when the change from a territorial U a
State organization takes place. Congress can-
not by legislation for a Territory obtain a power
in the future State which it cannot originally
exercise without it. This has been frequently
decided. The control, therefore, of the Pacific
roads can be continued after States are organ-
ized along their lines only by the assertion of
a power to charter a railway within their limits
after their admission.
Such has been the pressing necessity for the
exercise of the power to regulate the connec-
tion of these roads where they form lines pass-
ing through different States that attempts have
been made to exercise this indispensable power
by authorizing the consolidation of companies
chartered by different States. Three or four
States get up a new confederation among them-
selves, under which they attempt to create a
corporation by conjoint legislation. What will
ultimately be the effect when exigencies occur
which call for a legal solution of the difficulties
arising from this legislation cannot be foretold.
That great confusion has already ensued no
one can doubt. What are the powers of a con-
solidated railroad company whose several char-
ters contain the most conflicting provisions?
How can a mortgage be foreclosed upon a rail-
road in several States? No American court.
State or Federal, has jurisdiction beyond the
State in which it sits. We see to-day the dis-
graceful spectacle presented by the Erie rail-
road war. Gentlemen take a boat in the even-
ing and row themselves and their corporation
out of the jurisdiction of thecouits. If fol-
lowed, no tribunal can be found in which can
be impleaded more than a fraction of the prop-
erty and persons concerned. These facts show
the necessity of the exercise by Congress of the
power conferred by the Constitution to regulate
commerce among the several States, a com-
merce not limited either in fact or by consti-
tutional definition to the navigable waters of
the country, but for the most part carried ou
over the great national highways extending in
every direction through the length and breadth
of the land.
And where does Congress derive the power
to create corporations to build railroads in the
Territories ? The power is given to dispose of
and make all needful rules and regulations
respecting the territory or other property of the
United States. These words are no broader
or more comprehensive than the words to reg-
ulate commerce. "To make needful rules and
regulations for," and "to regulate," mean
exactly the same thing, and to restrict the
power of Congress over the Territories, as it is
claimed to be restricted over commerce among
the several States, has never been attempted
except, perhaps, in the Dred Scott case.
The practical question is can Congress reg-
ulate the vast and increasing commerce among
the States carried on by means of railways, or
mast that commerce be regulated by monopo-
lies whose power over such commerce is lim-
ited only by the amount of capital at their
command? It will be seen that the details of
this bill have been framed with care to prevent
the creation of fictitious capital stock, to pre-
vent heavy charges, to prevent unnecessary
delays ; and it is confidently believed that the
road can and will be built should this bill be-
come a law, and a speedier, cheaper, and
better communication be established between
this capital and New York.
In regard to one provision of the bill I will
say that I think it is open to amendment. Per-
haps it is not sufficiently guarded to prevent a
consolidation of the powers granted to this
company with those of any other corporation.
But I conceive that the great difficulty with the
railroad corporations now existing in the coun-
try is that the capital stock does not represent
the cost of the road, but represents precisely ihe
amountwhich in the judgment of the directors
or those having control of the road is necessary
to carry on its operations successfully. When
Massachusetts sought, by legislation, to prevent
the increase of the capital stock of her rail-
roads, and also the declaring of dividends
greater than a specified per cent., the result
was that the usefulness of the roads was greatly
diminished, the roads doing no more work than
was sufficient to earn the specified rate of
dividend upon the capital stock. The only
way, it seems to me, by which these evils can
be guarded against in a measure of this kind
is by fixing, as is done in this bill, the maxi-
mum rate of fare and tariff of freight. In other
words, we say to this company, '■ You may
earn all the money you can ; but you must
impose no greater charge for passengers or
freight than we here specify; you must make
the trip in a certain number of hours ; you must
comply with certain regulations as to the time
of starting and arriving." If this bill should
become a law it will be found that, so far as
the traffic over this road is concerned, the com-
merce will be effectually regulated for the
interest of the public.
Mr. O'NEILL. I am sorry to interrupt the
gentlemen with another question, but I wish to
inquire whether the object thegentleman seeks
would not be better accomplished if he would
prepare and present to the House a measure
to be enacted by Congress as a general railroad
la'vv? I think he has shown most dearly the
power of Congress to pass a bill of this bind,
but if his object is to assert that power, why
not urge upon the House the passage of a gen-
eral railroad law which mightextend, if capital
could be raised f'orthe purpose, a railroad from
the Atlantic lo the Pacific?
Mr. COOK. In the first place, the Commit-
