THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
by. our men of war iu those seas. I do not
know whether we can enforce it in San Do-
mingo in any other way than by the use of our
military power. Well, sir, thehistory ofmodern
attempts at protection show in what manner they
usually end. Russia undertook to protect the
'•sick man'' Turkey, and brought upon herself a
great war. France undertook to protect the
empire of Mexico, and look at the deplorable
consequences which followed that act. When
we undortake protection of feeble Governments
as yet foreign to us we shall attract and invite
assault from every powerful nation of Europe.
They will understand instantly that it will dis-
turb the balance of power. We will then have
upon our hands a war, a constitutional war,
according to the views of iny friend from Ohio,
because it would be a war forced upon us by
powerful nations which we have provoked to
war by our folly. What is the motive for this,
sir, at this time ? If these islands are unable
to govern themselves let them be annexed to
this country and we will govern them, and
govern them badly if we govern them as we
now govern the people of the southern States.
Indeed, it is a marvel, to me that the gentleman
from Massachusetts should want more negroes
brought within our limits in view of the actual
condition of things in this country at this time.
It seems to me that it would be time enough
to annex San Domingo and involve ourselves
in an attempt more or less sensible to govern
them after we had settled our own disturbed
affairs in the southern States.
Sir, I think that the gentleman from Ohio
hit this measure exactly when he said there
was a speculation in it. If I understand the
proposed substitute for the resolution of the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
it includes Alta Vela as well as all the other
outlying pigeon-roosts in those seas, and we
know from what we have heard this winter
that there is considerable speculation in Alta
Vela. I hold that the Government ought to
intervene in regard to Alta Vela so far as to
frotcct the vested rights of our own citizens.
believe there are living in Maryland some
honest men who own Alta Vela and who are
good .lojral citizens of the country," and the
power of this Government ought to secure to
these citizens their rights. But this is not the
mode of doing it, nor is that object in the ori-
ginal contemplation of the resolution from the
Committee ou Foreign Affairs.
This proposition, sir, to engage the Govern-
ment in a military protectorate which is most
likely to involve us in a general European war
seems to me to be ill-timed in all of itsaspects,
and especially while wo have a national debt
like that which is oppressing us at this moment.
Why, sir, we have a war debt now which is far
from being provided for. Gentlemen are not
well agreed as to whatshould be done with it.
Do they propose to increase it by bringing on
another war, and that for the purpose of ad-
justing our relations with islands which will
ultimately gravitate to us and become a part
of this country ? This is no time for such a
policy, and the gentleman's resolution if other-
wise unobjectionable would be exceedingly ob-
jectionable in point of time. I think the entire
energies of this country ought to be directed
to the paying of our national debt. I say the
paying of it, and not the funding of it. You
may change the Iprm ol'our public debt as much
as you please, but isiiJJ it will exist as a burden
and incubus upon us until it is paid. I am not,
therefore, for any measure w'l^ch will withdraw
the country from that gre?,t central point and
destroy those energies stabilities whiehshould
be directed to the extjugdshment 9f (that,<lebt.
Let me tell you, Mr. Speaker, .that utiie^s
we get rid of the debt we will have no Repub-
lic of our own in the future to maintain. I
believe that every monarchy in the world has
been built upon a national debt, aud that a
great debt hanging over any people is incon-
sistent with republican institutions. If we
would n air;taiu our republican institutions,
therefore, we ouiSt put ourselves back upon
the principles of the fathers of the country,
avoid all entangling alliances with all foreign
Governments, and concentrate all our energies
toward a redemption of our own country from
the great burden of a national debt. If there
was any one principle of George Washington
and the other founders of the .Republic better
defined in their minds than another, it was that
this should be a nation out of debt—a free
and independent people, untaxed, and such a
people we cannot be with such a debt as that
which oppresses us at this time.
Now, Mr. Speaker, without going further
into this debate, I will move that the resolution
and the pending amendments be laid upon the
table.
Mr. BANKS. I trust the gentleman will
allow me a word.
Mr. WOODWARD. I withdraw my motion
for that purpose.
Mr. BANKS. This is a question which can-
not be evaded. It cannot be laid upon the
table. By the providence of God and the
movements of great nations it has been forced
upon us, and must be decided. I trust that the
House will allow the discussion to be con-
tinued for a reasonable time. I will not ask
much. In order that we may act upon this
question affirmatively or negatively, let us have
a reasonable time for discussion. I do not ask
unreasonable attention to it, but I do ask the
House will discuss the question so that it may
be understood fairly and fully, and we may
have a decision in the affirmative or negative,
and not evade it by the motion to lay upon the
table.
Mr. WOODWARD. With every disposition
to accommodate the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, I cannot with deference to the opinions
of those around me withdraw my motion, and
I must therefore insist upon it.
Mr. BANKS. Then I trust it will be voted
down.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. CULLOM. If the motion to lay upon
the table is voted down, will it not be then in
order to move that the resolution and pending
amendments be recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs?
The SPEAKER. That motion would then
be in ordor.
Mr. CULLOM. I give notice that I shall
make that motion if the motion to lay upon
the table does not prevail.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 126, nays 3G, not
voting 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Arnell, Delos It.
Acbioy, Axtell, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Barnes.Bar-
num.Bearaan, Beatty.Bcck.Bcnjamin.Benton.Bmg-
ham. Boyden, Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks, Broomall,
Buekland, Burr, Oake.Callis, Gary,Churchill, Reader
W. Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Corley, Cornell, Covode,
Gullom, Delano, Dockery, Dodge, Eckloy, Ela, Fer-
riss, Fields, Fox, Geta, Slossbrenner, Golladay, Goss,
Gravely, Griswold, Grovor, Haight, llalsey, Hard-
ing, Hawkins, Ileaton, Hill, Holman, Hopkins,
Chester D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Jenckes,
Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones,
Judd, Kolley, Kerr, Kitchen, Koontz, Lash. George
V. Lawrence. Lincoln, Loughridgc, Marshall. Mar-
vin, McCarthy, McCormick, McKee, Mercur, Miller,
Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mungen, Newcomb,
Newsham, Niblack, Nicholson. Norris, O'JSieill, Per-
harn. Peters, Pettis, Phelps, Pierce, Pike, Poland,
Polsley, Randall, Scofield, Shanks, Shellabarger,
Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, Stone, Stover,
Xaber, Taffe, Thomas, Tift. John Trimble, Lawrence
S. Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson. Van Auken, Burt
Van Horn, Van Tiump, Ward, Elihu B. Washburne,
Welker, William Williams, James F. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodward—126.
NAYS—Messrs. Banks, Blair. Boles, Bontwell,
Benjamin F.Butler, Roderick It. Butler, Chanler,
Sidney Clarke, Clift, Cobb, Deweese, Driggs, Thomas
D. Eliot, James T. Elliott, French, Garfield, Gove,
Higby. Hooper, Hotehkiss, Ingersoll, Maynard, Mul-
ling, Plants, Price, Prince, Sawyer, Sitgreaves,
Spalding, Sypher, Twiohell, Vidal, Henry D. Wash-
tttja. Whitteinore, Windom, and young—36.
NOT \ OriHG—Messrs. Adjuns, Ames, Anderson,
James M. As'nlev, Blackburn, Blaine,Bowen, Buck-
ley, Dasf«, JSiskcy, Dixon, Donnelly, Edwards Eg-
gtestori. Bldridgs Farnsworth, Ferry, Hamilton,
Hiiughey, Asahel W. Hubbard. Richard D. Hubbard,
Hillburd. Julian, Kellogg, Kolsev, Ketcham, Knott
Laflw, William Lawrence, Lean, Logan, Lynch
$Mlary, Mi'-Cullougji, MomssuyJJis^jiS, ffunn, Orth'
/
Paine, Pile, Pomeroy, Prnyn, Raum, Robertson,
Robinson, Roots, Ross, Sehenck, Selye, Stewart,
Taylor, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Van
Wyek, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Thomas Williams, John T. Wilson, Wood,
and Woodbridge—60.
So the resolution and amendments were laid
on the table.
Mr. WOODWARD moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
louisiana election.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting, in compliance
with the resolution of the House, the return
of the vote by which the late James Mann was
elected to Congress from the second district
of Louisiana; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
l. alcan.
On motion of Mr. WINDOM, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of
the House of the papers in the case of L. Alcan.
winchester and alabama railroad. .
On motion of Mr. ARNELL, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of
the House of papers in the case of the Win-
chester and Alabama railroad.
Mr. GARFIELD. Of course copies are to
be left of these papers ?
The SPEAKER. That must be done, un-
less otherwise ordered by special action of the
House, and such action has not been provided
for in either of these cases.
restriction of franking privilege.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee ou the Post Office
and Post Roads, reported back House bill No.
1549, to restrictand regulate the franking priv-
ilege; which was ordered to be printed, and
recommitted to the same committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
enter a motion to reconsider its recommittal.
If I could do so I would insist that it should
now be put upon its passage. It restricts the
franking privilege, doing away entirely with
facsimile stamps, which the Postmaster Gen-
eral reports to us is the cause of a large defi-
ciency in the revenue of the Post Office De-
partment.
The SPEAKER. The motion to recon-
sider will be entered upon the Journal.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hamlin, one of its clerks, which announced
that that body had passed without amendment
House bill No. 967, to provide for the removal
of the remains of Hon. W. T. Coggeshall, late
minister of the United States at Ecuador, to
the United States.
It also announced that the Senate had passed
House bill No. 1261, amendatory of an aet
entitled "An act relating to habeas corpus, and
regulating judicial proceedings in certain
cases," with an amendment, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
It announced, in conclusion, that the Senate
had passed a joint resolution (S. R. No. 194)
authorizing the transfer of certain appropri-
ations heretofore made for the public printing,
binding, and engraving; in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
alaska.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Territories, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1681)
to provide a temporary government for the
territory of Alaska; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
bill be read.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I will state to the
House that there are but two provisions in this
bill differing from those contained in the ordi-
nary territorial bills; and unless the House
wants the whole bill read I will ask the Clerk
to read only those two provisions.
