12©2
fHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February!?,
when more than a majority of those voting
sustain that side.
Mr. STEWART. I do not care for the vote
to reeede to succeed unless the vote to concur
also succeeds, because I am thoroughly satis-
fied that if this matter is to go back to the
House of Representatives and is opened again
to amendment here the time of the session
will not permit us to pass any constitutional
amendment. And here let me say to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that I, with him, am
very anxious that the right to hold office should
also be included in this proposition. I appre-
ciate the embarrassment in Georgia as much
as he does. But I think if we let this session
pass without doing anything, which will proba-
bly be the result if it is thrown open again to
amendment, we shall lose everything. I should
like to have the question taken on the motions
together, because if we recede and then throw
it open to amendment, and spend two or three
days in proposing all sorts of amendments, and
then have it go back to the House, we shall
probably lose the whole proposition. Without
occupying any time, I appeal to the friends of
the proposition to stand by it as it came from
the House, and let us terminate it here and get
something, make some progress; because if
we fail in this effort we shall fail altogether.
I ask the friends of the measure to stick by it
now until we get a vote; and while I am on
my feet I will move that the order for a recess
be rescinded.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
can be recinded by unanimous consent.
Mr. POMEROY. We may reach the vote
by four o'clock, and it is not nccessary to re-
scind it at this moment.
Mr. STEWART. We had better do it now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we can have the
vote before four o'clock. I desire to say a
word on this subject if I have the floor.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to say a word
on the question of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. ■ Is there
any objection to putting the question on the
motion to rescind the order for a'recess?
. Mr. VICKERS. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the motion cannot be entertained.
Mr. POMEROY. Itisquitaimportantthat
when we do take a vote on this question we
take it intelligently and under the rules of the
Senate, because there is a good deal of import-
ance attached to the question whether we do
pass this amendment in a constitutional man-
ner and according to our own rules. We may
have different views, although I think we can
all agree with the Senator from Nevada in our
anxiety to perfect and pass the measure and to
stick by it, as he says, until it is passed. But
I apprehend that the moment you recede from
the Senate amendments that moment you have
agreed to the House proposition. There is no
such thing as receding and agreeing, because
it you present to the Senate a proposition that
you will now agree to the amendment of the
House, that is open to amendment. You can-
not bring the proposition of the House here
and ask me to vote upon it unless I have the
right to amend it. That simple statement proves
the absurdity of the position of the Senator from
New York that there are two questions, one of
receding and one of concurring. There is but
one question, and the moment you have receded
from the Senate amendments you have passed
the House proposition. Technically that prop-
osition has passed by a two-thirds vote. The
Senator says not. It passed by a two-thirds vote
in this way: when you sent over to the House
the aetionof the Senate you sent the resolution
over by a two-thirds vote. You sent it over,
to be sure, amended; but it passed this body
by a two-thirds vote.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my friend allow
me to ask mm a .question?
Mr. POMEROY. -Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Waa mot that vote ex-
pressly on striking it out- snck ingertinsr som6"
thing else? ,
Mr. POMEROY. No', sir; it was not. So,
that if we intend to adhere strictly to the par-
liamentary law on this subject there is only one
motion that can be put, and that is to recede;
and if the Senate recedes from its amendments,
then the House proposition is adopted, and in
strict parliamentary law it is adopted by a two-
thirds vote, although we may recede from our
amendment by a majority vote. I admit that
it would be more in conformity to popular
ideas to take another vote, and then vote to
adopt the House proposition ; but the moment
you have introduced that I can get up and
move to amend it, and it is open to amend-
ment.- You cannot produce a proposition from
the House here and ask me to vote upon it
when it is not subject to amendment. There-
fore the proposition to recede and concur is a
false proposition, and cannot be voted-upon
under the rules of the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I have great respect for the
opinion of the Senator from Kansas on ques-
tions of order and every other question, and
for the opinions of others with whom I have
consulted; but, sir, the Constitution requires
that any amendment of the Constitution sub-
mitted to the States shall have the approval of
two thirds of each House. I ask if that con-
stitutional requirement can be obviated by any
technicality of rule o*r any kind of jugglery that
can be resorted to in the way of rules? I sub-
mit that it cannot; that we cannot lay before
the States a constitutional amendment for them
to ratify except it shall have the approval of
two thirds of each House, that being the con-
stitutional requirement; and that that require-
ment cannot be obviated or overcome by any
parliamentary law or rule that may be adopted.
Now, Mr. President, the House proposition
has not received the concurrence of two-thirds
of the members of the Senate. If we shall
recede from our amendment by a simple ma-
jority, then the question comes up on the House
proposition. It we shall agree to it by two-
thirds of the votes of the Senate, then it is a
proposition to go before the States. But, sir,
if we shall hold that by merely receding from
the amendments of the Senate the House prop-
osition is adopted, what is the practical effect?
That we submit an amendment to the Consti-
tution to the several States when the Senate
of the United States has never voted on the
proposition either by two-thirds or by a major-
ity, but has simply by a majority receded from
its own amendments which were a very differ-
ent thing. We cannot overcome the Consti-
tution of the United States in that way.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to say one
word in explanation of the vote I am about to
give. I voted for the amendment offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,]
which was adopted by the Senate. I believed
it a better proposition than the one that came
from the House. But I am satisfied that we
cannot obtain the Senate amendments, and
therefore I am willing to take one that is not
so good, in my opinion, rather than to have
the whole measure fail. The great central
idea is, that the colored people shall not be
debarred from the right of suffrage on account
of color, race, or previous condition of slavery.
While I should be glad to accompany it with
some other restrictions upon the power of the
States as to restricting the right of suffrage, still
I am willing to take the House amendment
because it does cover the main idea.
In regard to the amendment originally pro-
posed by the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Buckalew] for the reformation of the electoral
colleges, I am in favor of it. I have not heard
an argument that goes against the merits of
that proposition. The argument of the Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] was able
and ingenious. But when he told us that the
election of electors by a State Legislature was
an expression of the popular will, and that it
could not be wrong so far as the popular feel-
ing of the State is concerned, I do not concur
with him. Under the Constitution as it now
stands it was entirely competent for a Legis-
lature elected in 186-7, without any reference to
the presidential election', to have elected elect^
ors to cast the vote of the State for President
in 1868. Would that have been an expression
of the popular will? And yet it is competent
far any State to do that under the Constitution
as it now stands. When the Senator from
Vermont tells us that the concluding part of
that amendment, which gives to Congress the
power to prescribe the manner in which the
people shall choose electors, is a dangerous
power, my answer is that' it is just the same
power that Congress now has to prescribe the
manner in which members of the House of
Representatives shall be elected—no greater,
and no less.
But, Mr. President, while I am in favor of
that amendment, I am not willing to hazard
the- main question' by insisting that it shall
beeome a part of the constitutional amend-
ment submitted to the people. I have reason
to believe that the House will not concur in
that amendment. That amendment is not of
a party character, and I believe it will be sub-
mitted and adopted hereafter. It commends
itself to the good judgment of the American
people, and 1 believe that hereafter men of
all parties will support it. I am not willing,
therefore, to risk the adoption of a constitu-
tional amendment on the main question even
by attaching to it one so good as that proposed
by the Senator from Pennsylvania. I am there-
fore willing to waive my views in regard to the
superior character of the amendment offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son,] and of the great value of the one offered
by the Senator from Pennsylvania. I am will-
ing to recede from the Senate amendments,
and I then want a vote taken squarely upon the
amendment presented to us by the House. I
believe that under the Constitution we cannot
submit that to the States until it has received
a majority of two thirds of each body. We
cannot by any jugglery of rules or parliament-
ary law evade the requirement which requires
it to receive a majority of two thirds of each
body.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to consume
time, and do not intend to do so, beeause I
am willing to vote for this amendment in any
form. But I think it would be better to take
the ordinary course and send this question to
a committee of conference, and then allow any
debate to spring up on the report of the com-
mittee. The only points of disagreement be-
tween the two Houses are, first, as to whether
the amendment shall embrace the question of
holding office, and second, whether it shall
extend the discrimination to questions of
alienage, &c., beyond color. I do not care to
enter into that debate. I shall vote to send it
to a committee of conference iu the ordinary
way, and I believe that will expedite the
passage of the constitutional amendment. I
rose 
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to inquire
of the Senator how he is going to vote to do
that under this motion that is pending?
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose, before I sit
down, to explain that. I will move that the
Senate insist on its amendment and agree to
the conference asked by the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is perfectly in order.
Mr. POMEROY. The motion to recede
takes preference.
Mr. SHERMAN.' Certainly it does. Bufe
if the Senate should vote down the motion to
recede as a matter of course the question will
come up on the motion to insist; and it is
plainly the right, under the parliamentary law,
if a motion is made to recede from the Senate
amendment and to agree to the House propo-
sition for any member of the Senate to call for
a division of the motion and to take the vote
on the motion to recede. That can be done
by a majority. Then the motion to agree still
remains, and that can be passed by a vote of
two thirds.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to ask
