1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
whole bill may be read. This is just what I
expected when we went into this Alaska busi-
ness.
The bill was read.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. This is a sim^
territorial bili, and contains the same provis
ions, with the exception of those to which I
have referred, contained in previous territo-
rial bills. The territory of Alaska having
been acquired, the question now is, whether
it shall have a civil or military government.
The committee have instructed me to report
this bill, and unless some gentleman desires
to move an amendment I shall call for the
previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will not
the gentleman allow any discussion of this
Dill ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. How long does
the gentleman want?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ten min-
utes.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I yield to the gen-
tleman for ten minutes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee on the Territories, Mr. Speaker, has
sprung upon us this morning this bill providing
for a temporary government for the territory
of Alaska in such a way that I do notknow what
will come next. We have just had before us
the question of a protectorate over some of the
islands in the West Indies, and all sorts of
things in that direction down among the earth-
quakes, and now my friend from Ohio proposes
to go up among the icebergs and establish a
territorial government where, I am advised,
outside of the Army there are not fifty white
men living. He proposes to establish this ter-
ritorial government there for this small num-
ber of white persons, and to impose upon the
United States an annual expense of, I take it,
not less than $o0,000. Before I vote upon this
bill I desire that the gentleman from Ohio,
instead of calling the previous question, shall
submit to the House some observations show-
ing, if he can, the absolute necessity for the
establishment of this government. I?or one,
sir, I can see no such necessity. All that we
want in that territory is the military gov ern-
ment which we have there at present. This
military government affords full and ample
protection to all our interests there, and in-
volves us in no expense beyond the ordinary
cost for the maintenance of the Army.
I have not had time, Mr. Speaker, to go over
this bill in detail; but I was surprised at the
statement of the gentleman from Ohio when he
said that this is but the ordinary bill for the
establishment of a territorial government. Sir,
I find upon the eighth page of the printed bill
an extraordinary section—section seven and
1 undertake to say that this whole bill had its
inception—of course without the knowledge of
my distinguished friend—in that section. Now,
sir, it is known that if there be any value at all
in this territory of Alaska it is in the seal fish-
eries. The island of St. Paul, which is em-
braced in the Alaska purchase, is the only
home of the fur-hearing seal in the world. The
House will recollect that at the close of the last
session, when this subject was brought to our
attention by the Secretary of the Treasury and
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
we passed an act making an appropriation of
§60.000, and providing that no seal should be
killed until further legislation by Congress on
the subject. At that time the opinion of the
Secretary of the Treasury and the opinion of
this House was that it was our duty to protect
those seal fisheries, which, as I contend, are
tho only valuable part of that purchase. What
do we now find? While the Committee on
Commerce, under the lead of its chairman, the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts L-™^*
Eliot,] is, as I understand, considering this
subject, and endeavoring to devise such regu-
lations that the United States may derive a
revenue from those seal fisheries, the gentle-
man from Ohio, in his bill tor the establish-
ment of this territory, incorporates this extraor-
dinajqr'seetion, which I will tead -
✓E5EC. 7. And be it further enacted. That tho Legisla-
tive Assembly of the territory shall at itsfirstsession
provide by law for the preservation of the valuable
furs in said territory, especially the sea otter, the
seal, and the beaver
I would
Thus the jurisdiction of the United States
over this subject is taken away, and the whole
question is put under the control of the Legis-
lative Assembly of that territory. Half a
dozen speculators going up there may get into
the territorial legislature, and by making such
laws as they please may take possession of
this whole seal fishery. That, I undertake to
say, was one of the controlling considerations
which induced the bringing in of this bill. Sir,
I know what attempts have been made before
the Committee on Commerce—my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] will state the facts
more distinctly—to obtain the monopoly of
those seal fisheries. Certain companies are
endearoring to obtain for a mere song the
exclusive right of carrying on those fisheries.
But, sir, independently of the proposition
embraced in this seventh section, which, I take
it, the gentleman from Ohio will not undertake
to press upon the House, my great objection
to this bill is that there is no earthly necessity
for the establishment of this territorial govern-
ment; that such a measure is not demanded
of us for the protection of any rights of Amer-
ican citizens there. If there be no necessity
of this kind I ask why should this House em-
bark in this scheme for the expenditure of the
public money ? Why is it necessary to estab-
lish this government in that territory when we
have no people there requiring protection ex-
cept those who can be protected by the mili-
tary force already there ? _ The accounts which
we receive from that territory of the sickness
and suffering of the people who are sent there
show conclusively that it never will be inhab-
ited to any considerable extent by white people.
Why, sir, it was but the other day I saw that
one of our Army officers there had committed
suicide from sheer home-sickness in conse-
quence of being driven there into banishment
by the Government, which placed him on duty
in that territory. We shall have a small force
there, and the smaller the better ; and prob-
ably, as my friend from Massachusetts sug-
gests, we shall have a bill brought in by my
colleague [Mr. Cullom] to bring home the
body of this distinguished military officer who
has sacrificed his life in the service of his
country in the territory of Alaska.
Now, sir, I desire gentlemen should look over
this bill; look at the machinery ; look at your
future delegate in Congress who will have to
come a distance of five thousand miles, for
which he will be entitled to mileage, to say noth-
ing of his salary. And I presume he will be
elected by a mass meeting at that. Look at
your court and legislature, with all the parapher-
nalia of a government forfifty white people out-
side of your military force. I trust the House
will vote down the bill, and that we shall hear
no more of this expenditure for that territory.
Mr. MUNGEN. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman has no right, after the passage
of the fourteenth article of amendment to the
Constitution, to make any distinction on ac-
count of color. He talks about white people.
["Laughter. ]
The SPEAKER. The chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. FERRISS. I ask the gentleman from.
Ohio to allow me to offer an amendment to the
blMr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I will allow it to
be read. .
The Clerk read the proposed amendment, as ;
follows: I
Strike out all after the enacting elause and insert ;
thTha't oTe President be authorizedi to hind the United j
States by treaty to pay the sum of $i.200,0d0 to any ]
respectable European, Asiatic, or African Power :
which will accept a cession of the territory of Ala.ka.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I decline to allow i
thai amendment to be offered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.
like to have a vote upon it.
Mt. BLIOT, of Massachusetts. I rise for
the purpose of offering an amendment to the
bill by striking out the seventh section.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. That motion may-
be entered.
The Clerk read the section proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
That the Legislative Assembly of theterrltory shall
at its first session provide hy le w for the. preservation'
of the valuablo furs in, said territory, especially too
sea otter, the seal, and the beaver.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I yield three
minutes to the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. PRICE. I wish to say that I think be-
fore passing this bill organizing the territory
of Alaska we ought to know how many people
there are there to be governed, and to know
whether the expense we are proposing to incur
is justified by the necessities of the case. I
tried all I could when the question of the pur-
chase of that, territory was before Congress to
pi event it. One reason why I opposed it w$,s
because I knew from the natural course of
things that it would not be long before we
would be asked to spend money to keep that
which wo were purchasing. And now if it be
true, as I believe, that there are very lew per-
sons there, and as I believetlie military forces
in the territory can keep it in a better condi-
tion and at less expense than iu any other
way, I think we had better refuse to establish
a territorial government there.
Look at the expense to be incurred—six dol-
lars day for every member of the Legislature and
six dollars for every twenty miles travel. The
delegate to Congress will receive 55,000 a year
salary, and how many thousand dollars for
mileage I cannot tell, not knowing the distance.
It is almost to us a foreign couutry. I shall
be surprised if this House, without kuowmg
that there is a necessity for this measure, shall
undertake to incur this expense and encourage
this kind of thing. I hope, therefore, that it
will refuse to organize the territory. Now
that we have got it and cannot give it away or
lose it, I hope we will keep it under military
rule and get along with as little expense as
possible. It is a dead loss to us^ any way, and
the more expense we incur for it the worse it
is for the country and the people. I hope,
therefore, that the bill will not pass. If I had
the floor to make a motion I would move to
lay it on the table; but as I have not, the only
thino1 I can now do is to vote against the bill.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The argument of
the gentleman who has just addressed the
House would be very good as against the ac-
quisition of this territory. But it having been
purchased, and the sovereignty of the United
States having extended over it under she obli-
gation of the treaty made with the emperor of
Russia, in my judgment, we are bound in good
faith to extend to every citizen of Russia, made
by that treaty a citizen of the United States,
and to every citizen of the United States who
now is or may hereafter be a resident of that
territory, the benefit of a civil government.
Mr. MILLER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man what is the number of inhabitants in that
territory exclusive of Indians? _
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Exclusive of In-
dians there are several thousands. It was
stated at the time the treaty was under con-
sideration in the Senate that a large number
of foreigners, several thousands, not omy Rus-
sians but other foreigners, had settled and were
resident there. . .
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to ask the gentleman whether he designs by
this bill to establish female suffrage -in the ter-
ritory of Alaska ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. No, sir.
Mr. WILSQ2T, of Pennsylvania. As I un-
derstand the fifth section of the bill it allows
female suffrage there. And I desire to ask the
gentleman whether a female may be appointed
governor of the territory?
' Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The fifth section
