1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the United States the large expense of con-
ducting civil government in Alaska. It may be
that that is right; it is not that point I am con-
sidering. But the bill will not only impose
upon the Treasury that expense  
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I trust the gen-
tleman will give way for a moment. The hour
is nearly out, and I desire to call the previous
question before it expires. When the previous
question has been seconded the discussion
can go on and the gentleman can resume the
floor.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. Let me fin-
ish my sentence. The passage of this bill will
not only impose upon the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States the expense of civil government in
Alaska, but it will deprive_ the Treasury of a
sum not less, in my opinion, than $200,000
annually. This is the amount which will go
into the Treasury every year if the killing of
the fur-bearing seal be properly regulated by
law.
Mr. CHANLER. I move the following as
an additional section:
And it is made the duty of the Legislature of the
territory organized under this act, as soon as practi-
cable, to colonize a portion of said territory by trans-
porting thither from the United States all persons
convicted in any of the States or Territories thereof
of crime and condemned to hard labor for a term
exceeding two years.
Mr. BROOMALL. Would not that make
the territory Democratic?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I cannot yield for
any such amendment.
Mr. CHANLER. What objection can there
be to it?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I cannot reply
now. I demand the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ I move
that the bill and amendments be laid on the
table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
05, noes 20.
So the bill and amendments were laid on the
table.
Mr. WASHBURN'S, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill aud
amendments were laid on the table ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled an
act (H. B. No. 907) to provide for the removal
of the remains of Hon. W. T. Coggeshall, late
minister of the United States at Ecuador, to
the United States ; when the Speaker signed
the same.
resumption of specie payments.
The SPEAKER stated that the morning
hour had expired, and the first business in
order was House bill No. 1304, to provide for
the gradual resumption of specie payments,
reported from the Committee on Banking and
Currency by Mr. Lynch, and made the special
order for the first Wednesday in January, and
from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Yirginia. The
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] is absent
on account of sickness, and at his request I
move that its farther consideration be post-
poned until next Friday after the morning
k°Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Make it
Saturday.
Mr. KELLEY. If the House should adjourn
from Friday to Monday and this special order
should be postponed until Saturday, what would
be the effect on this bill?
The SPEAKER. It would come up after
the morning hour as the special order, as it is
the special order from day to day until chs-
P°ih. l>fRICE. I demand the reading of the
blThe SPEAKER. The Digest says that a
question of postponement does not bring up
the merits of a bill, and therefore the gentle-
man cannot demand the readiug of the bill.
Mr. CULLOM. I think that it should
be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I accept
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
and will move that its further consideration be
postponed until Saturday next.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope that will be
agreed to, as the gentleman from Maine is
absent on account of sickness.
The motion was agreed to.
repeal Of tenure-of-office act.
The SPEAKER stated that Mr. Archer,
having been absent when the vote was taken
on the repeal of the tenure-of-offiee act, would,
if he bad been present., have voted for it, and
Mr. Broom.u.l, and Mr. Williams of Penn-
sylvania, would have voted against it.
ute indians.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, transmitting a letter from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, with an estimate of
appropriations for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various bands of Ute Indians ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
niagara ship-canal.
The SPEAKER stated that the next busi-
ness in order was House bill No. 1202, to pro-
vide for the construction of a ship-canal
around the falls of Niagara ; which was made
the special order for the second Tuesday of
January after the morning hour, and fromday
to day until disposed of.
Mr. Van Horn, of New York, took the
floor.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I hope the gen-
tleman from New York will yield to mo to
move that the House go into the Committee of
the Whole, as I desire to submit some remarks
in reference, to the public lands.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I do not
object if it be the understanding that this bill
will comeup to-morrow after the morning hour
and that I shall be entitled to the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to that.
The bill was read.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I ask unanimous con-
sent that an amendment which I propose to
move to this bill shall be ordered to be printed.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that, by unanimous consent, this bill shall go
over till to-morrow with the gentleman from
New York entitled to the floor, and that we
shall go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union to let the gentleman
from Kansas submit some remarks, with the
understanding that no further business shall be
done this evening. _
There was no objection 5 and it was ordered,
accordingly.
leave OF absence.
The question being taken ou the motion to
adjourn, it was disagreed to.
president's message.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union upon the President's
message of 1867.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Van Horn, of New York, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
President's annual message of 1807.
:N/
Mr. Or.th was granted indefinite leave of
absence.
james a. drew.
On motion of Mr. PETERS, leave was
oranted for the withdrawal from the files ot the
House of the papers in the case of James A.
Drew.
order op business.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What has become of my
motion to adjourn ? . ,
The SPEAKER. The House has, by unan-
imous consent, agreed to resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole. Ihe Chair asked it
there was objection, and he heard none.
Mr. BENJ AM1N. I did notconsentto that.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair will en-
tertain the motion to adjourn.
PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Mr. Chairman,
our public-land system is one of the best safe-
guards of the Republic. Whoever owns the
land of a country, be they many or few, will
in the end control its politics. It is the ap-
preciation of this fact that has been the motive
of many of the agrarian struggles and agita-
tions in the past history of the world. Where
the masses of the people own the soil, that
country is strong to resist all external foes
and to overcome much of internal dissension.
Where the land is controlled by a minority, pov-
erty will surely abound and the national vitality
will be destroyed. Prance and England are
good illustrations of this fact. If 1703, with
all its terrors, accomplished no more than to
take the land from the oligarchy it overthrew
and divide the same among the democracy it
created, it gave to France a power which the
banded armies of Europe could do no more
than temporarily defeat. It found France a
land of serfs and left it a nation of landhold-
ers. The transfer of the soil from the nobility
to the people was the foundation of social
equality. _
Take Great Britain as an example of an op-
posite condition. Vast forces have cohered to
hold her empire strong, in spite of the fatal
malady which at home eats out its vitals. The
capacity for colonization possessed by the Eng-
lish people has alone saved the English system
from downfall. Land, denied at home, has
been won by the Englishman abroad. Just in
proportion as its occupation there lias been
untrammeled the colonies of Lnglanu have
grown great.
Bat the landed monopoly, increasing^ at so
fearful a rate during the last century, is the
Nemesis whijsh pursues the haughty oligarchy
that still controls England and hastens the fate
that sooner or later overtakes all governments
and peoples who build injustice and rapacity
into systems. All students of modern politics
know, that in Europe, Great Britain has de-
scended from a controlling to a second rate
position. Were it not for her broad colonies,
with their rich and free lands to lift teeming
millions from poverty into comfort, affording
markets for the products of the busy work-
shops at home, the crash, in my judgment,
would have come long since. Tiventy-tive
years before our war of independence the soil
of England was in the possession of over three
hundred and fifty thousand persons. To-day
the land of Great Britain, with its thirty odd
millions of inhabitants, is outside of its cities
owned by about thirty-two thousand persons.
The yeomanry of the mother country were
transferred to tftese shores, and brought with
them that grand ideal of the Anglo-Saxon
brain, a free government upheld by witling
obedience to law—a land in which each family
could own its own home, and where the soil
should be in the possession of those who culti-
vated it. ^
Sir, in our own midst we have had fearful
examples of land monopoly. No portion of
our eountiy has escaped its destructive ^influ-
ences. North and South the great evil has
appeared to bar the public prosperity ass to
crush the unfortunate and the poor. Just ia
proportion in each of the States^ that the so I
has been opened to the tiller, just so iar as
labor has been able to possess its fruits, seww-
ity has been stable and progress assured.
