1296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
tionis, Stall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the Senate?" and upon this
question the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken-by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 12; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony J5uekalew, Cam-
eron Cattell, Cole, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds Ferry,
Fessenden.Frelinghuys'en, Harlan, Harris, Howard,
McCreery, McDonald, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Patterson of
New .Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Kice, Stewart,
Thayer, Van Winkle, Wiliey, Williams, Wilson, and
Y ates—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle,
Fowler, Hendricks, Patterson of Tennessee, Pool,
Eobertson. Vickers, Warner, and Whyte—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Conkling, Conness,
Corbett, Grimes, Henderson, Howe, Kellogg, Morton,
Norton, Ross, Salisbury, Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer,
gprague, Somner, Tipton, Trumbull, Wade, and
Welch—21.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No amend-
ment is in order.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to reconsider
the vote by which the Senate passed the joint
resolution.
Mr. FERRY. That is not in order.
Mr. ANTHONY. How long ago was that
vote taken ?
Mr. FERRY. The motion is not in order
now anyhow, for we are in the process of
taking the vote on another question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the resolution of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. WILSON. The Senate passed a vote a
few moments ago which seemed to me to be a
vote against the rules and practice here. I
must say so, with all respect to the Senate. It
seemed to me that that vote brought the joint
resolution before us for consideration and that
we ought to have the privilege in some form or
other of making an amendment to it. Now, I
am very desirous of getting in an amendment
that shall secure not only the right to vote,
but the right to hold office.
Mr. FERRY. I call the Senator to order.
The Chair has decided that his motion is out
of order, and there is no such question before
the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest to my col-
league that he move that the Senate reconsider
its vote to recede, and that the Senate then
proceed to ask for a committee of conference
to which this matter can be referred. It is evi-
dent that we cannot come to an agreement
with regard to the terms of this measure so as
to satisfy ourselves or satisfy the country with-
out submitting it ajjain to some inquiry. The
practical mode ot securing that inquiry is
through a committee of conference, and I
think the sooner we go there the better.
Mr. FERRY. I submit that if Senators will
let us vote we shall show that we can come to
an agreement very quick.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts moves to recon-
sider 
Mr. WILLIAMS. I make the point of order
that that cannot be done, because there is a
motion now pending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes; the
motion of the Senator from Nevada was di-
vided, and the question now is on the latter
part of that motion.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to ask one further
•question. When the matter is brought before
us in this way is it not debatable ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is de-
batable.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to say a word, and
I shall be very brief, for I am acting in this
matter in no factious spirit certainly, but with
an earnest desire to get what I believe to be
right. In my judgment, nine tenths of our
friends in and out of Congress who are in favor
of submitting this question to the country at
all are in favor of so submitting it as to settle
both the right to vote and the right to be voted
for. I do hope that-we shall adopt that plan
here, and that the fear of failing in this meas-
ure will not drive us, in a, panic, to send out to
the country an immature proposition—aprop-
os! tion that is not complete withm itself.
Now, in several of the States of this Union
the colored men have thfe; right by their consti-
tutions to hold office. There is a controversy
in Georgia about it, and why has that contro-
versy arisen ? Because it is not expressed in
their constitution ; it was left to be inferred;
and what is the result? Disorganization, in-
justice, and wrong; and we have held Georgia
up here during this whole session. Now, sir,
suppose we submit this imperfect proposition
which says to seven hundred and fifty thousand
colored men in this country, " You shall have
the right to vote, but you shall not have the
right to sit upon a jury or the right to hold
office," how will they feel in regard to it?
Mr. FERRY. If the Senator will permit
me, I will tell him that it says no such thing.
Mr. WILSON. It is true it does not say that
expressly, but it leaves that inference. It does
not say that a State shall not deny to colored'
men the right to hold office; and will it not be
an inspiration to some to keep or take that
right from them ? Will not that be the tend-
ency? I do not know that it will; all that I
say "is that I fear it will. Now, sir, I want to
accomplish the work of making these citizens
equal to other citizens in rights and in privi-
leges.
I do not wish to trespass upon the Senate
further, but it does seem to me that this meas-
ure should have been referred to a committee
of conference, and I think there we could have
amended satisfactorily the House proposition
or the proposition of the Judiciary Committee,
which I like a great deal better and am per-
fectly willing to like. The Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmunds] suggests that we lay this
upon the table and pass immediately the reso-
lution of the Committee on the Judiciary. I
would be happy to do that, for it does seem
to me that what we are now doing is wrong,
and suppose two thirds should not vote for
this, where is the amendment then ?
Mr. STEWART. I wish to say just one
word. I think the Senator from Massachusetts
is as much responsible as any other person for
the condition in whieh we are placed. In the
first place, the proposition of the Judiciary
Committee was conceded by a large number of
our friends to be the best. It contained the
simple proposition that the right to vote and
hold office should not b« denied on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude.
It did not attempt to extend any further than
totherightto vote and hold office. The Senator
from Massachusetts moved to put upon that sev-
eral other propositions which loaded it down.
He voted to put upon it the proposition with
regard to electing the President; he voted to
put upon it a proposition with regard to reli-
gious tests; he voted to put upon it a proposi-
tion with regard to education; he voted to put
upon it all of those propositions which went to
the House of Representatives and were re-
jected by them. It came here. A majority
of our friends here this morning, on consulta-
tion and by a large vote, said we had better take
this than to have nothing, and the votes have
been very emphatic on that point. Every vote
has been a test on the proposition that we will
take this rather than have nothing. To throw
it open to further discussion is to get nothing.
The true way to get the right to hold office in-
cluded in this proposition was by standing by
the Judiciary Committee of the Senate in their
amendment. I stood by it; I refrained from
speaking, and protested against loading that
down as it was loaded down by the vote of the
Senator from Massachusetts and others. It is
now in such a shape that -to send it to a com-
mittee of conference at this late day will cause
the loss of everything. I am for doing some-
thing for the colored man in earnest, and I am
not so anxious to have a proposition of mine
go into the Constitution as I am to accomplish
some good. This is not my proposition, but it
is the best I can get, and therefore I am for
taking it now rather than getting nothing.
Mr. POMEROY. I was subjected,! know,
to some criticism for appealing from the de-
cision of the Chair and then voting to sustain
the Chair. I want to explain that in a single
w.ord. I wished to give the Senator from Ohio
and other Senators who insisted that the meas-
ure was open to amendment an opportunity to
vote for that. I was disappointed in that, be-
cause the Senator from Ohio did not choose to
vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. Since my friend alludes
to me, I will state the reason why I- did not
vote. I think the decision of the Chair was
wrong, and so stated. I have no doubt the
proposition was open to amendment; but I did
not choose to vote, simply because I think we
are tired of this question. A great majority,
more than two thirds of this body, have already
expressed themselves content with the propo-
sition as it now stands, and all these efforts to
move-amendments are simply consuming time
unnecessarily.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there is no ques-
tion but that the decision of the Chair was
right, that the measure was hot amendable at
that particular stage. The question now be-
fore the Senate is not on concurring with the
House; that is not the question ; butthe ques-
tion before the Senate now is shall the reso-
lution of the House pass. It is not a question
of concurring or non-concurring. We have
receded from our action, and the question is
presented to the Senate shall the resolution
pass as it came from the House. Upon that
question we cannot amend it at this stage; and
but for the parliamentary law that the time of
reconsideration has gone by the proper motion
now to make would bs to reconsider, as pre-
sented by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator make that
motion? I am not in a condition to make it.
Mr. POMEROY. It is not in parliamentary
law a proper motion to make.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don.
Mr. POMEROY. This is not the place where
we can reconsider the vote.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; we can reconsider our own vote to re-
cede. We have voted to recede; now let us
reconsider that. Let us retrace our steps and
accept the proposition of the House for a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator is right now
in saying that we can reconsider the vote by
which we agreed to recede from our amend-
ments.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator is right, in
that when it is proper to make that motion, but
the Senator cannot make that motion while
this motion is pending. That cannot be reached
at this stage of the proceeding. What I wanted
to say was simply that there is no disposition
to be factious or to embarrass the passage of
this resolution, but we are driven into this in-
consistency by the decision of the Senate that to
recedefrom our amendments to the House res-
olution when we had agreed to the House res-
olution with amendments did not pass it. We
sent a message to the House stating that we
agreed to their resolution with amendments.
That was our agreement by a two-thirds vote.
It has come back, and we have receded from
our amendments; therefore our agreement to
their resolution by a two-thirds_vote stands as
the law of this case now. As it is in this partic-
ular condition before the Senate the only ques-
tion now before us is shall the resolution pass,
and a motion to reconsider the vote by which
we ordered it to a third reading cannot be made
because the time has gone by.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Kan-
sas has stated aud repeated several times that
a motion to reconsider cannot be made at this
stage, because the vote by which the resolu-
tion was ordered to a third reading was some
days ago. Now, I submit to my friend from
Kansas that this was never ordered to a third
reading.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; with an amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You would reconsider
what you never did. Let us see in one moment
