344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
old slaveholders understood well the truth of
this political axiom. They therefore steadily
sought to obtain entire control of the soil in
their own States, and as persistently hindered
the development of that homestead policy into
which the genius of our free institutions has
molded our land system. At this moment
the owners of the land in the South are striving,
under the most fearful disadvantages, to main-
tain their control of the soil, confident if they
can do so they will in the end resume a large
share of the political power of this country.
But they will fail. The land, like the slaves,
will pass from their grasp. It will become the
homeoffreemen, and the land oligarchy, which
/is only a remnant of the slave system, will pass
f away forever.
To insure the success of democratic institu-
tions we need not only general intelligence
but conditions of life conducive to the comfort
of all who live under them. The elder Napo-
leon once said, sententiously, "that an army
traveled on its belly," meaning that it needed
a good commissariat. So do free institutions.
Civilization wins continued growth more by its
capacity for securing the means of living well
than by all else that it produces. Make labor
honored and you are certain to make it intelli-
gent. Out of such conditions true democracy,
the normal type of all untrammeled political
aspirations, asserts itself. It is an understand-
ing of these conditions which makes intelligent
our admiration of our beneficent homestead
policy and enables us to comprehend clearly
the absolute necessity of guarding with jealous
care its wise provisions from encroachment
and overthrow. Sir, as it now stands, it is a
proud monument of the liberality and sagacity
of this great Republic. It is not only that, but,
as cannot be too often repeated or too deeply
impressed upon the public mind, especially
upon those of us who are called to legislate on
the subject, this homestead policy is one of
the Republic's strongest safeguards.
And let it not be forgotten, Mr. Chairman,
that to the Republican party, of which we
have the honor in common with the large
majority of this House to be members, be-
longs the honor of passing upon and almost
peri'ecting the grand system of laws by which
the public domains was wedded forever to the
free homestead idea. Look for a moment at
these two great facts: the gun at Fort Sum-
ter had hardly woke a continent to arms ere
their Representatives passed the_act,s by which
the nation pledged itself to span the continent
by the Pacific railroad and bind two oceans
together in bonds that should never be severed.
Within the eventful year that followed the
Republican party passed the first homestead
bill, and thus sealed the Republic forever, as
with blood, to its highest hope and best ideal.
Mr. Chairman, it will bo worth while biiefly
to note the path by which we traveled to this
result. We shall see, in spite of the teachings
of history, that we moved but slowly to that
intelligent acceptance of an idea which has
found so far one of its best embodiments in
that homestead policy.
_ Our public-land system dates from the ces-
sion to the General Government by the State
of Virginia of the great northwest territory.
From that date we can really declare that the
American Union began its continental destiny,
even though the first act of tile General Gov-
ernment was a restrictive one; so far, at least,
as related to the occupation of the public do-
main. _ I refer to the proclamation by Congress
inl785, forbidding settlement thereon. Butthe
crude and wrong ideas that then prevailed on
the subject could not resist the influence of that
beneficent condition which was fundamental to
the acceptance of this great territory. The
Jeffersonian ordinance by which slavery was
forever excluded from its borders rendered in-
evitable another great and desirable result,
the possession of the soil by the people thereof.
The six great States which have since been
carved out of that two hundred and ninety
thousand square miles of free territory, have
now at least eight million inhabitants, all free,
possessed of the means of education, and with
ready access to the proper rewards of honest
industry and intelligent enterprise.
We began our land system by forbidding
settlement. We marked it about, by sales of
at least two huge tracts to private individuals
and companies—I refer to the "Ohio Com-
pany" and the Symmes tracts, both in Ohio—
and we followed this up in 1804 by the passage
of an act that, like the proclamation of 1785,
virtually forbade settlement. Nevertheless it
went on. In 1807 the President was em-
powered to remove such persons, until settle-
ments were authorized by law. From that
time until 1830, when the first general pre-
emption law was passed, the legislation of
the country recognized the principle involved,
that the land belongs to the settler, by the
adoption of special acts of preemption in
individual cases. In 1830, in 1832, and 1834,
laws were passed, general in their character
but retrospective in action, giving to those
who were already on the land and had labored
there the right to preempt the same on certain
conditions. The price was named and the
quantity limited that any one head of a family
could obtain. Before this the disposal of our
public lands was altogether effected by public
and private sales, without limitations of price
or quantity, though land remaining unsold
after a number of years was as now offered for
sale at very small prices. In September, 1841,
the first genuine step in the homestead policy
was inaugurated by the passage of a preemp-
tion act prospective in its character. This
wise law laid bonds on the future. When the
Republic needed aid, out of the society this
principle had nurtured, came the sturdy regi-
ments that captured Fort Donelson, stood
granite-like amid the bloody surges of Pitts-
burg Landing, dashed themselves invincibly
against the ramparts of Vicksburg, opened the
great river from the Falls of St. Anthony to
the New Orleans delta, poured their blood like
water at Stone river and Chickamauga, rose
above the clouds and stormed the rebel works
on Lookout mountain, fought like Titans from
Chattanooga to Atlanta, marched with Sherman
to the sea, drove Hood back from Nashville,
swept through the Carolinas to where their
great leader granted no respite to treason, and
then, greatest wonder of all, marching home-
ward and melting away as they came into the
great body of peaceful citizenship, graver,
sterner, surer of a country, prouder of its fame,
ready as before to die for it if need be, better
citizens, and more faithful than ever to its laws
and traditions.
From the passage of the act referred to in
1841, our legislation has been chiefly in one
direction—that of a broader and more liberal
recognition of occupation and labor and of lim-
itation of quantity as the true basis of land-own-
ership. The preemption aets of 1853-54 made
stable that policy and corrected most of its
errors and abuses. From the quarter of a cen-
tury which followed the passage of the law of
1841 the discussion over a proposed homestead
law grew more interesting, year by year attract-
ing more and more of the public attention.
Those who led in the fight for that beneficent
measure against the resistance of southern oli-
garchy and northern speculators are still with
us, and are entitled to the continued gratitude
of the American people.
The homestead act was passed by the
Thirty-Seventh Congress, at its first regular
session. Since the war closed, and as a part
of our reconstruction system, Congress has
passed two others, by which about fifty million
acres of public land, situated within the rebel
States—long since left a prey to the land specu-
lator—was placed under the operations of the
homestead system, the limit of each farm being
in this section wisely placed at eighty acres.
Mr. Chairman, the result of the homestead
policy "whoso runs may read," in rapidly-
growing communities, in populated States
where a few^ years since the buffalo fled before
the Indian, in increased wealth, and the laying
deep the foundations of a wide-spread pros-
perity. From 1862, when the first homestead
law went into operation, down to June 30,
1867, the entries under the various acts have
covered 7,000,000 acres, making a total of
43,750 farms of 160 acres each ; supporting,
according to the average rate of five persons
to a family", a population of 218,750 souls.
Within the late insurrectionary States the
homestead entries, in less than two years,
under the act passed for that section, have
reached 3,764, an average of 225,840 acres,
with a population planted on the soil of 18,820
persons.
Sir, these results enable the merest tyro in
political economy to understand the advan-
tages of the homestead policy, so far as it
affects the general prosperity and consequent
stability of society. They show what might
have been had the system been adopted earlier.
They enable us to understand what is the true
value of that domain we have given and are
still proposing to give in such munificent grants.
Let us look for a moment at what would or
might have resulted had our public lands been
from the beginning disposed of only to actual
occupants of the soil. The entire area of the
"public land" States and Territories, begin-
ning with Ohio and ending with Alaska, is
estimated at 1,834,908,400 acres, of which over
485,000,000 acres are surveyed, and therefore
open to legal settlement. Of this vast body
the Government since its organization has sold
over 154,000,000 acres. Thirty million acres
of this land are still in the hands of those who
hold them for speculative purposes. If it had
been placed under the homestead or preemp-
tion system, it would have given us 187,500
homesteads of 160 acres each. It can hardly
be a matter of doubt that if the circumstances
had favored, as they now do, the whole would
have been reduced to occupancy as farms.
Besides the 30,000,000 thus passed into the
hands of monopolists, the Government has
granted to Pacific railroads 124,000,000acres;
for other railroads, west and south, 57,000,000
acres; for canals, 17,000,000 acres; to the
States, and already selected as "swamp and
overflowed land," over 60,000,000 acres. To
these must beadded the 9,600,000 acres granted
to the States in aid of establishing agricultural
colleges, most of which has been or will be sold
by scrip, and thus pass into the hands of the
land speculators. If we take these figures we
shall find that the total amount of our public
lands disposed of since the organization of the
Government reaches the enormous aggregate
of more than 420,000,000 acres, to which
amount we must add that granted for military
and naval services. Their aggregate reaches
71,716,555 acres, making the total disposed of
493,310,555. According to the able commis-
sioner of the General Land Office of the sur-
veyed public lands there remain undisposed
of 64,880,952 acres.
Of the nearly five hundred million acres thus
disposed of, we can safely say that the enor-
mous aggregate of at least 225,000,000 acres,
is in the hands of railroad companies and pri-
vate speculators and monopolists. This prob-
ably considerably underestimates the total area
so locked up. Properly settled under the
homestead acts it would give a total of nearly
one and a half million farms of 160 acres
each. Beside the various grants already named,
by means of which so much of the public
domain has been and is in process of being
absorbed by speculators and monopolists, we
are saddled with claims growing out of the
Spanish system of land grants, which we have
been obliged to recognize in our acquisitions
of territory formerly held by Spain or Mex-
ico. In Californiaalonethe recognized claims
cover 5,690,500 acres, divided among 367
cases, giving an average of nearly 15,520 acres
to each case. In New Mexico there are seventy
claims allowed, of which only thirty-six are
surveyed. These contain an area of 1,406,944
acres, or nearly 39,082 acres for each claim.
These startling figures, covering already one
sixth of the entire public domain, show the
necessity of pausing in our laud-grant policy.
