1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
40th Cong....3d
Railroads in the States—Mr. Doolittle.
Senate.
I repeat, sir, I can hardly conceive how any
Senator can find in the Constitution the power,
express or implied, to pass this bill. There
certainly is nothing in the language of the Con-
stitution as it now stands, or as it was originally
made, orasitwas understood by the Convention
while making it, or as it was always construed
by the gfeat men who took part in that Conven-
tion, which gives to Congress any such power.
But, first of all, are we bound by the Consti-
tution ? Notwithstanding what we have beard
during the last ten years of the revolutionary
times through which we are passing about a
dispensing power above the Constitution, which
can release our consciences from the oath we
have taken to support the Constitution, I have
never persuaded myself to believe iu any such
power over the Constitution and our oaths to
support it. I have no faith whatever in the plea
sometimes heard from the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Wilson", J that, " for the sake of
God and humanity," we may, without violating
our oaths, step over the boundaries of the Con-
stition ; nor in that other plea sometimes made,
that " we are bound by a higher law than the
Constitution '' in the performance of our duties
here; nor in that other plea sometimes urged,
more specious and delusive than any other,
that "the logic of events" compels Congress
every now and then to step over the boundaries
which the Constitution has thrown around them
in the exercise of their power.
And, sir, I have just as little faith in that
idea, often advanced by the honorable Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] that in the
midst of war we are in the exercise of powers
" outside the Constitution" or "abovethe Con-
stitution." No, sir; no; I have never yielded
to these ideas. I trust I never shall yield to
them the convictions of my judgment, nor
suffer my action as a Senator to be controlled
by them. The Constitution as it stands, as it
was made, as it was understood by those who
made it, and by those who construed it for
more than half a century, i  the law and the
highest law binding upon us, upcfa our con-
science?, and upon our oaths. Twice, sir,
during the period that I have been here have I
been called to that desk, in the presence of
this Senate, and iu the presence of Him who
liveth and reigneth forever, to take a solemn
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States; and, sir, as I understand it, I swore
that I would support it in war as well as in
peace, in storm as well as in sunshine. No
higher law, no higher obligation than this can
be pleaded. No plea of •' war necessity," no
"logic of events," nothing in the war or in
the purpose of the war, can lead me to think
for one moment that I am not bound by the
Constitution as a Senator upon my oath and
upon my conscience.
The purpose of that great war through which
we have just passed was to maintain that Con-
stitution. It was not enough that we ourselves
should obey it. We resolved to compel every
other man in the United States and in every
Stateof the Union to obeyitalso. To maintain
its supremacy ovor every man and over every
foot of the soil of this Republic we entered
upon that great struggle of arms. To maintain
its supremacy in the States of the South,
where it was attempted to be overthrown, we
struck every blow, we fired every shot, we spilt
every drop of blood of our sons and of our
brothers. It was our avowed purpose in the
beginning and before the beginning. It was
our avowed purpose in every_ step of our pro-
gress. If now in words or in acts we are to
admit that purpose to be false, that the Consti-
tution is no longer supreme and binding upon
our consciences and our oaths, then it follows
that this war which we waged and carried to
success at an expenditure of half a million of
lives and more than five thousand million dol-
lars was in all its progress a huge and mon-
strous lie. No, sir; there is nothing in the
war, nor in the puipose of the war, uor in the
results of the war, which gives to " the logic of
events," orto " war necessity," or to any " the
higher law," any dispensing power over the
Constitution to release any Senator from his
oath to maintain that Constitution as it stands,
as it was formed by our great ancestors and
construed by them. Iyield to it, therefore, Mr.
President, my willing, my hearty obedience
without any mental reservation.
In saying this, I wish it to be distinctly under-
stood that I do not question the patriotic pur-
poses of any other Senator who may have dif-
fered with me in his view of the powers granted
by the Constitution, or who may evea have per-
suaded himself to believe that for some reason
based upon "war necessity," "the logic of
events," or other cause, the Constitution was
for the time suspended.
Mr. President, while upon this subject allow
me to say that I regard my allegiance to the Con-
stitution as higher and more sacred than any
allegiance to party. Upon this point, and upon
this point alone, have I been severed from the
Republican party. Upon new questions, which
had not arisen or been discussed at all previous
to my first or to my second election to the Sen-
ate, upon which I was compelled to choose
whether I would follow the demands of party
or keep my oath and my allegiance to the
Constitution, my relations to that party were
sundered. It was because I believed and now
believe that many of the measures proposed
and adopted by this and the last Congress are
openly and palpably unconstitutional that I
have openly, earnestly, and persistently op-
posed them here and elsewhere.
Being about to leave my place in the Senate,
as I look back upon the past I-have no regrets
for any resistance which I have made to the
passage of unconstitutional laws demanded by
party policy or party necessity. There is not
one single instance from the beginning to the
end of my course here in which I have opposed
the passage of laws on account of their uncon-
stitutionality that if called upon again, this
very hour, to cast my vote or declare my opin-
ion I would not give the same vote and declare
the same opinion in stronger terms if possible.
In full view of all the personal consequences
which might come to me I took the responsi-
bility. I would do so again. I knew full well,
sir, that I should be subjected to denunciation.
I knew that what has already come would in
all probability come, that the people of my
State would refuse to sustain me and would
elect another in my place. Yet, sir, after all
these consequences have come, I distinctly
repeat, that on no occasion in this body have
I resisted the passage of any law upon the
ground of its unconstitutionality that I would
not now, if possible, resist it more firmly and
more earnestly. My only regret is that I have
not done so with greater ability and with greater
success.
But, Mr. President, I congratulate myself
that in the discussion of this question now
before the Senate none of these exciting topics
of political strife arise. I shall not reopen
their discussion. I shall not even refer to the
cases in which I believe that Congress has trans-
cended its constitutional powers. Let those
dead issues pass; they are a part of history.
"Let the dead bury the dead," and around
their tomb let us have peace; at least let us
have truce long enough to cool our passions
and calm our judgments and wisely meet the
living questions of the present.
I repeat, Mr. President, I think we may con-
gratulate ourselves that in the discussion of
the railroad question there will be no opportu-
nity for my honorable friend from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Scmker] to rise in his place, and,
with eloquent voice and imposing manner, urge
the Senate to make no distinction _qn account
of race or color. My honorable friend from
Michigan [Mr. Howard] will have no occasion
to rise and say the " war necessities ^ of the
country require the passage of this bill." Nor
will my other honorable friend from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] rise and say, as he often
does, when he would close his eyes to consti-^
tutional objections, "I do not profess to dis-
cuss or to understand constitutional questions,
but I believe the cause of God and humanity
requires me to vote for the pending measure."
Nor do I believe that on this subject at least
there will be any Senator to appeal to the
" war power outside the Constitution" in favor
of the passage of this bill. Nor will there be
any appeal to "the logic of events," that
hackneyed phrase of radicals and revolution-
ists, in which they seek to find an inexhaustible
source of unlimited power in Congress to do
everything it may desire to do on any subject
whatever, the limitations of the Constitution
to the contrary notwithstanding.
The only thing calculated to prejudice the
mind and prevent a calm consideration of the
questions involved is what I will denominate,
without disrespect to any, a clamor about
monopoly. This clamor has been long, loud,
and deep, both in the press and in Congress.
I do not know all the facts. Some things may
have transpired in the railroad operations of
New Jersey and Maryland to give some occa-
sion for this clamor, and to produce "the discon-
tent which manifests itself here. But what-
ever there may have been in the past, I believe
that for some reason, whether from the fear
of interference by Congress, or whether it be
because the States of New Jersey and Mary-
land, the first to enter upon the construction of
railways, resting upon their early laurels, suf-
fered themselves for a time to get a little
behind the age, but have now awakened to the
true situation of affairs, one thing is certain,
they have learned what all other roads, both
at the West and the North, will learn, that their
true interest and best policy is to be found in
reducing rates and affording the best possible
accommodations to the traveling public.
In justice to these States we are bound to
say that the facility of communication from
Washington to New York has been greatly im-
proved within the last ten years. The route is
mademuch easier, the journey ismade quicker,
and I think cheaper, than it was ten years ago.
The Delaware has been bridged, the Susque-
hanna bridged, the Gunpowder bridged. There
are now through trains, without change of cars,
from here to New York, with very good sleep-
ing cars for the night trains, though on some
of our western railroads they may be in somo
respects superior. But that is only a question
of a little more time.
Mr. President, the first question that arises
is this: suppose Congress has power to grant
an act of incorporation to build a railway from
here to the city of New York, what is the ne-
cessity for now exercising that power? Surely
there is no greater necessity upon us now than
there has been at any time within the last
twenty-five years. The necessity is not as great
to-day as it was ten years ago, and that neces-
sity is growing less and less. The Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Whyte] has just read in
the Senate a letter from the Governor of Mary-
land, who is himself a president of a new rail-
way company already incorporated by the State
of Maryland to build a railway from Baltimore
to this city, in which he declares that it will be
finished by January, 1870—within twelve
months. That railway is to be a competing
railway with the Baltimore and Ohio road, con-
necting at Baltimore with the Northern Central
railway, and over that to Harrisburg, with the
great railroad system of Pennsylvania ; so that
at the end of one year from this time -ve are to
have in fact competing railways from here_ to
the North and West, and that, too, by Jieaction
of the States and the citizens of the States,
without any interference by Congress or the
exercise of any such doubtful and extraordi-
nary powers.
I insist, therefore, that even if we possessed
all the power which is claimed by the Senator
