1208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
from Massachusetts had made his inquiry of
the Chair as to the point of order.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course not.
Mr. CONKL1NG. _ That is an entire mis-
take.
Mr. FESSENDEN. An entire mistake. I
heard the Senator from North Carolina re-
spond.
Sir. GRIMES. I heard the Senator from
Worth Carolina when he spoke and I heard
the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. ABBOTT. If I am in order, I desire
to explain the rote which I gave.
Several Senators. It is too late.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator voted under
a misapprehension; he has a right.to state that.
Mr. ABBOTT. I did not vote under any
misapprehension. I am in favorof acommit-
tee of conference with a view of getting at
something like the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mir. Wilson.] I
am against concurring in this proposition for
that reason.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the resolution of the
House, upon which the yeas and nays have
•been ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Is that debatable?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is de-
batable.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator is not in
order. The Senator from North Carolina has
responded on the call of the roll.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
dispute about that.
Mr. FERRY. The Senator from North
Carolina says that he responded, and he re-
sponded understanding the question.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 think there is no mis-
take that the Senator from North Carolina
responded. The only question is whether he
responded under a misapprehension or not,
and if he responded under a misapprehension
he can change his vote.
Mr. CONKLING. He did not respond
under any misapprehension.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not hear the Senator from Massachusetts
at the time he says he addressed the Chair;
but when that is doubtful we always lean in
favor of the member who rises to debate. The
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand from the
Chair that I am entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEWART. After the call of the roll
has commenced?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I under-
stand the Senator has the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to say a word
unless I am precisely in order. If I am in
order then I wish to say a word.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator has the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. We can hardly
be engaged with a more important question
than we are now. It is to put a new article in
the Constitution; and now it is evident from
what has occurred that there is a sincere dif-
ference among Senators with regard to the
terms of that article, and among our number
are some who are disposed to press 
Mr. STEWART. I shall have to call the
Senator to order. I insist that it be decided
by the Chair. There has been one name
called, and this is a speech in the midst of the
calling of the roll.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has the floor.
Mr. STEWART. I call him to order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada will state his question of
order.
Mr. STEWART, I call the Senator from
Massachusetts to order because there is no
debate in order pending the call of the roll.
Mr. tERRY. ihe Clerk has entered the
response.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has decided that, not observing the Senator
from Massachusetts on the floor; but other
Senators saying that he began to speak before
the roll was called, he how has the right to
proceed.
Mr. STEWART. I appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the appeal. Senators, as many as are
of the opinion that the decision of the Chair
shall stand as the judgment of the Senate will
say "ay;" thoseopposed "no." [Putting the
question.] The ayes have it. The decision
of the Chair stands, and the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is in order.
Mr. SUMNER. When interrupted I was
about to observe that we are pressed now for
a vote a proposition from the other House
which in the opinion of many Senators is im-
mature in its form, which does not touch
one of the important questions that ought to
be settled by the proposed amendment. My
colleague has already stated his view on that
point, and I must say I subscribe entirely to
it. 1 feel that it would be wrong for us now
while undertaking to settle this great question
to leave it in any of its forms open to doubt.
Do you not leave it so open if you adopt the
proposition from the House, especially in view
of recent transactions in the South generally,
and particularly in the State of Georgia? Itis
our duty, I submit now, to foreclose all those
questions ; and now it is proposed that we
shall be pressed to a vote leaving one of those
questions open.
Sir, 1 do not think that wise. I think that
in putting this great article into the Constitu-
tion wc ought to be careful that it is complete
in form and that it does meet all the exigencies
of the occasion. Does this meet those exigen-
cies? Is it complete in power ? Is there a single
Senator who is in favor of a constitutional
amendment who will say that it is complete in
form, or that it meets all the exigencies of the
occasion? I believe there is not one Senator
that I have now the honor of addressing who
will affim that it does. Now, sir, shall we, un-
der the circumstances of the case, in this pecu-
liar exigency, be driven to adopt this imperfect
proposition ? I hope not. I think therefore
that it would be better for the Senate to retrace
its steps, to go back, if it could, to a committee
of conference ; but if it is not disposed to do
that, let it commit the whole question to that
committee of this body from which it origin-
ally proceeded—the Judiciary Committee—
expecting from them an early report on the
form which this proposition should finally as-
sume when it is voted upon.
Sir, this seems to me to be the practical way
of getting out of our present embarrassments.
I know no other way ; either go to a committee
of conference or go to a committee of this
body that shall review the whole matter this
evening and make an early report to-morrow
morning. It is on that account that I have
moved that this whole subject be recommitted
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the resolution of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have reported to this
body a Senate resolution on this very subject,
in which, I believe by the unanimous vote of
the Republican members of that committee,
they recommended that there should be no
distinction among citizens of the United States
touching the right to hold office any more than
touching the right to vote for officeholders.
The House of Representatives has sent over
this proposition which limits——
Mr. ABBOTT. Will the Senator from Ver-
mont allow me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. ABBOTT. The proposition of the Sen-
ate as it passed included the right to hold
office, as I understood.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not stated that it
did not. I said that the Senate resolution as
reported to this body by the Committee on the
Judieiary relieved all classes of the citizens of
the United States from discriminations as it
respects political rights to be voted for as well
as to vote. Then the House of Representatives
sent over a proposition which was short of that,
and which said that no State should discrimi-
nate against any citizen of the United States
touching the right-to vote, and which implied,
as this proposition fairly does—and you can
put no other construction upon it—that while
you give every citizen of a State a right to vote
you leave it to the majority of that State to
determine whether he shall have any right to
be voted for. I know no distinction in philoso-
phy, in politics, or in justice between the righS
to select in a republican government the agent
who is to execute your will and the right to be
selected by your fellow-citizens as that agent.
But now the question is what we are to do.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
suggests that this ought to be recommitted to-
some committee. A committee has exercised
and exhausted its functions upon it in the way
that the honorable Senator desires, but when
its proposition was amended by the Senate con-
trary to the wishes of the committee, and there
were imported into it two entirely different prop-
ositions, one of which to be sure covered this
question and a great deal more, and another
entirely new to us, those of us who stood up
here to resist it found that those who should
have been our friends and who should have
gotten us out of the difficuliy by voting it
down, had gone away and we were left in the
minority and the thing passed. Now it comes
back. What are we to do? As one of the
representatives of the people of a State that
does not believe in any political distinction
among citizens, I feel it to be iny duty to vote
against this proposition, and if it fails, as I
hope it will, all we have to do is to take up from
your table, matured and ready, the very prop-
osition that covers the whole ground that my
friend from Massachusetts stands for as well
as myself. Why should any friend of that prop-
osition therefore hesitate for a moment to vote
against this one and then go on and send over
to the House a proposition that a majority of
us really believe in ?
Mr. STEWART. I will tell the Senator the
very reason why. As soon as he gets that prop-
osition up again does he not expect that the
same men who loaded it before will load ik
again ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
Mr. STEWART. Does he not expect that
the Senator from Massachusetts and the Sen-
ators from the other States will load it down
so as to destroy it? Does he not expect that
the rest of the session will be spent at cross
purposes?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No.
Mr. STEWART. Is he not willing to take
the proposition which the House of .Represent-
atives sends to us, which accomplishes a great
deal, rather than to take the risk of having our
proposition again loaded down ? I tell you that
voting against this proposition is voting against
any constitutional amendment for this session,
for there are men in the Senate—I am not
among them, I prefer the Senate proposition—
but there are plenty of men heVe who do not
prefer it, and you will have them turning around
and playing the same game of delay that you
are playing now. There are two sides to this
question, and those who are responsible for
loading the Senate proposition are going by the
same votes to bury that, and we lose the only
hope we have. The only hope for getting any-
thing is to vote for this proposition, and I ap-
peal to those who are willing to take some-
thing in favor of the colored man to vote for it.
1 appeal to the Senators who are willing to
take something to vote for this, and then I will
go with them and stand by them as faithfully
as I can for another proposilion that will give
the right to hold office. I will work with them
for that, and let us save what we have got.
By a single vote now we can accomplish a great
deal, but if you send it again and again to the
other House, and it has to be sat out again and
again. I tell you the session is too near a close
to accomplish anything. I will labor as hard
