122
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 22,
Senate.
Railroads in the States—Mr. Doolittle.
40th Cong....3d Sess!
from Ohio there is no such necessity pressing
upon us to open new railway communications
from the city of Washington northward as to jus-
tify us in entering upon this dangerous policy.
The people of this city, if they would depend
less upon the Government and more upon them-
selves; if they would rely upon their own in-
dustry, energy, and enterprise ; in a word, if
they would do in Washington as the people
have done in Baltimore and other cities, take
their own interests into their own hands and
open new railway communications with the
other great railways of the country, there would
be no difficulty in its accomplishment and in
making Washington a city of commercial im-
portance.
Mr. SHERMAN. They cannot now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I grant that the people
of this city have no legislative power; Con-
gress is to legislate for this District; and there
is no difficulty in Congress granting acts of in-
corporation to build railroads within the Dis-
trict of Columbia. These things we do every
day, because we have exclusive jurisdiction to
legislate for the District. The people of this
District, having obtained a charter for arailroad
company through the District, can apply to the
States of Virginia, West Virginia, Maryland,
Pennsylvania, Ohio, and other States, and ob-
tain acts of incorporation for the building of
railroads wherever they are practicable or may
be desired.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire not to interrupt
my friend or prolong his argument, for I wish
to get a vote on this bill to-day, but I desire to
say that lam inform ed by credible persons here
that they have applied to the State of Mary-
land for charters for roads in various directions
from this city and they have always been beaten,
and it was with great difficulty, by taking advan-
tage of doubtful phraseology of a very doubtful
law, that they finally got one road under way
from here to Baltimore.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That may have been so
in years past. I do not profess to understand
the history of the legislation of Maryland ; but
certainly, if we can rely on the statement of her
Senators and on the statement of her present
Governor, there is a road now being built be-
tween this city and Baltimore under a charter
granted by that State, which is to be a com-
peting road with the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road, the great railroad corporation of that
State.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say to my hon-
orable friend that that very road referred to by
him will probably be a part of the line for which
this bill provides. It is authorized by this bill
to form part of the new road.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. So far, then, the Sen-
ator is agreed that the monopoly exercised by
the State of Maryland, or the restrictive policy
pursued by the State of Maryland, has been
overcome.
Mr. SHERMAN. By Congress.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Not by Congress. It
has been overcome by the granting of this char-
ter by the Maryland Legislature, which author-
izes a road from Baltimore to this place ; and
theNorthern Central road, which comes to the
city of Baltimore, is standing ready to connect
with it, so that from the city of Washington there
will be a through, direct route, without change
of cars 01- baggage, to Harrisburg ; and there
you intersect the great Pennsylvania Central
and the whole railroad system of Pennsylvania.
From Harrisburg there are several routes to
the city of New York. Having succeeded at
last in relaxing the former policy of Maryland,
andthe Baltimore and Potomac road now being
in process of construction and so soon to reach
this city, what necessity is there for the exer-
cise of this power, which all must regard as
doubtful, and which, in my opinion, was ex-
pressly denied to Congress by the convention
which framed the Constitution? Bear in mind
the statement of the Governor of Maryland,
that nearly every mile of the road is being
rapidly graded, some sections are completed,
and that it will be done by January, 1870.
Mr. President, I repeat, it is perfectly clear
the necessity for entering upon this policy by
Congress now is not as great as it was twenty
years ago, nor as great as it was ten years ago.
In fact, there is no necessity at all. Even the
question of inconvenience will be removed
when we have this competing line connecting
with the Northern Central running to Harris-
burg. All who come from the West will have
the choice of two routes, one by Pittsburg to
Harrisburg, and thence by this new line to
Washington, the other by the Baltimore and
Ohio from Wheeling to Washington ; and all
going west can go by the Baltimore and Poto-
mac, Northern Central, and Pennsylvania Cen-
tral, to strike the Ohio system of roads at Pitts-
burg, or by the Baltimore and Ohio direct to
strike that system at Wheeling.
Mr. SHERMAN. By either route we go
around seventy-five miles.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It might be well if the
people of Washington and all who are inter-
ested in the growth of this city should wake
up to their true interests and seek to open a
shorter route to the great West. They could
undoubtedly, if they attempt it, obtain a char-
ter from the States of Virginia and West Vir-
ginia and Pennsylvania which will allow them
to build an air-line railway, if the mountains
will permit it, to the nearest point on the Ohio
river. I believe that Washington, from its nat-
ural location, might be made a great commer-
cial city. It is as near, if not nearer, than any
other point upon navigable waters running into
the Atlantic to the navigable waters of the Ohio.
Why, sir, the railroad mentioned by the hon-
orable Senator from West Virginia, [Mr. Wil-
let,] the Chesapeake and Ohio railway, is the
one, in my judgment, in which the city of
Washington is more interested than any other.
By a direct connection from here to Staunton,
upon that road, in Virginia, and thence by the
Kanawha valley to the Ohio river, there to con-
nect with the navigation of the Mississippi and
with all the great railroad systems of the West,
is, above all others, the most important route
for this city. But, Mr. President, for Congress
to charter a new railroad from Washington to
New York at the very time when all necessity
for it is disappearing is, in my opinion, very
unwise. I see no good reason for it. I see
many, many reasons against it even if we had
the constitutional power.
As to the inconveniences mentioned by the
honorable Senator, the refusal to check bag-
gage or sell through tickets, I believe they
might be remedied under the' power which we
undoubtedly possess here in Congress over the
District of Columbia. When a competing
road reaches this city from Baltimore, con-
necting with the Northern Central and Penn-
sylvania Central, there will be no longer any
difficulty on this point-; it will regulate itself.
Competition will compel the checking of bag-
gage and the selling of through tickets to all
the North and all the West; but even if that
does not, the authority of Congress over the
railroads within this District could impose such
terms and conditions upon them as would be
just and reasonable on this question. We
could make it for their interest to be reason-
able. There is nothing in these inconven-
iences, therefore, to make it necessary to enter
upon the exercise of this great, this gigantic
power of building railways through the States
by act of Congress.
^Mr. President, be-fore I go to the argument
of the question of power I will call attention
for a few moments to a portion of the argument
of the honorable Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton.] In some things I agree with him;
I will go so far as to say if any restriction is
imposed upon either the carrying of freight or
passengers across the States of Maryland and
New Jersey which is not imposed equally upon
the citizens of New Jersey and the citizens of
Maryland it would be a clear violation of the
Constitution of the United States, and must be
held so by every court where the question is
presented; and Congress, in the regulation of
commerce between tho States, might go so far
as by enactment to prohibit the imposition of
any duties or tolls upon travelers or pierchan-
dise through the States of New Jersey and
Maryland other or greater than are imposed
upon their own citizens; but, sir, if the States
of New Jersey and Maryland treat their own
citizens upon precisely the same footing as they
treat the citizens of other States, levying no
heavier tolls for the use of their railways, I
think it is within the power of those States to
levy tolls upon merchandise and upon the
transportation of passengers.
Let us see, for one moment, how far this
doctrine of the Senator would go. Suppose
the State of Maryland authorizes a toll-bridge
across Gunpowder river for travelers, and says
to the company making it, "You may collect
twenty-five cents per capita of every traveler
who crosses the bridge," is that an unconsti-
tutional exercise of power? Is that levying
such a tax or toll on passengers that the Con-
gress of the United States would be authorized
to interfere, and by a penal provision make it
a crime on the part of those who undertake to
collect such a tax? Or if a ferry across a
river is chartered by the State, is it an uncon-
stitutional tax upon passengers or merchan-
dise if the State allows that corporation to col-
lect toil for crossing the river? Or suppose
a State, instead of chartering a company to
build a bridge across a river, should charter
a company to build a railroad across a portion
of its territory, and should say that the company,
in lieu of taxes imposed upon the real estate
belonging to it, should pay a certain portion,
if you please, of its net receipts or of its gross
receipts into the State treasury, would that
be an unconstitutional tax? Or let me sup-
pose another case—and this will bring the
question home: suppose the State, instead
of chartering a corporation, builds the road
itself and runs it and takes all the tolls for
passengers and all the tolls for freight, instead
of taking one fifth or one seventh, would that
be an unconstitutional levying of tolls upon
travel and merchandise through a State ? If
the State deals with all the citizens of the Uni-
ted States precisely alike, if it says to those who
cross a toll-bridge, whether they live in New
Jersey or Pennsylvania, "You shall pay a
certain sum, and no more," it is not, in my
opinion, a violation of the Constitution of the
United States. If this new doctrine is carried
out what shall we say of the great State of
New York, which levies tolls on the Brie canal,
the great highway of commerce between the
West and the East? That State has expended
probably a hundred millions to open these chan-
nels of commerce. Has she no right to any
remuneration whatever for all thi3 vast ex-
penditure ?
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow mo
to ask him a question?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. If the State of Maryland
has the right to require that the railroad com-
pany shall pay into the treasury of the State
thirty cents for every passenger carried between
Washington and Baltimore, I ask if it has not
the right to require that the railroad company
shall pay thirty dollars for every passenger
between here and Baltimore? I ask, further,
whether such a tax as that would be consti-
tutional, and what would be the effect of it?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Suppose the State of
Maryland had never built a railroad? Sup-
pose the State of New Jersey had never built
any railroads? This putting of extreme cases,
cases which are in themselves impossible to be
supposed, even, does not test the question. But
suppose s State, by its own exercise of eminent
domain in opening itsown thoroughfares,builds
a road itself; according to the Senator's doc-
