1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Railroads in the States—Mr. Doolittle.
Senate.
trine the State cannot impose a single cent of
tax upon a traveler for traveling over it. If
the State taxes one fifth of what the passenger
pays for the privilege of going over the road,
he claims that to be a tax on passengers; but
if the State had built the road itself and taxed
tive fifths, that is no tax on passengers at all.
Mr. MORTON. How was it in the Nevada
case?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will come to the
Nevada case in about five minutes.
I do not believe that either the State of New
Jersey or the State of Maryland has obstructed
the transit of passengers or freight or mer-
chandise. I believe what is stated by the Sen-
ators from both of those States, that they were
among the first, I think the very first, to enter
upon the experiment (for it was then an ex-
periment) of railway communication. It proved
to be a success. But it cost the State of Mary-
land a large sum of money. It involved the
State in debt. It was compelled, and I think
it was but just that it should do so, to require
the railroad in some way or other to pay a por-
tion of its proceeds into the treasury. How
does the railroad acquire any proceeds? It
must acquire them either upon merchandise or
passengers ; for that is all their business. If
you require them to pay two per cent, or five
percent, or any other per cent, on their receipts
it is a tax on their business ; and what is their
business? Receivitig tolls for freight and re-
ceiving passage money for passengers; and if
the State collects anything of the railway com-
pany you take a part of the receipts from each
source. Whatever is collected from the com-
pany is of necessity collected by the company
on freight or passengers. If the State had built
the road, as it had the undoubted right to do,
it would take the whole of them; but as the
State charters a corporation to do it, it gives
to the men who furnish the money for the
enterprise a share of the proceeds, reserving
something to the Slate in lieu of taxation and
to pay the indebtedness incurred by the State
in aid of the construction of the railway.
Now, sir, I am discussing the question of
constitutional power, not of good policy. I
admit that it would be better policy for every
State in the Union to adopt the policy pursued
by the State of Indiana, and not to impose, if
you please, any direct tolls upon passengers
and travel; and yet even Indiana is compelled
to get taxes out of these railroad corporations
in some way, and those taxes, whatever they
are, must come out of the earnings of the cor-
porations, and those earnings come from the
carriage of passengers and freight, and from no
ether source.
And now, sir, let us come to the Nevada
case. Although there was some general lan-
guage used by the judge delivering the opinion
in that case looking in that direction, it seems
to me that the principle contended for by the
honorable Senator from Indiana is not involved
in the facts of the case. What was that case
m Nevada? That State levied upon astage com-
pany a tax per capita upon all men going out
of Nevada. It was a kind of ne exeat regnum
to stop a man going out of the State. It was
an assertion, in a modified form, on the part
of this young State of Nevada of that old, ex-
ploded doctrine of Great Britain, "once a
subject always a subject." There was no tax
levied on men going into Nevada. It was a
tax levied on their going out. The court very
properly decided that a man who went into
Nevada had a right to go out of Nevada with-
out being taxed for going out or coming in.
■But 1ft me usk my honorable friend from Indi-
ana, suppose Nevada had authorized a com-
pany to construct a tunnel through the Sierra
Nevada mountain and had said to the com-
pany, ''You maychargetwenty-fivecentsahead
on every traveler that goes through it," would
that have been unconstitutional? Or if Nevada
had built a bridge across one of its rivers,
would it have been unconstitutional to require
the company to pay so much a head for every
passenger that crossed it? If the Supreme
Court have decided that, they have decided a
great deal that they did not decide in the Nevada
case, I am quite certain. They simply decided
in the Nevada case that a man had a right to
go out of Nevada without any restriction being
imposed upon him by the State.
Sir. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator right here if the State of Nevada has
no right to levy a tax upon a man going out of
Nevada has it a right to levy a tax on a man
going into Nevada, or one going clear across
it? The Senator seems to place it on the
ground that the State had no right to levy a
tax on a man going out of it, but carrying with
his argument the implication that if he was
going into it, or clear across it, the State would
have a right to tax him.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not say that Ne-
vada has a right to tax a man for going into it.
The Supreme Court have decided in the case
referred to a little while ago by the honorable
Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Frelinghoy-
sex,] where the opinion was delivered by Jus-
tice Grier that no State has a right to tax a
passenger for coming into it. Neither the State
of New York nor the State of Massachusetts
has a right to impose a tax on immigration into
the State, nor has Nevada a right to impose a
tax on emigration out of the State; but in
traveling upon the roads built in Nevada, or
under the authority of Nevada, if the State of
Nevada puts no other or greater tax or restric-
tion upon the people who do not live in Ne-
vada than it does upon its own citizens we
have no right to complain, and the Constitu-
tion is not broken, in my opinion; and that, I
think, is the distinction.
Mr. MORTON. I will state to the Senator
from Wisconsin that the Supreme Court does
not base its decision at all upon the fact that
it is a tax on passengers going out of Nevada
any more than on those coming in or going
across ; but that it is, in substance, a tax upon
passengers at all is the very question decided.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have stated my view
of the substance of that decision, and I think
all that it will bear upon full consideration,
and I shall pass on without further discussing
that point, as I do not wish to occupy too much
of the time of the Senate.
Now, Mr. President, let us come to the great
question, the question of constitutional power.
1 maintain, first, that there is no express grant
of power in the Constitution to Congress to grant
an act ofincorporation to build a railroad within
the States. 1 think no person on the floor of
the Senate has contended that there is any ex-
press grant of such a power. If there be any
grant in the Constitution it must be implied
from other clauses of the Constitution. It must
be upheld as an incident to some of the powers
which are granted. The words which are re-
lied upon by those who contend for the exer-
cise of this power are these:
" Congress shall have power to establish post offices
and post roads;" * * * * "to regulate
commerce with foreign nations and among the sev-
eral States;" * * * 11 " to lay and col-
lect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the
debts and provide for the common defense and gen-
eral welfare."
How was this question understood by the men
who made the Constitution ? I undertake to
say that it was unanimously understood in the
Convention which made the Constitution that
the clauses of the Constitution then agreed
upon contained no such power. Every person
who took part in that discussion understood
that the clauses then adopted contained no
such power. Roger Sherman, of Connecticut,
perhaps the most distinguished man that Con-
necticut produced in the revolutionary period,
and whose brother, I believe, was in the direct I
line the ancestor of the honorable Senator from |
Ohio, understood that it contained no such power j
and he was opposed to granting any such power j
when it was proposed by Doctor Franklin. I
Mr. Sherman was opposed to it because "the
expense in such cases would fall on the United
States and the benefit accrue to the places
where the canals may be cut." There were no
railways then. The debate arose on a question
about canals as a means of opening a new and
easier means of communication. Mr. Madison
understood that such a power was not granted.
This is certain ; for in the Convention be pro-
posed to give Congress the power to grant char-
ters of incorporation, avowing that his purpose
in giving that power to Congress was to give
the power to open means of communication.
Mr. Rufus King understood that no such power
was granted and opposed the granting of any
such power. Alexander Hamilton believed that
Congress had no such power, and in his articles
in the Federalist expressly declares that it was
his opinion that Congress had no such power.
Jefferson, as everybody knows, declared that
no such power existed under the Constitution
of the United States. Mr. Madison, who has
sometimes been looked up to as the very father
of the Constitution, whose opinions upon its
true meaning have always been held in the
highest respect, having proposed it in the Con-
vention and it having been voted down, knew,
when President of the United States and the
question was brought before him for his official
action, that no such power was granted in the
Constitution, that no such power was intended
lo be granted, but was expressly refused to
Congress by the Convention which made it, and
therefore he put his veto on the internal im-
provement bill. I have the veto message of
Presideut Madison before me, in which he dis-
cusses this question and takes up these different
clauses in the Constitution under which this
power is claimed, and in which he states in the
clearest and most unequivocal terms that Con-
gress does not possess it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In what year was that ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The veto bears date on
the 3d of March, 1817 :
" I am constrained, by the insuperable difficulty I
feel in reconciling the bill with the Constitution of
the United States, to return it with that objection to
the House of Representatives, in which it originated.
"The legislative powers vested in Congress are
specified and enumerated in the eighth section of
the first article of the Constitution; and it docs not
appear that the power proposed to be exercised by
the bill is among the enumerated powers, or that it
falls, by any just interpretation, within the power
to make laws necessary and proper for carrying into
execution those or other powers vested by the Con-
stitution in the Government of the United States.
" 'The power to regulate commerce among the
several States/ cannot include a power to construct
roads and canals and to improve the navigation of
watercourses, in order to facilitate, promote, and
secure such a commerce, without a latitude of con-
struction departing from the ordinary import of the
terms, strengthened by the known inconveniencies
which doubtless led to the grant of this remedial
power to Congress.
" To refer the power in question to the clause ' to
provide for the common defense and general wel-
fare,' would be contrary to the established and con-
sistent rules of interpretation."
I will not read further from this able message
of Mr. Madison. He is, I think, justly regarded
as one of the ablest expounders of the Con-
stitution, for he took a most important part in
its creation and in its defense before the peo-
ple, and he positively knew that the Convention
which framed it withheld this very power because
he had himself offered in the Convention to give
Congress that power and it was voted down,
and voted down for reasons distinctly stated.
The veto message of President Monroe has
already been referred to in the course of this
discussion. Mr. Monroe states his opinion with
that clearness for which he was distinguished,
touching all the clauses of the Constitution by
virtue of which or under which this power is
claimed. I will refer to but a single paragraph.
He says;
"It has never been contended that the power was
specifically granted. It is claimed only as being
incidental to some one or more of the powers which
are specifically wanted. _ The following are the
powers from which it is said to be derived :
"I. From the right to establish post offices asd
post roads.
"2. From the right to declare war.
