348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
zens of Mississippi, praying the passage of a
permanent bankrupt law independent of any
fifty per cent, restriction ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. _
Mr. ANTHONY presented a petition of citi-
zens of the United States, praying that the
right of suffrage be extended to women in the
District of Columbia and in the Territories ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. ABBOTT presented the memorial of
headmen and people of the North Carolina or
Eastern Cherokees, protesting against the rati-
fication of the treaty concluded on the 9th day
of July, 1868, between the United States and
the Cherokees residing west of the Mississippi
river; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON', of Tennessee, presented
the petition of delegates of the Cherokee,
Creek, and Choctaw I ndians, protesting against
the passage of the bill to restore the Bureau of
Indian Affairs to the Department of War; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER presented two petitions of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for such an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States as will secure to all the citizens of the
several States equal political rights, privileges,
and immunities, without regard to class, race, or
color; which were referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Philadelphia, praying such an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States as will
secure to all the citizens of the several States
egual political rights, privileges, and immu-
nities, without regard to class, race or color ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
J udiciary.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion by Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered, Thatthepapers and petition of Jerome J.
Getty be taken from the files nf the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
reports 01' committees.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of K. W. Meade, captain United States Navy,
for restoration to the active list, reported ad-
versely thereon, and moved its indefinite post-
ponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of McKean Bu-
chanan, paymaster in the Navy, praying to be
indemnified for certain losses, reported ad-
versely thereon, and moved its indefinite post-
ponement ; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Brevet Brigadier General Orlando Brown,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs; which was
agreed to.
^ Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
Eoreign Relations, to whom was referred the
message of the President of the United States
in relation to a decree of the district court of
the Dinted States_ for the southern district of
New York, ordering the payment of certain
sums to the defendants in a suit against the
English schooner Sybil, libeled as prize of war,
and recommending an appropriation for the
payment of the same, reported a bill (S. No.
773) to carry into effect the decree of the dis-
trict court of the United States for the south-
ern district of New York in the case of the
English schooner Sybil and hen cargo ; which
was read, and passed to the second reading.
bills introduced.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No
1460.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to introduce a
bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let this bill be taken
up, and then I will give way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan asks the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to consider the bill mentioned
by him.
Mr. GRIMES. Let the title of the bill be
read.
The Chief Clerk. "A bill (H. R. No. 1460)
regulating the duties on imported copper and
copper ores."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
have taken up the resolutions of the State of
Vermont on the subject of reciprocity treaties
instead of that.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not. There was
an understanding yesterday that this bill should
be taken up for consideration, and I hope that
understanding will be carried out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does any
Senator object to taking up this bill at the
present time?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I object now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
motion cannot be received, and the morning
business must be gone through with.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
774) to amend an act entitled "An act regu-
lating the tenure of certain civil offices,"
passed March 2, 1867 ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the joint select Com-
mittee on Retrenchment, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, asked,
and by unanimous consent obtained, leave to
introduce a bill (S. No. 775) for the relief of
James H. Willis, of Greenville, Tennessee;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 776) to amend 'an act entitled "An act
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Central
Pacific railroad in California to Portland, Ore-
gon," approved July 25, 1886 ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 196) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary Lincoln, widow of the late President of
the United States, who was killed dnring the
war of the rebellion ; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. MORTON. As this resolution is short,
I will, with the permission of the Chair, read
it myself at length:
Whereas the late President of the United States,
Abraham Lincoln, while acting as President and
Commander-in-Chief of the Army of the United
States was killed in the war of the rebellion by the
enemies of the United States; and whereas his
widow, Mary Lincoln, is entitled to a pension upon
the same principles and for the like reasons with the
widow of any other officer who fell in the war:
Therefore,
Be it resolved, &c„ That Mary Lincoln shall re-
ceive a pension at the rate of dollars per an-
num. to be computed froin the day of the death of
her husband, Abraham Lincoln, late President of
the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that the
Senator leaves the amount blank ?
Mr. MORTON. I leave the amount blank
at present.
Mr. SUMNER. Would it not be better in
introducing the bill to fill the blank ?
Mr. MORTON. I hardly know how to fill
it myself.
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest $5,000.
Mr. THAYER. I ask that the bill be read
again at length. We could not hear it dis-
tinctly in my neighborhood.
The Chief Clerk road the joint resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not proceed with the
consideration of the measure at onee ?
Mr. MORTON. I have no objection if the
Senate desires to proceed to its consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. Will there be any objection
to it?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it had better go
to a committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to know
how much the amount is before I arn prepared
to act.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the joint
resolution be referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire, without pre-
vious notice, to introduce a joint resolution on
the subject of laying telegraphic cables ; and as
some of these propositions have been referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
some to the Committee on Commerce, as this
resolution is a short one I will read it, and then
the Senate can determine to what committee
it shall go:
Whereas cable telegraph companies organized un-
der the authority of the United States propose to land
their cables upon the shores of foreign Powers; and
whereas also telegraph companies organized under
the laws of foreign Powers propose to land cables
upon the shores of the United States, and the consent
oi those Powers and of the United States are neces-
sary : Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, That the President of the United States be,
and he is hereby, authorized to consent to the laying
of one or more telegraph cables from the shores of
any foreign Power to the shores of the United States
by any company organized under the authority of
any foreign Power: Provided, Such Power will also
consent to the laying of cables irom the United
States to the shores of such Power upon reciprocal
terms: And provided further, That until such Power
consent thereto the consent of the United States is
hereby withheld and the laying of any such cable
upon the shores of the United States by or under
the authority of such foreign Power is declared to
be unlawful.
By unanimous consent leave was given to
introduce the joint resolution (S. R. No. 197)
in relation to laying telegraphic cables.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 suppose it should go
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, al-
though I understand that some of these meas-
ures have been sent to the Committee on
Commerce. I move that this resolution be
referred to the Committee oil Foreign Rela-
tions.
The joint resolution was read twice by its
title.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is perfectly imma-
terial to me to which committee it shall go—
the Committee on Foreign Relations or the
Committee on Commerce. Some of these tele-
graph-cable questions have gone'to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. I do not know whether
any of them have been referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. I ask the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts as to that ?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir; one of them has
been referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. MORTON. The first one introduced ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I move that this
joint resolution be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
take up the resolutions of the State of Ver-
mont in relation to a reciprocity of trade with
Canada.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I make the
motion._ The gentleman has the right to vote
against it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
can only be entertained by unanimous consent
until the morning business is disposed of.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object.
, The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the motion cannot be entertained
at the present time.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 777) to enforce certain provisions of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States ; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I will state that that bill
has become necessary with reference to certain
transactions recently in the State of Kentucky.
Persons disqualified by the fourteenth amend-
ment have undertaken to exercise official func-
tions in that State. I understand that this is
the case also in Virginia and other States once
in rebellion. There must be some legislation
