1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBi
349
on the subject. It seems that the amendment
to the Constitution does not, as I had supposed
it would, execute itself. It requires some
legislation by Congress. I move the reference
of the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
' No. 778) to aid in the construction of a south-
western railroad and telegraph line to the Pa-
cific ocean, with branches and connections;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
trade with canada.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 1460, regulatingthe duties on imported
copper and copper ores.
Mr. SUMNER. I thought there was an un-
derstanding that we should listen to our friend,
the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,]
to-day on the subject of reciprocity treaties.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. A week ago
yesterday I presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of Vermont on the subject
of reciprocity treaties, but not desiring to in-
terfere with the business or convenience of the
Senate on that day by addressing the Senate
upon them I gave notice that I would a week
from that time, that was yesterday, address the
Senate upon the subject, aud there was no dis-
sent from any quarter. Yesterday I was com-
pelled to give way to the Sue Murphey case ;
but I gave notice then that I should endeavor
to seek the floor this morning. Under such
circumstances I must say that since I have been
a member of the Senate I have never known
such a courtesy to be refused to a Senator. I
merely ask for an opportunity to call up the
resolutions of my State, which feels a deep
interest in the subject, in order to occupy a
little time in discussing the general question.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to inquire
whether the Senator wishes anything more
than an opportunity to submit his remarks?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is all.
Mr. CONKLING. He proposes no action?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. And the time spent is to
be confined to that occupied by him ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the Senator from
Michigan will give him that opportunity.
Mr. POMEKOY. I made some objection
yesterday when the Senator from Vermont
proposed to call up these resolutions; but I
was not aware of the understanding referred
to by him. I have no objection at all, and
will make none, to the Senator from Vermont
proceeding.
Mr. CHANDLER. As I understand the
Senator will occupy but about an hour, if he
will consent to take up this bill I will then give
way and let him make his speech on the other
subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Mich-
igan will gain nothing by taking up the copper
bill in the morning hour. It is a bill that will
lead to discussion. I am in favor of the bill,
as a matter of course, and shall support it
when the time comes. It is a House bill, and
can be taken up and passed without danger at
this session ; but it is a bill that naturally ex-
cites a great deal of opposition because there
are formidable interests opposed to it, and it
is utterly idle to take it up during the morning
hour, in my judgment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that there was an understand-
ing yesterday among certain Senators that this
bill should come up to-day, and that the dis-
cussion should continue until we obtained a
vote upon it. I hope to obtain a vote to-day
upon it. ;
Mr. CONKLING. The unfinished business
of yesterday would take precedence of it at one
o'clock without a vote.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall ask the Senate
to continue the consideration of the bill, post-
poning the unfinished business, until we get
a vote upon it-
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from. Mich-
igan would gain nothing by taking up his bill
now in the morning hour, because at one
o'clock the special order would supersede it,
and he would have to make another motion
to postpone that. I suggest to him that under
the circumstances, as the Senator from Ver-
mont gave notice of his intention to submit
some remarks upon a subject which he had
heretofore introduced, he should be allowed
to proceed, according to the uniform courtesy
of the Senate, which I hope will not be de-
parted from on the present occasion. When-
ever any Senator has desired to address the
Senate upon a matter in which he felt an in-
terest, and has given notice of that fact some
distance ahead, to which there has been no
objection, I think it has always been accorded
to him that he should have an opportunity to
deliver his remarks. We all know the Sen-
ator from Vermont does not occupy a great
deal of the time of the Senate in speaking,
and I apprehend he will not speak many hours,
and probably nothing would be gained by tak-
ing up the bill at this moment. I suggest, there-
fore, that the Senator from Vermont be per-
mitted to go on.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; but I give
notice that at the conclusion of the remarks
of the Senator from Vermont I shall then
move to take up the bill to which I have re-
ferred.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senator from Mich-
igan will not make such a motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan withdraws his motion ; and
the question now is -on taking up the resolu-
tions indicated by the Senator from Vermont.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, o£ Vermont. I ask to have
the resolutions of the Legislature of Vermont
read.
The resolutions were read, as follows :
Joint resolution relating to reciprocity of trade with
tho Dominion of Canada.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, That having an intelligent regard for the best
interests of Vermont, it is the duty of our Senators
and Representatives in Congress to use their influ-
ence against'he consummation of any treaty relating
to reciprocity in trade with the Dominion of Can-
ada, and to insist that the subject of our trade and
commercial intercourse with Canada, as well as
with all other foreign countries,is not a proper mat-
ter of treaty stipulation, but belongs to. Congress,
and should be wisely regulated by a judicious tariff.
Resolved, That the secretary of State be, and is
hereby, directed to transmit a copy of this joint res-
olution to each of our |~ E W .test'
Sneaker of the House of Representatives.
STEPHEN THOMAS,
President of theSenate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. President,
the resolutions of the Legislature of the State
ofVermont, Ibelieve, only express the opinions
of some of the ripest statesmen of the country
in times past and the present sentiments of the
agriculturists of nearly the entire nation.
I have sought the opportunity to sub mit some
remarks upon the reference of these resolutions
for the same reason that most likely induced
the action of the Legislature of Vermont, be-
cause of a disposition manifested in some quar-
i ters—I hope it may he limited—to revive, an
unfortunate example in our history of negotiat-
I ing more of that class of treaties, sometimes
' called reciprocity treaties, whereby our foreign
trade is to be regulated by treaty instead of being_
regulated by the usual and accustomed laws ol
Congress—believing, as I do, that such treaties
are contrary to the practice of the Government,
contrary to the Constitution, and contrary to
the interests of the whole country. , Such a
treaty, if made, has to be first considered m
secret session of the Senate, and the people at
large have no light or knowledge touching the
nature of the treaty itself, nor of the facts or
arguments which are supposed to control the
action of the Senate, until that action becomes
irrevocable, and the only debate in public is
when the action of both Houses of Congress
happens to be required by the treaty to modify
the revenue laws according to the terms pro-
posed. At such a late period, the treaty having
been made by the Executive and by the consent
of the Senate, it is altogether too late to consider
its merits exclusively, and to the House only
the poor privilege remains of paring and clip-
ping the revenue laws, upon the compulsory
argument of necessity, to make them conform
to the new treaty. Tho unbiased opinion of the
House is out of the question. It has been fore-
stalled. Upon a subject where the House of
Representatives is entitled to have the initia-
tive, or the paramount lead, it is forced to
accept of a subordinate position and resign some
share of the functions conferred by the Consti-
tution in that provision of article one, section
seven, which declares that "all bills for raising
revenue shall originate in the House of Repre-
sentatives." Excluded herefrom the lead, the
claims of the House grow fainter as it is shoved
into the background. According to some par-
ties, it is an act of grace to submit an appropri-
ation contained in a treaty to the consideration
of the House at all, on the ground that a treaty
is a law by its own vigor, and the supreme law,
which crushes out the vitality of all other laws,
although it would seem to be apparent that a
treaty cannot be, and never could have been
intended to be, any more supreme than the con-
stitution under which treaties are made, or than
the acts of Congress. The supremacy intended
scarcely rises above more than State or local
laws.
It must be conceded that these are subjects
of too great importance to be disposed of in a
half hour's secret debate, whether in regard to
our organic law or as to the advantages or
disadvantages commercially of any particular
treaty had in view, and therefore I venture to
invoke the judgment of the Senate in open
session .to the consideration of the general
meritsXif the questions involved.
I remember that the learned Senator now
so/properly at the head of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, in earlier years, but when his
voice in the country was hardly less potential
than it is to-day, was a robust defender of the
rights and privileges of the House in relation
to treaties, following in the Senate then the
lead of the present astute Secretary of State,
and I hope he of all men will not go back upon
his record. Let it not be said now, when no
longer liable to be charged with belonging to
an unhealthy organization of a minority, but
holding a commanding position among the
majority, that that is a bufficient reason for
^readjusting constitutional opinions elaborately
considered and recorded. Liberals long re-
tained in high official stations in other countries
often become what is called conservative, but
the Republican Senate of the United States
is supposed to be a school not so favorable to
the training of that class of statesmen, and
the distinguished chairman most unpromising
material for such a training.
special treaties impolitic.
The exclusive policy so long maintained by
the British Government and other nations rela-
tive to trade with their colonies having now
been greatly modified, though not wholly aban-
doned, and the policy of granting equal favors
to all nations with whom commercial intercourse
is maintained having become almost universal
among civilized nations, there is no longer in-
ducement to seek by treaties special favors, or
to attemptto overreach less enterprisingnations
by the arts of diplomacy. Secret treaties or
partial treaties find little favor, and whatever
is granted to one party is practically open at
once to all others willing toacceptof like terms.
If England negotiates a treaty with China it is
at once duplicated with the United States. If
the United States make a treaty with Japan,
equal favors are promptly obtained by Eng-
land and other nations. It is even reckoned,
if not discreditable, somewhat beneath the dig-
nity of independent nations to grasp, at any
exclusive privileges by means of treaties, and
asure mark ofimbeeility forany nation to grant
them. It has also been growing more and more
