350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
politically unsafe to hamper the trade of colo-
nies witli such badges of inferiority as make
them tributary and subservient to the imperial
selfishness of the mother country ever since
the successful resistance of the United States
to the policy of taxation without representation
attempted by George III. When a Spanish
embassador represented to Cromwell that the
inquisition and colonial trade were his master's
two eyes, Cromwell replied, "Then I must
trouble your master to put out his two eyes."
The inquisition has been blotted out, and, while
the language of Cromwell might not be accepted
by modern diplomacy, it is question able whether
the world will long quietly tolerate any monop-
oly in colonial trade. The other eye will be
put out. Laws made in the islands of the North
sea to operate upon continents in the Indian
ocean will at some time become obsolete.
Such favors as promote national interests,
enlightened by the liberal policy of the age,
are made by general statute laws, not upon the
application of suppliants, and are applied uni-
versally ; but such favors as cannot be open
to so wide an application are entirely withheld
from any narrower or more exclusive field of
operations. Once these favors, secret and pre-
cious, were the bribes of offensive anddefens-
ive_ alliances, but such alliances have proved
odious, if not unprofitable, to all mankind.
Once they were terms extended or withheld
by victors to or from the vanquished. But now
it must be either a nation conscious of its weak-
ness and desirous of leaning upon a stronger
and more opulent power for support, or one
sadly lacking spirit to stand toward all the world
in the attitude of erect and broad independ-
ence, which can stoop even to those excep-
tional arrangements called reciprocity treaties,
although they are in point of fact only recipro-
cal in words and never reciprocal in effects.
The confutation of opinions is always unwel-
come, and more so when calling for a seeming
renunciation of power; and I shall ask of Sen-
ators, not that they shall accept of my posi-
questions presented for themselves. If there
are Senators who hold opinions at variance
with mine, as is not unlikely, I am conscious
how feeble any effort of mine must be to effect
change, and I shall lament my own deficien-
eies_ rather than suspect the strength of the
positions attempted to be maintained.
LEGISLATION NOT TO BE DONE BY TREATY.
Specific powers must always be construed to
limit general powers. All legislative power,
and especially the power to regulate com-
merce, having been delegated to Congress, the*
treaty-making power is thereby limited and
restrained. I think it may be assumed in the
outset, as a sound axiom under the Constitu-
tion ot the United States, that subjects proper
for legislation are not proper for treaties.
Manufactures, trade, and agriculture are con-
stant and fit subjects of legislation, and cannot
be claimed by the treaty-making power. Re-
ciprocal treaties alwaj-s interfere with trade,
manufactures, and agriculture, and are there-
fore unwarranted.
Such treaties are comparatively novel, and
certainly they were unprecedented at the time
of the adoption of our Constitution. There-
fore, even if they did not militate against the
special privileges of Congress, or of the House
of ftep^esentatives, not having been originally
contemplated, they cannot have been author-
ized ; and what was not authorized must be
outside of the limits of the Constitution.
Treaties were intended to embrace foreign
objects beyond the reach of ordinary legisla-
"Objects requiring the assent of some for-
eign Power—and it is a manifest absurdity to
c aim that tariffs may be made by treaty, yet
tariffs most be the chief staple of all reciprocity
treaties.
I shall first speak of the want of authority
to make such treaties, and second, of their
worthless character when made.
EXECUTIVE I'OWEB 0CGIIT NOT TO BE IXCKEASED.
The President of the United States is required
mainly to see that such laws as are in force are
lions,^ but that they will calmly examine the ^and privileges of the most numerous and pop-
questions presented for themselves. If there'1 nlar hranr.k nf tliu ti,„ q  
faithfully executed, not to make laws by him-
self alone nor by himself and the Senate. This
is the broadest field of his operations. He may
recommend measures, bnt if Congress does not
enact-them they do not become laws any more
than the recommendations of any private citi-
zen. Treaties under monarchies are royal pre-
rogatives and are made by the executive alone.
Under our style of government, treaties being
laws when made affecting the whole people
and which they must obey, they are not con-
fided alone to executive discretion. Jealousy
of executive power is the theory of earnest
republicans the world over. By the constitu-
tion of the late French republic, overturned by
the biographer of Cresar and present ruler of
Prance, the executive was authorized to ne-
gotiate and ratify treaties, but no treaty was to
be definitive until after it had been approved
by the national assembly ; and it was also pro-
vided that amnesties should only be granted by
an express law.
The President of the United States may ini-
tiate treaties, but until they receive the consti-
tutional sanction of the Senate they are of no
force. The whole legislative body, or both
Houses, when appropriations are required,
mnst participate in the office of carrying them
into effect, and without the approval of two
thirds of the Senate no treaty can be made.
It is evident the framers of our Constitution
regarded the treaty-making power with extreme
jealousy, and had no intention to amplify it.
Presidents, as well as monarchs, however,
are not only great sticklers for their legitimate
powers, but rarely fail to struggle both overtly
and covertly for the extension of executive
prerogatives. It may be matter of indifference j
to the Senate per se whether certain matters i
are to be considered by them in a legislative
or an executive session, as in either case their
voice will be potential, but as conservators of
a free Government, as a branch of that Gov-
ernment protected by the longest term of ser-
vice, it should scrupulously guard the rights
ular branch of the Government. The Senate
can have no interest iu transferring power from
the House of Representatives to the hands of
the President. The theory of a republican
form of government is that power is safe in
the hands of many, and dangerous in the hands
of one. The exclusive power of the House to
originate revenue bills is one of the most ex-
plicit in the Constitution, and it was intended
to be so hedged that no plausible pretext could
be suggested by which it could be invaded or
supplanted.^ This sole power being confided to
the House, it must not be exercised elsewhere,
nor can it rightfully be subverted. It should
remain in its entirety. Even to allow any other
branch to consider and amend revenue bills
was reluctantly conceded by the framers of
the^Constitution. A treaty regulating custom
duties, the main source of revenue heretofore
and destined to be hereafter, trenches upon a
cardinalprincipleof popular Governments—the
right of the immediate representatives of the
people to control the purse of the nation. It
is obvious that a very limited multiplication
of such treaties would soon absorb the whole
power to originate revenue bills, so far as they
concern the levying of duties upon the import-
ation of foreign goods, and nothing then would
be left to Congress except the mere husks of
a tariff and excises and direct taxes.
PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE.
It has been faintly argued that such recipro-
cal treaties would still leave to the House of
Representatives the privilege of originating
revenue bills at its pleasure, but this does not
rise to the dignity of a respectable sophism.
It does not even wear the appearance of can-
dor. It is a mockery. Whatever prior or sub-
sequent legislative enactments there may be, a
treaty, being according to executive interpret-
ation_ always the supreme law of the land,
overrides them, and wherever such enactments
come in conflict with a treaty they are practical
nullities, as has been proved, and will be so
long as the Executive is the sole arbiter of the
question. The House may fling its net forrev-
enue and toil all night, but they will catch
nothing. When the revenue has been seques-
tered by force of treaty stipulations for the
benefit of foreigners the House will find itself
in the old attitude of being forced to make
brick without straw-. The pretense that such
a treaty is not an invasion of the rights of the
House, it seems to me, adds to the injury a
contempt for the intelligence and sensibility of
that body. To say that all this may be done
even with the joint action and assent of the
House does not relieve the matter-—only com-
plicates it. It is not in the power of the House,
either alone or conjointly with the President
and the Senate, to change or dispense with any
portion of the Constitution. The powers given
to the House are given for all time, as much
for one Congress as another, and cannot be
lawfully suspended by them nor by the treaty-
making power, whether directly or indirectly.
One House of Representatives has the same
powers as any other, and no one can properly
or lawfully intercept or hold them in abeyance
for any length of time. The House of 1870
must be as free to act as the House of 1868.
One House, indeed, may have so little spirit as
to refuse to exercise its constitutional powers,
but one or both Houses cannot exhaust their
vigor, nor abdicate nor forfeit them for a mo-
ment, nor can any circumstances lift any law
to such high sanctity that a new Congress, fresh
from the people, cannot, constitutionally repeal
it, whatever of misfortune might attend such
a repeal.
Revenue laws require adjusting annually,
and for years to come the subject will be one
of paramount importance. Taxation as a whole
may steadily be diminished, but a careful con
sideration of the whole subject may require
that burdens resting in one place may be re-
moved to another better able to bear "them or
where they will be more widely and equally
distributed. In spite of all inclinations f.r
honorable peace, the just claims of the Uni-
ted States may be so long delayed that the
only remedy for a high-spirited people will be
war. In such an untoward event the whole
resources of the country should be kept un-
trammeled, ready to be unleashed for instant
use, and no part of them should be placedbeyond
our reach. The power to originate revenue
bills, then, becomes imperative and indispensa-
ble to the preservation of national life. A war
with one nation abrogates no treaties with any
other. A compact of this reciprocity charac-
ter,_ however inopportune or galling, must be
fulfilled. To disregard it gives just cause for
war. The executive branch of the Government,
with the Senate in its executive capacity, hav-
ing pledged the faith of the nation, no expla-
nation of the frame-work of our Constitution
will prevent any foreign nation from seeking a
redemption of the pledge.
In the first article, section eight, of.the Con-
stitution it will be found that Congress—not
the President and Senate alone—was to have
the power " to regulate commerce with foreign
nations." _ If Congress was to have the power
to do this it is clear that it cannot be done by
either the judicial or executive authority, nor
was it the purpose to lodge the power in any
body less responsible than the whole of Con-
gress.
If to Congress belongs the power to regu-
late commerce with foreign nations, and the
House has the exclusive right to originate rev-
enue bills, it follows that the powers thus dele-
gated should not be curtailed or frittered away
by any treaty, [f laws become weak and
worthless in the face of the assumed suprem-
acy of even illegitimate treaties, or such as
cannot properly be considered as made ''under
the authority of the United States," the Con-
stitution whenever appealed to retains its
full vigor, and when its agents transcend its
authority let them be disowned, and not the
Constitution.
How greatly is it to be preferred that our
Government should be left at all times unfet-
tered and lrea to mo.ke such laws and regula-
