1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ml
tions as the interest of oar people from time
to time demands, a:*d that we should be at
liberty to extend favors or withdraw them, as
our own sense of propriety may require, with-
out any infringement of a compact, and espe-
cially of a compact made in conflict with a pro-
vision in the Constitution deemed most essential
to the framework of a free Government ?
LATITUDE 0)' THE P0WEK CLAIMED.
If such an innovation of the rights of the
House or of the rights of Congress be allowed
to go unchallenged there is little else in the
way of legislation that may not be done by
treaty. Why may not the right of suffrage
be regulated by reciprocal treaties? Why not
so fix the price of our public lands? Why may
not internal improvements, canals, and rail-
roads be secured on the international recipro-
city plan? Why not have reciprocity in forti-
fication treaties? Why not thus regulate the
rates of postage? Why not reestablish slavery
by a reciprocal treaty with Brazil or the king of
Dahomey? Why not have reciprocal natural-
ization treaties? Why may not New England
be thus put out in the cold or the State of
Michigan be alienated by treaty with the Cana-
dian Dominions? Why not borrow money or
resume specie payment, by virtue of a recipro-
city treaty?
These interrogatories give some indication
of the' possible scope of the powers claimed
and the easy manner in which power inay
slide into the hands of the few, and, without
changing the form of our Government, wholly
subvert its popular character; nor can it be
pretended that the exercise of the power in
any one of the examples here used to illus-
trate its extent would not be equally justifiable
with its exercise upon the subject of tariffs, and
all are equally dangerous, it is a power sub-
ject to the winds and waves of party, and liable
to ingulf and absorb all legislative power.
Since the decision in the case of the Jay
treaty and the recent treaty for the purchase
of Alaska it may, perhaps, be considered the
settled doctrine that a treaty made by the
President, with the consent of two thirds of
the Senate, involving an appropriation, binds
the House, or at least overwhelmingly urges
it, to make the appropriation without stopping
to consider its justice or expediency, or whether
the treaty is good or bad. Is not that enough ?
Foreign nations, it is argued, can neither inter-
fere with our internal machinery nor know
whether our agents exceed their authority or
not. and they deal only with the sovereign
authority ; regarding the mtiuth-piece of that
authority as the authority itself, whether so in
point of fact or not. Such considerations
should inspire great caution about amplifying
or enlarging the jurisdiction of the Senate in
the formation of treaties. It is enough that we
confine the Senate to its legitimate and un-
questioned functions, but when we step beyond
and remove subjects of ordinary legislation by
Congress within the control of the treaty-mak-
ing power, we justly arouse a suspicion that if
we are not aiming at consolidation we are
removing step by step from the popular con-
trol of the people. Among the admirable
checks and balances of our system of govern-
ment there is none more reverenced than that
of the Senate, but if it attempts to magnify its
office by engrossing doubtful powers, from that
moment its prestige will begin to wane and its
usefulness will be seriously contested.
I regret that this question has not been
handled by some Senator better able to pre-
sent the argument, but a simple statement of
the question would almost seem to be enough
without argument. In its whole length and
breadth it is this: can the President with two
thirds of a quorum of the Senate repeal laws
passed by both branches of Congress and ap-
proved by the President, and at the same time
fasten upon the people an irrepealable law?
It' this cannot be lawfully done there is an end
of leeiprocilv treaties.
J shali next briefly consider the history and
character of these treaties-.
TREATY WITH FKAXCE,
It has sometimes been pretended that there
are numerous precedents on record for making
reciprocity treaties, out in point of fact there
has never been one deserving that title, nor
but one claiming it, and that was the late ill-
advised treaty concerning trade with the Brit-
ish provinces. By the treaty with the first
consul of France, in 1803, for the cession of
Louisiana we agreed to permit French and
Spanish vessels to trade in all the ceded ports
of this territory for twelve years, in the same
manner as our own vessels, and also agreed
that no other nation should have the same
privileges. It must be remembered that at
that time we were few in numbers, and the
acquisition of so vast a territory, with the port
of New Orleans and the mouths of the Missis-
sippi, offered temptations not to be resisted
by any nation dreaming of maritime import-
ance, and Cho terms demanded by Napoleon
were no doubt very moderate. But subse-
quently France made large reclamations on
the ground that we had failed to fulfill the part
of the treaty already alluded to, and in 1S31
we made a new treaty with France, by which
she paid us in money for her spoliations of
our commerce, and we healed the breach in
the treaty of 1803 by allowing French wines
to be imported at fixed and specific rates of
duty for eleven years. There was no recipro-
city whatever, as no concessions were made
by France in her revenue laws but to cancel
large claims against the United States difficult
to compute in money, and to avoid a vexed
question Congress granted for a limited time
a special favor to French wines. This is the
slender prop upon which precedents are claimed
to build up a system of reciprocity treaties! We
are older now; and however proper the terms
may have been at the time, they were not
reciprocal, and whether they were or not no
American statesman will hereafter venture
upon a similar compensation, whatever may
be the demand made by any foreign nation.
THE ZOLLVEItEIN TREATY.
The first real negotiation in the way of a
treaty of reciprocity wasmadeby Mr. Wheaton,
at Berlin, lie had been instructed by Mr.
Forsyth in 1837, then Secretary of State, to
obtain a relaxation of the duties on tobacco—
that was all—and after seven years of effort,
or at least a lapse of seven years, he concluded
what is known as the Zollverein treaty. Prus-
sia and her German associates would consent
to nothing without an equivalent. If Prussian
duties on tobacco were to be relaxed then the
United States must tender a relaxation of the
duties ou certain other articles of the growth
or produce of the Zollverein, and these ar-
ticles seem to have become coextensive with
the number of the principalities embraced in
that associated crowd. Bach appears to have
rushed in with some pet to be favored, and all
would seem to have been gratified. The work-
ers in hardware and in wool, worsted, silk, cot-
ton, and linen were no sooner appeased than
the fabricants of fish-hooks, snuff-boxes, and
toys presented their budgets, and at last the
proposed treaty contained an assortment of
staples and bijouterie such as, I venture to say,
were never before assembled together by Jew
or Christian.
This proposed treaty was the work of a man
whose historical and legal productions have
contributed largely to the solid reputation of
our country. His fame is part of the glory of
our people ; and if a treaty of this kind could
ever be expected to find favor in the American
Senate or with the American people this was
brought forth by a man entitled, even though
he labored under specific instructions^ to a
respectful hearing. It received the highest
commendations of Mr. Calhoun, and yet, not-
withstanding the wholly unexceptionable char-
acter of the negotiator, after being elaborately
considered, it was reported against by the Sen-
ate Committee of Foreign Affairs, and upon
being again urgently pressed by President
Tyler, a second adverse report having been
made, it was rejected by a large majority, and
rejected, not by a party vote, upon the ground
of deference to the constitutional privileges of
the House of Representatives, with which the
treaty conflicted. The eloquent words of the
first report, penned by a distinguished states-
man of Massachusetts, (Mr. Choate,) and reit-
erated and amplified in the second report by-
Mr. Archer, of Virginia, declared that—
"The committee, then, are not prepared to sanction
so large an iunovation on the ancient and uniform
practice in respeetof the department of Government
by which duties on imports shall be imposed; that
the Constitution in express terms dole,Tates the power
to Congress to regulateeommeree and impose duties
and to no other; and that the control ot trade and
the functions of taxing belong, without abridgment
or participation, to Congress."
It is somewhat remarkable, in stating the
advantages of this treaty, that Mr. Lawrence,
the biographer of Mr. Wheaton, should enu-
merate, among the benefits to accrue to the
United States, but three American articles of
export touched by the treaty, and of these no
actual change of the rates of duty wag to he
made by the Zollverein cxccpt with regard to
one. He speaks of the treaty as one which
"would effect the long cherished object of pro-
curing the reduction of the present duty on
tobacco, secure the continued admission of our
cotton free from all duty, and prevent the im-
position of any higher duty on rice; " and lift
continues, "For these advantages! "—that is
to say, stripped of all rhetorical verbiage, for a
reduction of the duty on leaf tobacco amount-
ing to about one cent per pound and of one
cent and a quarter on stems, and with no
change on cotton and rice (and lard) we were
to reduce, or not increase, the duty upon at
least five hundred articles, embracing (though
wholly unmentioned by Mr. Lawrence) whole
classes and many varieties, some of which,
singly, were scarcely less, when compared in
commercial magnitude, than the sum total of
our Prussian tobacco trade. "For these ad-
vantages," practically confined solely to to-
bacco and tobacco stems, we were to dwarf and
hamper our tariff to proportions satisfactory to
the great nullifier of South Carolina. Had
this clever scheme proved successful the direct
benefit to the tobacco-growing States would
have been inconsiderable ; but it is hardly too
much to say that the direct injury to the in-
dustry of the North would have been so serious
that in their retarded growth it would have
left the slave power of the country to-day in
the undisputed ascendency. Never was John
C. Calhoun so nearly victorious.
It is singular that a man of such eminent
patriotism, ability, and culture as Mr. Whea-
ton should have been dazzled by gems of such
inconsiderable value, while throwing away such
costly treasures, and even more singular that
he should have overlooked such plain land-
marks of the Constitution as were presented
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs in their
reports to the Senate in 1844 and 1845, then as
now composed of Senators thoroughly versed
in constitutional learning, but it is even mar-
velous that Mr. Wheaton should have felt that
a treaty with such limited advantages, accom-
panied by such onerous burdens, offered any
contribution to his already well-earned fame as
a scholar and jurist, and can only be accounted
for by supposing that his partiality for liis off-
spring arose not on account of any merits, but
from the length "of the period of its gestation,
or by that fatuity of geuius which remains in-
different to fame fairly won and pines after that,
to be found in some by-path wholly aside from
its reach. '
The success of these reciprocity treaties re-
quires secrecy while they are in progress. It
will not do to let the whole substantive matter
contained therein leak out in advance. A few-
nuggets may be unveiled, and then theimagiiia-
tion is left free to gild all the rest. If the whole
should bo at once exposed to the public gaze
short work might follow such diplomatic achieve-
ments. The proposed Zollverein treaty of
184-i was supposed to relate chiefly to a reduc-
tion of the Prussian duty on tobacco and tobacco
stems. I doubt not that was the understanding
of most of our people. It stipulated for so much,
