128
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 5,
Ho. of Reps.
Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Mulhns.
40th Cong. ...3d Sess.
loyalty, and other prejudicial influences have
constantly operated against them. They have
crumbled away and gone to wreck and for cen-
turies past have been but a hissing mass of
ruins. We might suppose that this would be a
lesson to succeeding governments, and would
point out the stumbling-blocks in their path,
the breakers where the ship of State has so
often stranded, but it seems not in every case
to have proved effectual. These ruins are the
finger-boards standing along the track of time
traveled by the nations and Governments to
warn us of where they went to w-reck.
Then passing over the earlier periods of time,
we come down to the establishment of our own
Government. We see what powers and what
rights it has, recognizing the principle that man
who founds and establishes the Government
possesses rights of self-preservation and self-
defense of which no Government or body of men
can deprive him. That is one of the strongest
powers that belongs to the individual man, and
it partakes of and makes up the vital principle
of every Government and body-politic into
which he enters. This being the case, as I
clearly believe and am well satisfied, we find
ourselves at the threshold of the Republic, the
setting up and putting in operation of our un-
rivaled Government.
We revolted against the Crown of Great
Britain, that Government mighty, gigantic, and
with a machinery that has stood the tear and
the wear and the rack of many centuries ;
which stands as a pillar amid the storms and
desolation of other Governments, as an eter-
nal pyramid amid the waste of many generations
and peoples, and amid the waste of empires
and dominions that since the dawn of her day
have come up and gone down to be remem-
bered no more. Yet we saw fit, a few colonies
away here in the western world, to rebel against
that Government and throw off her deadly
yoke. The people of this nation saw fit to set
up for themselves and to declare, " Here are our
inalienable rights, the rights of all peoples to
set up a government, and when they find it so
oppressive that they cannot bear it to set up
another." Then what did they do ? Standing
upon the foreground, in gold, floating upon
their banners in living letters of light was the
fundamental principle that I have declared to
have been the constituent element in their
great work, the inalienable rights of life, lib-
erty, and the pursuit of happiness. This flam-
ing banner they threw to the wind; they
unfurled from their staff toward heaven an
ensign proclaiming to all nations, kingdoms,
empires, tongues, and dominions that in these
colonies man will no longer tolerate princes,
nabobs, and tyrants to reign over them, pro-
claiming this immutable principle, the germ
and the root and the chief corner-stone upon
which the whole fabric rests, the inalienable
right of life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-
piness.
With that ensign unfurled to1 the gaze of
mankind we met the strongest Power of the
civilized world, not only on the land but on
the sea—the Power that had made all other
nations almost lick the dust before her, whose
commerce whitened every sea. With this
ensign of nationality, with this immutable
principle emblazoned on our banners, we con-
quered and made the British lion crouch in
the dust. And yet, after having, through a
seven years' struggle of fire and blood, con-
quered the strongest Power on earth under
this grand ensign of inalienable rights, this
immutable principle, what do we find still
lurking in our Government? Those fathers of
ours that had followed this ensign, this great
ark of the covenant intended for the people of
the United States—that had followed it and
had borne it through the conflict—what did
they do after they had carried it through so tri-
umphantly? They did as many, ay, hundreds
of other human beings have done and I fear
will do for all coming time, through the prin-
ciple of fallen nature which impels men to
yield more to and for their own selves and their
own firesides than they will yield to the strong-
est power on earth. They compromised this
principle of universal right, this God-given en-
dowment of life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness. Of these three cardinal franchises
they 'yielded one—that of underived, impre-
scriptable liberty, and thus compromised with
themselves. They placed in the organic law,
known as the Constitution of the United States,
the declaration that they had compromised this
immutable principle forwhich they had resisted
the British Government and made known to
world as their ensign.
Thus they compromised with themselves by
guarantying the system of slavery, of the ab-
solute bondage of one of the races on the con-
tinent of America known as the negro, at that
time about one seventh part of the inhabitants
ofthe UnitedStates. We kept them in slavery,
and yet declared that we had a republican
Government—a Republic with one seventh part
ofthe inhabitants held as slaves.
With this system ingrafted upon the Gov-
ernment we have run on for eighty years and
more with the most unparalleled progress that
any Government, perhaps, has ever made since
governments began, our populations outstrip-
ping all others and our wealth increasing more
rapidly than all others. And this principle of
political liberty was coupled with another grand
principle that I must not lose sight of—that
God in his mercy saw fit to bless us with the
light of revelation of the revealed word as a
school book—a well of Christian civilization
and the exemplar of Christian government;
and it has always been to me a matter of
astonishment as well as of sorrow that there
was not incorporated as a fundamental maxim
in the Declaration of Independence and the
Constitution of the United States the acknowl-
edgment that governments are ordained and
upheld by God through the instrumentality of
an enlightened and Christian people. But this
fundamental maxim, unfortunately, was omit-
ted in the formation of our Government; no
such declaration is to be found on the pages of
our Constitution.
Now, sir, when our Government has been
established in the manner I have already de-
scribed does it lose any of the rights that
belonged originally to its members ? In dis-
cussing this point I shall use illustrations which
I think will be appreciated by both mechanics
and farmers. I ask, is this Government desti-
tute as a nation of any of the rights, any of
the powers, any of the attributes which were
possessed by the individuals who contributed
to its formation? I hold that it is not. I
know it is argued by lawyers and declared
by jurists upon the bench that legal rights may
after a certain lapse of time be lost by statutes
of limitation. But, sir, the great right of self-
defense, the right of a man to resist all inva-
sions upon his property, his liberty, or his life,
isone of the fundamental and inalienable rights
derived from God himself and which can never
be forfeited. If, then, each individual who
makes a constituent part of this great nation
possessesthis right of self-protection and self-
preservation, does not the same right inhere in
the Government itself? I say that the Govern-
ment has it in tenfold magnitude and strength.
Why, sir, man, must die; the term of his life
is brief; it is calculated that the average period
known as a generation of men is thirty-three
years. But who can measure the lifetime of
Governments ? Who can determine the num-
ber of their years? What dial can announce
the hour when the last sands in the life of Gov-
ernment shall run out? To do this is beyond
the power of man. Such being the age of Gov-
ernment as compared with the brief term of
man's existence, does not Government, which
consists of a mass of individuals, one genera-
tion succeeding another, possess in a still higher
degree and with greater majesty and power
than the individual man the right of self-
defense and self-preservation?
Let me, for the sake of illustration, put a ques-
tion to the mechanic or the farmer. Does not
the house which you build or in which you
live need sometimes to be repaired? What is
there made by mortal hands that can stand the
destruction of time, which makes its impress
upon the solid rocks and melts away the lime-
stone bones of old earth? It is nonsense, sir,
to fcay that any work of human hands can be so
perfect as never to need repairs. Why, sir, our
bodies, the handiwork of a greater being than
man, sometimes become sick ; and when they
do, we send for a physician and are willing to
take the most nauseating medicines to restore
us to health. It is not only our right, but our
duty to do this—a duty we owe to ourselves,
our wives, and our children—a duty we owe to
God, who gives us our lives that we may prop-
erly care for them and wisely use them. It has
been said, " What will a man give in exchange
for his life ?" And if the life of an individual
is so precious, how many times more precious
is the life of a Government upon which depends
the welfare of untold millions ?
The question then recurs, can a Government
like ours be repaired, aud if need be remod-
eled, for the benefit of its citizens, who are
multiplying every day? We have in our time
a set of politicians who tell us that we must
not dare to make any change in our funda-
mental Constitution, which recognized a part
of the people as held in slavery. Sir, when we
threw off the British yoke and adopted the en-
sign of nationality, we declared that all men are
created free and equal, and entitled to life, lib-
erty, and the pursuit of happiness. Yet within
a tew years afterward we made a compromise
with wrong, and thereby sinned against the God
of the universe, by whose kindness victory had
perched upon our banners. The consequences
of our iniquity have been felt in tears and lam-
entations for more than eighty years. Our
sin, like the blood of Abel, has cried to the
very heavens. And at last, within our own
day, we see man armed with the avenging
sword of God's majesty and wrath. The Gov-
ernment rocks amid the conflict and staggers
like a drunken man. Empires and dominions
are astonished at the revolution going on in the
United States ; a pall of darkness hangs over
the horizon; the sun rises and sets in blood ;
the red horse and his rider have rushed heed-
lessly into the battle ; the saber of horrid civil
conflict is drawn ; thunder shakes the founda-
tions of earthly potentates and Powers ; men
madly rush to the slaughter of their fellow-
men. Why is all this? It is because of the
lying promise which was held out in our
original frame of government that all men were
born free and equal and entitled to the alien-
able rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness, when at the same time one seventh
of our inhabitants were held in slavery. Well
might the earth tremble, well might the red
horse and his rider rush heedlessly into the
battle, well might the air be filled with burst-
ing bombs, the sulphurous smell of powder, and
all the wrack and fury of war, for out of the
fiery ordeal millions of our people were to
come cleansed from slavery'and clothed with
the rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness. If we had obeyed God's word, and
let the bondmen go free, there would have been
no war; but we did not do so, and war was the
payment we had to make for our sins.
Why do we not live in the houses in which
our fathers lived? Farmers and mechanics
will understand my argument. Logs that were
put in and deemed all right have turned out to
be rotten and to have decayed. We must cut
the rotten timbers away and supply their place
with good wood. To do this in time will save
us from seeing the whole structure come tum-
bling down about us and being compelled to
erect a new one out and out.
Now, when the white-winged angel of peace
