1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
129
40tii Cong.... 3d Sess.
Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Muffins.
Ho. of Reps.
hovers over the land, a returning sense of duty
must bring us to look out what legislative
action it is necessary for us to take. This
house built by our fathers with bad logs must
be repaired, and repaired from the foundation-
stone. We have saved the life of the Consti-
tution by cutting out the diseased parts. The
disease removed, the body-politie has grown
in strength and health and vigor.
If we find anything evil is there anything
wrong in correcting it? Of course not. Men
who sit upon judicial benches argue that we
must go back from two to five hundred years
to discover whether the things we propose
were then recognized as right, and if they
were not, they then gravely tell us that we
have no power to do them. God deliver
us from such musty and rusty old men who
deny the right of everything unless you discover
the authority for it in some old black-letter
law. God deliver us from such men ; they are
an incubus upon the advancing civilization of
the age. I argue these matters as one of the
people who has come up from among them
and who understands them. What we all feel
to be right and just we ought to apply in our
principles of government. I do not want to
go back to the flood to learn what my present
duties are. The science of government has
advanced as men have advanced from child-
hood to old age. Fifty or seventy years ago
all those about me were in their infancy. Not
long before the Colonies had won their inde-
pendence after a long and fierce struggle. The
infant garments that suited us then will'.not
answer our purposes now. We must have
other food and raiment. As a people we are
not what we were. From three millions we have
grown to have a population of forty millions.
The machinery of government that may have
worked smoothly then will not work so smoothly
now. Now, sir, is the accepted time. We must
put our house in order. It is dilapidated and
decayed, and we must put it in repair. You
owe it not only to yourselves, but to your fami-
lies. You ought to put your house in order
because you do not know how soon it may be
your time to be called. Do your duty there-
fore to your country, and do it at once. Let
us make this a country which shall be glorious
not only for the political liberty it grants, but
fro that liberty and goodness which cometh
down from above. Let us so act that the light
of heaven shall shme before us in the path
that we travel as a Christian people, loving and
fearing God and loving and caring for our fel-
low-men. We want new garments, those of
eighty years ago being too small; we want a
new house, for the old one has fallen into de-
cay ; we want to repair and invigorate our
constitution of government to meet the de-
mands of the times. " Sufficient unto the day
is the evil thereof." That which we ought to
do that let us do. There is no fear but we shall
have the favor of the people for the accom-
plishment of so grand a work as putting our
Government upon a true and solid basis.
I hope we have paid this debt that we in-
curred when we established our Constitution
by betraying the banner under which we fought
with that motto of our nationality upon it—
the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness; and this brings me down to the
present. I run right briskly over all the period
of the war and come immediately to the subject
that was under discussion here in this House
but a few days ago and now pending in the
other end of the Capitol, the right and power
of the people at this day and time to amend
the Constitution. We find the Constitution
badly in need of repair, and needing it, have
we not a right to repair it? Sir, if we had not
done it we would have been unworthy of the
trust committed to our hands.
* And while upon this subject it strikes me
that some writer—I care not who—tellsus there
is a tide in the affairs of men, which, taken
at the flood, leads on to fortune; and I will
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 9.
add, to happiness and everything that is good.
Now, sir, do I see a tide of that sort in the
onward moving of this Government? I think
I do. I think I see it as plain as Belshazzar
saw the hand-writing on the wall, and I see it
in a like figure, saying, "Seize the golden
moment and improve it; this day is your oppor-
tunity." Let it be improved while we have it.
The water is now troubled; step in. After
having paid this debt of blood in this rebellion,
and made this repair to our great national,
fundamental Constitution that completes the
foundation on which is erected the mighty
building of our national Government, I regret
to say that gentlemen here in this House, be-
longing to a party calling itself Democratic,
have argued that we have no right to change
our Constitution, no right to repair this build-
ing. And among the reasons that they give is
this: that it is an invasion of State lights.
Now, sir, that the States original ly held these
rights I do not dispute. But it was in their
colonial capacity. I'hen each State was a sov-
ereign. But still we find even at that period
of our history they depended more or less upon
one another, and after a brief trial they found
that that form of confederacy could not exist;
it had no power or virtue within itself to exe-
cute its own decrees, no executive or admin-
istrative officer that could carry them out. So,
finding that they could not exist in that way,
the Colonies, in order to secure a more perfect
form of government, established our present
Constitution. There they surrendered certain
of their rights to form a nation, and when they
formed it the question arose, had the States the
supreme power or had the nation the supreme
power? If, according to the argument of the
Democratic party, the States possessed the right
to regulate the elective franchise, which is the
great lever-power of the national Government
in the political sense, then I ask the broad
question, in what way is a government cre-
ated out of those independent powers of the
people when they have organized themselves
into a State to maintain itself? I submit that
it is the quintessence of the power of the na-
tional Government to maintain itself against
all opposing powers. Hence the sovereignty
of the States melts before the burning fire of
this great principle that a Government must be
able to control itself. Otherwise its national
life is at the mercy of other Powers. The pow-
ers of the people all merge into that Govern-
ment. The sovereign power of the Govern
ment consists iu the sovereign will of the ma-
jority of the people, making up in the aggregate
the will of the Government, and when that
people have spoken no other power must dare
to gainsay it.
Then, you have the right as a Government to
saytotheStates, " You cannotdeclaresupreme.
authority and sovereign powers iu yourselves
and undertake to control the great lever-power
that holds together the Government and must
be brought to bear to maintain its life." It is
the life-giving power, it is the voice of the great
American people in their assembled capacity
expressed at the ballot-box. As well might
one of the little wheels in yonder clock say,
"lam independent and sovereign, and though
the workman that pat me in there intended me
to revolve in combination with the whole, I
will withdraw from the rest of the machinery."
If the parts should withdraw, how are the hands
on the dial plate to indicate the time of day ?
How is that machinery to run ? It is as in
Ezekiel's vision, "a wheel within a wheel."
The Government being mighty, carries all the
States with it in one harmonious whole along
the luminous path of a Christian, political
Government to grandeur and empire and do,-
minion and happiness. Then, away with your
State sovereignty.
And, sir, while gentlemen on the other side
were arguing this constitutional question, for
fear that they would not be distinctly' under-
stood about the sovereign capacity of the States
and the different classes and color of mankind,
one gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. BegkI
cried out that it would be "intolerable," and
would interfere with theirsooial rightstoftmend
the Constitution and allow equal privileges at
the ballot-box and in holding office. Sir, it'ia1
astonishing that the Democratic party should'
be so much alarmed about their "social rights.'3
In the name of common sense and justice and
truth what need they be alarmed about ? I see
nothing in the world alarming. But they are
dreadfully alarmed about " social rights" and
"social equality." They seem at' least to be
dreadfully alarmed lest somebody will marry a
negro or a negro will marry somebody else.
For their benefit I will say that I believe this to
be a false alarm. Our party—the Republican
party—do not seem to bo the least alarmed
on that score ; none in the world ; neither now
nor in days gone by. But I judge the Demo-
cratic party are most dreadfully alarmed and
shocked about it, and I ask the reason why?
I think they need have no uneasiness. The
negro is a human being,as I verily believe,and as
most of them admit. Some of them I know do
charge him with being more of a brute than of
a human being, and they doubt whether he has
a soul or not. They say he belongs to the
orang-outang race. Not so with me; f do not
believe that. And yet they are dreadfully
alarmed about intermarriage and social equal-
ity. They have less faith in their party than I
have, God knows, and-1 will try to relieve them.
I do not believe they are in half as much
danger of intermarrying with the negro as they
think. Our party is 'not the least concerned
■ about it. They have uo fear that negroes will
marry their daughters, and no fear that their
daughters will marry negroes, and they know
they are not going to marry negroes them-
selves. In the next place, I would say to the
Democratic party, " Give yourselves no uneasi-
ness for another reason : the negro is a rational
being; he certainly knows who his friends are;
and he has known from the earliest days in the
history of the country that the most inveterate
enemy he ever had in the world is the Demo-
cratic party, and the negro is not going; to
marry his life-long enemy ; he will not do it."
Why should he do it? I could see some rea-
son why the other side might want to marry
negroes, but no reason why the negro should
go to them to marry; and for this reason : in •
about forty or fifty years of Democratic admin-
istration the negroes have attained all castes, -
hues, and colors, from snow-white down to
sooty. Thus the negro has a variety of choice;
he can select among his own race any caste or
color he sees fit. There is another good rea- ,
son. I will ask the Democratic party if they
get very badly scared on this subject, and are
alarmed about this thing of social equality, to
get some man that is, of all others, the best
engineer and the best qualified and most capa-
ble of determining the lines between race and-
color with every instrument and appliance he
can find upon the continent of America, or he
may ransack the whole civilized world, and let
them see if he can tell where in the race tho
white blood begins and the negro blood ends.
I think he cannot do it. Then there is no rea-
son whatever for any alarm. And I think when
this day passes by the Democratic party will
cease to be, alarmed about it; they will cease
to throw in our teeth that we are breaking up
the fundamental powers and principles of. the
Government by allowing these classes to go to
the ballot-box. If you have an evil in your
country, in the name of God give the franchise
to all that are legitimately entitled to have it,
and they will help you to cure the evil.
Now, having passed over that, this brings
me closer down to the subject upon which, I
will close my remarks ; that is. the constitu-
tional amendment that has passed this House,
by a decided party vote. It was presented to
us in' several different forms. The first that !
shall Speak of is that brought forward and sub-
