1869.
THS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
men to dry or cure fish at suoh settlement without a
previous agreement for that purpose with the inhab-
itants, proprietors, or possessors of the ground."
Here there was little or no restriction upon
our rights. We could fish at all places in the
sea where the inhabitants of both countries
used theretofore to fish and (except to dry and
cure fish on the shores of Newfoundland) at
all places used thereafter by British fishermen.
The rights we possessed in the fisheries in 1782
were permanent, inherent, and indestructible,
and ought no more to have admitted question
once acknowledged, than our independence
or our boundaries. War could not disturb
♦hem, because they were of higher authority
than mere compacts, and time could not efface^
them because they were ever in use and nercf
^abandoned. In peace or war, like the titl^to
our own soil, they were unconquerable. After
the war of 1812 we made the treaty of July 3,
1815, and all subjects embraced in the treaty
of 1783, not then questioned, must have been
understood to be remain in statu quo ante
helium. It never has been pretended by Great
Britain that any other article in the treaty of
1783 was abrogated by the war of 1812 save
that relating to the fisheries.
Somewhat after the British style of doing
things at Copenhagen, a vessel of war suddenly
ordered our fishermen, in 1815, to retire twenty
leagues from all the coast of British colonies!
It is hardly to be credited that Great Britain
should have claimed that the war of 1812, so
barren of British laurels, had abrogated rights
so freely acknowledged in the treaties of 1782
and 1783, or that any representatives of the
United States, after a lapse of thirty-five years,
could have yielded to such an unfounded, not
to say impudent, claim. If Great Britain,
whether stung by the rivalry her fishermen or
her sailors had experienced, put forth such
pretensions no dread of Waterloo should have
prevented their plump denial. She had no
valid claims, and if she had the time to have
asserted them was in the treaty of peace in
1815. The treaty of 1818 was a weak surren-
deron our part of rights which peculiarly belong
to us, and of other rights which belong to all
other nations which choose to assert and exer-
cise them. Not won by the blood and treasure
of the parent country, they belonged to us by
right of discovery and occupancy, and because
while we were yet colonies our rights were
fought for and our title confirmed by our own
valor ; but neither the French nor the British
ought to be permitted to monopolize sea-fish-
eries. By any rule of facts or principle in the
partition of territory and rights, when our
independence was acknowledged we were en-
titled to all the fisheries rather than Great
Britain, and might with much more propriety
have insisted, not only that we would not be
excluded, but upon excluding the British. We
had always enjoyed them to a larger extent
than all the world beside, and they were of
greatest value to us. It is time the world
refused to put fetters on the sea, and if any
nation persists in such expansive despotism it
challenges resistance. Exclusive rights to the
products of the ocean is a relic of feudal ages,
and as odious to nations as are game laws to
common people.
It should be noticed that when Nova Scotia
was ceded to Great Britain by the treaty of
Utrecht the French subjects were thereafter
excluded from fishing within thirty leagues of
the coast, and this exclusion was renewed in
the treaty of Paris, 1703, by which Spain was
also wholly excluded from fishing rights in the
neighborhood of Newfoundland. So it would
appear that these exclusive claims have within
the century past diminished from thirty leagues
to three marina miles from the coast.
But we did agree in 1818, let us say it in
sackcloth and ashes, to limit the boundaries
of our fishing grounds and acknowledge some
exclusive rights of the Hudson Bay Com-
pany ; and we did agree to renounce forever
' • hook and line, bob and sinker "—on our own
motion!—any liberty heretofore enjoyed to
take, dry, or cure fish within three marine
40 m Oo^n. ?i> Sess.—No. 23.
miles of any coasts, bays, creeks, or harbors
of his "Britannic Majesty's" dominions in
America.
As a general international rule, the exclu-
sion of foreign fishermen within three miles
from the shores of any country is not, per-
haps^ to be complained of; but from these
fisheries _ never having been so excluded prior
to 1818 it was a strange renunciation on the
part of the American negotiators, and cannot
be atoned for with anything less than the com-
plete restoration of our ancient rights.
Among the many treaties made between the
United States and GreatBritain there are four
which will never be likely to increase the self-
esteem of Americans. I mean those of 1794,
1815, 1818, and 1854. The inclusions and ex-
clusions very noticeable in those treaties show,
not a lack of ability upon the part of the Amer-
ican negotiators.of the three earliest treaties,
but a lack of weight in the cannon known to be
behind them. The last-named treaty was ne-
gotiated shortly after a gross attempt had been
made to bully us into a similar compact by
sending a considerable fleet of vessels of war
to seize by force and stealth and confiscate, as
they did seize and confiscate, hundreds of the
vessels of our hardy fishermen for pretended
infractions of British rights under a new inter-
pretation given by them to the old treaty of
1818. This was an affront that should have
barred reciprocity treaties forever. Peace is
eminently our necessity, but not more a neces-
sity here than it is to Great Britain. Is it too
much to claim that hereafter we shall treat and
be treated by her, when we treat at all, as her
equal, and, as to reciprocity, not to treat at all ?
No commercial privileges are worth purchas-
ing. The interests of nations dictate policies
of mutual benefits, and these will grow. They
cannot be bought with a price. Let us bide
our time.
annexation.
Wc should always remember that an adjoin-
ing people, weaker as a state than ourselves,
must not only be envious of our power but of
our piosperity. Railroads so far in advance
of wealth and population that their receipts
fall short of expenses must be a dead weight.
That credit which requires the perpetual prop
of an iudorser is delusive. Emigration that
runs away from the soil is a bad advertisement.
That trade where the advantage depends upon
profitable diplomacy or illicit traffic is unre-
liable, and furnishes no base to the character
of a great people. Commerce blockaded by
ice for seven months of the year badly needs
a more sunny side.
It is true that most of these drawbacks would
disappear if the British provinces were consol-
idated with the United States. For the present,
however, the United States have room and
verge enough to spread all of its surplus capi-
tal, population, and enterprise upon the prai-
ries of the West and the savaunas of the South.
It might not be wisfe to weaken our strength
by diffusion over a broader surface than at
present so greatly tempts our national enter-
prise. If neighboring provinces, wedded to aris-
tocratic titles, though unsupported by estates,
choose to cling to a style of government whose
chief strength discloses at every fresh alarm
the fact of dependency, and so lag behind
and retard their progress for a half century,
why, m an economical view, the United States
can afford to wait. When these provinces seek
that aggrandizement which naturally flows over
all the parts of a free, independent, and pros-
perous nation by a union of interests andhonors,
by a fraternal welding together of all their
material forces and political aspirations, by an
unreserved and uncalculating assumption of
privileges and duties, it will be time enough to
consider what measures will bestadvance their
general welfare. Until then it is a study ex-
clusively their own, about which it will be
unbecoming for us to waste diplomacy.
conclusion.
There is no error, as I think, in the state-
ment with which I started, namely, that our
Mstory furnishes but one actual reciprocity
treaty accepted—and that was itself made con-
tingent upon the action of Congress—and one,
the Zollverein, negotiated and rejected by the
Senate. As far as precedents go, the action of
the Government has been decidedly adverse to
them; and the character of that accepted even
British subjects do not now pretend to have
been other than very profitable to them, and
most unprofitable to the United States. It is
certain that we gave the notice for its termina-
tion at the earliest possible moment.
If a reciprocity treaty can be made with the
queen of Great Britain or with the king of the
Hawaiian Islands may not the same thing be
done with the red chiefs of our Indian tribes?
How would it do to mend the tariff by a treaty
of reciprocity, " the supreme law of the land,"
with the .Sioux orComanches? How should
we respond to the claims of all those nations
with whom we have treaties—to Bismark or
the Earl of Clarendon—for equal favors? It
is not possible that th<  American Senate, with
ever so strong a predilection in favor of re-
ciprocity treaties — which I trust does not
exist—would tolerate this latitude in their
construction ; but would it not be well to es-
chew a power so incapable of good and so full
of possibilities of evil?
Our House of Representatives was an im-
proved copy of the British House of Commons,
whose rights and privileges are guarded with
especial jealousy and unceasing formality. At
thecommencement of every session the Speaker
goes to the House of Lords and claims "all
their ancient rights and privileges," all, of
which the queen, either in person or by proxy,
"agrees to allow and confirm in as ample and
eomplete manner as has ever been allowed or
confirmed by herself or by any of her Majes-
ty's predecessors.'' It will not be wise furthe
Senate or the Executive to raise any dubious
conflict with the other branch of Congress.
Let it never be necessary for the House to ask
of us or of the Executive to allow and confirm,
in as complete a manner as has over been
allowed and confirmed by the Constitution, all
their ancient rights and privileges !
order or business.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, I suppose
the regular order of business, the bill in charge
of the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,]
will now be resumed unless the Senate vote to
lay it aside. That is the bill for the relief of
Miss Sue Murphey.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
unfinished business of yesterday, and is now
regularly before the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I was about to say that
there is a bill which I wish to bring to the con-
sideration of the Senate to-day, or at least very
soon. 1 feel no personal or pecuniary interest
in it, but the people of my State do, and they
expect that it will receive the action of the Sen-
ate. Next week I shall be obliged to be absent,
and I have been requested by several Senators
to call up the bill to which I refer to-day or
to-morrow.
Mr. GRIMES. What is it?
Mr. POMEROY._ The bill in regard to the
Central Branch Union Pacific railroad, which
we had up last session.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Kan-
sas does not desire to make a motion I desire
to submit a motion.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire now, with the
consent of the Senator from Wisconsin, if he
is willing, to lay aside the Sue Murphey case,
and move that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill 1 have named.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Sawyer] is, I believe, entitled
to the floor on the regular order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mi-
finished business of yesterday is now regularly
before the Senate, and the Senator from South
Carolina is entitled to the floor.
Mr, POMEROY. I would not make any
motion if I thought we were ever to cumplete
the case of Sue Murphey, but it comes up
from day to day and preveuts the doing of
