1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
40tii Gong....3d Sess.
Railroad from Washington to New York—Mr. Kerr.
Ho. of Reps.
of the States of the Union, and to control all
of those corporations and all of their prop-
erty ? Has Congress, under the Constitution,
the right to assume the control and manage-
ment of the §2,600,000,000 that are to-day
invested in the different railroad enterprises
in the country—a sum amounting to more than
our vast public debt, and equal to one seventh
part of all the values in, the country? Has
Congress the power, under the Constitution,
to undertake to dictate how private parties
or corporations shall make their contracts, not
alone between themselves and the Government,
but between themselves and other persons?
Has Congress the right to say this corporation
or that corporation in this country shall not
charge over three cents per mile as fare for the
carriage of passengers and six cents a ton per
mile for the transportation of freight? Has
Congress the right to go into any State of the
Union, and by law of Congress, without consent
of the State, without the cession of State juris-
diction, without cession of the right of eminent
domain, which is and always was, under the
Constitution and prior to the Constitution, in
the States of the Union and not in Congress,
has Congress the power by a bill of this kind
to take from a State its jurisdiction over its
citizens, over its own corporations, over its
own property, over the taxation of its own
property, and transfer all that jurisdiction to the
courts of the Federal Government, or to courts
created under its various bills ? Has Congress
the power by a bill of this kind to take from
the judicial and ministerial tribunals of the
States all right and power given them by State
constitutions and laws to adjudge the valne of
private property sought to be taken for public
uses ? Has Congress the power; under the Con-
stitution, to take private property without com-
pensation first made or tendered ?
The Constitution provides that the prop-
erty of any citizen shall never be taken for
public use except compensation be first made
or tendered therefor; and if that cannot be
determined by mutual consent, then it shall be
determined under tribunals and by courts and
ministerial officers created utider State law.
Has Congress the right to take from citizens
of the States all these rights or guarantees,
and say by one single sweep of the congres-
sional pen, by one single declaration of con-
gressional power, that no citizen of this coun-
try shall henceforth be entitled to the protection
ot any of the laws of his State in protecting his
own property and in protecting him in the
enjoyment of that property ?
Ihese, Mr. Speaker, are some of the ques-
tions involved in this bill. If honorable gen-
tlemen will take the time to examine the bill,
and especially its first section, and its sixth,
seventh, eighth, and ninth sections, they will
find these remarkable powers declared to be-
long to and inhere in this Federal Govern-
ment under the Constitution. This Capitol is
now filled with the agents and emissaries of
corruption. Let there be added to the sub-
jects of congressional control and regulation
the vast interests involved in the railroad sys-
tems of the States, and in the systems of canals,
for this will soon follow, and theu the large
interests and immense aggregations of wealth
invested in all kinds of insurance, aud in the
network of telegraphs over the country, all
which, on the arguments and theories of tiie
friends of this bill, may be done, and then
there will spring into existence a new brood
of bureaus and departments to regulate, respect-
ively, all those vast, interests, and with them
will come a fearful multiplication of officers
and clerks, with their mighty contributions to i
the now almost irresistible tendency toward |
the consolidation of all powers in this Govern- !
jnent; and with them also will come increas- i
wg swarms of corrupt and infamous men, lo |
promote the dishonest, selfish, and lawless aims !
°f all kinds of "rings," and to work up, extend, |
and perfect combinations to control legislation, i
dictate nominations by the President, make or
defeat confirmations by the Senate, and render
honest men powerless to protect or serve their
country, to the end that wicked men, land
thieves, subsidy beggars, tariff monopolists,
bank monopolists, revenue swindlers, villain-
ous contractors, operators, and speculators,
may prosper, while the people mourn and bear
each year increasing burdens of-toil and taxa-
tion. Then these agents of corruption can
command if they do not fill seats on this floor,
and fill the rolls of our employes with their
tools and satellites, muzzle the press of the
country, fill the reporter's gallery with their
corrupt defenders and apologists, prevent
exposure of their schemes, and deceive the
people. These alarming dangers threaten us,
and in a degree not appreciated by the country
or ourselves are now upon us.
Let it not be supposed this bill is to be the
last, as it is the first, of its kind. It is only a
pioneer, an initial enactment, with which it is
hoped to break down the constitutional barriers
and inaugurate the new policy. Others and
worse ones will speedily follow its passage.
Many of them are now on our files. Instead
of breaking up monopolies this policy will
erect one more stupendous in extent and power
than any the world has yet seen. It will inev-
itably lead to combinations among a few of
the great trunk lines of railways to make all
the less powerful and the lateral roads of the
country subsidiary to them and to pay them
tribute. Let Congress assume such control
over a few of the great lines, such as the Erie,
the Pennsylvania Central, the Baltimore and
Ohio, and a few of those of the West and
South, and thereafter the railroads will rule
Congress, State Legislatures, and municipal
governments, and dictate laws. This policy,
therefore, as deeply and vitally concerns the
roads as it does the people and the States.
Mr. Speaker, it does seem to me that before
gentlemen should consent by their votes or
their action here to award an affirmative an-
swer to any of these assertions of power on the
part of Congress they ought most gravely and
seriously to consider every one of these ques-
tions in all their legal, constitutional, and na-
tional bearings upon the country, its interest,
and its welfare. My friend, the chairman of
the committee, [Mr. Cook,] has said to the
House in that portion of his remarks delivered
yesterday that Congress ought to have this
power because there does exist some kind of
public necessity for another railroad between
here and New York city. Is that a source of
power? Let me concede that all he says on
that subject is true. Does that necessity give
Congress a power which it did not before pos-
sess under the express language of the Consti-
tution ?
We are also told that this power may now
be exercised and held to exist because during
the late war it was found that, between here and
Baltimore and between here and New York
the railroad facilities were insufficient, both
for purposes of ordinary transit and for the
uses of the Government. Suppose I concede
that, also to be true; is it not equally true that
at different points all over this Union, in every
S'ate. in every county almost, the same facts
exist and the same argument might be used,
the same pleas for the exercise of power might
be found? The experience of the Government
during the war would establish the same argu-
ments in reference to a thousand sections of
our country.
Again, it is asserted by my friend that at
certain times in the late years of our history
it was not safe for people to pass through the
city of Baltimore; that they were in danger of-
being beaten or otherwise injured. Let me
concede that that is true, and more than true ;
that such wrongs were attended with circum-
stances of great aggravation, what follows?
Do not the same facts exist in numerous other
parts of this country? Why, sir, I am sorry,
ay, I am ashamed, to confess here that in my
own district in Indiana, in t.helastthree months,
by reason of the existence of combinations of
lawless and desperate criminals, it has not
only not been safe for individuals to pass through
one of the towns in that district, but it has not
been quite safe even for railroad trains or ex-
press cars to pass through, for they have occa-
sionally been arrested and robbed. Shall Con-
gress, therefore, go into my district and build
another railroad there and place it under the
ampler wings of the Federal Government for
protection in the exercise of its rights and
franchises? Shall Congress,therefore, go into
the State of Indiana, anywhere, all over the
country—for the likearguments will justify the
assertion of that power anywhere ?
The misfortune about all iey friends' argu-
ments is that they prove too much ; they go
too far; they are too comprehensive; they ".ire
illogical and self-destructive; they submit to
no limitations upon the power of Congress;
they make the mere discretion of Congress the
supreme law.
It is also said to be necessary to secure the
certain transmission of the mails from here to
New York because the existing railroads re-
fuse to contract at the Postmaster General's
prices to carry the mails. But the same is
true of numerous other roads in the country,
and yet they all do in fact carry the mails and
receive therefor such compensation as the De-
partment is willing to pay. By all this the
public service does not materially suffer, and
Congress acquires no new power.
It is said you must not let corporations regu-
late prices of fares and freights, because they
may become monopolies. Yet none of these
original rights of persons—and corporations in
law are persons—engaged in carrying on com-
merce upon our livers and upon the waters of
the world are denied or regulated by Con-
gress. Congress does not attempt to interfere
with the rates of fares and freights in steamboat,
river, and ocean transportation. Yet they may
also become monopolies, aud in fact do as
often and as completely as railroads. Their con-
duct in these matters is left by Congress where
by Congress that of all others ought to be left,
to the control of the greater, wiser, and more
beneficent laws of supply and demand, of com-
petition, and intelligent self-interest, the same
great laws which regulate the affairs of indi-
viduals in the infinitely varied pursuits of
human life.
It is intimated in this bill, and by my col-
league in his argument, that the power of Con-
gress over railroads, their business and com-
merce, may be limited to those lines and roads
only which are not confined in their length
or in their commercial connections to a single
State, but over which interstate commerce is
conducted. How can it be thus limited if it
exist at all? On what principle? Does not
every business man in the House know that
the whole railroad system of the entire country
is ilia most important sense a unit—a single,
closely-connected net-work, consisting of what
are usually called great trunk roads, with hun-
dreds of tributary and lateral roads? If you
say one is exempt from congressional control
because it is wholly within a State, then vou
have no right to interfere with any of the great
trunk lines, because most of the roads which
by their business connections constitute them
are also wholly within certain States. If you say
one is and another is not engaged in interstate
commerce alone, your facts have no basis.
Every road on the continent, by itself or^ its
commercial connections by land or water, is a
channel for interstate commerce. Indeed, eveiy
common highway leading from one State into
another, or connecting at the borders with such
highways in other States, is also a highway for
interstate commerce. It follows that the theo-
ries of congressional power which can suppoit
or justify this measure absolutely admit of no
limitation except the discretion of Congress.
