TUB' CON&BESSIOMAJj" GLOBE.
January 14,
thft discussion has assumed such a remarkable
character that I cannot allow it to'pass without
a few observations. I am perfectly clear that
anything which is given to the loyal people of
the South must be given as a matter of gener-
osity on the part of Congress for some merito-
rious services, i do not think that the law of
nations or the practice of nations can place it
upon any other ground. When it has been
done in like cases it has been done as a reward
for meritorious services., That for all practical
purposes they were in the enemy country, that
we had a war, that we had belligerent rights,
there^ can bp no doubt. Every department of
the Government so held and so acted; and the
argument of the Senator from Massachusetts
Stoker] on that point, will forever remain
unanswered. We exercised belligerent rights,
we had them, and one of the rights of belliger-
ents tshen in an enemy country—and this was
the tCTTitory of the enemy—is to take what
property may be necessary or destroy what
may be necessary to prosecute the war. There
is no dojjbt about that proposition.
But I-did not intend to make a discussion
upon that branch of the case. I think that the
argument of the Senator from Massachusetts
and of several other Senators is perfectly un-
answerable on that question. I simply rose
to call tire attention of the Senators represent-
ing the southern portion of the country, repre-
senting the reconstructed States, to a few
propositions which I believe they have rather
overlooked.
In the first place they say that loyal men
should be paid for their property taken. They
ought to reflect upon the difficulty of ascer-
taining the fact of loyalty in this tribunal. I
undertake to say that it is impossible, ft is
very difficult now to determine the present
status of men living in the South. In the case,
for instance, of propositions to remove dis-
abilities, the testimony as to how a person in
the South is now acting is in almost every case
conflicting. It is a very difficult thing to ascer-
tain even the present status of a man in the
South, whether he is supporting the Govern-
ment or whether he is still disloyal, and there
is testimony on both sides of almost every case.
Now, we have Senators and Representatives
from those States. We have our local officers
there. It is in time of peace. The question
to be determined is how some individual acted
in time of war, whether ho was loyal or dis-
loyal ; for if you establish the rule that all the
loyal men are to be compensated for their
property you must determine the question of
loyalty, and in many cases it will be a mere
condition of the mind and nothing else, and of
course it is going to be a very difficult matter
to determine, and in determining it you will
pay ten dollars to the disloyal where you pay
one to the loyal. Let me assure you of that,
because jt will depend more on the activity of
the parties in procuring testimony than upon
the inherent merits of the case.
. impossibility of giving such attention to
Ji!n£0!lgress as to.euah!e us to determine it
should be a sufficient argument with every
Senator against passing tins bill, or any such
bill which has merely undergone the examin-
ation of a committee.^ If the question is to be
determined properly it must be done in some
Other form ; itshould be judicially determined.
We have not the time nor the means of obtain-
ing the testimony and investigating the loyalty
of persons within the rebel lines during the
war. h cannot be done by Congress. No bill
of this kind ought .to pass, no matter how much
we may be in fstyof ,of the principle of it; and
no Senator, ltseems .to m, .ought to vote for
this mode of determining the question of
loyalty.
But it is said that we sho.yld .do something
for the loyal men of the So&th, I appeal to
the Senators fiom that section if we have jiot
done something for the loyal men of the South:
if this country lias not been taxed somewhat
Cos theui ? Y\ e established a bureau called the
Freedmen's Bureau with the express purpose
of saving the loyal men of the South from op-
pression and starvation.. It was the -''Bureau
of Freedmen and Refugees," and we expended
millions oil it. One whole party in the North
cried out against our bounties to the loyal men
of the South ; it has been an issue which we
have had to meet before the people. Through
the agency of the Freedmen's Bureau we ex-
tended the most effectual and beneficent relief
that could be extended to those people, and
many whites and many blacks were saved from
starvation and many millions were charged
upon the people of the North, who had borne
the burden of this war, to save them from star-
vation. Was not that more generous, more
humane, more worthy of the attention of Con-
gress, to save the suffering poor in the South
from starvation, than to take up a few claims
of persons who are able to come here and pro-
cure testimony and lobby them through ? I
tell you this nation has not been unmindful of
its friends in the South, but it has been gen-
erous, and I think there is no ease in history
where generosity was so discriminately ex-
tended as through the agency of the Freedmen's
Bureau to these poor people.
If there are conspicuous cases of devotion
to the Union in the South, of sacrifices for the
great cause, let them stand upon another prin-
ciple ; let them be predicated upon the princi-
ple that the Government of the United States
will reward meritorious services ; let them be
predicated upon the same principle on which
we reward like services in the North or any-
where else, but do not let them be predicated
on the principle that we are indebted for ex-
ercising the legitimate functions of war in time
of war, and exercising the belligerent rights
which we undoubtedly had. Do not involve
us in a debt of that kind, which is likely to
deplete the Treasury and scatter the bounty of
the Government to the unworthy. Let us not
commit ourselves to any such ruie as that. If
this Government has not been charged enough
with charity for these poor people, charge it yet
more, but let it be discriminatingly extended
to all who have suffered, and those who are
suffering now, and those who are needy.
Take the case under consideration, and what
can more strongly illustrate the danger of the
precedent that would be set by the passage of
the bill than the very case which we are con-
sidering? Here is a beautiful young lady, of
fine social position, who I presume is in every
way a worthy person, who was sixteen years
old when the Army passed through Alabama.
Living there among the enemies of the coun-
try she naturally must have partaken of the
prevailing sentiment of the community in which
she resided ; but she was generous and polite
to the Union soldiers, and undoubtedly would
have been the same to the rebel soldiers. In
the course of our military operations it became
necessary to tear down a house which was in
her name. Perhaps it was hers, and perhaps
it belonged to some belligerent and had been
conveyed to her for the purpose of avoiding
confiscation by the United States. Here is no
case of need, no case of meritorious services,
but simply a case where enemy property was
taken. I call it enemy property because it
was used to shelter the enemy where it was
situated, and it was necessary to remove it
because it was property that would be of bene-
fit to the enemy if allowed to remain.
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Saw-
yer] misunderstands the whole, drift of the
arguments of the Senators who oppose these
claims. We do not pretend to say that we will
not make a distinction in the South between
the loyal and the disloyal. No Senator has
held any such position. We have said that
during the emergencies of war, when we were
exercising the rights of belligerents, we could
not, from the very nature of the case, distin-
guish between the property of the loyal and
the ;disl.oyal which was within the enemy's lines
Ha-ble to'be used for the benefit of the enemy
and which it was.neeessary for us to destroy in !
order to succeed. It is impossible, in the very
nature of the case, to mak£ such a discrimina- j
tion; but have we not "Wde a discrimination I
between the persons of the rebels and the per-
sons of loyal men? It h,as been the whole
subject of our legislation for the last three
years. We have endeavored to place the gov-
ernment and power of that country in the hands
of loyal men. We have endeavored to save
loyal men from starvation and oppression.
We have taxed the people of this country to
the utmost of their capacity to carry out these
great benevolent designs. Are we making no
discrimination ? We mark it wide. We say
the dir.e necessities of war will permit no dis-
tinction to be made in an enemy's country
between enemy's property and friendly prop-
erty. The distinction cannot be made. If
such property was destroyed it was one of the
calamities brought upop us by this war which
the people of the South must suffer as an inci-
dent of the location of their property in that
country.
Now, I hope that the position of Senators
is understood in saying that enemy property is
that which is within the enemy's lines, and
which must be treated as enemy property from
the very nature of things. Do you say that
we ought to make a distinction between the
persons of loyal and disloyal men ? Look at
our statute-books; see our practice, and see
what the Republican party particularly have
put forth before the country—appropriation
after appropriation forthe Freedmen's Bureau;
and not only that, but the people of the North
have raised subscriptions in almost every town
and hamlet_ and sent them South to feed the
starving Union men. Do not the people make
a distinction, and draw it wide? But once
commence the indiscriminate payment of large
sums of money to people in the South who are
not needy, who are able to come here and
lobby bills through, whom the vigilance of
Congress is unable to keep out of these Halls—
let that commence, and then you will have a
feeling of hostility, you will have a feeling on
the part of the loyal people of this nation that
they have been wronged. They will bear any
just taxation if the proceeds of that taxation
go to the amelioration of the oppressed in the
South and can be fairly and honestly distrib-
uted. Do not attempt any special legislation,
particularly in a case lite this, which involves,
if carried out, millions and millions of dollars.
Besides, to take up these individual cases will
demoralize the whole country and consume the
time of Congress. If there are conspicuous
examples of loyalty and good faith in tbe
South point them out., and establish some rule
upon which this Government and other Gov-
ernments have acted for their indemnification,
when you have a proper case ; but if you pass
this bill it will be looked upon hereafter as a
precedent. The report of the committee is
here, the testimony is in writing, the facts are
of record, and the precedent wiil be judged by
the facts. I have heard no Senator vindicate
this bill very strongly on its merits. Then vote
it down. ^ It seems to me that is the sensible
way to dispose of it, and the Senators of the
South wiil see that there is no disposition to
treat the loyal men and the disloyal alike.
They will find every disposition to make every
distinction that can be made in the nature of
the ease and according to the capacity of the
Government.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, I do not
rise to enter into a general discussion of the
questions which have been evolved in the prog-
ress of this debate. We have had elaborate
arguments here, references to various author-
ities, technical pleadings, and specious prop-
ositions advanced which are foreign to the
issue before us. I may say hers to my friend
from Nevada that I have not heard of any
Senator proposing that the Government of the
United States should become the general al-
moner of public charity to the people of the
South. I know of no such proposition pend-
ing. There is a bill here under discussion
proposing, to do or not to do certain things.
1 could have wished that this bill was not here.
I ara in favor of its recommitment. 1 regret
that the effort has been made to make the vote
