1308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
grounds. ],do not, for one, believe the doc-
trine that has been stated here this evening, that
this mention of certain limitations which may
not be placed upon his rights does not give to
the Congress of the United States the right to
limit them in other respects. It is clearly an
acknowledgment that the Government may do
that thing. I therefore am opposed to this
amendment as it has been reported, because
it does not meet the views that 1 have espoused
and supported on this subject. It is a contra-
diction of the principle of manhood suffrage.
It does not recognize the spiritual worth of the
individual as his qualification for the enjoyment
of this right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the Senate with the
amendment made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to inquire of the
Chair—I am not sure that I understood aright
the answer which the Chair gave to the Senator
from Nevada—whether, after this vote is taken
and the concurrence takes place in the amend-
ments made in Committee of the Whole, it
will be in order to offer propositions in the
nature of substitutes?
The PRESIDING OFFICER,. The Chair
decided and held that it would be in order.
The amendment made in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reso-
lution is now in the Senate and open to
amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to come to the es-
sence of the matter in hand and use language
that will cover the very object which we all have
in view. I therefore offer the following as a
substitute for the amendment upon which we
have just voted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Let the
amendment be reported from the desk.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the resolution by striking out all after the
words "two thirds of both Houses concur-
ring " and to insert:
Tint the following article bo proposed to the Le-
gislatures of the several States as an amendment to
the Constitution of tlio United States, which, when
ratified by threo fourths of said Legislatures, shall bo
valid as part of the Constitution, namely :
Article XV.
Citizens of the United States of African descent
shall have the same right to vote and to hold office
m States and Territories as other citizens.
Mr. HOWARD. This is the amendment
that I offered on a previous occasion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make the question of
order that it is not in order to strike out the
very words that the' Senate has just voted
should stand as apart of the resolution and to
insert other words.
Mr. DliAKE. The Chair has just decided
that point.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Mich-
igan moves to strike out the very words, into-
iidem verbis the very sentence that we have just
voted should stand. It appears to me that is
not in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chai'r
thinks that as the Senator couples other words
with it as a whole proposition it is in order.
If it were simply to strike out what has been
concurred in the point, would be well taken ;
but as this is coupled with a whole proposition,
in other words, strikes out everything after the
enacting clause, the Chair thinks it,is in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair then decides
thatitisin order to strike outthe words inserted
and to insert other words?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. When
coupled with other words.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The motion is to strike
out all the words that we have agreed to, and
no other words, and to insert other words in
their place.
Ihe PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the proposition to be to strikeout
what has been agreed to, with other words.
W hat has been agreed to has now become
incorporated in the resolution as a part of the
text. •
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
words that the Senator proposes to strike out
that have not been agreed to read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They will
be read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the Clerk read the
words that are to be stricken out.
The Chief Cleek. It is proposed to strike
out the following words :
That thefollowing artiele bo proposed to the Legis-
latures of the several States as an amendment to the
Constitution of the United. States, which, when rati-
ified by three fourths of said Legislatures, shall be
valid as a part of the Constitution, namely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it proposed to strike
out those words?
Mr. HOWARD. I did not move to strike
those words out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then, if
the motion is simply to strike out what has
been agreed to, of course the Chair must rule
that it is not in order. The Chair understood
the Senator to move to strike out all after the
enacting clause.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; my motion was
to introduce that language as a substitute for
this upon which we have just passed, namely :
Th© right of citizens of the United States to vote
and hold office shall not be denied or abridged by
the United States or by any State on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude.
I move my amendment as a substitute for
those words.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the motion
of the Senator from Michigan embraces noth-
ing but what has been agreed to it is not in
order. If it embraces the whole phraseology
after the enacting clause it is in order. The
Chair now understands the Senator to say that
it embraces nothing except what has been
agreed to. Then the Chair rules it to be out
of order. Does the Senator appeal?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMSand Mr. DOOLITTLE, (to
Mr. Howard. ) Move to strike out all after the
word " that."
Mr. HOWARD. I move to strike out all
after the word "that" and to insert what I
sent to the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk
will read the amendment as now proposed.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the resolution by striking out the following
words:
The following article be proposed to the Legis-
latures of the several States as an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States, which, when
ratified by three fourths of said Legislatures, shall
bo valid as a part of the Constitution, namely:
Article XV.
The right of citizens of the United State? to vote
and hold office shall not be denied or abridged by
the United States or by any other State on account
of race, color, or provious condition oi servitude.
And to insert:
The following-article be proposed to the Legisla-
tures of the several States as an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States:
Article XV.
Citizens of the United States of African descent
shall have the same right to vote and to hold office
in States and Territories as other citizens.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I rise to a question
of order again. I submit that is not in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator will state his point of order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is precisely what I
am about to do. It is that this is precisely the
same proposition. The Senator proposes to
strike out certain words and insert those iden-
tical words again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not the
same words.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Substantially the same
words again, and all that part of it is a pre-
amble, mere words of form like the enacting
clause covering the real subject upon which
we have voted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The words
not being identical, it is not i'or the Chair to
say whether the substance is the same; but
as the Chair before ruled, he deems the amend-
ment now in order. The question will be on
the amendment moved by the Senator from
Michigan, unless the Senator from Vermont
appeals.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Mich-
igan offered this amendment the other day, I
believe, in the same words, if I mistake not,
and it was voted down by a large majority.
The Senator from Nevada has just offered as
an amendment the House proposition, which
only received 31 to 27 votes in a full Senate,
this afternoon. Now, sir, if it is designed to
bring about a trial of physical endurance, by a
repetition of these propositions that have been
rejected by the Senate so emphatically, I sup-
pose we can stand it; but it occurs to me that
a fair consideration of this question does not
require that propositions which have been
decidedly rejected shall be presented again
and again for the purpose of exhausting the
Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I would not exhaust the
patience or the endurance of the Senate; that
is the furthest thing from my wish or imagina-
tion. But, sir, I must be allowed to say that on
so grave a subject as this I, for one, desire the
opinion of the Senate upon the amendment
which I have offered. 1 wish t.o hear it dis-
cussed frankly and fairly; and although I may
possibly happen to be the first among the num-
ber who may give out from physical exhaus-
tion, still the proposition itself is none the less
worthy of the consideration of the Senate.
The honorable Senator from Indiana make3
a remark that is not strictly true in point of
fact.- He observed that the proposition which
I now offer was voted down the other day by a
large majority. I do not remember the exact
state of the vote when the question was taken ;
but if I am not entirely at fault in my recollec-
tion the majority against it was very small.
T think the proposition has merit in it, for it
brings the Senate to a direct vote upon the
very subject, upon which we are now legislat-
ing, the very question whether we shall extend
to the colored man throughout the United
States the same right to vote and hold office
that is possessed by other citizens of the Uni-
ted States. I am willing to take the naked
question as it is there presented. I believe
it is the clearest proposition which has been
made, that it more completely exhausts the
ideas of the Senate upon this subject than any
other one which has been presented.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why do you limit it to
that one race?
Mr. HOWARD. I am asked why I limit it
to that one race. The reason is perfectly ob-
vious. 1 limit it to that one race because there
are no complaints as to other races, and there
is no danger whatever that any other race, the
white race or the yellow race, will be deprived
of the privilege of voting and holding office if
they are citizens of the United States. There
is no complaint on that subject, and never haa
been. If the honorable Senator from Vermont
indulges in the chimera that there is danger
that the white race may be excluded from these
privileges, then I can only say that in my
opinion he is indulging and cherishing a mere
chimera. Sir, why not come up to the main
subject in hand and speak of it and vote upon
it precisely as you mean, and not by a circum-
locution and by words without meaning, having
in themselves implications which will raise
questions which no man can answer probably
hereafter, "darken council bywords without
knowledge?" I hope the Senate will come
to a direct vote upon the main proposition
which is before it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not think there is
very much force in the point made by the Sen-
ator from Indiana, for the reason that the Sen-
ate the other day voted in favor of' a proposi-
tion, and to-day they have receded from that
proposition ; so that the Senate has contra-
dicted itself in that respect as to a vote in ref-
erence to this matter; and to-day it has voted
