1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
on this bill a test question. In my judgment
the Senate cannot do it. The legislation of
to-day may be repealed to-morrow. The vote
of to-day may be reversed to-morrow. There
may be enough Senators absent who, if pres-
ent on some future occasion when a bill of a
like character shall come before this body,
may reverse the vote which you give now. I
do not propose to make it a test question.
I imagine that if there had been no other
claims or but few claims of a character similar
to the one now pending we should not have
been favored with these luminous dissertations
on public law ; we should have had no delving
down into the musty pages of Grotius, Vattel,
or Puffendorf to prove that those who were
faithful friends of this Government during all
the years of the war were its public enemies !
Mr. President, with all the high respect I have
for the honorable Senators who have laid down
that proposition and have taxed their distin-
guished abilities to prove its truth, I am com-
pelled to say that I revolt at that proposition.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. THAYER. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. When it is claimed, as it
has been, that the Government is under a legal
liability to pay this claim, I ask if it is not
competent for those who oppose its payment
to submit authorities showing that no such
legal liability exists?
Mr. THAYER. I certainly have not ques-
tioned the right- of the honorable Senators to
do that; not in the slightest. 1 do not question
the propriety of it; but I say that in my judg-
ment those authorities do not bear on this
question. It is a question which addresses
itself to the common judgment and the com-
mon sense of every individual, and is one which
every one is competent to decide for himself.
I do not want Grotius or Puffendorf to tell me
my duty in regard to a simple proposition of
this character. I hold that the man who is
faithful in his obligations to his country through
a civil war, though he may be domiciled in a
rebellious State, stands in the same relation to
this Government as does the citizen of New
York or Oregon. I know no difference; and
when you press me to a vote on that proposi-
tion, however much 1 may regret to differ with
those honorable Senators for whose judgment
I have so much respect, I must follow the dic-
tates of my own conscience regardless of the
question whether it opens the way for a large
draft upon the public Treasury or not. Sir, I
am with those Senators in guarding the public
Treasury. I am as much opposed to opening
the way to it as they are; but that is not the
ground, in my opinion, on which to meet this
case. It is not necessary to lay down the prop-
osition that those who lived in the southern
States and discharged their duty to their coun-
try are enemies. We can meet it on other
grounds. Let us divide the question ; let us
vote on that proposition and then vote on the
other, which is whether the owner of property
taken underthe circumstances which surround
this case is entitled to compensation or not.
I doubt that he is entitled ; and furthermore,
in regard to this case, I have to say I have
serious doubts as to the loyalty of the party;
but I beg of the Senate not to affix the mark
of public reprobation upon the few in the
South who were faithful to the flag of their
country during the trying hours of the war. It
is not necessary that this should be done. To
do it is, in my judgment, the refinement of
cruelty.
There were a few loyal people in the South
during the war. They wei>e few in numbers, I
grant; but there were some who were faithful
among the faithless, who endured such trials,
such sacrifices as no human pen will ever
describe. Do not brand them as the public
enemies of this nation. I have seen them
come forth from the gorges of the mountains,
from the depths of forests, from the caves of
the earth as our flag advanced into that coun-
try, where they had been compelled to live for
six months and for a year, and for two years,
because they refused to be conscripted into the
confederate ranks to fight against the flag of
their country. They lived there thus, fed only
by their wives and children, who would steal to
them in the dead hour of the night. They
endured all these sufferings rather than be
false to their country.
Mr. President, I ask this Senate if we lay
down this proposition and sanction it. now
shall we not be false to them ; shall we not be
false to our national faith and our national
honor ? Sir, if there shall be another rebel-
lion could you blame every man and woman
and child in the South if they joined the flag
of secession if you vote this proposition to be
public law ? I have taken, many a time, the
property of people in the South, and my
quartermasters and commissaries were always
directed to give vouchers conditioned for pay-
ment when the loyalty of the parties should be
conclusively established. That was the uni-
versal practice of our armies, so far as my
observation went, and it was the policy of the
Government.
Mr. Lincoln undertook to organize civil gov-
ernments in Louisiana and Arkansas upon the
basis of one tenth of the people being loyal
there. If there were so many as one tenth
loyal he would organize civil governments.
He held out inducements to them to-remain
there and to be the nucleus around which gov-
ernments could be built up.
Belligerents they were, gentlemen say. I have
always understood that we treated them as bel-
ligerents for the purpose of protecting the lives
of Union soldiers who should fall into their
hands. That I understood to be the reason ;
no other reason. Were they a coequal nation
with which we were contending ? Was that war
like unto a war with a foreign Power? I never
so understood it. But if they were belligerents
why did we not treat with them as belligerents
when the war closed? Why did we not nego-
tiate for terms of peace? Would not that prop-
osition be revolting to my distinguished friend
from Massachusetts or my distinguished friend
from Michigan? If they were belligerents in
every respect why did we demand an uncon-
ditional surrender? Sir, I never treat with
rebels. Some one hundred and eighty-five thou-
sand loyal colored people living in the South
enlisted under our banner and helped to fight
the war through. Were they public enemies?
Forty thousand white people residents of the
South enlisted under our banner and helped
us to fight the battles which finally won the vic-
tory over treason. Were they public enemies?
Sly honorable friend from Kentucky, in the
course of his argument, alluded to the case of
President Johnson to showthatif this doctrine
of loyal people being public enemies because
they were domiciled in the South is true it
would apply to him. I shall not take the ease
of the President as an illustration of my argu-
ment, for the President became a public enemy
after the war was over. But, sir, I will point
you to the case of a distinguished member of
the other House, from Tennessee, Hon. Horace
Maykard. He was living at his home in Knox-
ville when the rebels entered that city. They
took possession of his property and occupied
it. He was driven from his home by the ene-
mies of his country because he refused to recog-
nize them, because he was true to his country.
Was he a public enemy ? The Federal Army
then occupied Knoxville, and taking posses-
sion of it occupied his house and his property.
They burned his fences. They destroyed much
of his property.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, They did
not burn his residence, but they occupied his
property.
Mr. THAYER. Some of his property was
destroyed. He makes no claim here ; but will
you say by a solemn vote of the Senate that he
was a public enemy?
Mr. President, this great Government of
ours never appears in a more favorable aspect
to me than when it stretches out the right hand
of its power to Maine or to California, to Flor-
ida or to "Oregon, or to the most distant quar-
ter of the world, whether upon the1 sea or ote
the land, wherever the American flag floats^
aud lays the mantle Of its protection about-the
humblest of her faithful citizens. England has
much to answer for in her national career,
and much which will redound to her honor;
but, sir, in my judgment, Engknd never
appeared in a nobler aspect tliaB' when she
sent her armies into the fastnesses of Central
Africa to redeem half a dozen British eub-
jects who were held in captivity by a batba^
rous king. Great Britain and Abyssinia were
at "war. Were those captives public enemies
to the British Crown ? -
I trust the vote at least on this portion of
the proposition will not be held to proclaim
any such doctrine. Let us meet this case on
the other question. Let us refer it back to the
committee, or let us rather say we will noti
entertain any claims of this character; but let
us lay down the proposition that a citizen in
South Carolina or Alabama who is faithful to
the flag of his country is entitled to the gam®
protecting care and the game reimbursement
for property destroyed as is the citizen of Mas-
sachusetts, New York, or Connecticut.
Sheridan once said, in the British House of
Commons, when the news reached England of a
great victory achieved by the British arms in a
remote quarter of the world where England wag
waging a war which was not creditable to her.
national renown, "This may be a victory of
which all of you may be glad now, but "of
which I predict that none of you will be proud
hereafter." So I say you may declare by a
solemn vote of the Senate that those who were
true to their Government through the war in
the South were public enemies, hut it will be
a vote to which, in my judgment, none here-
after will recur with pleasure or pride.
Mr. Morton* obtained the floor.
Mr. POMEROY. Will the Senator yield for
a motion for an executive session ?
Mr. WILSON. Ihopenot. Ihopeweshall
finish the bill to-day. I desire to offer an
amendment to it.
Mr. MORTON. I prefer not to yield* I
shall detain the Senate but a very few minutes.
Mr. President, the doctrine maintained by
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ner,] the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Wil-
liams,] the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Frblixghuysen,] and others, may be summed
up in this general proposition : that so far as
all claims against the Government for prop-
erty taken for military purposes are concerned
all loyal men in the rebel States must be con
sidered and treated as public enemies. That
is the general proposition maintained, I be-
lieve, by all those Senators. I endeavored to
meet that proposition the other day by the
other one, that wherever a loyal man living in
the North was entitled to recover for property
taken for military purposes the loyal mail liv-
ing in the South was entitled to recover prop-
erty taken for military purposes under the same
circumstances. I consider that no other rule
can be adopted that will not only work in-
justice but bad faith : and I now call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the question of public
faith that is involved in this controversy.
Mr. President, from the beginning of this
war we did all in our power to encourage the
people of the South to be loyal and to stand by
the Government. Wre promised them protec-
tion for life and property so far as it might be
in our power., What kind of protection did we
promise to accord to them ? I take it, the same
kind of protection that we would accord to a
loyal man living in the North. If it did not
mean that it did not mean anything. We
promised them that they should have the same
sort of protection for life and property if they
would remain loyal and stand by the Govern-
ment that wo would give to the loyal wan
living in a loyal State. What kind of protec-
tion is that to a loyal man in the South where
you take his property upon the same terms and
conditions that you take the property of a rebel?
It is a direct violation of that promise ; it is a
violation of our whole policy to the loyal men
