1869.]
APPENDIX TO-THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133
40tii Cong—3d Sess. Railroad from Washington to New York—Mr. Kerr.
Ho. of Reps.
taxation of their property or otherwise, it can
only be done by gracious permission of the
central Government. The corporation called
the United States Bank was such an instrument,
and the Supreme Court have repeatedly an-
nounced these principles in connection with it,
and have expressly held it beyond the power
of the States to tax it or its property. The lan-
guage of that tribunal, from the pen of Chief
Justice Marshall, presents these propositions
in a most forcible and unmistakable manner.
We will quote a few paragraphs:
" It is of the very essence of supremacy to remove all
obstacles to its action within its own sphere, and so
to modify every powervested in subordinate govern-
ments as to exempt its own operations from their own
influence. This effect need not be stated in terms.
It is so involved in the declaration of supremacy,
so necessarily implied in it that the expression of it
could not m,ike it more certain." * * * *
"AH subjects over which thesoTierei.[jn power of " State
extends arc objects of taxation ; but those over which it
doet not extend arc ujiun the soundest principles ex-
empt J rom tiurution. Thix proposition may almost he
pronounce! *elf-evident." 'z " ' "The sover-
eignty of >i State extends to everything which exists
by its own authority or is introduced by its permis-
sion; but doea it extend to those meaw which are
employed by Congress to eurry'into execution pow-
ers conferred on that body by the people of the Uni-
ted States? We think it demonstrable that it docs
nor." x " We find, then, on just theory,
a total failure of this original right to rax the means
employed by the Government ot the Union for the
execution of its powers. The right never existed,
and the question whether it has been surrendered
cannot arise."—McCttllochvs. The State of Maryland,
4 Wh.aton. 127.
The same doctrines are reaffirmed by the
same court in the subsequent ease of Osborn
vs. United States Bank, (9 Wheaton, 288,) and
in many other cases. They all rest upon the
theory that these corporations, thus created or
endowed by the Federal Government, become
instruments, as it were, in the hands of that
Government, and that to suffer them to be
taxed at all by the States would be equivalent
to allowing them to tax the machinery of the
Government itself, and that if the States had
the power of such taxation they might abuse
it, might, tax such instruments outof existence.
Hence the denial of the power.
In other words, Congress having no power
to create such corporations except in cases
where they are a proper and necessary instru-
ment for the execution of some granted power,
when they are created they at once become
totally exempt from all control, save that
of the creating power ; and to admit that they
were subject to any other control in the import-
ant matter of taxation would be to endanger
their very existence. Because if the States
could tax them at all without the consent of
the General Government they could tax them
as much or as little as they please, and they
might please to impose such burdens upon
them as would wholly defeat their objects.
The States might then discriminate against
them and in favor of their own corporations,
and thus drive them ont of existence. It was
upon such reasoning and arguments the Su-
preme Court held thirty years ago, and has ever
since held, that such • corporations, like the
bonds of the Federal Government, are entirely
exempt from State and municipal taxation.
Now, apply these principles to Federalrail-
road, canal, telegraph, and other corporations.
II the power to create them exists, the power
to control them follows. Then what becomes
of the sacred and boasted rights of the States
to control their internal affairs and commerce,
to raise revenue to pay the expenses of their
government by taxation of all the property of
their citizens, whether individual or corporate?
They have wasted away under the absorbing
power of the central government. Their judi-
cial tribunals are stripped of half their jurisdic-
tion. The great aggregations of wealth in the
States, brought into existence by their efforts,
and often in part by their means, are added to
the great central power to augment its patron-
age and all-pervading influence and endanger j
the liberties of the people and destroy our I
glorious system of government. If Congress
can enact such laws as the one t.o which I have
particularly referred it can, by parity of reason
and under the same authority, enact laws and
charters which will give it absolute and sover-
eign control over all our great works of internal
improvement. It can thus acquire, in like
manner, the like control over a large portion
of the territory of the States without their con-
sent.
• Recognizing these important legal results
touching the taxability of such property, my
colleague has proposed an amendment to his
original bill, in section twelve, declaring that:
" The property and franchises of said corporation
shall be subject to national, State, and municipal
taxation to the same extent and in like rnauncr as
other like property or franchises in the same State
or district."
This declaration is a significant admission
of the truth of my argument on this point.
Is it necessary and proper, under the pretense
of regulating commerce, to incur such vital
results? Does the legitimate regulation of
commerce involve them? Certainly it does
not. The constitutional regulation of ocean
and river commerce neverinvolved them. On
the contrary, it was never attempted by such
regulation to divest the State of its general juris-
diction, both for taxation and police, over
either the instruments or the persons engaged
m such commerce. In other words, it was
never pretended by courts or statesmen that
such commerce could or ever did become a
necessary and proper instrumentality for the
execution of any expressly granted powers
in the Constitu:ion. A mere power of regu-
lation confers no absolute or exclusive juris-
diction over the things or persons to be regu-
lated.
Does the Constitution, in any express pro-
visions, afford a shadow of authority for such
enactments? It says, in section eight of article
one, that Congress shall have power—
"To exercise exclusive legislation in ali cases what-
soever over such district (not exceeding ten miles
sqaare)asmay bycession of particular States and the
acceptance of Congress become the seat of the Gov-
ernment of the United States: and to exercise like
authoi lty over all places purchased by the consent of
the Legislature of the State in which the sarneshallbe,
for the erection of forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-
yards, and other needful buildings."
It appears, therefore, that it is the intention
of the Constitution that the United States shall
acquire no title to or jurisdiction over any por-
tion of the soil of a State without the consent
of the Legislature thereof. And this has been
the practice of the Government ever sinceitsor-
gamzation. It has never attempted, in a single
instance, to do otherwise, except during the
late war, when its acts in this particular were
dictated by an overruling necessity which can
supply no precedent for times of peace. When-
ever the United States has desired to occupy
any part of the soil of a State for court-houses,
navy-yards, or other national purposes, it has
first procured the consent of the State by a
solemn act of State legislation expressly assent-
ing to the purchase and ceding jurisdiction to
the United States over the desired territory.
When it was thought desirable to construct a
highway to connect the waters of the Chesa-
peake and the Ohio Congress would not per-
mit the Cumberland road to be constructed until
the consent thereto of the States of Maryland,
Virginia, and Ohio was expressly granted.
James Monroe, in his great constitutional argu-
ment which accompanied his veto of the Cum-
berland road bill in 1822, held that Congress
has exclusive control over the revenues ot the
Government and may appropriate them to aid
in the construction of internal improvements,
but has no power itself to construct any such
improvements, because to do that involved the
exercise of territorial jurisdiction which be-
longs to the State alone. There is nothing bet-
ter settled in American law than that the right
of eminent-domain is in the States. The right
to control the territory within the several States
belongs to the States alone.
It is true that the United States may become
a purchaser of real estate within a State where
it can do so by mutual ,agreement between
itself and theowner. But, it thereby acquires no
jurisdiction%nd holds title only as any private
citizen would, subject to the laws of the State.
When the United States desires to acquire titles
without the consent, of the individual owners
and by legal proceedings to divest the latter's
title, in every instance in the history of the
Government it. has sought the consent of the
State, and has procured State legislation pre-
scribingamodeof acquisition, or expropriation.
For examples of such legislation see 7 Opin-
ions of Attorneys General, page 573 ; 8 Ibid.,
page 30; Act of Maryland of May 3, 1853 ;
Act of South Carolina of 1854 ; Act of New
York of March 18, 1808. and November 12,
1810.
It has been adjudged that mere ownership
and occupancy by the United States of land
within a State do not oust the jurisdiction of
the State, even where such occupancy is with
the full knowledge and tacit consent of such
State. To do that the purchase must be "with
the consent of the State Legislature." The
factthatthe United States holds land by a title
or reservation anterior to the existence of the
State does not give jurisdiction to the United
States without, the consent of the State or ces-
sion of jurisdiction. (17 Johnson, 225 ; 2
Mason, CO; 7 Opin. Att'ys. Gen. 573.) Con-
gress would not, purchase real estate in Mary-
land on which to erect an aqueduct to supply
the city of Washington with water without the
previous assent of that State and the enact-
ment of a law by its Legislatui-e prescribing
a mode of acquiring title where mutual con-
tracts could not be made. (Act of Maryland of
May 3, 1853.) Indeed, all these questions have
been considered so conclusively settled everj
since the organization of the Government, that-'
in 18-11 Congress declared by a law, which still
remains in full force, that thereafter no public
money should be expended for any site or land
for any public works until the consent of the
Legislature of the State is given to the pur-
chase, and that it should be the duty of the
heads of Departments under whose supervision
any public works are directed by Congress to
be made first to obtain fiom the State cession
of jursdiction over such site or land. (5 United
States Statutes-at-Large, 468.)
But we are told that Congress can create
corporations to build great highways wherever
it pleases, and can take charge of those already
created by the States, and under one pretext
or another divest the States of their original
and unquestionable control over the same, and
of their right to tax them, or to regulate the
manner in which they shall enjoy their fran-
chises, or carry on their business, or answer
for their wrongful acts toward their citizens.
This kind of legislation will inevitably rob the
States and the people of their most precious
and invaluable inheritance—the right of local
self-government. No evil ruler on earth could
devise a more appropriate or cunning plan for
the attainment of such a result.
A brief contemplation of the extent, wonder-
ful growth, and Vast expense of the railroads
alone may afford some aid in an attempt to
appreciate the infinite dangers which would
result from committing them to the control of
the central Government. In the first half of
the year 1830 there were no steam railways in
our country. In 1840 only twenty-one hundred
and sixty-seven miles existed. Now over forty
thousand miles are in complete operation, at
a cost in construction of about two billion
six hundred million dollars. In addition to
this completed extent there are, Uv estimate,
about fourteen thousand miles in process of con-
struction. The commerce and trade which are
! more or less facilitated by this extraordinary
