858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
of. the South from, the beginning of the war.
Why, sir, we have encouraged them by proc-
lamations, we have encouraged them by acts of
Congress, we have encouraged them by the
general orders of the generals of the Army, we
have encouraged them by the very policy men-
tioned by the Senator from Nebraska, that
wherever our officers took property in the
South for military purposes they would give
a voucher for it conditioned for payment upon
the proof of the loyalty of the claimant; and
we thereby, at the time our armies were there,
encouraged the loyal men of the South to stand
by us, by our generals, saying to them in the
form of vouchers, "You shall be paid for this
property if you can prove your loyalty when
the war is over." That was the promise we
made to the loyal men of the South in every
possible form and from day to day. _ Our sol-
emn faith as a nation is pledged on this subject,
and we cannot adopt the policy that has been
advocated upon the floor of the Senate without
compromising and violating that faith.
Why, Mr. President, have we not pledged
this protection to the Union men of the South
in every possible form? Have we not ob-
tained political power upon it? Did we not go
before the people of this country last year and
rehearse the story of their wrongs ? Did we
not appeal to the people, to their hearts as well
as to their heads, when we portrayed to them
the sufferings and the wrongs endured by the
loyal men of the South, how they were plun-
dered of their property, how their lives were
made insecure, how they had spent their days
in imprisonment or in exile? All of these things
we have done, and we have acquired political
power partly in consequence of it. We have
called them friends from the beginning ; we
have built upon their friendship : we are their
friends in every particular until they come to
us with a bill for payment, which a northern
man would receive payment for under pre-
cisely the same circumstances, and when they
come to us with such a claim we tell them,
" We cannot pay you ; we must regard you as
public enemies ; you had the misfortune to
live in a rebel State, and must therefore be
regarded as public enemies." Sir, 1 cannot
find language that I am willing to employ with
which to describe this proposition.
Sir, it is not for the Republican party to
take this ground. Let us leave it to the Dem-
ocratic party. But to their honor be it said
their representatives on this floor have repu-
diated it. If this deed is to be done let it be
left to that other party who have not been the
friends of the Union men throughout the
struggle, whose sympathies were not with
them. Let it not be said that that party which
has claimed to be the protector of loyalty both
North and South, which lias appealed to the
people for the protection of the Union men of
the South, which has excited the sympathy of
the nation by the story of their wrongs, have
as last played false to those same men ; and,
when peace has come, turned upon them coldly
with this old metaphysical doctrine of inter-
national law writers, that they are to be re-
garded as public enemies.
One word further, sir, and I have done. I
stated the proposition a day or two ago that
wherever a northern man would be paid for
property taken for military purposes during
the war, the loyal man of the South whose
property was taken for the same purpose and
under the same circumstances, should also be
paid. The Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Wil-
liams,] in a very able argument yesterday, un-
dertook to answer that proposition ; and I will
ask the Secretary to read the passage in the
Globe that is marked with ink, for it embraces
the only answer that can be made to it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows: j
"When the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] i
propounded a Question yesterday to this effect, ought
not a loyal person in the State of Alabama whose |
property is taken for the purposes of this war to be :
nuivt is; the sumo way as ft person in the State of New ]
> ' vho«o property is taken tor thepurposes of this !
w.u under the .-nine circumstances? It was said that \
the inquiry Mi£',rcsted a conclusive argument in sup- !
port of tbu claim. Now, sir, 1 make this answer: no 1
property could betaken in the State of .New York
during the rebellion for war purposes under the same
eircumstartees as property was taken in the State or
Alabama for such purposes. Tho fallacy lies m the
unfounded assumption that the circumstances at-
tending property in the State of New York were like
the circumstances surrounding property in the State
of Alabama.. Property in the Statoof New York
was under the protection of the Constitution and the
laws of the United States, while property in the State
of Alabama, in consequence of therebellion, was not
under the protection of the Constitution and laws ot
the United States. When, therefore, property m tne
State of New York was taken by the Government tor
the purpose of prosecuting tho war, a legal liability
attached to theGovernmentto pay for that property;
but when property was taken in the State of Alabama,
a State at war with the Federal Government, no such
legal liability attached."
Mr. MORTON. Now, Mr. President, the
reason given in answer to my question is, that
the property of the man that was taken in New
York was under the protection of the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States, but the
property of the loyal man in Alabama was not
under the protection of the Constitution of the
United States. I deny that proposition. It is
at variance with the whole theory upon which
we prosecuted this war. If that proposition is
true, then a large part of our legislation in
regard to the war is false, unfounded, and un-
constitutional. We proceeded upon the theory
that the Constitution and laws should protect
the life and property of every loyal man in this
country wherever he might be found. We
proceeded at the same time upon the theory
that the property and the lives of the rebels
could not be protected, or they could not claim
protection under the Constitution that they
were fighting against and were laboring to over-
throw. Why, sir, the idea that because of a
rebellion on the part of a portion of the people
of the State of Alabama, the protection of the
Constitution was withheld from the loyal men
of that State, has not got a single leg to stand
upon. It has neither authority nor has it rea-
son, but it is in conflict with every proclama-
tion, with every statute, and with every step
that we took to put down that rebellion, from
beginning to end.
Again says the honorable Senator:
"But when property was taken in the State of
Alabama, a State at war with the Federal Govern-
ment, no such legal liability attached."
Are we prepared now to recognize the doc-
trine that the State of Alabama, as a State,
was at war with the Federal Government?
No, sir; never. We did not proceed upon
that theory. When we were told at the begin-
ning of the war that we had no authority t.o
coerce a State we said, " We have nothing to
do with States; we will coerce the rebel people
of that State ; with the State as such we have
nothing to do." If it shall now be recognized
that the State of Alabama, as a State, in her
municipal character was carrying on a war
with us by means of which the loyal men of
that State were deprived of their protection
under the Constitution there are many other
consequences which will follow that doctrine
which we dare not admit. Sir, that doctrine is
heretical. We dare not, we cannot maintain
it without overturning the whole theory upon
which we have put down this rebellion.
Mr. President, in conclusion allow me to say
that so far as this old doctrine of the books is
concerned, though it may be well founded in
reason as applied to the Governmentsandcoun-
tries of the Old World and the times when it
was propounded, we are, in the language of
the lawyers, estopped from setting it up. We
have promised these men from the first to be
their friends, to protect their lives and their
property ; and if we turn around and say, when
we have taken their property, "We are not
bound by that pledge, because you were our
enemies in contemplation of law," we dishonor
and stultify ourselves. As I said before, it is
not for the Republican party, at least, to take
any such abhorrent position.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana whether the act of 1801 pro-
hibitingtrade and intercourse between the rebel
States and all other portions of the United
States was constitutional or not? If it was a
constitutional act, then I ask him whether that
did not superinduce a state of war between the
two sections, and whether the people of those
sections, thus placed by statute ill hostility,
were not, in contemplation of public law, pub-
lic enemies; and whether a Union man at the
South, during the existence of that statute,
could rightfully and lawfully, without a license,
pass from the rebel Statesinto the loyal States?
Mr. MORTON". Certainly not; but what
has that to do with this qupstion?
Mr. HOWARD. I think it has much to do
with it.
Mr. MORTON. What has a regulation of
that kind, which might even have been applied
to a loyal State if it were necessary, to do with
this question ? We might have cut off the trad e
even between loyal States, as an act of war, if
it would contribute to put down the rebellion ;
but what has that got to do with this propo-
sition? If you take the property of a loyal
man for military purposes in New Tork you
are bound to pay him, and you have paid him;
and when you take the same property from a
loyal man in the South, under the same cir-
cumstances, you say you are not bound to pay
him because, in contemplation of law, he was
a public enemy. I say that is in violation of
every pledge, promise, inducement, and under-
standing that we have held out to them fiom
the first, and that we cannot do it without
stultifying ourselves.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
speaks of doing this act "under the same cir-
cumstances" in the two eases. The supposi-
tion is impossible, simply. The law settled
and fixed the character of the two communities
who were engaged in war with each other. If
he denies the validity of the act of 1801, then
I shall not be disposed to contest the point
with him at all. I supposed that that, however,
was settled.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President  
Mr. POMEliOY. Will the Senator yield
for a motion to go into executive session?
Mr. WILSON.' No, sir; I want to finish
this bill to-day.
Mr. POMEliOY. This question will never
terminate.
Mr. WILSON. I shall occupy the floor but
a moment.
Mr. President, two years ago supposing that,
whatever might be the legal condition of the
loyal people of the southern States Congress
would deal with them on principles of equity,
the Committee on Military Atfairs reported a
bill for a commission, or rather ten commis-
sions, to visit the States lately in rebellion and
examine into and report to Congress upon all
the claims of loyal men. No action was taken
by Congress on that matter; but the loyal peo-
ple, or persons claiming to be loyal in the
rebel States, have sent into the quartermas-
ter's department 20,170 claims, amounting to
$10,202,000. A portion of those claims have
been passed upon. Pour hundred and ninety-
six claims, amounting to $313,000, have been
allowed. There was a reduction of $141,000
upon those claims. There have been rejected
1,574 claims, amounting to $2,054,000. There
are 5,304 claims now pending, amounting to
about $6,592,000. There have been 5,386
claims presented to the commissary depart-
mentfor$2,918,000. Eight hundred andforty-
five of those claims, amounting to $249,000,
have been recommended to be paid. Three
thousand five hundred and forty-five claims,
amounting to $2,088,000, have been d isallowed.
So that of the whole number of claims in these
two departments from the rebel States, amount-
ing to over 25,000,-most of them have been
passed upon, and only a very small proportion
allowed—$500,000 against $2,600,000 rejected
in the quartermaster's department, and
about $250,000 allowed, and $2,000,000 re-
jected in the commissary department. Of the
$13,000,000 claimed for quartermaster and
commissary supplies furnished the Army of the
United States, a very small portion has been
allowed; and, t take it, a very small portion
will be allowed. I am told by the officers who
