1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
l&ll
the enactment of these measures, the develop-
ment of those principles, those resources, men-
tal, moral, physical, and political, which shall
elevate you as upon a city on a hill where an
admiring world can gaze upon you and take
example.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I indicated to
the Senate in the remarks which I made the
coarse which I thought it ought to take on the
proposition I had submitted for its consider-
ation. My honorable friend from Delaware ad-
vised roe that I need not indulge any gleam of
hope that such would be the action of the Sen-
ate, and he indicated what would be its action;
but the honorable Senator did not favor us
with his judgment whether the line of action
which I had indicated or that which he ex-
pressed his belief would be the course of the
Senate would be the better action on the sub-
ject. Will my honorable friend tell nie whether
he approves of ray line of policy or of the
line of policy which he thinks the Senate will
t 0 ^
Mr. SAULSBURY. I hope my honorable
fiiend did not suppose I was indicating my
view in reference to the propriety or impro-
priety of his proposition. I was only trying
to remind ray fiiend of what I supposed others
wiser than he and 1 thought on this subject,
and how they would act. As far as I am con-
cerned I shall certainly favor the proposition
of the Senator from Kentucky, but I have not
come to that great degree of knowledge yet
where I have discovered error in the work-
manship of the Almighty.
Mr. DAVIS. I am much obliged for the
judgment which the honorable Senator has
indicated he would render in my favor; and
1 am. also obliged to him for the revelation
which he has made to me of what will be the
conduct of yourself and your associates.
Now, as the honorable Senator has indicated
certain amendments to be made to the Consti-
tution by the dominant party, I will suggest to
him another one to be by him suggested to the
party that are now in power and that are pro-
posing amendments to the Constitution.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I hope my honorable
friend will allow me 
Mr. DAVIS. Let me make my suggestion
first, and then I will hear the Senator with
pleasure. He proposes to do away with all
colors by coming to the common color of blue,
[laughter,] and of all sexes in some mode which
I do not understand. [Renewed laughter.]
Well, now, I would suggest to my honorable
friend that he surmise a more practicable
scheme of amendment to the Constitution in
relation to colors to you. sir, and to your co-
adjutors in Congress; and that is ' * that all dis-
tinctions of race and color shall hereafter cease
by this amendment of the Constitution, be-
cause it shall be the bounden duty of all races
and colors to enter into universal miscegena-
tion." [Laughter.] I do not know that it would
be practical to execute such an amendment of
of the Constitution. I do not know but what
some gentlemen, in their zeal to breakdown
the partitions of race and color which have
existed for six thousand years by the order
of Providence and the God of providence,
would thus break it down if they had it in their
power.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The question is cn^the
amendment moved by the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment moved by the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] as a substi-
tute for the pending proposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let its hear it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan has modified his amendment,
and it will be reported in its present form.
The CurEF Cijerk. It is proposed to strike
ont the following words
j tied fey three fourths of said X*egislature8  shall be
| valid as part of the Constitution, namely.:
j Abticle XV.
! The right of citizens of tho United States to vote
; and hold office shall not be denied or abridged by the
> United States, or by anv State ou account of race,
I color, or previous condition of servitude.
i And in lieu thereof to insert the following:
| That tho following article be proposed to theLegis-
| latures of the several States as an amendment to the
Constitution of tho United States:
j Abticlb XV.
! Ci'izens of the United States of African descent
| shall have the same right to vote and hold office in
; States and Territories as other electors.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, (when his
name was called.) According to a fair inter-
pretation of the agreement between the Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Pool] and myself
I am paired off.
The result was announced—yeas 22, nays 27 :
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Colo, Conkling. Connesss,
Drake, Perry, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Nye, Osborn.
Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Robertson,Spencer, Thayer, Tipton, Warner, \Veieh,
Willey, andWilliams—22.
SATS—Messrs. Bayard.Buekalew. Cattell, Cragin,
Davis, Dixon,Edmunds, Sessenden, IVwler, i'rcling-
huysen, Iiendrtcks, MeCreery, McDonald, Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Rice,
Ross, Saulsbury, Stewart, TrumbuiJ, Van Winkle,
Viekers. Whyte, Wilson, and Yates—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Chandler,
Corbett, Doolit.tie, Grimes. Henderson, Howe, Kel-
logg, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Pool, Sawyer,
Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, andWade—17.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I offer the following
amendment to be added to the resolution :
That the foregoing amendment shall be submitted
for ratification to the Legislatures of the several
i States the most numerous branches of which shall
j be chosen next after the passage of this resolution,
j This amendment is very like the amendment
| proposed by the Senator from Kentucky, ex-
j cept that his proposition was that the entire
■ Legislature should be chosen after the amend-
; ment should be submitted: and the amend-
! ment which I have proposed requires only that
1 the most numerous branch of the Legislature
shall be chosen after the submission of the
amendment. I do not intend to discuss it, for
the reasons in favor of this proposition have
been so fully stated by the Senator from Ken-
tucky that it is not necessary. I think I see a
desire on the part of some Senators that this
amendment shall pass at as early an hour as
possible, so as that it shall be considered by
Legislatures heretofore chosen, and as far as
possible to avoid the consideration of the ques-
tion by the people.
Now, I do not understand that the Constitu-
: tion belongs to the members of Congress and
1 to the members of the Legislatures except as
| they constitute a part of the body of the peo- (
: pie. The form of government that we have
i belongs to all the people of the United States ;
i and when it is materially changed it seems to
i me proper that the will of the people^ should
! be expressed. That political party which pro-
i poses to takeaway from the people themselves
I a voice upon the question of a material amend-
| ment in the form of government cannot claim
j to be in a true sense either Republican or
Democratic. It is essentially aristocratic,
\ because it is claiming to control that by the
1 few which belongs to the many,
j i am not going to repeat the considerations
!; which I think appeal to the honor of the party
j, in the majority upon this question because ot
j; its committal last year. I speak now upop the
r general proposition that when the form ot gov-
il erumeut is changed the people ought to be
j; consulted about it. In regard to this, they have
not had a hearing; their voice has not been
li heard except in particular States; and in those
!| States it has been against it; and we are to
|, witness to-night the spectacle of the voice ot
!' those States being given in favor of a proposx-
1 lion that the people have condemned by large
votes when submitted to them. In the State
' of Ohio, in the State of Kansas, in the State
Tho follbwitix article be proposed to tho Lcsiala- j. MipWan. in the State ot Connecticut, per-
tures of the several States as on amendment to the j. emtaa the auSstiou of
Constitution of the United Sates, which, when rati- ! h*p« tn some other autes, toe quesutra
universal suffrage has been submitted to a pop-
ular vote, and by large majorities has been
condemned. Although in those States, or a*
least in three of those States, the Republican
party is largely in the ascendant, yet when that
question alone was submitted to the people for
their consideration they condemned it. And
yet here six gentlemen will cast the vote of
three States for this amendment though those
States have, by the voices of thousands and
hundreds of thousands of their people, con-
demned it. .
Now, I propose to avoid that by providing
that the people shall be heard. If the people
shall decide wrong on this question, whose
matter is it? It is not ours,'it is their own.
If they make a bad Government itis their own
work; and as to the question whether they
have the right to be heard I apprehend that
no man who calls himself in the true sense a
Democrat or a Republican can question it. At
first I had some doubts on the question, but I
now believe we have the right to submit the
constitutional amendment in this form. It is
a provision that the Legislatures shall consider
it whose popular branch shall be selected by
the people after the passage of this amend-
ment. This amendment will go before the
people, and in the selection of the popular
j branch of the Legislature in each of the States
| they will have an opportunity by the selection
of the members to express their desire upon
this question. Why not? Is there necessity for
haste ? Why, Mr. President, in the matter of
the change of Government there ought not to
be haste. There is no propriety in haste. This
Government has served the people well for a
long series of years without this amendment.
They have been prosperous and powerful with-
out it. Now, is there such haste to incorporate
it into the fundamental law that you cannot
afford to let the people express their desire
upon it?
Mr. COLE. It seems to me that the posi-
tion taken by the distinguished Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Hexdricks] would apply as well
to the Congress that is to present the proposi-
tion to the several States to be acted upon.
They havenotbeen elected, it might be argnedr
for the purpose of presenting this proposition-.
And his argument goes to the extent, it seems
to me, furtherofrequiringthatthepeopleshall
act upon every proposition that may come be-
fore a legislative body in advance of the elec-
tion of that. body. But he does not prescribe
by what rule we shall get at the expression of
the will of the people in their primary capacity.
His objection it seems to me, applies as well
to the Congress that proposes as it does to the
Legislatures that are to vote upon the amend-
ment.
Mr. MORTON. Isubmit.sir,thattheamend-
ment of my colleague is in violation of the
Constitution of the United States. It proposes
to select a Legislature in the future to which
this amendment is to be submitted. If we
have a right to select a Legislature in the future,
we can designate the next Legislature to be
elected or the one to be elected after that.
The Constitution provides that—
"The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses
shall deem it necessary, shall propose^ amendments
to this Constitution, or on the application ot the le-
gislatures of two thirds of the several State, shall eitU
a convention for proposing amendments, which, la
cither ca*e *haH be valid to all intents and purposes
as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the
Legislatures of three fourths cf the several totales.
What Legislatures ? The Legislatures in ex-
istence at the time the amendment is submitted;
not future Legislatures to be elected next year
or two or three years afterward. But what-
ever Legislatures are in existence at the time
the amendment is submitted by Congress they
are the Legislatures who are to pass upon it.
If we have a right to submit an amendment to
be acted upon by the next Legislature after this
or the second Legislature alter this, it might
make very curious work'■ but clearly, under the
language of the Constitution, this amendment
must be submitted to the Legislatures in exist-
ence at the tiiae when the Ainaadaaeot is sao-
