1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3$)
examine these matters that a great number of
them are fraudulent, and that it requires the
most careful examination to detect them.
Some Senators say that if we enter upon the
payment of these claims wo shall entail upon
the Treasury of the United States an expendi-
ture of hundreds of millions of dollars. Why,
sir, even the Senator from Alabama [Mr.
Warner] told us he did not think they would
amount to more than fifty million dollars. The
officers who for three years have had the ex-
amination of the claims that have come in from
these States do not believe that they will
amount to $1-5,000,000. A. large proportion
of theseclaimseomefromTennessee, and lam
told by gentlemen from Tennessee that they
have at least two million dollars of claims in
that State, but I have no idea the loyal claims
will amount to more than ten or twelve million
dollars in the aggregate.
Mr. STEWAHT. I should like to inquire
of the Senator if those presented are only
those for which vouchers were given ?
Mr. WILSON. Some are on vouchers, and
some have no vouchers. They are claims for
quartermasters' and commissary supplies for
the Army. Some are on vouchers and some
are not; but these are all that have been
made for the two great sources, and there is
nothing else left, or scarcely anything, except
it be claims like the present one of Sue Mur-
phey, where the Government took, by order
of military commanders, some_ property for
the use of the Army for fortifications, or some-
thing of that kind.
Now, sir, the law may be one way in this
case ; but I think that it would be sound policy
for the Government to do exact jilstice in the
case ; and I do not believe it will cost this
Government any of these tens of millions of
dollars that have been mentioned, especially
if the claims are thoroughly investigated and
examined. I think that the case we have before
us has no claim here; at any rate, no claim
has been proved; and I take it, it will go back
to the committee ; and I propose, in order to
have a thorough investigation of these claims
of loyal men, to amend the bill by striking
out all the enacting clause and inserting a sub-
stitute which I send to the Chair, and then let
it, go to the committee for consideration. I
ask the Secretary to read the amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out all of the original bill after
tho enacting clause, and to insert in lieu thereof
the following:
That Major General George H. Thomas, Brevet
Major Generals E. R. S. Canby, Oliver 0. Howard,
Montgomery C. Meigs, and Amos B. Eaton be ap-
pointed commissioners to examine and report all
cl aims for quartermasters' stores and subsistence sup-
plios furnished the military forces of the United
States during the late civil war by ioyai persons m
the States lately in rebellion.
Sec. 2. And be it jurther enacted, That the said,
commissioners shall have power to employ the neces-
sary clerks, purchase the requisite stationery, to ad-
vertise, to rent rooms for the transaction of business,
to piovide transportation for clerks, and to incur all
necessary expenses incident to the performance oi
their duties; and said expenses shall be paid by tho
Secretary oi: the Treasury on the requisition and cer-
tificate of said commissioners out of any money m
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said
commissioners shall commence their labors on the
1st day of April, 1869; and the said commissioners
bhail not continue to act longer than two years from
and alter the date of their entry upon their duties
hereby prescribed.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all claims
for quartermasters' stores and subsistence supplies
tarnished by loyal persons in the States lately 111 re-
bellion to the Army of the United States, and all
papers relating to such claims on file in the officesof
the Quartermaster General and Commissary Gen-
eial shall be referred to said commissioners; and it
<?hall be the duty of saidcommissionerstogivepubiic
notice of their readiness to receive such claims, to
hear and determine upon the evidence offered m
support thereof, and of the loyalty of the claimants,
as hereinafter provided, and upon such evidence to
report to Congress what amount, 11 any, should in
such case be allowed; and said reports shall include
a copy of record, accompanied by original proofs ot
loyalty, and the oath provided by the following
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted* That in determin-
ing the loyalty of any claimant under the provisions
of this act, it shall be tho duty of said commissioners
to require in every case satisfactory proof that tho
claimant has faithfully and firmly maintained his or
her adherence and allegiance to the Government of
the United States by defending its cause against the
government and forces of the so-called confederate
States of America in all suitable and practicable
ways, and that the claimant earnestly,continuously,
and openly desired the success of the military forces
of the United States and the establishment of the
authority of the national Government^ And the said
commissioners shall require each claimant to tak«
and subscribe to the following oath as a prerequisite
to the reception and examination of such claim, to
wit; 1, ,do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have
neither sought nor accepted, nor attempted to exer-
cise the functions of any office whatever under any
authority or pretended authority in hostility to the
United States; that I have not yielded support to
any pretended government, authority, power, or con-
stitution within the United States hostile or inimical
thereto; that I have always endeavored to the best
of my ability to uphold the authority of the United
States; that during the late war for the suppression
of the rebellion I openly, earnestly, and continuously
desired the success of the Army and Navy of the
United States and the establishment of their author-
ity over the insurgents; and that I take this oath
without mental reservation or purpose of evasion.
So help me God.
Sec. 6. And he it further enacted. That any person
violating the oath prescribed by the previous section
of' this act shall be liable to the pains and penalties
of willful and corrupt perjury. Any member of the
commission appointed by this act may administer
the said oath or any other oath that may be found
necessary to taking evidence concerning claims to be
examined. And it is hereby made the duty of said
commissioners, or either of them, to cause the arrest
and prosecution before the proper judicial tribunal
of any person or persons, who, in their judgment,
have corruptly taken and subscribed to said oath or
oaths. T
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That no claim
shall be considered unless presented to the commis-
sion within six months from the date of public noticc
of the organization of the same, and no payment of
such claims shall be made until authorized by Con-
gress upon the report of said commissioners as here-
inbefore provided.
Mr. WILSON. I will state that General
Meigs ia his report recommends the appoint-
ment of a commission for this purpose. He
has been engaged for a long time in these exam-
inations and understands the subject thoroughly
and what the country needs. I have selected
General Thomas, General Canby, and^General
Howard, three generals of the Army in whom
the whole nation has great confidence, who can
be trusted, and associated with them General
Meigs, the head of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, and General Eaton, the head of the com-
missary department. I should have full con-
fidence in each one and all of these men being
just to the whole country and just to all loyal
claimants.
Mr. Howe obtained the floor.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the Senator yield to
allow me to make a word or two of reply to the
Senator from Indiana? I will occupy but a few
moments.
Mr. HOWE. I will yield the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I affirmed
a proposition of law yesterday when I had the
honor to address the Senate which the distin-
guished Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
has seen proper to controvert and denounce as
wholly unfounded and unprecedented in the
judicial history of any Country. One reason
which I assigned to show that the circum-
stances of property in the State of New York
were not like the circumstances of property in
the State of Alabama during the late civil war
was that the Constitution and laws of the coun-
try protected the property in the State of New
York and did not protect the property in the
State of Alabama. The Senator affirms that
property ift the State of Alabama was as much
under the protection of the Constitution and
laws of the country as property in any of the
loyal States. 1 should like to hear the Sen-
ator justify his course in the Senate for two
years if it be true that the Constitution ot the
United States was as much in force in the
rebel as it was in the loyal States. How can
he justify the military reconstruction bill.
How can he justify the legislation by Congress
which has assumed to regulate all matters m
the insurrectionary States ? Did not our legis-
lation proceed upon the assumption that those
States had forfeited their rights under the Con-
stitution in consequence of the rebellion, and
that the General Government had .the right,
and could exercise the power, of dictating to
them such laws as it saw proper?
Now, sir, without extending the argument, I
wish to refer to an authority or two upon the
subject which will show that the statement
which I made was not altogether without au-
thority. Chief Justice Chase, in the Miiligan
case, referring to this subject* says;
"The Constitution itself provides for military gov-
ernment as well as for civilgovernment. And wedo
not understand it to be claimed that the civil safe-
guards of the Constitution have application in cases
within the proper sphere of tho former."
Where there is a military government, ac-
cording to this authority, as there confessedly
was in the State of Alabama, for it was under
martial law, then the civil safeguards of the
Constitution do not apply to lite, person, or
property, according to the opinion of the Chief
Justice of the United States.
I refer also to the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States in what are called
the prize cases, in which the position assumed
by the honorable Senator is directly contro-
verted and condemned. The court say in that
decision:
" They contend, also, that insurrection is the act
of individuals and not of a Government or sover-
eignty; that the individuals engaged are subjects of
law; that confiscation of their property can be
effected only under a municipal law; that by tho
law of the land such confiscation cannot takeplaco
without the conviction of the owner of some offence,
and finally that the secession ordinances are nulli-
ties and ineffectual to -release any citizen from his
allegiance to the national Government, and conse-
quently that the Constitution and laws of the United
States are still operative over persons in all the
States for punishment as well as protection.
"This argument rests on the assumption of two
propositions, each of which is without foundation
on the established law of nations. It. assumes that
where a civil war exists, the party belligerent claim-
ing to be sovereign, cannot, for some unknown rea-
son, cxercise the rights of belligerents, although tho
revolutionary party may. Being sovereign, he can
exercise only sovereign rights over the other party.
Tho insurgent may bo kilted on the battle-field or
by tho executioner; his property on land may bo
confiscated under the municipallaw; but tho com-
merce on the ocean, which supplies the rebels with,
means to support the war, cannot be made the sub-
ject of capture under the laws of war, because it is
* unconstitutional!' Now, it is a proposition never
doubted, that the belligerent party who claims to bo
sovereign, may exercise both belligerent and sover-
eign rights, (see 4 0r.f 272.) Treating the other party
as a belligerent and using only the milder modes of
coercion which tho law of nations has introduced
to mitigate tho rigors of war, cannot bo a subject ot
complaint by the party to whom it is accorded as a
gracc, or granted as a necessity. We have shown
that a civil war such as that now waged between the
northern and southern States is properly conducted,
according to the humane regulations of public law
as regards capture on the ocean. ^ . .
" Under tho very peculiar Constitution of this gov-
ernment, although the citizens owe supreme alle-
giance to the Federal Government, they owe also a
qualified allegiance to the State in which they are
domiciled. Their persons and property are subject
to its laws. . . , . , ,, ,
"Hence, in organizing this rebellion they have
actcd as StateseJ aiming to be sovereign over all per-
sons and property within their respective limits and
asserting a right to absolve their citizens trom their
allegiance to the Federal Government. Several ot
these States havo combined to form a new confeder-
acy claiming to be acknowledged by the world as a
sovereign State. Their right to do so is now being
dccidcd by wager of battle. The ports and territory
of each of these States are held in hostility to the
General Government. It is no loose, unorganized
insurrection, having no defined boundary or posses-
sion. It has aboundary marked bylines of bayonets
and which can be crossed only by force. # South ot
this line is enemy's territory because it is claimed
and held in possession by an organized hostile and
belligerent Power. .
" All persons residing within this territory whose
property may be used to increase the revenues of the
hostile power arc in this contest liable to be treated
as enemies, though not foreigners/'—2 Black's It.,
p. 672-073.
Sir, I think" that authority affirms that the
State of Alabama, as a State, was at war with
the Federal Government.
Mr. MOKTON. Will my friend allow me
to ask him one question?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. The Supreme Court there
state that the people of the South claimed as
States, and as several States to do this thing ;
but does the Supreme Court there or any where
else recognize the validity of their action as
Slates, or that it was anything else but a rev-
