1869.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
40tii Coxg....3d Sess.
Railroad from Washington to Neio York—-Mr. Kerr.
Ho. of Reps.
of facilitating the transmission of the mails.
Mails never precede, but always follow, the
opening up of a country and of its highways,
and if they are rude and imperfect at first,' the
demands of the people are relatively few and
simple. As society advances, and population
and intercourse increase, improvements in the
facility and maimer of transportation keep
pace with them. Hence, the General Govern-
ment has hitherto come after, and not gone
before these improvements in the extension of
its mails. Shall it change this policy now,
when the country is everywhere covered with
a net-work of highways and railroads, and the
people and States are everywhere inviting it
to make them "post roads?" Shall it now
enter into the business of constructing rail-
x-oads and canals in order to provide ways
over which to carry its mails? Is it necessary
for it to usurp the control of the railroads and
highways, established and constructed under
the auspices of the States, in order to protect
its postal service ? These railroads and many
other highways are private property.
it was thought necessary by the frarners of
our Constitution to insert an express provision
to enable the United States to exercise abso-
lute jurisdiction over ten miles square for a seat
of Government, and over such places as should
be ceded by the States for forts, arsenals, and
other purposes. It would seem incredible that
such solicitude should have existed about such
inconsiderable spots, and yet that those great
menshould have been willing to confer the power
to constructall kinds ofhighways throughout the
country, with the consequent right to take great
portions of the soil of the States and exercise
exclusive jurisdiction over the same. There
does not now, and never did, and never can,
exist a shadow of necessity or rational pretext
for the inauguration of such asystem. It'inau-
gurated it could not fail, sooner or later, to
prove fatal to the well-being of both Govern-
ments. But even if I concede the existence of
power with the consent of the State through
which it runs to build a highway for a "post
road," which I cannot do, yet it does not follow
that Congress may create great corporations,
with millions of capital, to erect all kinds of
highways in the States for private gain, to be
subject to the exclusive controland jurisdiction
of the United States. It requires a most liberal
charity not to believe that private gain, and not
the interests of the postal service, is the inspir-
ing motive in these measures. The power
asserted in this series of bills to do these things
is wholly unparalleled in the history of our
Government. Why are they attempted now?
Is it not done to subordinate the States more
completely to the powers in this Capitol?
Does the power to regulate commerce "among
the several States" authorize this kind of legis-
lation? It is claimed that it does. This power
has been the subject of frequent and elaborate
discussion in the courts of the country, and it
has received judicial interpretation in many
cases. If the word commerce in this provision
is to receive its largest and most comprehen-
sive signification, then, indeed, the argument
is with the friends of these measures, because
thus defined it embraces nearly all the trans-
actions and intercourse between human beings
in society. But this definition has never been
claimed or approved by any court or intelli-
gent citizen. It has always been held to refer
only to those public and business transactions
and relations which affect the citizens ot dif-
ferent States in their intercourse with each |
other. Many of the laws of a State may affect
commerce in a greater or less degree and yet
not be in conflict with the power of Congress.
Commerce is traffic in intercourse, not rail-
roads, telegraphs, or highways. The regula-
tion of commerce is one thing, and the crea- j
tion of means to facilitate it or call it into
being is an entirely different thing. The regu-
lation of commerce does not require the incor-
poration of companies with vast powers and
franchises. It is to prescribe the rule by which
commerce is to be governed. (9 Wheaton R.,
196.) It has nothing to do with the terms upon
which one person engaged in aiding commerce,
traffic, or intercourse shall cooperate with
another. It has still less to do with the rates
of fares or freights which shall be exacted by
the agents of commerce. Allsuch matters are
proper subjects of private contracts. In the
very nature of things, it is impossible for Con-
gress to regulate such interests as wisely as the
State or citizens may do.
The power to regulate commerce carries with
it no property, but only a grant of jurisdiction
or general legislative authority over certain
subjects. It may be exercised and exhausted
without authorizing any structure to be erected
or laid upon soil of which the United Stales is
not the proprietor, and which belongs to a State
or is the private property of its citizens within
its jurisdiction. It has never been held that
this power even enables Congress to authorize
the taking or occupation of real estate belong-
ing to a State or its private citizens for the pur-
pose of erecting structures thereon to aid in
commercial intercourse with foreign nations.
Its utmost extent would be to regulate the use
of such structures as means of commercial
intercourse after they are erected and have
become capable of use. But it embraces no
power to take private property or the property
of a State for the purpose of promoting such
intercourse or commerce.
This provision giving power to regulate com-
merce among the States was designed to secure
to the States a complete equality in commer-
cial rights. No State has the power by her
laws regulating her internal commerce, or the
transaction of commercial business over her
great public or corporate highways, to impose
restrictions or burdens upon the citizens of one
State which she does not alike impose upon
those of all the States. She cannot discrim-
inate against any State or section, but her laws
and regulations must affect all alike who come
within their operation, and must not violate
the Constitution of the United States.
Over any place within its legislative juris-
diction a State may exercise its police or other
powers or its rights of property without con-
flicting with the power of Congress to regulate
commerce in the same place. The question
in all cases is, whether the power claimed and
exercised by a State produces any such con-
flict. (Ogden vs. Saunders, 9 Wheaton, 1;
Brown vs. Maryland, 12 Wheaton, 419; Pas-
senger Cases, 7 Howard; Cooley vs. Port
Wardens of Philadelphia, 12 Howard, 299;
Smithes. Maryland, 18 Howard, 71.)
In the case of Gibbons vs. Ogden, (9 Wheaton,
18,) Chief Justice Marshall, in speaking of the
right of a State to enforce its inspection laws,
says:
"They form aportion of that immense mass of legis
lation which embraces every tiling within the terri-
tory of-a State not surrendered to the beneral Gov-
ernment—ail which can ho. most advantageously
exercised by the States themselves. Inspection laws,
quarantine laws, health laws of every description, as
well as laws for regulating the internal commerce of
a State, and those which respect turnpike roads,
ferries, &c., are component parts of this mas3.
In many other decisions by the same court
substantially the same language is employed
and the same doctrine held. Thereis believed
to be no opinion in the entire range of State
and Federal decisions which is inconsistent with
the one expressed by Judge Marshall, and
not one of the great statesmen of our country
has ever put on record a contrary opinion. In
that great argument submitted by Mr. Hamil-
ton to President Washington, already referred
to, he, the great leader of the latitudinarian
school of statesmen, denied to the General
Government all authority to make any work
of internal improvement, requiring the appro-
priation by it of any part of the soil or teiritorj
of the States without their consent. Thomas
Jefferson, another of the great sages of the
Republic, seems to have been sadly behind the
learning of this age. He, too, always denied
the existence of any such power, and in a mes-
sage to Congress-recommended the proposal
of a constitutional amendment for the adop-
tion of the States, expressly granting it. Mr.
Madison, too, unsurpassed in wisdom and prac-
tical statesmanship, and the zealous friend of
railroads, canals, and other improvements, was
equally confident that this power did not exist,
and could not be exercised without the aid of
an amendment. Albert Gallatin, scarcely in-
ferior to any in the great qualities of the early
fathers, in his masterly report to Congress iti
1808, reviewing this whole subject, used .the
following language:
*' The manner in which the public moneys may be
applied to such objects remains to be considered.
"It is evident that the UnitedStates cannot,tinder
the Constitution, open any road or canal without the
consent of theState through which such road or canal
must paw. In order, therefore, to remove every im-
pediment to a national nlan of internal improve-
ments, an amendment to the Constitution was sug-
gested by the Executive [referring to Mr. Jefferson]
when the subject was recommended to the consider-
ation of Congress. Until this be obtained, the assent
of the State being necessary for each improvement,
the modifications under which that assent may be
given will necessarily control the manner of applying
the money."
Justice McLean, of whom it is not unjust to
say that he was the foremost of our Federal
judges of his time in the liberal construction
of the powers of Congress, in his opinion in
the Rock Island bridge case, (6 McLean, 524,)
referring to the powers in question, said:
" Under the commercial power Congress may de-
clare what shall constitute an obstruction or nuisance
by a general regulation and provide forits abatement
by indictments or information through the Attorney
General; but neither under this power nor under the
power t ' establish post'roads cart Congress construct a
bridge over navigable water. This belongs to the heal
or State authority within ichich the work is to be done.
But this authority must be so exercised as not mate-
rially to conflict with the paramount power to regu-
late commerce.
" If Congress can construct abridge over a naviga-
ble water under the power to regulate commerce or
to establish post roads, on the same principle it may
make turnpikes or railroads throughout the country.
The latter power has generally been considered as
exhausted in the designation ot roads on whicii the
mails are to be transported, and the former by the
regulation of commerce upon the high seas and upon
our rivers and lakes. If these limitations are to be
departed irom, there can be no others except at the
discretion of Congress."
But it is objected by my colleague, the_ chair-
man of the committee, that this opinion of
Justice McLeau was only his single judgment,
rendered on his own circuit, and never in
terms approved by the Supreme Court I must,
therefore, ask his attention and that of the
House to a more solemn and conclusive judg-
ment of'the Supreme Court, rendered in De-
cember, 1865, and reported in the case_ of
Gil man vs. Philadelphia, 3 Wallace, page 725,
and concurred in by all the present judges ex-
cept Justices Clifford and Davis. The court
say:
" The national Government possesses no powers
but such as have been delegated to it. The btates
have all but such as they have surrendered. £he
power to authorize the buildinn of bridges is not to be
found in the Federal Constitution. It has not been
taken from tho States. It must reside somewhere.
They had it beiore the Constitution was adopted, and
they have it still."
The uniform conduct of the Federal Govern-
ment in reference to bridges has been in com-
plete harmony with these decisions. Congress
has only given in any case the mere assent of
the United States to the erection_ of bridges
over navigable rivers subject to its^ jurisdiction
for the regulation of commerce. The right to
build them within the limits of a State, the
right of way, the authority to use or appro-
priate the soil on which they stand, is always
obtained from the State.
It is a fixed principle in the law of this coun-
try that the soil on the maritime boundaries
of a State, below low-water mark, and lying
within tho territorial limits of the State, ana
