1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS/
mi
reported while, as the Senator from Rhode
Island has just said, a former Senator from
New Hampshire was chairman of the commit-
tee. It passed the Senate, and not a vote was
recorded against it—not carelessly, not in
ignorance on the part of the Senate of what
the bill was, for when the bill was read the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
remarked:
" I do not like the reading of that bill. I wish to
hear ail explanation of it."
I read from the report in the Globe ; then
the debate continued:
"Mr.PojtEEOY. I should like tohear the billread
again. I do not know what it is for. Is it for dam-
ages because our troops encamped on somebody's
farm ?
"Mr. Claek. Not at all. This lady lives at De-
catur, Alabama. Her farm was occupied by out
troops, and it became necessary to fortify the place.
Her house was upon her farm, situated exactly in
the eorncr of the fortification that it was necessary
to erect. She is proved to have been an eminently
loyal person by all those who had acquaintance with
her. Tho Governmentdestroyed her house entirelyi
took it down, and built a fortification right upon it;
it became absolutely necessary to do so for thedefense
of the place.
" Mr. Poheroy. I think this must be a ease about
like the Armes case.
"Mr. Claek. It involves the same principle as
the Armes ease; but here the house was takendown
and a fortification put upon the spot.
" Mr. Pomeboy. Have we passed the Armes bill?
" Mr. Claek. We passed it once, but it stands on
a motion to reconsider.
"Mr. Williams. This was taken by order of the
commanding officer directly.
" Mr. Clakk. There is no question of it.
"Mr. Pomeroy. I will not oppose this, because I
am in favor of the Armes bill.
" Mr. Claek. It is a claim that ought to be paid.
"The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time, and passed."
And it was passed with a full knowledge of
every fact upon which the passage of this bill
has been disputed for weeks at the present
session.
Mr. President, I desire now to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to another ^ report made by
the Committee on Claims which, if I do not
misremember it, had the assent of the Senator
from Vermont, and which had the assent, if
I remember aright, of every member of the
committee as constituted at the last session
of Congress. It was a claim presented on
behalf of L. Merchant & Co., and Peter Rose-
crantz; it was for cotton. They were mer-
chants in Mobile, in the same State of Ala-
bama. They had purchased a quantity of
cotton—I have the report in my hand—they had
it in their possession in Mobile. When that
place was taken by our forces, the rebel officer
in command there undertook to burn all the
cotton in the place; but the remonstrance
made by the citizens was so violent against that
course that he finally told the owners of the
cotton that if they would remove it from the
city they might do so. L. Merchant & Co. and
Rosecrantz removed a large quantity of cotton
up the river and secreted it, as the report says,
in a bayou or creek or something of the sort,
and there it remained until our troops took
possession of Mobile. Then the cotton was
brought down to Mobile; it was taken posses-
sion of by a Treasury agent; it was sent to New
York; it was sold. The House of Represent-
atives passed a bill to pay the money received
for that cotton back to those owners. The
Committee on Claims of the Senate agreed to
that bill; the Senate agreed to it; the bill
became a law •, and I suppose the money has
been paid. That was property owned by per-
sons in Alabama. It was cotton. It was mov-
able property. It was property which our own
Supreme Court says, and which all our history
shows, has constituted so large a share of the
force and of the sinews of the rebellion, and
yet we did not then claim that that was our
property* or that we had any right to capture
and confiscate it.
Mr. PESSBNDBN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask hirn a question'/
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask whether the law
that was passed by Congress early in relation
to that matter, providing that all captured and
abandoned cotton taken possession of by our
agents should be sold by the Government and
that the owners might, within a given tiitie, on
proving their loyalty and proving their right
of property recover the proceeds, did not
take that description of property out of the
general rule? I take it that any Government
has a right by law, even where a legal princi-
ple exists, to vary that principle in .regard to
particular cases. If they varied it in regard
to cotton it would not follow that t.hey changed
it in regard to other kinds of property.
Mr. HOWE. I think the question is entirely
pertinent, and I will reply to it as well as I can.
Unquestionably this right of capture, this right
of confiscation, which is all the right that is
asserted here, is a right which the sovereign
may exercise or may waive. With reference
to cotton, the suggestion of the Senator is that
the Government determined to waive it and
not to exercise it. That is true; but I think
the inference is almost irresistible that when
the Government solemnly decided through it3
legislative -tribunal that it would not capture
or confiscate cotton, it certainly ought to be
concluded that it was the judgment of Congress
that no property belonging to loyal people, to
our friends, should be captured or confiscated.
But I wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ator to another piece of history connected with
this cotton business. The language of that act
was—I quote from memory—that only cotton
abandoned or captured should be disposed of
in the way pointed out by that statute ; that it
should be sold and the proceeds paid into the
Treasury, and those proceeds for two years
after the close of the war should be held sub-
ject to the claim of loyal people. But, I take
it, it is within the knowledge of the Senator
from Maine—it is apart, I think, of the history
of our legislation—that large quantities of cot-
ton and large sums of money in specie, the
proceeds of cotton, were returned to jast such
people as this case presents Sue Murphey to be
upon the ground that it was neither captured
nor abandoned. That cotton and that money
were not disposed of under the terms of that act;
but I think I am authorized to assume that it
was disposed of because it was the deliberate
judgment of those officers of the Government
that were in custody of the cotton and of the
money, that inasmuch as the Legislature had
spoken only in reference to captured and aban-
doned cotton, every other kind of cotton and
every other kind of property were to be disposed
of according to the established laws of the land,
and inasmuch as no law was found authorizing
the Government to reclaim any cotton unless
it was captured or abandoned, all other cotton
should go to the loyal claimant.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
call the attention of the Senator from Wisconsin
to the marked distinction between that case and
the case of Miss Sue Murphey. In that case
the claimants were citizens of Rhode Island,
and the property had been run off into the
country beyond Mobile and without the reach
of our Army ; and upon the fact being made
known to the general in that case of how the
cotton was situated, the parties obtained a
direct promise on the part of the general that
the cotton might be sent back to Mobile and
shipped to New York under the protection of
the United States flag, in consequence of the
loyalty of the parties. Nor do I understand
that the armies of the United States whenever
they took possession of any city confiscated all
the personal property of the citizens, whether
loyal or disloyal. The question arises only in
the case of the use or destruction of property
on the part of the Army.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, the distinction
pointed out or attempted to be pointed out by
the Senator from Vermont, I think, does not
exist in fact; for in point of fact those parties
were not citizens of Rhode Island. Once they
were natives and citizens of Rhode Island, so
the report says, but the language of the report
is this:
"The claimants wero natives and citizens of the
State of Rhode Island previous to the late rebellion,
but doing mercantile business at Mobile, Alabama,
where theFe principal possessions were j and 11> pro-
tect their property until ifcshould be diepofeed of tkey
wero obliged to remain in Mobile after the secession
of the State of Alabama with the so-calied southern
confederacy."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Bat will the
Senator allow me to ask him if the property
was not placed in the hands of the general,
under the direct pledge that it should be taken
to New York aud sold and the proceeds paid
to the claimants?
Mr. HOWE. The report says something
like that; but for the sake of meeting the case
that'my friend wishes to present here I will
admit it says every word of that; and then I
ask the Senator from Vermont, and I ask the
Senator to say what right any one of your offi-
cers had to remit the property of the United
States that was captured ? It was our prop-
erty, says the Senator; it was our property,
says the law, which has been thundered
through this Chamber ever since I was- a
young man, or, in other words, ever since this
debate commenced. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
will remember that it was not captured, but
surrendered, on the distinct pledge of the
general.
Mr. HOWE. But if it was not captured in
fact, upon which question there is great oppor-
tunity for dispute, it was where it ought to
have been captured, and it did come into the
hands of1 our Government, and we surrendered
it; and it was cotton, it was property found in
that part of the United States which, we are
told over and over again, was enemy's terri-
tory, and it was in the hands of men whom we
are told, over and over again, were enemies to
the Government of the United States ; and
yet we paid back the proceeds of that cotton.
The Senator from New Jersey the other day
stated to the Senate a distinction between the
case of Sue Murphey and all these cotton cases,
which, if I remember it, was something like
this: that we paid back the money received for
the cotton, because we had sold the cotton and
got the money into the Treasury ; and we could
better afford to pay that out than we could
afford to pay for this building of Miss Mur-
phey's which we had taken down and which we
had never got a cent for. What then ? Is it the
law of the land that we pay for property we
take or not, according as we may make a good
disposition of it or not? Is it the law of New
Jersey that only property which is converted
to the use of another is paid for when a wise
use is made of the property ? Certainly not.
The Senator from New Jersey does not say
that. Perhaps we can better afford to pay out
money that we have in the Treasury than we
can afford to pay for property that we never
converted into money. But in point of fact I
do not suppose we paid the identical money to
Merchant & Co. that we received for their cot-
ton ; but after all what authority have we for
saying that it was not just as important to have
a fort at Decatur as it is to have cash in the
Treasury ? Is it not as good a disposition, as
wise a disposition to be made of money, to put
it into a fort as to put it into the Treasury?
Mr. EDMUNDS. By the permission of the
Senator from Wisconsin I wish to make a state-
ment for a moment touching the Merchant and
Rosecrantz case at Mobile. The matter was
investigated by a committee, of which I was a
member, before it went to the Committee on
Claims, and I remember the circumstances of
the case perfectly. They have not been fully
stated, and, without making any argument, I
think it right to state them.
Merchant and Rosecrantz were the private
owners of certain cotton in Mobile. It was in
store there. When our Army was threatening
Mobile the confederate authorities gave notice
that all the cotton in store there should be burned
lest it should bo seized by our forces; but they
said that anybody who could get transportation
for his cotton might carry it up the river.
These parties got two tag-boats on which they
loaded their cotton, ostensibly for the purpose
of carrying it up the river into the confederate
lines. They started up the rive? and took tt
