362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
up a -few miles, and then hid it, with the ves-
sels) in a bayou, so that the confederate cot-
ton went by while these people slipped their
little tugs with the cotton onboard out of sight
of them, beyond the lines that existed when
we took Mobile.
When oar forces under General Granger
took possession of the city he wanted these ves-
sels for the purpose of transportation about the
bay. These people told him what the situation
was; that the cotton on board these two tug-
boats was hid some miles up the river. He gave
them a safe conduct to go up with such help as
they could get, and bring down the cotton and
the vessels; and he said in this safe conduct
that they might have their cotton if they would
bring it back, and take it where they pleased.
They did bring it back and gave him the vessels
and put the cotton in warehouse on the shore,
where a great amount of other cotton was stored
which had been taken by our authorities. It
was then shipped to NewYoikby mistake, the
whole body of the cotton in that warehouse
having been shipped together, and then they
made thisclaim. These were the facts on which
the claim arose.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I am obliged
to say that I have not listened to the statement
of the Senator from Vermont. I dare say he
has stated the facts in the case of Merchant &
Co. correctly, more accurately than I have;
but, after all, he has not denied my statement
that that was property found in a State which
we are told was a rebel State, found in a State
which we are told was enemy's territory, and
that it was in the hands of those whom we are
assured were enemies. I was speaking of the
distinction made by the Senator from New Jer-
sey. I wish, now, to call his attention to the
fact that, however much that distinction may
weigh in his mind, it has not controlled the
actiou of tlio committee. That, I think, will
be manifest to him if he recurs to the case of
O. N. Cutler. Cutler asked of us to pay him
for cotton which we never sold, cotton which
lie gathered in the State of Mississippi, near
Vicksburg, cotton which he had in his posses-
sion or his agents had there, cotton which our
quartermasters at Vicksburg sent out and seized
and took possession of, brought into Vicks-
burg, and which they used to pack the boilers
of one of these boats which General Grant
employed to run his scows down by the bat-
teries at Vicksburg.
On its way down the river the boat on which
this cotton was, the Tigress I think she was
called, was sunk by rebel shot. That cotton
we never sold ; the proceeds of that cotton
wore never paid into the Treasury ; yet the
owner of that cotton came before us and asked
to be paid its value. We have reported a bill
to pay him for that cotton, and I think I am
justified iu saying that every member of the
Committee on Claims assented to that report.
There was some discussion about the amount
for which we should present a bill, but, I be-
lieve, not a word of discussion as to the pro-
priety of paying a proper price for it.
And now, Mr. President, I think I may con-
clude that there is nothing in the action of the
Committee on Claims which should prevent the
Senate of the United States from attending
carefully to whatever merits there may be in
this hill, and certainly nothing which should pre-
vent me from supporting the bill if in myjudg-
ment it is proper to be supported upon its merits.
Mr. EDMUNDS. _ With the permission of
the Senator from Wisconsin, I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thcrsday, January 14, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
BRIBGli AT I'HIIiADELPUIA.
On motion of Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous
consent, the Committee 011 Commerce was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 1559) giving the consent of the
United States to the erection of a bridge across
the Delaware river between Philadelphia and
Camden ; and the same was referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
NIAGARA SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I call for
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. When the House ad-
journed last evening it was understood that the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Van Horn]
should be entitled to the floor when the House
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1212) to provide for the construction of a
ship-canal around the Falls of Niagara. By an
order made by the House it is made the special
order after the morning hour each day until
disposed of, but by a further order of the House
last evening the gentleman is now entitled to
the floor.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to postpone the bill
till after the morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Van
Horn] yielding the floor for that motion.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I suppose it
is competent for the House to postpone the bill.
Mr. V '.N HORN, of New York. I do not
object, provided my rights are preserved.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I objectto
the gentleman having the floor after the morn-
ing hour, and I give notice that unless his bill
is disposed of to-day I shall move to post-
pone it.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I suppose
the House can regulate its own business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose
it can without the interference of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. Yes, or
the gentleman from Illinois. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. If the bill is postponed
when the morning hour expires the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Van Horn] will be rec-
ognized as entitled to the floor under the usage.
On the motion to postpone until after the
morning hour, there were—ayes 53, noes 18; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Wisdom,
and Wasiibcrne of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 72, noes 40.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the bill on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
under what parliamentary rule the gentleman
can make that motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. The motion
now being to postpone, a motion to lay on the
table is in order.
The SPEAKER. The vote has not been
declared on the motion to postpone. The gen-
tleman cannot make a motion to lay on the table
while the House is taking a vote on the pend-
ing motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I demand
the yeas and nays on the motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were not o.rdered.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the motion to
postpone was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. The gen-
tleman has not the floor to make that motion.
I propose to state my reasons for the motion I
have made.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to ask, as a point of
order, whether my colleague is entitled to make
that motion.
The SPEAKER. He is; by the rules any
gentleman can move to reconsider when the
vote has not been taken by yeas and nays; but
the motion to reconsider, a motion to postpone
to a day certain, the Digest states admits of
very limited debate. It does not extend to the
merits of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Very well.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule on the subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The motion to postpone to a day certain under tho
practice admits of but a very limited debate, but on
a motion to postpone indefinitely the whole question
is open to debate."
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
is governed by the same principles as apply to
the original motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe
that I understand the rule, and I will try and
confine myself to it. In the first place, I desire
to have the bill read in order to show what it is,
and to enable the House to determine whether
it is not important to act upon it without this
postponement until after the morning hour.
I propose to show what the provisions of the
bill are, and how important it is considered by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Van
Horn,] who has charge ofit, that it should pass.
And I am surprised that a gentleman being
upon the floor on such an important bill as this
should consent to its postponement until after
the morning hour, which will probably lead to
its indefinite postponement to-morrow ; I hope
it will, at least. I will ask that the various
provisions of the bill may be read in order to
show how important it is that there shall be
immediate action upon the bill.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I rise to a
point of order. I submit that upon the motion
now made it is not in order to call for the
reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. It is not in order on this
motion to demand the reading of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Well, Mr.
Speaker, I certainly do not want to antagonize
myself with the Speaker on a point of order.
The SPEAKER. It is the privilege of every
member, however, to antagonize the Speaker
on points of order. He decides according to
the rules and the Digest, subject to revision
by the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, it
would also be the privilege of a member who
antagonized the Speaker to come off second
best. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. That would be for the
majority of the House to determine.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope my colleague will
go on with his speech.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am very
glad my colleague is so anxious to hear me.
What I desired to say was this: that I think
it somewhat extraordinary, when the House
is acting upon a motion to postpone a meas-
ure, that they cannot know what that meas-
ure is. I supposed that I should have the
privilege under the rules of the House of stat-
ing what the nature of the measure is that it is
proposed to postpone, in order that the mem-
bers of the House may determine whether or
not it is proper to postpone it. Hence I de-
sired to call attention to the provisions of the
bill; I desired to show that it is right and
proper that we should dispose of this matter
at the earliest practicable moment, andthatthe
people should know whether or not this large
amount which the bill proposes to appropriate
is to be made a charge upon the Government.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I rise to a
point of order. The gentleman from Illinois,
without taking an appeal from .the decision of
the Chair, is yet arguing the question which
the Chair has already decided. My point of
order is that the gentleman has not a right, on
a motion to postpone for one hour the consid-
eration of this bill, to go into a discussion of
the merits of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
jjoiut of order, which is sustained by the extract
from the Digest which the Clerk has just read.
A motion to postpone indefinitely brings up
the merits of the question, and therefore it
would be in order to call for the reading of the
bill at that time. A motion to postpone to a
day certain is a mere temporary laying aside of
the bill, and all Speakers—and tho gentleman
from Illinois, as the senior member of the
