1314
IKS" CONGRESSIONAL ©LOSE.
February; 17,
appeal to the friends of the measure now not
to discuss it Unless it is absolutely necessary
for them to do so. I believe we understand it,
and we had better do some voting.
" Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President,- that
appeal was not made tome, [laughter;] not
that I do not sympathize with a part of it; for
I should like to see some voting done here
myself, but it is proper that I should make one
or two suggestions in reply to the eloquent
[Senator from Illinois. He has referred to the
feet that "some of us will close our connection
with this body on the 4th of March. • Sir, I
contemplate that event, so far as I am individ-
ually concerned, without any fear or trouble.
I expei ienee, however, one pleasure. I shall
leave this body, I know for myself, with cordial
and kind feelings toward all its members, and
I hope thai I enjoy the same feeling from every
Senator'toward me. That is all 1 have to say
about the fact that I am to retire from this
august body..
But, sir, when a Senator boasts in this body
of his success and the success of his party in
connection with this particular measure hshould
think he would do it with a slight blush upon
his cheek. It calls to mind that less than a
year ago he did not dare to say to the people
of' Illinois, that my colleague did not dare to
say to the men of Indiana, '• We-intend to strip
you of the control of suffrage within these in-
dependent Statesbut on the contrary you
did say, as emphatically as you could tell the
people of Indiana anything, that to them prop-
erly belonged the control of the question. Hav-
ing carried an eleccion upon that proposition
you attempt now to force negro suffrage upon
them withoutallovving the voice of the people to
be heard upon it at all. I think, I merely suggest
it to the Senator, that if I were he I would allow
it to pass without a boast, for it is not a thing
that man can boast of. Political power, high
office attained by dealing frankly with the peo-
ple is an honor, but attained by deceiving the
masses of the people that trust and confide in
you is not a thing to be boasted of. You told
the people that in the southern States suffrage
ought to be given to the negroes by the power of
the Federal Government, but that in the loyal
States it was not so; that on the contrary it be-
longed to the people of those States. Upon that
doctrine you earned the election that you boast
of now; and not only the States whose Senators
are instructed, like the distinguished President
oH-his body, by the vote of their people against
this suffrage, but the other Stales are to go for
it; and not, stopping there, you are to throw it
upon Legislatures that were elected when you
told the people the question was not to go be-
fore them.
_ If iherebe any doubt about this constitu-
tional provision, let the doubt be construed and
let it go in favor of the people. I think we
have the power under the general clause which
has been read to say that this amendment shall
be considered by Legislatures hereafter to be
chosen. If Senators doubt upon that question
let the doubt be resolved in favor of the people,
not in favor of the aristocratic idea that the
members of Congress and the legislators in the
States control questions like this. I know how
it is; it is now just as it was a year ago ; you
are not willing that the question shall go to the
people ; you know that they will vote you
down; you know that they do not want it; yon
know that the large body of the people do not
want it; and you want to force it under circum-
stances thattheirvoice, which in America ought
to be^ potential, shall not be heard upon it.
That is the plain fact about this matter. You
do not intend them to be heard. You do not
care for their will. You care for your own
purposes. What are they? They have been
intimated ; they are well understood—to throw
a political power in favor of your party that you
do not now possess, to secure a vote that the
people will not give to you. Therefore you
want Legislatures already selected to act upon
this proposition, when you told the people at
the time they were selecting these very Legis-
latures that the question of suffrage fhould re- I
maia with the people of the States; If there
is anything to boast of about that, Senators can
boast of it. When- the Democratic party suc-
ceeds I want it to succeed after a fair statement
tothe people. If the people do not sustain
their views upon a fair and clear statement of
the purposes they entertain, defeat brings no.
mortification ; but if defeat should follow an
attempt to deceive the people, there-would be
mortification, and success following a deception
of the people in America is not to be boasted of.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I do not rise
to make any formal reply-to what the Senator
has said. I do-not. think he has touched the
point. I wish simply to correct him as to a
matter of fact. I know not what the issues
were in his State, but I know that so far-as my
own State was concerned, and so far as my Own
action was concerned, I did' not make a speech
in the State, nor have I made a political speech
since the 4th day of July, 18G5, in which 1 have
not declared myself unreservedly, without any
disguise, before the people for universal suf-
frage—not impartial suffrage, or educational
suffrage, or property suffrage, but for univer-
sal-suffrage, in every section of the country,
North as well as South, East as well as West.
The honorable Senator himself knows and
remembers well—for he put perplexing ques-
tions to me at the time—that I introduced a
bill in 1860, the first bill ever introduced into
the Senate of the United States, declaring
suffrage by congressional enactment in every
section of the country. Does not the Senator
remember that? So far as my action is con-
cerned, therefore, I have gone before the peo-
ple with no disguises, no deception in this
regard.
When I was up before I only meant to say
that while the Senator with such siren tones
descanted upon the evils, upon the dangerous
consequences that were to accrue to the Repub-
lican party from its action, and threatened us
with the indignation of an outraged people,
and while we have heard that same song for
the last ten or fifteen years, the only result is
that Indiana and Pennsylvania and Wiscon-
sin and Connecticut came up leaving us minus
four of the most distinguished and honor-
able and respected statesmen ot this country in
the Senate, and men for whom I have person-
ally, I will say, a very profound respect. I
did not refer to them with any personal feel-
ing or view, but simply to show that notwith-
standing these predictions the people are
not so blind as the Senator would intimate;
for they must be very blind, indeed, exceed-
ingly blind, if for year after year, month after
month, and day after day this Republican party
can commit such horrid outrages upon the
interests of the people, can so defy the peo-
ple, can impose the suffrage of this down-
trodden race upon the people against their
will, and still their majorities increase, still
the Senate becomes almost too numerous to
manage with Republicans, still the other side
of the Chamber decreases in numbers, still
we elect, our Presidents, still we reconstruct
the Government, we bring in the southern
States upon our own plan, we raise the ban-
ner of freedom ar.d liberty and carry it over
the land. 1 suggested this, hoping that the
honorable Senator would rememberthat as his
predictions had always failed heretofore he
might be liable to a slight mistake now as to
the future.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I had
done myself the justice to observe the course
of the distinguished Senator from Illinois. I
had known of his consistency from the time that
I had the pleasure of serving in the House of
Representatives with him. But, sir, although
his speeches were very able and very eloquent,
still I had not supposed that they were more
controlling in declaring and shaping the policy
of the Republican party than the Chicago plat-
form of last year. While I concede great force
to his speeches, to his positions, to his intro-
duction of bills in Congress, and all that, still
when I found that the Republican party at Chi-
cago assembled through its delegates in one of
the greatest. conventions- the party has ever
held, in express words said that this question
properly belonged to the people of the States
in the loyal States, I thought that that perhaps
was adeclaration of party, views of greater dig-
nity than even the speeches of the distinguished
Senator. Therefore I thought it right to call
the- attention of Senators to the fact and ask
them whether, after carrying an election upon
such a platform, they would deny to the people
a voice upon, this material change of the form
of government.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I call for
the reading of the.fourth!rule audits enforce-
ment.
ThePRESIDING-OFFJCER. The rule will
fo@ F©3>ci
- The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"4. No Senator shall speak more than twice, in
any one debate.,toil the same day, without leave of
the Senate, which question a hall be decided without
debate."
Mr. DRAKE. " I will inquire whether the
Senator from Nevada had that rule'read with
reference to its application to himself? [Laugh-
ter. ]
Several Senators. "Question!" "Ques-
tion ! "
The. PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion before the Senate is upon the amendment
moved by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Hesdripks.J
Mr. BUCKALEW called for the yeas and
nays ; and they were ordered. .
Mr. FRELING-HUYSEN. Before the vote
is taken I desire to say that'my eolieague'[Mr.
Cattell] has paired in consequence of sick-
ness.
Mr. YATES. I am paired with the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle.]
The question bejng taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 40; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs, Bayard, Bucfealew, Davis, Dixon,
Fowler, Hendricks; MeCreery, Norton.'Patterson of
Tennessee, Sautsbury, Viokers, and Whyte—12.
HAYS—Messrs.Abbott, Cameron, Cole, Colliding,
Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Frelinphuysen, Ilar-
lan, Harris, Howard, Howe,Kellogfr, McDonald, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pom-
eroy, Pool, Ramsey. Iliee, Robertson, Ross, lawyer,
Spencer, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Van Winkle,
Wade, Warner, Wclch, Wiiley, Williams, and Wil-
son—40.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell. Chandler
Conness, Corbott, Doolittle, Fessendon, Grimes,Hen-
derson, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull, and
Yates—14.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DIXON. I now offer the same amend-
ment which I proposed before, when the other
resolution was pending, to strike out the word
" Legislatures," in the places where it occurs,
and insert "conventions." I shall say but a
word upon this amendment.
The Constitution provides that amendments
to the fundamental law proposed by Congress
may be submitted for ratification, and shall be
valid when ratified by the Legislatures of three
fourths of the several States or by conventions
in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other
mode of ratification may be proposed by the
Congress. Heretofore when amendments have
been submitted they have been proposed tothe
Legislatures of the- States, and the amend-
ments which have been made aro only the first
eleven, which were submitted all at one time ;
afterward the twelfth, with regard to the choice
of electors for President and Vice President;
and then the thirteenth article, which related
to slavery ; and the fourteenth, wnich related
to the question "of reconstruction. In all these
cases the Legislatures were chosen as the rati-
fying power, but it will be observed that in
every one of those instances, except the two
last, and especially in the first instance, when
eleven amendments were submitted together,
the propositions were limitations on the pow-
ers of Congress, not on the powers of the States
or of the people. There was in provision in
those amendments to limit in any way the pow-
ers of the States ; and, in fact, in the case of
the Mayor of Baltimore vs. McConnell, re-
ported, I think, in 7 Peters, it was decided by
Chief Justice Taney that those amendments
