18G9.]_
40th Coxg....ou Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1.%
IIow to Resume Specie Payments—Mr. Julian.
Ho. of Reps.
the richest lands in the nation, are placed en-
tirely beyond the power of our pioneer settlers.
To the homestead claimant and preemptor they
are unknown, or known only to their sorrow
and disappointment. The landless and labor-
ing poor of the Republic, who do their full
share in fighting its battles in war, must pay
to organized avarice just such a tariff as it may
see fit to exact for the privilege of cultivating
the earth and adding to the national wealth.
The Northern Pacific railway alone has a grant
forty miles wide, extending from the head of
Lake Superior to the Pacific ocean, and con-
taining forty-seven millions of acres. It is just
about equal in ex tent to the five States of Penn-
sylvania, New Jersey, Connecticut, Massachu-
setts, and New Hampshire, while the total
grants made to all our various roads and for
other works of internal-improvementsare nearly
equal to the entire area of the thirteen original
colonies of the United States.
Sir, will any gentleman on this floor defend
this national havoc and spoliation? Have we,
as the representatives of the people, the right
to commit to the tender mercies of monopolists
territory enough for a score of principalities
and kingdoms? When the nation is groaning
under an immense debt can we afford to slam
the door in the faces of foreign immigrants and
our own people who are seeking homes 011 our
vacant lands, and anxious to coin their labor
into national wealth? Mr. Chairman, these
are very practical and vital questions, and every
passing day gives to them an added interest.
Kaiiway extension has become a passion with
our men of capital and enterprise, and the
demand for land grants meets us now ill every
quarter, at every turn, and is pressed with un-
paralleled zeal. There are now pending in this
Congress at least fifty bilis, asking grants of
land for railroads, wagon-roads, and canals,
and covering an area of more than two hun-
dred millions of acres. The southern States, so
long excluded from any share in these grants,
are doing their utmost to make np for Jost time.
Scores of new bills are sometimes presented
and referred in a single day ; and judging from
the signs of the times, the contagion which has
seized Congress, and which threatens the coun-
try with general disaster, has only fairly begun.
The remedy. Mr. Chairman, is at hand, and
is perfectly .simple and easy. Let Congress
provide that all future grants of lands in aid
ot railroads shall be made on the condition,
expressed ill the act making the grants, that
they shall be sold to actual settlers only, in
quantities not greater than one quarter sec-
tion, and for a price not exceeding a fixed
maximum. This will effectually destroy the
monopoly which else would exist, and while
tarnishing immediate aid in building the roads
will settle and improve the country along their
lines, and thus create a local business for their
benefit. Kueli a land-grant policy can hon-
estly be defended, because it harmonizes the
interest of these enterprises with the settle-
ment of the country : ami it seems unaccount-
able that this should nut have been seen from
the beginning, A bill embodying this reform
passed this House at the la.st session, and 1
regret, exceedingly, that it sleeps sweetly in the
complacent embrace of tiie chairman of the
Land Committee of the Senate, and that by its
side reposes another bill, passed by this House
about a jear ago. opening to homestead settle-
ment nearly tire million aeies of land in the
southern States which for years have been
'"id iiji 111 the hands of rebel corporations,
while the homeless poor ot those States have
longed to occupy and improve them.
Mr. Chairman, the relorm of our policy
respecting Indian reservations would remove a
further and very seiious obstacle to productive
wealth. Within the past seven years this policy
has been thoroughly revolutionized. Up to
the year ItftSO, when any Indian tribe saw fit to
relinquish the right to its lands, the uniform
practice of the Government was to provide by
treaty for the conveyance of their lands directly
to the United States, and they thenceforward
became subject to the control and management
of Congress, as all other public lands. This
was not only the true policy, but it was en-
joined by the Constitution in the authority
given to Congress "to make all needful rules
and regulations respecting the territory or other
property of the United States." The Indians
have simply a right of occupancy in their reser-
vations, the title being in the United States;
and the treaty-making power is not competent
to change the land policy prescribed by Con-
gress, but is itself bound by that policy.
The departure from this principle began in
1861, and has been persisted in ever since.
One of the most notable examples of this new
dispensation was the late treaty with the Cher-
okee Indians, by which eight hundred thou-
sand acres were authorized to be sold in a body
to a single purchaser, at the rate of one dollar
per acre, thus completely withdrawing what
would otherwise have been a part of the public
domain from the control of Congress. The
Indians desired to sell to the Government, but
were not allowed to do so; and the settlers on
the land of course desired to adjust their claims
with the United States, instead of the monopo-
lists who bought it. It was a disgraceful trans-
action, and cannot stand. Another treaty,
made with the Great and Little Osage Indians,
authorized the disposition of over three mil-
lions of acres, in contravention of the home-
stead and preemption laws, in derogation of
the authority of Congress, and without excuse.
Similar treaties have been made with the
Sac and Foxes, the Delaware, the Kickapoo.
and sundry other tribes, by which vast bodies
of lands which should have been conveyed
directly to the United States have passed into
the hands of railroad corporations, or individ-
ual monopolists; the treaties in these cases
providing for the location and building of im-
portant lines of railroads in connection with
these operations in real estate, as if Congress
had in fact abdicated its interest in this branch
of legislation in favor of the Senate and the
savages. By far the most remarkable of all
these transactions is the last Osage treaty, now
pending in the Senate. It provides for the
sale of a body of land in Kansas fifty miles
wide and two hundred and fifty miles long, con-
taining, consequently, twelve thousand five
hundred square miles, oreight millionsof acres,
which, divided by one hundred and sixty, will
give an aggregate of fifty thousand homesteads
of one hundred and sixty acres each; and
allowing every head of a family to represent
an average of five persons, it would sustain a
population of two hundred and fifty thousand.
The territory is nearly large enough to carve
out of it three such States as Massachusetts,
Connecticut, and Delaware.
And yet the whole of this domain is con-
veyed by the treaty to a single railroad corpo-
ration in Kansas, in utter disregard of the
rights of the buna fide settlers on it, in defiance
of the authority of Congress over our Indian
reservations, the moment the right of occu-
pancy is relinquished, and in shameless disre-
gard of the equal rights of other railroad cor-
porations, to the aid of the Government. All
this land is sold to this corporation at nineteen
cents per acre, on a credit of fifteen years,
payable in equal annual installments, and in
the bonds of the company; and without any
reservation to the State of the sixteenth and
thirty sixth sections for educational purposes.
To complete this picture it should be added,
that this land is among the very finest in the
State, and is probably worth at least ten mil-
lions of dollars. This beautiful and celestial
performance—the blessed progeny of a meretri-
cious union of railroad rapacity with a thieving
Indian commission appointed bv Andrew John-
son—is now before the Senate for ratification ;
and judging from the past, and considering the
suspicious cover of darkness under which the
Senate acts in such cases, it will be ratified.
If so, the consolation will be that the act, hav-
ing no warrant in the Constitution, will have
no binding force. Like the Cherokee and
kindred treaties, it will be pronounced void,
whenever the question shall be fairly submitted
to the Federal courts.
But the policy of these treaties should be
reversed at once, and thus avert further and
interminable litigation and trouble hereafter.
This Rouse lias already passed a joint resolu-
tion denying their validity, and directing that
hereafter no patents shall be issued by the
President to purchasers of lands in sueh cases
without first being authorized by law. I sin-
cerely hope the Senate will concur in this
action, and thus restore the ancient policy of
the Government and the rightful authority of
Congress. No man can defend our past action
in thus joining hands with monopolists in
squandering our great national patrimony, and
conspiring against the productive industry of
the nation. Our finances, of course, are deeply
involved in this question. We have treaty
stipulations with about one hundred and fifty
Indian tribes; and the aggregate of their lands,
according to official statements furnished me
by the Commissioner, of Indian Affairs, is one
hundred and ninety-one million seven hundred
and (ifty-five thousand two hundred and four
acres : being just about equal in extent to
the lands granted in aid of railroads. The
whole of this immense domain is threatened
by the frightful policy now in full blast, and
must succumb to the baleful power of rail-
road corporations and land robbers if Congress
shall tamely permit it. If we are ready for this
wemayaswell abolish ourGeneralLand Office,
with the corresponding committees of Congress,
at once, surrendering their functions to the
Indian Bureau and itsallies; and thus entertain
the world with the spectacle of total depravity
finally triumphant in an "Indian ring," strag-
gling no longer against obstacles for ascend-
ency, but in the perfect amplitude of its dominion
and the full blaze of its glory. Sir, let us insist
upon it that just so fast as our Indian lands
shall hereafter be disencumbered of the possess-
ory title by which they are now held, they shall
be conveyed to the United States, and fall un-
der the operation of our preemption and home-
stead laws ; and that the President and Senate
have no more power to build railroads and
make land grants than has the judiciary to
enact laws.
Mr. Chairman, in addition to the legislative
reforms I have now mentioned, looking to the
increase of production and the resulting im-
provement of our finances, the nation needs a
policy that would more effectually develop our
wonderful mineral resources, and thus augment
the quantity of our precious metals. This is
absolutely necessary to an early return to
specie payments; and I have no faith in any
financial theory which does not look to gold
and silver as the true medium of exchange and
standard of value. This is one of the questions
which have been settled by the civilized and
commercial world, and therefore I need not
debate it. I believe a return to payments in
eoiti is a necessity, and an increase in the pro-
duct of it must, of course, speed the time when
it can be done safely. The increase in our
productive wealth, at the lowest estimate, is
oue hundred million dollars annually, while
our product of gold and silver is actually on
the decline. The disproportion ot these metals
to other values and to our commercial wants,
already startling, is thus in fact increasing.
How shall this disproportion be reduced ? I
believe it may be done, to, some extent, by re-
constructing our legislation on the subject ot
our mineral lands. 1 allude particularly to
the clumsy and ill-considered act of Juiy-C,
186t>, which was hurried through Congress
under the false title of "An act granting the
right of way to ditch and canal owners over
the public lands in the States of California,
