1316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
other House or a member of this body commits
himself absolutely and in all senses to the_ wis-
dom and propriety of a proposed^ constitutional
amendment by voting to submit it to the States
of the Union. On the contrary, I can under-
stand that in many a case, there being an ade-
quate motive, a public demand, a general ex-
pectation, or some other consideration leading
to it, two thirds of-both Houses might vote to
submit to the people the ratification or rejec-
tion of a constitutional amendment, when, if
you please, for illustration, a large partof those
composing those several two thirds would not
themselves advise its ratification or aet in favor
of its ratification ultimately. I make that re-
mark in answer to a vast deal that I have heard
said by Senators touching this subject
And now the proposition is to submit to the
States, to their option, in theory, unrestrained,
unfettered, the question whether they will
amend the Constitution in a given respect or
not. In this instance the amendment pro-
posed, as I say, is to put upon an equality
with Saxon men men of African descent. That
is what we mean. That is what some Senators
see an objection to saying, although we mean it.
Now, Mr. President, for one moment I beg
Senators to consider whether the proposition
from the Judiciary Committee if it were rati-
fied, if it were imbedded in the Constitution
to-morrow, would effect the purpose which
alone justifies all this discussion? Let us see.
I have not the proposition before me, but in
substance itisthat. no citizen shall bo excluded
from the right to vote or hold ollice on account
of race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude. Upon the interpretation of everybody
a man may bo excluded for any other reason,
may ho not? Let us see what other obvious
reasons, if they exist, would exclude the very
class of which we are- speaking. I take now
for my use a historical illustration, a mode of
ovasion which history furnishos us. Suppose
the State of Georgia enacts that disingenuous-
ness of birth—I borrow an expression from
the jurisprudence of another country—shall
disqualify from voting and holding office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Please translate that ex-
pression. I do not understand it.
Mr. CONKLING. In theory of law, as in
fact, disingenuousness of birth exists in the
case ol'tho whole body of southern slaves, and
why? Because, being degraded, being denied
so many other things, they were denied also
those customs and that condition which estab-
lished and sanctioned marriage; and therefore,
us a race, tho objection that the present gen-
eration were themselves bastards would shut
out. the great body of tho race. Ara I wrong
in that? To some extent, no doubt, marriage
existed in fiiet, and to some extent in law, and
could be established ; but as a general propo-
sition 1 ask any Senator if I am not right in
the suggestion?
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him in tarn if the same provision could
not be enacted under the amendment moved
by the Senator from Michigan with the same
eifect ?
Mr. CONKLING. I will answer that with
great pleasure in a moment, if the honorable
Senator will first indulge me in asking him
whether I am not right in my present propo-
sition, ihat such a provision would evade this
amendment. Does the Senator ditler with mc
about that?
Mr. HOWE. I will concedc it for the pur-
pose of this consideration.
Mr. CONKLING. Is it not true in point
of fact? I do not wish it to bo conceded as
matter of casuistry or for the sake of argu-
ment.
Mr. TERRY. If the Senator will allow me,
I do not regard it as true in point of fact, be-
cause the disingenuousness of birth to which
the Senator alludes would have to be proved
as a fact, and I doubt the capacity to prove it
as a fact, as a general rule.
Mr. CONKLING. The enactment then
would only have to be reversed to change the
onus proband), upon which the Senator would
rely. A State would .have only to ensCct that
those holding office and voting shall be re-
quired to prove their gennousness of birth, and
then you would have precisely the proposition
which I state, and'yon would steer clear of the
possible objection suggested by the Senator
from Connecticut.
Now, Mr. President, look at one other thing,
and I will not forget to answer the suggestion
made by the Senator from Wisconsin. Sup-
pose, under this amendment, the State of
Georgia should enact that no person descended
from slaves should vote, would this amend-
-ment prevent that?
Mr. EDMUNDS and others. Certainly it
would.
Mr. CONKLING. Several Senators answer
" certainly " I think with more readiness than
reflection. The House of Representatives,
after a long debate, declared by a large major-
ity that this form of amendment would not
prevent what I speak of.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
this 
Mr. CONKLING. Not at this moment. I
want to direct 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I rise to a point of
order. I object to the Senator's undertaking
to influence this body by declaring what the
House of Representatives have decided. I
make that point of order.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, Mr. President, my
friend from Vermont, who values, as we all do,
his extreme sharpness, has, to use a favorite
expression of his, leaped before he came to
the stile. I have not affirmed that the House
of Representatives decided anything, although
I have a perfect right to affirm, and I shall in-
sist upon affirming, that tho House did send
here a proposition of which I am going to
speak ; and if any Senator will have me ruled
out of order for it I shall be glad to take
my seat when that is decided to bo the law of
this body. I was about to say 
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator will pardon
me. 1 rose to a point of order, and I insist on
its being decided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senator state his point of order again?
Mr. EDMONDS. Yes, sir. The Senator
was endeavoring by his argument to influence
tho action of this body by referring to what
had taken place in the course of proceedings in
the other House, which is in direct violation of
parliamentary law and propriety.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that tho Senator from New York
was alluding to the debates, rather than the
action of the House. If it was tho action of
tho House on this subject, the Chair thinks
that is not a proper subject to be alluded to
here. But as the Senatorfrom New York was
speaking of debates in the House, the Chair
thinks he has a right to refer to the debates.
Mr. CONKLING. Well, Mr. President, the
Senator from Vermont and the Chair differ
upon this question. That grieves me very much
on behalf of the Senator from Vermont, but I
suppose he will allow me to complete what I
was going to say. The House of liepresenta-
tives has sent hero and tho Senate to-day has
voted upon a proposition which was unlike
this, and for the reason, Iargne, which I am in
the act of stating. The House said that no
person should be excluded from the right to
vote on account, of race, color, or previous con-
dition of any citizen or class of citizens of the
United States. Why, I argue, did the House
say that? Simply for the reason that without
that, with the mere declaration that it should
not be on account of race, color, or previous
condition of the person himself, he might be
excluded for the same reasons as applied to
his forefathers. That is my argument, and I
rather think I am within parliamentary usage
in addressing that argument to this body in
reference to a proposition upon which we have
been voting ourselves, reported to us by the
House. Therefore, I say, that with the re-
corded judgment of the House in favor of the
particular proposition which I now present,
Senators ought not, withont.some reflection, to
say that manifestly the proposition before us
avoids,.that difficulty. A B and C D and all
other, individual citizens shall not be excluded
from voting or holding office on account of the
race, color, or previous condition of A B and
C D and so on, respectively.. I ask again
whether, if they were excluded because they
were the sons of bondmen, the provision would
paralyze the enactment?
Mr  STEWART. Most undoubtedly.
Mr.,CONKLING. My honorable friend from
Nevada says. not.only "undoubtedly," but
"most undoubtedly,'' That is the superlative
degree of positive assurance, and therefore, to
borrow an expression from another, I ought to
rest upon the quietude of assured power. The
assurance of the honorable Senator gives me
every degree of composure that any assurance
could give. But when I hear Senators argue,
as I have heard them argue to-day, that this
amendment was to be made good against the
perversity, against the battling disposition such
as we have seen in the State of Georgia, if by
language I could shut the door against all eva-
sion,,! should prefer that even to the assurance
which is vouchsafed by the honorable Senator
from Nevada; although, as I say, that is very
satisfactory as far as it goes.
Now, Mr. President, in addition to the modes
which I suggest, if I had not occupied so much
time I think I could point out a number of other
modes in which it would require but slight in-
genuity to circumvent this proposed amend-
ment.
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin asked
me whether, under the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Michigan, tho same thing could take
place. I will read the amendment, and then
I will endeavor to answer his question :
Citizens of tho United States of African descent
shall havo tho same rig-ht to voto and hold offico in
States or Territories as other citizens.
I believe it now reads, "other electors."
"Citizens" left a question; and it was changed
to "electors." Now, I answer the honorable
Senator that I think this would not be open to
any such criticism as that which I am making.
E'or aught I see, were this amendment ratified
by the requisite number of States, all States in
the imposition of qualifications would bo re-
duced to the necessity of making them equal in
their application to all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose they saidunder
the amendment of the Senator from Michigan
that persons who were born bastards should not
be entitled to vote ; that all disingenuous per-
sons should be excluded?
Mr. CONKLING-. That the disingenuous-
ness of birth should be a reason why they should
bo excluded ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr. CONKLING. To avoid that was the
very object in part of the Senator who framed
this proposition ; and the leading objection to
it is founded on the idea that it answers that
suggestion. Why ? Because it denominates
specifically the very class of persons whom we
are discussing, and says that they shall be
allowed in holding office and in the exercise of
the elective franchise to stand upon a footing
with white citizens.
Mr. STEWART. The same footing with
white citizens. The footing that white citizens
would stand upon by a provision against dis-
ingenuousness of birth would apply to black
citizens ; and they having more of such cases,
more probably would be ruled out under the
same rule.
Mr. CONKLING-. If that be the argument
I am glad to adopt it as a part of the ground
on which I am going to vote to reconsider this
amendment. If it be true, as is now argued,
that the Senator from Michigan has not defi-
nitely enough, that he has not unmistakably
enough, referred to persons of African dcscent,
so that still additional words are necessary to
include and specify them, let us amend it in
that respect. I make no objection in that re-
gard. I am speaking of the amendment pre-
cisely as it stands. 1 am only speaking of the
