1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
40th Cong. ... 3d Sess.
Indian Affairs—Mr. Burleigh.
Ho. of Reps.
of these manifest tokens of Divine Providence.
Let us, by the justice and humanity of oar
laws, invite Europe to our shores, and to join
us in developing our inexhaustible and unused
wealth. Let us reverently accept our part, and
faithfully perform our duty, in the grand march
of the world's civilization and progress to which
we are summoned. Our great Pacific railway
will soon be completed, belting the continent
with bars of iron, linking in friendly embrace
the two great oceans of the worlds and placing
*he United States on the great highway from
Europe to China. Our position as a free Re-
public commands the world, and the hour has
struck forusbravely to accept it. If we prove
false to our grand trust, and in welcoming the
Old World to our shores we welcome also its
feudalistic practices, its effete theories of gov-
ernment, our guilt can only be measured by the
mighty opportunity sinned away: while the Old
World, instead of finding its new birth and bap-
tism on our shores, will be buried in a common
grave with ourselves. But if, on the other hand,
we are inflexibly true, to the rights of man,
spurning all compacts with Serfdom and Caste,
all the approaches of Aristocracy and Privilege,
then the " contrast between the Old World and
the New will soon be reduced into a grand and
beautiful harmony that will embrace the whole
earth."
Indian Affairs.
SPEECH OF HON. W. A. BURLEIGH,
of dakota,
In the House op Representatives,
February 9, 1869,
On the subject of Indian affairs in the United States
and Territories.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Mr. Speaker, the proper
management of our Indian affairs has become
so important to the country, and is so imper-
fectly understood by many members of this
House, that I have ventured to bring before
this body my views upon the subject.
Since I first entered the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress we have had no well-defined, settled line
of policy for the government of the two hun-
dred and fifty thousand Indians who are scat-
tered over the western third of this continent.
For every Indian outbreak there has been a
dozen plans of pacification. For every fraud
upon the Government there has been as many
remedies proposed; for every imaginary and
real disorder of this department of the public
service a multitude of sovereign panaceas have
been prescribed. Congress lias been taxed to
its utmost for some plan by which a permanent
and lasting peace might be secured, the In-
dians subsisted, and the Federal Treasury pro-
tected. And, I regret to say, that from our
wliole past experience in the management of
our Indian affairs little appears to have been
learned, and quite as little accomplished in the
settlement of this vexed question.
When a scientific physician is called in to
prescribe for a patient laboring under disease
his first effort is to discover its true character
audits cause, in order, if the malady be curable
at all, that he may act understandingly and
apply his remedial agents for the restoration
of his patient. If, on the contrary, the medi-
cine-man be a quack, the character, the cause,
the pathology of the disease are entirely neg-
lected, and the batteries of the charlatan's
drug-shop are at once leveled at the citadel
of life, and the patient, if he survives the dis-
ease, does so in spite of his doctor.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 do not mean to accuse
any member of this House with being a quack,
professionally or otherwise, for I believe that
every one here has done the best he could,
with the knowlege he possessed, to settle our
Indian troubles. I believe Congress has acted
with the utmost wisdom so far as it has had
accurate information to guide it.; but, sir, there
las been a sad deficiency and want of actual
practicalknowledgeregardingourlndian tribes,
their habits of life, their customs, the relations
which they sustain to each other, and to the
white population which surround them, and
with whom Ihey are thrown in contact.
Let us go back a few years and review a little
of the past, for by this light we may better judge
the future. :
For a whole generation, at least, our country
has been agitated irt all its ramifications, civil,
political, social, and religious, by an undue
concern for the African race, not an indigenous,
but an imported race, brought hither by our
fathers for reasons which the circumstances,
if not the nature of that degraded people,
seemed to suggest and approve. The admitted
evil of domestic servitude, the motive of this
compulsory immigration, and all the wrongs
and cruelties incident to it, have not yet settled
the great question af the primary right and
beneficent effect of the movement. It is for
a future age to solve the problem whether
slavery, as it has existed in the United States,
has not been under the guidance of an over-
ruling Providence, the most efficient and benev-
olent, if not the only practical mode of raising
the African from abject barbarism to the en-
lightenment of civilization and the healing
influences of Christianity.
The abstract wrong of the institution, how-
ever, has been sufficient to enkindle all our
ideas of freedom, crude and unsound as they
too often have been, into aflame of discordant
action, which has threatened the peace of the
nation, the commercial and social welfare of
the people, the benign purpose of the church,
the administration of public affairs, the very
stability of the Government, and the disrup-
tion of every social bond. The issue of the
'■ irrepressible conflict," although nearly com-
pleted, still leaves in our bosoms a feeling of
solicitude for the future, while we boastfully
rejoice at the present measure of our success.
But, sir, there is an interest of greater moment,
involving mightier considerations and more
dreadful responsibilities which imposes upon
our Government and our people more serious
obligations than were ever demanded by the en-
slaved condition of the African race among us.
This interest, notwithstanding its paramount
importance, and its constautaud accumulating
claims upon us, has, from the very settlement,
of the country, been practically overlooked or
neglected or tampered with, or perverted, from
considerations of temporary policy, or from the
basest and most sordid and sinister motives.
Jefferson's famous exclamation that in view of
the injustice of African slavery this nation had
occasion to trembleatthejustieeof'theAlmighty
has a twofold significance when applied to the
glaring injustice which the aborigines of this
country have received at the hands of our peo-
ple. True, there are many noble private ex-
amples of religious and moral regard for the
Indians, who were the primitive and rightful
" lords of the soil." Christianity and benevo-
lence have from time to time devised the
worthiest and, so far as human foresight could
reach, the most practicable schemes for the
amelioration of the miserable condition and for
the advancement of these " sons of nature."
I think it must be admitted that the policy
of the Government toward them has not been
wise or humane. Its professions, to our shame
it must be said, have been merely nominal.
The fate of the poor Indians, from the origin
of our contact with the race to the present
hour, illustrates the truth of the adage that
wise and good professions may exist with cun-
ning and cruel practices. Private enterprises,
however well devised and zealously pursued,
have failed of success through the demoralizing
influences of public faithlessness and wrong
doing, until the public sentiment has settled
down upon the unchristian and inhuman hy-
pothesis that the Indian tribes are doomed by
their Creator to extermination from the face
of the earth, in the midst of their ignorance
and barbarism, and before the very eyes of a
people who pride themselves upon their pecu-
liar enlightenment, and who boast of au especial
mission to " extend the area of freedom," and
to fill the world with the truest ideas of an
exalted humanity and the highest standard of
Christian civilization. The hearts of our peo-
ple have become callous under the hardening
influence of this misguided theory. The con-
tinued- dropping of falsehood and deception
have worn away the faith and extinguished the
hopes of the sincere friends of the Indian. The
fatalism with which we regard the race and the
arrogance of oar cherished theory of'' manifest
destiny," have afflicted us with a fatal blind-
ness and deafness as to the real condition of
this people, and the loud calls upon humanity
and justice in their behalf. Who now so bold
;iS to lift up his voice in defense of the just
claims of the American Indian, once so full of
the enjoyments of the natural rights of man ?
Where are his advocates ; where the societies
organized to redeem him from the bonds of
public injustice and the cruelties of private
rapacity ? Where are the orators, the lecturers,
and the editors to '' cry aloud and spare not"
in the exposition of his wrongs and the denun-
ciation of his oppressors ?
The cruelties of African slavery are tender
mercies when contrasted with the hardships
endured by the Indians under the nominal pro-
tection of our laws. The chains of domestic
servitude are silken threads when compared
with the fetters which hold the Indian in bru-
talizing bondage. African slavery has passed
away; its foul blot upon our nation has been
washed out in the best blood of the land. May
we not now indulge in the hope that the time
has come when the national conscience may
be awakened and the public sentiment aroused
to the obligations which rest upon us to protect
the remnants of the scattered Indian tribes
which still linger among us, and advance them
as far as possible in the arts and comforts of
civilized life? We owe them a debt which,
do the-best we may, we can never fully dis-
charge. Our treaties with them are full of
unredeemed pledges. The demands of public
faith and justice and the dictates of common
humanity alike require that this subject be no
longer delayed.
We'have driven the Indians from their homes
without compensation and without mercy. We
have wrested from them the title to their lands
by pretended, or at least ostensible purchase.
We have withheld the payments until they
were comparatively valueless, or refused them
altogether upon unfounded pretexts. We have
paid them in depreciated currency, when we
agreed by solemn treaty to pay them in gold
and silver; we have paid them in worthless
trash, when we promised them the money for
their lands; we have defrauded the Indians in
the fulfillment of ourstipulations for their cloth-
ingand food and their agricultural, mechanical,
and educational advancement; we have failed
to afford them our promised protection against
the worse than barbarous whites which infest
their settlements; we have hunted them down
and murdered them like wild beasts of the
forest; and, what is worse than all these, our
people have polluted every tribe in the land by
poisoning the very fountain of life from which
the Indian springs with the most loathsome of
diseases, more poisonous and destructive to
the race than the sting of the scorpion, the
bite of the serpent, or the leprosy of old ; we
have, in a word, violated every feature of our
plighted faith in regard to them, and have seen
them degenerate, suffer, and perish under our
positive oppression or cruel neglect, while we
have held them to the severest accountability
for all the pledges of obedience and good be-
havior which we have extorted from them in
our treaty negotiations. Our official records
will fully substantiate all these allegations,
disgraceful and humiliating as they are to our
national pride and honor.
