1869.
THE* C0KaBE8S10^i.L GLQlBft
§Mf
report, and- ifait itt>e printed-with the majority
report.
Ho objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
WILLIAM A. TRETOR.
Mr. LOGAN asked and obtained leave to
have withdrawn from the files of the House the
papers in the case of Williatri A; Trevor,'ask:
mg for a pension. .: .1
SUUVEY OF.POJEfcT OF CHICAGO.
Mr.: JCDD, byunanioious consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which, was read,
considered, a d adopted: ■ . _ •
Mesolved, That the Secretary ef War be directed
to have examinations and su/veys made .at the por>
of Chicago, with a view to secure such additional and
enlarged harbor facilities as the necessities of com-
merce at that poiat demand.
post road in north carolina.
Mr. HEATON, by unanimous consent, intro:
duced a. bill (H. R. No. 1986) to establish a
post road from Polloekville, Jones county,
North Carolina, via Palo Alto, to Swansboro',
in said State; which.was read s," first an:d* Sec-
ond time,, and referred to the'Committee on
the Post Office a,nd PostRoads.
, . CARRYING, C^SSJESaBiKS. ,
Mr,ELIOT,of Massachusetts. I ask unan-
imous consent to report back from the Com-
mittee on Commerce Senate joint resolution
No. 162, toregulatetbe carriage of passengers
in steamships and other vessels, with a substi-
tute for consideration at this time, o
■ The SPEAKER. The substitute will be read,
after which the Chair will ask for objection.
The substitute, which was read, provides in
the first section that there shall not be carried
on any vessel on a voyage from ,the United
States to a foreign country other than foreign
territory contiguoas to the United States, .or
from a foreign country to the United States, a
greater number of passengers than iti the fol-
lowing proportion, to wit: on the second deck,
or lower passenger deck, or within a compart-
ment on such deck, not being an orlop deck,
one passenger for every one hundred and twenty
cubic feet of clearspace coatained therein; and
on the main'deck, or upper passenger dock, or
within a compartment on such deck, and on
the spar deck, one passenger for every one
hundred cubic feet of clear space contained
therein; the space in each case to be ascer-
tained parsuant to law and the regulations of
the Secretary of the Treasury for the measure-
ment of tonnage. If a greater number of pas-
sengers than the number allowable by the pro-
portion aforesaid be carried during such voyage,
or be brought within the United States by such
voyage, or be taken on board a vessel within
the United States for such voyage, the owner
or charterer, agent or master, is to forfeit fifty
dollars for each passenger so carried, brought,
or taken on bo_ard ia excess of the number
allowable by the provisions of-this section; and
if the number of such passengers in excess is
more than twenty-five per Cent, of sack allow-
able nusftber, the owner or charterer, agent and
master, are severally to be deemed guilty of
a misdemeanor, and upon convietion thereof
the owner or agent shall be fined not exceed-
ing $2,000 and imprisoned not exceeding six
months, or either, at the discretion of the
court: and the master is to be imprisoned not
less than six months and not more than one
year. The term " passenger," as used in this
act, is to be deemed to signify and include one
person of eight years of age or upward, or two
persons each of whom shall be of less than
eight years of age. The second section provides
that no passenger shall be carried on an orlop
deck or temporary deck, nor on any deck where
the height or distance between decks or from
the'deck to the roof or covering of deck-houses,
measured 011 the inside, is less- than six feet,
nor upon any deck not having good and suf-
ficient ventilation, nor on any sailing vessel
except upon the main and poop decks and deck-
houses, subject to the aforesaid provisions as to
space, height between decks, and ventilation 4
and for every violation of ih« provisions of thia
seetkm the ciwoftr.^gen fc^cr master is-tebe liable
to a penalty of not more than $2,000," and not
leas than $500. The third-section provides that
all the provisions of the acj, to regulate the car;
riage of passengers in steamships and other ves-
sels, approved March 3,1855, shall be deemed
to apply toallvessels,whetherpropelledby wind
or steam. The provisionspf' said act and,of
all .other acts joponsi8t>ent,with the provisions
of this resolution are repealed. . But no pen-
alties or liabilities incurred or prosecutions
pending for violations of the provisions of
law now existing are to be affected by the pas-
sage of this resolution,
, TheSPEAKER. Is there objection to allow-
ing the gentleman, from Massachusetts [Mr,
Eliot] to report this joint resolution for con-
sideration at the present time t
Mr. FOX. I object.
pacific railroads.
Mr.PRICE, I ask that the House, by unani-
mous consent, take frpjen the Spe.aker's table
for consideration at the present time at bill (S.
Ng. 871) to authorize the transfer of Jands
granted to the Union Pacific Railway Company,
eastern division, to the Denver Pacific Rail-
way and Telegraph Company) and to expedite
the completion of railroads to Denver, in the
Territory of Colorado.
' Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
' ' • : LEAVBOi' ABSENCE.
Mr; Arxtell obtained leave of absence for i
tCn days-.
judiciary fund.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, representing that by
reason of the exhaustion of the judiciary fund
no claims chargeable to it can be paid, nor any
advances made to meet the expenses incident
to holding court, and setting forth the amounts
required by this branch of the service for the
remainder of this and for the next fiscal year;
which was referred to the' Committee, on Ap-
propriations.
national currency. '
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes, as the
unfinished business, the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 440) supplementary to an act en-
titled "An act to provide a national currency
secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemp-
tion thereof," approved June 3, 1864. The
previous question having been seconded and
the main question ordered, the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. PoaEEor,] who reported the
bill, is entitled to the floor for one hour.
Mr. POMEROY. I yield to the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Poland] for twenty min-
utes.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, the amend-
ment which the Committee on Banking and
Currency have reported in lieu of the fourth
section of the Senate bill provides for a pro
rata deduction of the circulation of the exist-
ing national banks. The lowest of the banks
in amount of capital or circulation, those hav-
ing ninety per cent, are eut down universally
to eighty per cent. Banks having a larger cir-
culation are cut down to a still lower figure.
I do not- understand, Mr. Speaker, that this
is at all upon the ground that the securities
those banks now have deposited with the 1 reas-
urer to secure the redemption of their circula-
tion are not amply sufficient for that purpose.
This scheme is devised wholly for the purpose
of reducing the circulation of the existing
banks in order to provide a mode by which
some circulation can be given to those States
which have not now their proportion of bank-
ing circulation.
. it is true, as has been stated by several gen-
tlemen upon the floor -of this House, that the
national bank circulation is unequally distrib-
uted. It is a fact which cannot be denied that
the New England States, New York, Penn-
sylvania, and some other States, have much
tnorsr than theirshare under the national bank-
ing law ; that is, taore than they would bam
been - entitle^ to if all the other Sfaites,, had
come in and-claimed their share, .Treepllect
entering- this- Hall daring an evening session
when my friend from Illinois [Mr, Ixgersoll]
was declaiming very stoutly against the Ba-
tioflal, banks, and charging, esp«;i*% upon
Nj® r England, that it had been ungenerous and
grasping in this matter of national bap jcs. He
charged us with contrivi ng to get more than our
share of things, and, in the exercise of that
grasping disposition, getting more than our
share of national bank capital and national
bank circulation. . -
. Mr. Speaker, I desire to allude for a moment
to the.history of this national banking system,
how it came to be created, and how it was that
New England and the other. States got more
than their shares. Everybody understands,
who has examined the national banking Jaw,
th.at one half of the circulation was to be dis-
tributed among the States according to popu-
lation, and the other half, under the diseretip£
of the Secretary of the Treasury, according to
what he supposed to be the business wants of
the several States and Territories; but it was
not distributed in that manner, and these east-
ern States got more than their share under the
rule prescribed by the law. How did they get
it? Was it their fault? Was it in-the exercise
of that grasping disposition which has been
charged upon the New England States that
they, got more than their share ? This system
was inaugurated soon after the .suspension of
speae payment, when the financial affairs of
the country were in a desperate condition, when
we were engaged in a d«adly struggle to put
down the rebellion; and this was a scheme
devised by-the Government for the purpose of
having a money circulation that could be used
in order to save the Government. For a. con-
siderable time, Mr. Speaker, this scheme went
begging, and no one could be found who would
go into it. Let me say that on the part of the
banks of New England, it was at a great sacri-
fice they went into it." In my own State they
were entitled to some two dollars of circulation
for one dollar of capital, and when we gave up
the State banking system and went into the
national banking system we went .into it at a
sacrifice. Instead, of having two dollars for
one, we only got ninety per cent, of one. In
all the New England States, although none
gave so large a circulation in reference to the
amount of capital, the proportion of circulation
to the amount of capital was very large, larger
than is allowed under the national banking
system. It was more in my own Slate thai) in
any other; it was so in New York; so that
every State bank that went into the national
banking system did so at an immense sacrifice.
Mr. BARNES. The gentleman from Ver-
mont has stated that in his own and in several
of the New England States the State banks
were allowed to issue two dollars of circula-
tion for one of capital. I would like to have
the gentleman inform the House if in any
States the banks were able to keep in circula-
tion two dollars for one of their capital for auy
length of time?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly. After the sus-
pension of specie payments there was not the
slightest difficulty; they could have keptm cir-
culation ten dollars for one. [Laughter.] It
is about the condition of things after the sus-
pension of specie payment, and when this na-
tional system went into operation I am talk-
ing ; about the condition of things when the
national system was put afloat, and when we
wer« called upon to choose whether we would
go into that system or remain under our S-tate
bank system. We were called upon to-ehoose
between giving up a circulation of two dollars
for one in our Slate and taking niuety per cent,
for one and keep fifteen per cent, of that on
hand ; so that it was virtually a circulation of
seventy-five per cent, upon the capital,
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question ?
Mr. POLAND, No, sir. I have only
