1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Mr. MULLINS. The seventh section eon-
tains a provision requiring the publication in
the newspapers of the county of the persons
who have been appointed upon the election
boards. I propose to amend by inserting at
the proper place the words " and if not, then
by writing, at three of the taost public places
in the county."
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I will allow the
amendment suggested by my colleague on the
Committee on the Territories [Mr. Mullins] to
be offered.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
regarded as pending.
Mr. BROOKS. It is impossible for the
House to understand, from its reading by the
Clerk, a long bill like this. It seems to me it
ought to be sanctioned by the Committee of
Elections. I would suggest that before we are
called upon to pass a bill regulating elections
in all the Territories of the United States it
should go before the Committee of Elections.
I hope the gentleman will give way to a motion
to that effect.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I cannot yield for
any such purpose. This subject has had the
earnest consideration of the Committee on thte
Territories for two or three years past. It has
come before them on petition after petition
and memorial after memorial, from the people
resident in the Territories, asking Congress for
a registry law. This is the best form of a
registry law which the committee have been
able to devise. It does not require any man
to be registered, but it requires that each
board of county canvassers shall be composed
of two members of each political party in the
county, or if there be two or more minor-
ity parties that each minority party shall have
one member of the board; and that no act
of the board hall be valid unless it has the
affirmative vote of three members of the board.
And in like manner these boards of county
canvassers are to appoint the judges of elec-
tion in each township, ward, or voting precinct.
They are to be constituted in like manner as
the county boards; to be made up from the
parties in each ward, township, and election
precinct; two members from the party having
the majority at the last general election, and
the other two members to be taken from the
minority parties. Therefore no vote can be
admitted and no certificate of a poll can be
made unless members of two of the political
parties certify to its correctness.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and this bill goes over to the morning
hour of the nest public bill day.
pilots, etc., of washington territory.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent that the Committee on the Territories
be discharged from the further consideration of
House bill No. 1591, repealing an act passed
by the Legislature of Washington Territory
relating to pilots and pilot regulations, and that
the same be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
No objection was made.
regulation of commerce.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I have been di-
lected by the Committee on the Teriitories to
report back House bill No. 1597, to facilitate
commercial intercourse between the several
States and Territories of the United States and
foreign countries, and to ask that it may be
assigned for consideration for two hours on
next Saturday three weeks.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
election contest switzler ys. anderson.
Mr. COOK, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, made a report in the contested-election
case of Switzler vs. Anderson, with the follow-
ing resolutions:
Jifisolved, That George \V, Anderson is not entitled
to a seat in this House as a Representative m the
Fortieth Congress from the ninth congressional dis-
trict of Missouri.
Unsolved, That William K. Switzler is entitled to
a seat in this House as a Bepresentative from the
ninth congressional district of Missouri.
The report was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. COOK. I give notice that I will call
up this report to-morrow.
niagara ship-canal.
The SPEAKER. The House now resumes
the consideration of House bill No. 1202, to
provide for the construction of a ship-canal
around the Falls of Niagara; upon which the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Vak Horn"]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. Mr.
Speaker, in opening the debate upon this bill
I feel the importance of the legislation proposed
and the responsibility connected with its advo-
dacy and the demand it makes upon the Treas-
ury. I sympathize to some extent, at least,
with the views of my distinguished friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] lately expressed
in the very able speech upon economy and
retrenchment which he made in this House,
and I will cooperate with him in endeavoring
to secure the results of proper legislation in
this direction, but I do not, for a moment, sup-
pose that he intended to be understood as being
opposed to works of great national importance
and necessity and appropriations to secure their
construction. Certainly this did not, enter into
his calculation. No State in the Union is so
deeply interested in this work as the State of
Illinois, and no State has demanded its con-
struction as loudly as has that State, and with
a greater reason, or had moreimportant public
interests to benefit, protect, and advance. Dis-
crimination should always be used by wise
statesmanship in the advocacy and support of
public measures, and I open this debate with
the earnest hope that the House may consider
this measure and the reasons that maybe pre-
sented why it should become a law in the light
of national interest, necessity, and benefit, and
begoverned by no other or less important con-
siderations.
Very much may be said upon this measure,
and in its favor. While it differs from all the
bills upon this question which have preceded
it, and been passed by this branch of Con-
gress, the general question of a ship-canal to
connect Lake3 Erie and Ontario is doubtless
familiar to all the members of this House, as
it is also to all sections of the country. In-
deed, it is no new question. Upon the files of
this House are papers, petitions, resolutions
of boards of trade from nearly all the north-
ern, middle, western, and eastern States, as
well as from the Legislatures of many of the
States, asking Congress to aid in the construc-
tion of this great national work. They run
back over many years, showing the deep in-
terest that hasfor a long time pervaded various
sections of the country in behalf of this im-
portant enterprise. In fact there is no ques-
tion before the national Legislature in which
the business communities of the entire West
and their boards of trade lake so deep an in-
terest and in the solution of which they have
so great anxiety as in relation to this question.
As early as 1808, in pursuance of a resolu-
tion of the Senate, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury submitted to that body an able and elaborate
report on the subject of roads and canals, in
which, among many others of general interest
that might require the aid of the Government,
was a canal around the falls of Niagara. It was
represented in that report as both practicable
and of primary importance to the interests and
domestic policy ot the Union. If important
and necessary at that early day, how much
more so now, when the reasons for such an
opinion have so greatly increased in number
and importance. In 183o the President of the
United States ordered a survey to be made
upon an enlarged scale, and selected for the
work Captain Williams, one of the most skill-
ful and eminent engineers that ever belonged
to tue service. His report is full ot instruction,
and demonstrated completely, as all others
have, the entire feasibility of the work.
When this subject was up in the Thirty"
Seventh Congress 1 had the honor to submit a
report upon it, stating at length ita merits and
showing the necessity of the work, and again
in the last Congress expressed my views quite
at length imkhi the general subject. In the last
Congressahe bill providing forthe construction
pf thisjvork after due consideration passed this
ousje and went to the Senate. On account
ot\^™e immense pressure of public business,
which could not be set aside, and a difference
of opinion among the friends of the canal in
that bocly as to the mode of constructing the
work, whether by the Government as a Gov-
ernment work entirely, or by a corporation
aided by the Government, and partly because
there was great doubt as to the probable cost
of thework,the bill wasnot passed, buta joint
resolution was passed, directing the Secretary
of War to make surveys for a canal, of such
routes as might be deemed advisable, and re-
port to this Congress the facts ascertained.
Under that report we are now acting. Colonel
Blunt, a distinguished engineer of the War
Department, lias caused such surveys to be
made, showing the cost of a canal with ample
dimensions on three different and distinct
routes, one of which terminates at three differ-
ent points, making live routes as designated iu
his report, which is upon file for examination
by all the members of the House.
The bill we have proposed, and which is now
under consideration, provides that this work
shall be constructed by the Government and
be owned by it and under its control. Paid
for out of a common treasury, it shall be free
to all sections and all business, excepting so
far as it may be necessary to impose tolls to
cover repairs, expenses of management, and
perhaps the interest of the money necessary for
its construction. All this, however, will be at
all times subject to the regulations Congress
may prescribe. The bill follows the dimen-
sions for the canal adopted by the engineer
department in its recent estimates referred to,
and which are believed to be ample to accom-
modate the largest shipping that now uses
or that may hereafter desire to use the great
inland waters which this work is designed to
connect. I will briefly explain to the House
the provisions of the bill. It is to be one hun-
dred and twenty-five feet in width, in earth-
cutting at water surface, and ninety feet at the
bottom, and in rock-cutting with vertical sides
it is to be one hundred feet. The lock cham-
bers are to be two hundred and seventy-five
feet in length and forty-six feet in width, and
there is to be fourteen feet of water in depth.'
The bill provides all the usual guards and
protection to private rights, and secures ample
means for compensation to owners of property
taken for public uses in the construction of the
canal. The President is authorized to enter
upon and take all property necessary to carry
out the purposes of the legislation proposed, to
acquire title to said property by agreement,
purchase, or voluntary cession upon reason-
able and just terms if he can, and if unable so
to do to apply to the courts for the appointment
of commissioners to fix the compensation to
be paid for any and all property taken for such
public purposes and use. It is also provided
that either party can appeal within a reason-
able and fixed time from any such appraise-
ment, and demand and have the judgment of
a jury of twelve men upon the damages sus-
tained and the compensation to be rendered.
It is designed that every possible protection
shall be given to the private citizen and owner
of property taken, as well as to the rights of
the Government.
Thework is to be enterednpon within twelve
months after this act takes effect, and it is to
be prosecuted with energy and diligence to as
speedy a conclusion as possible compatible
with the public interests. A sufficient number
of experienced officers of the engineer and
quartermaster's departments are to be detailed
to superintend and direct said work, under
such orders and rules as the Secretary of War
shall prescribe. It is also provided that any
