144
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 9,
Ho. of Reps.
Indian Affairs—Mr. Burleigh.
40te Ojsg.,..3d Sess.
shackles and chains, ifnotliterallyriveted upon
them, have been sanctioned by the Federal
Government and recognized by the Constitu-
tion and laws, from the first dawn of our
national existence.
It was for this and other national crimes, and
not for the sins of a few task-masters, that the
Almighty poured out these vials of divine
wrath upon us. Let us not further provoke that
wrath; let us commit no more murders, rob-
beries, crimes,and outrages upon these original
lords of the land we inhabit; let us turn from
the evil of our ways, repent of these our na-
tional sins, and restore to these oppressed
and suffering children of our "Father who art
in heaven," the rights, privileges, and immu-
nities to which they are entitled'by every con-
sideration of justice, equity, humanity, and law.
As well might the student of sacred history
attiibute the destruction of Sodom and Gomor-
rah by fire from heaven to the negligence of
the keepers of their city gates ; the overthrow
of Pharaoh and his host in the Red sea to the
occasional cruelty of Egyptian task-masters
toward the Jewish bondmen, or the destruction
of Jerusalem, "that killest the prophets and
stonest them that were sentunto thee to the
disobedience by the Jews of the Mosaic law
forbidding the use of fire on the Sabbath, as
for the people of these United States to delude
themselves with the belief that our recent na-
tional calamities aud sufferings as well as our
present unjust and fruitless Indian wars, with
all of their accompanying horrors, are not a
just visitation and punishment from the Al-
mighty for these national sins against the black
man and the red man, who were committed to
our care and protection by Him who ruleth not
only the world and all that therein is, but the
wide empire of creation.
It was the violation of the laws of humanity,
the laws ordained of God for the preservation
of the human race, to break the bonds of sin
and elevate the souls of men, that has in all
ages drawn down his vengeance on guilty na-
tions. in the exercise of this divine retributive
justice we see by the light of history such
exhibitions of His irresistible power, of His
u ufailing justice, arid of His eternal judgments,
that I tremble in view of the terrible record of
my own nation, which must be judged before
"the high court of Heaven.''
Where are the Assyrians, the Egyptians, the
Persians, the Greeks, and the Romans? Where
are the cities of Babylon, Nineveh, Tyre,
Ihebes, Jerusalem, and Tadinor of the wil-
derness? Rome, once the mistress of the
world, captured savages from the Briton and
the German tribes, more barbarous and untu-
tored than our own, and used them to grace
her cars of conquest and furnish combatants
in the arena of the Coliseum, where they were
matched in deadly strife against their fellow-
savages or ferocious beasts of prey. Where
are the descendants of these savages now?
Where are the descendants of their Roman
oppressors?
Are we imitating the examples of the pagan
Romans/ We do not capture our red breth-
ren and exhibit them in mortal combat with
each other or beasts of prey in our public the-
aters and parks for the amusement of the pop-
ulace, but we are, and have always been, en-
gaged in robbing them of their lands, in de-
grading, murdering, and exterminating them
without regard to age or sex. This is the direct
effect of the past and present Indian policy of
this Government. While the Christian philan-
thropists are offering up their supplications
and making every effort to send the gospel to
distant heathen lands, there are to be found
not only self-styled philanthropists and pro-
fessed Christians, but ministers of Christ even
who openly advocate the extermination of their
Iml'aii brethren with the same, tongue that
pn-dches the divine doctrines of love to our
iifigl.bor and " peace on earth and good will
tow aid men.''
These shameful transactions have not been
confined to the poor Creeks, Cherokees, and
Delawares alone, but they have extended to
every tribe in the country which is under the
control of Federal authority, and the man who
cannot see other and more potential causes for
our Indian wars than the dishonesty of agents,
of which we havo heard so much of late, is as
ignorant of their true cause as he would be of
the contents of a volume by the character of
its binding. I tell you, sir, it is for the sins of
the nation, for its cruelty to these people, that
we are, and have been for years, atoning.
The failure of Congress to make timely ap-
propriations, and the holding back of supplies,
has done much to irritate the Indians, who, in
many instances, have starved and frozen to
death on account of the delay in their deliv-
ery. The failure of the Government to afford
protection to their lives and property upon
their own reservations, where they have been
guarantied perfect security and uninterrupted
tranquillity, has also had its influence in de-
stroying the confidence of the Indians in our
sincerity. But, among other existing causes
for our troubles, there have been unprovoked,
cold-blooded murders of peaceable Indians by
roving adventurers in the West, and the indis-
criminate slaughter of individuals, families,
and whole camps even, by the Federal soldiery;
to a few instances of which I will call the atten-
tion of the House.
An outrage so horribly cruel as to exceed
almost the bounds of belief was committed
upon the Indians at Fort Kearny in 1850.
The facts were substantially as follows : two
young Indians belonging to a party of Chey-
ennes were sent to the road to beg some to-
bacco of the driver of a mail wagon. The
driver fired upon them, whereupon one of
them, as the Indians themselves afterward
paid, "being a fool and mad," shot an arrow
and wounded the white man. The chief of
the Cheyenne party, on seeing this, ran out
with others to the protection of the tnail driver,
and punished the young Indian who had shot,
the arrow by whipping him according to the
Indian laws. But this whipping did not wipe
out the Indian boy's offense. An " Indian
outrage" must, of course, be made out of the
case and the military be called upon to avenge
it. The next day, accordingly, the troops
from the fort valorously sallied forth and at-
tacked the Cheyenne party, who refused to
fight them and ran away, leaving their horses,
bows and arrows, and robes ill camp. Six
young braves remained behind to make some-
tiling like a formal surrender. They went up
to the soldiers, threw down their arms, and
held out their hands in sign of submission, and
were mercilessly shot down in cold blood when
only a few yaids from the troops.
During the summer of 1854 some bands of
Sioux were encamped within six miles of Fort
Laramie. They were regarded as friendly In-
dians, and were on terms of friendshipwith
the officers of the fort. A man from a neigh-
boring tribe, whose relations had the year be-
fore been slaughtered by the troops of the fort,
happened to be among these bands of Sioux.
Some Mormon emigrants passed by the Indian
camp, and a cow escaped from them and ran
toward the Indian village. The Indian whose
relatives had been killed, by way of revenge
for the loss, killed the cow. Complaint was
made at the fort, and the chiefs, on being called
upon, said they would see that reparation was
made for the damage which had been done.
But this was not satisfactory to the command-
ing officer. He detailed a brevet lieutenant
with a company to arrest the Indian. The com-
pany proceeded to the Indian camp with two
pieces of artillery. Demand was made of the
chiefs ; but the offending Indian said to them :
I have taken a lodge here. X am willing to die;
you have nothing to do with the matter; the respons-
loility is not upon your people, but upon me alone."
This remark was no sooner made to the lieu-
tenant than he fired, killing one man and crip-
pling the principal chief. The chiefs rallied
and exhorted the men to commit 110 outrage.
Their influence controlled the action of the
Indians ; but a drunken interpreter excited the
lieutenant i.rd caused him, perhaps, to fire his
cannon. The next thing was the sounding of
the war-whoop, and the lieutenant aud some
of his men were killed. The others ran and
were pursued by the Indians, and every man
of them was slaughtered.
Who will say, reasoning from analogy and
common sense, and especially from a philo-
sophical view of Indian character, that the
whites were not to blame in this case ? And yet,
concealing or distorting the facts, the ears of the
public were made to tingle with the report of
"another Indian massacre," and an official
announcement from the War Department de-
luded the Government and people into a belief
that the affair was an ambuscade and part of
a deliberate plan on the part of the Indians to
massacre the troops and plunder the fort.
I will now cite another glaring case of in-
justice toward the Winnebagoes, a tribe of In-
dians formerly located in that portion of the
northwestern territory which is now embraced
within the State of Wisconsin. Our first treaty
with these Indians was in 1810; since then we
treated with them in 1829, 1832, 1837, 1848,
and 18-35. In 1802 we find the Winnebagoes
located upon a beautiful reservation in the State
of Minnesota, where they were prosperous and
happy, many of them having acquired a prac-
tical knowledge of agriculture and the mechan-
ical arts. Their treaty of February, 1855, had
guarantied to them a permanent home on a
reservation eighteen miles square, and a large
sum of money. There they had erected their "
houses, opened their farms, and remained per-
fectly peaceable. It was at this time that the
Sioux outbreak took place in that State, but
the Winnebagoes remained steadfast to their
treaty obligations. But their time had again
come. Their reservation, their lands, their
homes were demanded by the people of Min-
nesota The permanent homes which the Gov-
ernment. had guarantied to them must be
abandoned. Their attachment to the graves
of their fathers and friends availed them not.
The_ Government assented; it lent its aid to
forcibly violate its own solemn treaty with these
friendly Indians, and without the least valid
excuse forced them from their comfortable
homes to a barren and inhospitable country five
hundred miles westward on the Missouri river.
There hundreds of these friendly Indians died
from exposure and starvation. When sickness
aud suffering compelled them to seek the set-
tlements for succor they were forced back by
military power over stones and ice, marking
their trail with the blood that trickled from
their lacerated feet.
I have seen among these same friendly Win-
nebagoes, while thus persecuted by the sanction
of the Government, the starving infant strug-
gling with fretful cries at the breast of a dying
mother to draw the warmth of life from those
nipples chilled and milkless under the embrace
of death. Hundreds of these people died then,
and their bones are bleaching upon those in-
hospitable plains as monuments of foul disgrace
to our nation, by whose oppressive policy these
innocents have been destroyed.
But all of these atrocities pale into insignifi-
cance before those committed upon the Indians
of California, Oregon, and Washington Terri-
tories on the western slope.
The massacre by Chivington at Sand creek,
in Colorado,by which hundreds of men, women,
and helpless children were butchered in cold
blood, is another striking instance of our
cruelty.
During the massacre in Minnesota, in 1862,
several white women and children were taken
captives aud carried t,o the Upper Missouri.
Through the interposition of Colonel Gulpin
and a number of friendly Sioux, who excikinged
