1869.
fw cmmmmmm ©loii.
nm
of their notes, while they fait to Redeem them;
and the provisions of my amendment tas to
carry oat that idea.
Then there is a still further precision that
this amount of circulation so returned by these
banks in liquidation shall be distributed among
the States that have not a sufficient circulation
or that have not their fair proportion of circu-
lation. As the law now stands, when a bank-
breaks or winds Up It is impossible!© give any
circulation to any sew bank or to a State that
htts not its proportion of bank circulation,
because tHe circalation of the broken banks still
remainsout, and it is-nobody's business to get
it in ; therefore, the western aild the southern
States are without their proportion of banking
circulation, whiie there is to-day some millions
ofcirculationofw'ound up and liquidating banks
outstanding which cannot be got in, because it
is for the interest of the banks to keep it out.
The other portion of my amendment is that
when these banks go into liquidation, owing-
the United States for its deposits, theyshall
not continue to receive iritefest On theirbonds
deposited to secure those deposits up to the
amount of -the money dae the United States:
I suppose it may strike gome members1 of this
House as rewarkabte that basks in such Con-
dition should* be so paid interest; but let me
Call your attention to an actual case now de-
pending. The Battk of the Metropolis in this
District failed,^Wiflgthe Government $i£00,000
Government deposits or thereabouts. It has
had that deposit noW :for two years and better,
and not being able to repay it it calls upon the
Government to pay it interest day by day on
the bonds which it has deposited to secure that
deposit. In other words, having $400,000 of
the Government money, it makes the Govern-
ment pay interest on that money, which the
bank owes it. Although the able Treasurer
of the United States, Mr. Spinner, has pro-
tested against that, and insisted that $70,000
of interest which this defaulting bank claimed
of him on the bonds shall go to the credit of
the United States, yet, as I understand, the
law officers of the Treasury and of the Attorney
General's office have decided that under the
law the Treasurer cannot hold on to the inter-
est to reimburse the Government, but must
pay it over to the bank. Thus after taking
$400,000 of deposits belonging to the United
States the bank continues to draw interest on
the bonds put in the Treasury to secure those
deposits. 1 called on Mr. Spinner yesterday,
a member of the Banking Committee happen-
ing to be there at the same time, and Mr.
Spinner stated these facts to me directly. In
view of these facts I have proposed an amend-
ment to the section which will cover the case.
I think the provisions of this amendment will
commend themselves to the good judgment of
every member who examines the subject.
Mr. BARNES. I would like to know how
the gentleman would provide for any amount
of circulation that the bank might not be able
to call in, that which might be lost or carried
out of the country.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I propose
the banks shall not have their bonds until they
adjust that matter. They have the money in
circulation, have they not? They have had the
advantage of it. Ought they to have interest
on the money and on the bonds too? When
they can show a fair and clear case of loss they
ought to ask relief from Congress.
Mr. BARNES. As I understand, the circu-
lation of broken national banks is now worth a
premium of from one to two per ccnt. If a
bank in liqnidation should offer two per cent,
or three per cent, for the-purpose of calling iti
its circulation, and stillshould not be able to get
it in, how does the gentleman propose to pro-
vide for the amount that may be outstanding?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
answer the gentleman very cheerfully. The
bank has had the circulation atrd has put it out
at interest. Then, so long as it cannot gel -in
any part of that circulation it has so much out
at interest on the credit of the United States.
I eay that it is out on the credit of tbe United
States under any circumstances f bwt in the
case of a broken bank the circulation is clearly
out on the credit of the United Stages only;
Now, why should the United States be paying
interest on the very money whieh'the bank has
ont at interest on the ■ credit of the United
States^ I put it to tbe fajrness of the gentle-
man and other merobersofthe House.
Mr. BARNES.. The gentleman is right with
regard to the idea of Compelling batiks tobring
in their circulation when they are in liquida-
tion, if it cam be don®. My inquiries have
reference to the manner in which it shall be
done when a bank has exhausted its authority
and power in the case, and still has circulation
outstanding.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is very
easy to get it in if the banks are desirous to get
it in. When a certain portion: of the silver
circalation of the country was depreciated one
per cent, by act of Congress, in one year all
that silver had disappeared and gone' into" tbe
mints. If the banks would offer one and a half
of two per cent, for the return of their ci reti-
lation, toy word for it, that circulation would
be returned. But it is now to the advantage
of these broken banks to the extent of £ ix per
cent, to keep their circulation out, for they get
the benefit of their circulation while*they are
doing no business, and also the advantage of
the bonds on deposit.
Now, let nobody surmise that because I do
not betiwe the banking institutions aTe the best
institution's in the world I am acting in any
inimical spirit toward them. I submit my prop-
osition as a mere measure of justice. It is but
fair that when these institutions cease to be
banking associations they shall not by any
means enjoy all the advantage of the national
bank system 'without any of its hardens.
Again', sir, as the law now stands" they can
go and put into the Treasury their greenbacks
instead of their bills. Then the law provides
that the obligation for the payment of these
bills is completed and ended. Now the bill-
holder has what security? First, the United
States; second, the assets of the banks; and
thirdly, theproportion of property of each share-
holder to secure their bills. But when yo-u
pass the unamended section of the Committee
on Banking and Currency—and I do not think
that the committee will disagree with me—the
biilholder will lose all security except that of
the United States. It throws the whole burden
of resuming specie payment upon the Govern-
ment. There are'about six hundred and fifty
million dollars of circulation, be the same more
or less. Some gentlemen say that it is as high
as $780,000,000. Three hundred and fifty mil-
lion dollars must be taken care of by the Gov-
ernment when it resumes specie payments,
and $300,000,000 must be taken care of by the
banks, (jnder the provisions of the bill the
moment the country proposes to return to spe-
cie payment banks will go into liquidation, and
can throw the whole of their currency upon the
Government for redemption and escape the
burden themselves.
Mr. PRICE; I wish to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Tery well.
Mr. PRICE. If I understand the' gentle-
man from Massachusetts, he means that no
national banking institution can wind up as a
national batik, to go out of business or into
another business, until it returns the identical
money to the Treasury which they received.
Is that what he wishes?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Exactly.
Mr. PRICE. That is perfectly awful. That
is all I have to say. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Where is
the awfulness thereof?
Mr. PRICE. I will tell you if you will let
me answer.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. _ Well.
Mr. PRICE. A bank could not wind up in
ten years. You could not get the circulation
ins Some will never come in. Under this law
$ « Ckiver&frt«ni gefcB ■'benefit of .the circu-
lation that is destroyed. How will the gentle-
man from -Massachusetts obviate that?
Mt. PAINE. With the permission of the
gentleman from Massachusetts," I-will ask my
friend from Iowa how we can everget'io specie
payment unless the hanksdo their-own' redemo-
tion? - ' , -" ' 1
Mr. PRICE. l ean answer thj t question,
nicely if I ant permitted.
Mr.-BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will give
you time to answer that.
Mr. PRICE. The answer to that is found
in this fact: the law under which the national
banks are now organized provides that they
may redeem in legal tenders of the country.
It provides, when they wish to Wind up as na-
tional banking institutions, that they can return
the identical notes given to" them' as far .is the/
can and return the rest in the legal tender"of
the Government.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
answer the answer, and it is this: the law
now provides that the banks can return as many
of the original notes as "possible and get up
their bonds, and my amendm.ent allows them
to return as many as they please.
Mr. PRICE. As many as they can get.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As many
as they can get; but I add that they shall not
draw interest on their notes on one hand and
on bonds with the other. My friend from Io-wa
says they cannot wind up in ten years. They
ought not to wind up tintil they pay back to
the United States the currency they took from
the United States. They must take back the
currency they put out. They agreed to do it,
and they have no right to put it upon the
Government.
Mr. PRICE. Let me state a fact. Over
six years ago a bank in my own State called
for its paper and up to this time has been un-
able to get in its circulation, although it was
paid in gold when gold was at 150 and 180.
I ask the gentleman from Massachusetts how
a bank that does not pay anything but "green-
backs" is to get in its circulation? Some of
it is burned up. Some of it never can get in.
Are the banks never to get back their secur-
ities ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts." That is
a case which calls for special relief; but my
proposition is for notes in circulation, and in
the minute that I have left I will say that now
we cannot start a new bank in any southern or
southwestern State when a bank fails in the
North which has an insufficient circulation,
because such circulation remains out and green-
backs are put in its stead. Bat if you make
the insolvent banks redeem their circulation,
then this amendment proposes that that por-
tion of the circulation shall be given to banks
in those States that have not their quota.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. POMEROY. I yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. WOOD. I have sent to the desk a sec-
tion which I propose as an amendment, I ask
the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the bill the following: _
Sec. —. And be it further enacted* That every asso-
ciation authorized urtdof this afci. and the act to
which thi3 is supplementary, shall provide for the
redemption of its notes at some one of the principal
moneyed centers of tho United States, to be selected
by the Comptroller of the Currenoy: and it shall bo
the duty of the Secretary of thoTreasury to cause to
be assorted and sealed up under Government seal all
national bank iiotes received in payment of tnxes,
and fend them for redemption in legal-tender notes
to the redemption agency.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, everything affect-
ing the national banks and the currency which
they are authorized to issue is a matter of very
grave concern, and Congress should legislate
upon these questions with a great deal of care.
The $800,000,000 authorized by the national
bank act and the institutions that have organ-
ized under that act have formed a part of a
permanent monetary system. All oor com-
mercial transactions, the vast trading interests
