370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
according to the estimate of Mr. McAlpine, is
two mills per ton per mile, or —
For a ton of freight from Chicago to Buffalo...$2 00
The distance from Buffalo to Troy is three hun-
dred and forty-five miles, which, at four
mills per ton per mile, makes the cost of
transporting a ton from Buffalo to Troy  1 38
Add canal tolls, at three mills per one thou-
sand pounds per mile 2 07
Cost of transportation per ton on the Hudson,
at two and a half mills per mile  37.5 j
Making the whole cost, including canal tolls,
of transporting a ton of wheat or flour from
'Chicago to New York, yia Buffalo and the
Erie canal $5 82.5
Cost via theNiagara ship-oanaiand Lake Ontario :
The distance from Chicago to Oswego, via the pro-
posed ship-canal, would be eleven hundred and
eighty miles, which, at two mills per ton per mile,
would he   B2 3G
Thedistance from Oswego to Troy, by canal, is
one hundred and eighty-seven miles, which,
at four mills per ton per mile, for transport-
ation, would be  7-1.5
Add canal tolls, at three mills per one thou-
sand pounds per mile, on wheat or flour  1 12 2
Freight en Hudson river at two and a half
mills per ton per milo  37.5
Add Nia&ara ship-canal expenses, per ton  20
Making the cost of transporting a ton of wheat
or flour from Chicago to New York, via the
proposed ship-canal and Lake Ontario  $4 80.2
The above statement is no doubt entirely
correct; atleastitremainsuuchallenged. From
this it appears that the difference in transport-
ation is in favor of the ship-canal route, and
the cost $1 02J less on a ton of wheat or flour
from Chicago to New York than by the cheap-
est other route by lake to Buffalo and Erie
canal and Hudson river to New York. This
is a little over three cents per bushel less on
wheat and about fifteen cents per barrel less
on flour.
Again this difference would be increased by
the competition which always springs up be-
tween rival routes of trade, so that low freight
would not be confined to this route, but all
competing routes between the East and West
would be obliged to reduce prices on through
freight at least so as to conform to the cheaper
channels, thus saving to the West annually mil-
lions of dollars, and to the East in the same
ratio.
The reason of this difference is apparent in
the fact that lake and ship navigation is cheaper
than canal navigation. Vessels load at Chi-
cago and do not break bulk before arriving at
Oswego at least, and thus in large quantities
the grain or flour is carried farther toward
tide-water before transhipment, saving one
hundred and fifty miles of canal navigation
and not increasing worth the mention the dis-
tance in the aggregate. Trade will go where
inducements offer the greatest benefits, and
although the Welland canal is inadequate and
inferior, puch shipping as can adapt itself to
its capacity will avail itself of its facilities and
reap the benefits that are offered. The ques-
tion addresses itself to every Representative
here and all the people we represent, whether
we shall furnish necessary facilities to our own
people and our own commerce, or whether we
shall depend upon and take them from others
outside of our borders, and who have no inter-
est whatever in our advancement and pros-
perity, and who will furnish them when, and
no longer, than their caprice is suited and their
interests are subserved.
As a Representative fromNew York, ladvo-
cate this measure for the reason, among others
which I shall notice hereafterin addition to those
I have already given, that the facilities we pro-
pose by this bill to give to commerce will in a
time of peace be extended in part or in whole
by the Canadian Government, and consequently
the great canals through New York will be no
better off, so far as revenue is concerned, if this
work should not be completed. Already the
Canadian Government is arranging for the en-
largement of her canal, to meet the constantly
increasing demands of the trade of our lakes,
and is waiting with the deepest solicitude to
see whether our Government has enough of
independence, self-respect, and a regard for
the rights and interests of our people and its
own honor to give this great work its sanction
and provide for its construction. Itis, then, a
question whether we furnish these facilities for
ourselves within our own borders, under our
own control, available for all purposes and
in every emergency.
I do not believe that the canal revenues of
the State of New York will be lessened one
dollar by the construction of this canal, for
without it the same facilities will be furnished
by the Canadian Government, and our com-
merce will avail itself of them as a matter of
course. But if I am mistaken in this view of the
question the obligation to sustain the measure
is just as strong upon me and upon every
Representative from New York. First, this
work is a national work entirely, free to all our
people, and we should act upon it in our capa-
city as national Representatives. Upon this
question touching the interest of the consumer,
the laborer, and mechanic in our eastern cities,
who has to buy his daily bread, as well as the
interest of the sons of toil in the West who pro-
duce, no narrow, selfish State pride or policy
should intervene to prevent doing the greatest
justice and securing the greatest good to the
greatest number. I should be ashamed to
charge upon the great West any of the evils
resulting from the system of operating our
canals in New York or the poverty and embar-
rassment that their frauds and corruptions have
visited upon our people. They all belong to
ourselves, the system we have adopted, the dis-
honesty we have tolerated too long and too
patiently endured. The canals have done their
duty, and the great West has done its duty by
crowding them with its surplus productions,
and pouring into our Treasury a large propor-
tion of all they have earned since they were
constructed.
What are the facts? In the opposition made
to this measure in the last Congress, and pre-
sented here by the canal officers of my State,
it was assumed, and I think without good
foundation, that this canal, if constructed,
would lessen the revenues from the Erie canal,
and therefore should not be entered upon, even
by the General Government, for general and
national purposes.
In the protest and statement then presented,
and in other public reports, it is stated also
that our canals cost, all told—interest, loans,
damages,enlargement—$100,000,000; and that
between eighty-three and eighty-four millions
have been returned to the treasury of the
State, leaving about fifteen millions of dis-
bursements unreturned. The great central
line, however, which is the one with which
the canal we propose to construct will come in
competition, has more than met its cost, in-
terest, loans, damages, and enlargement, and
has paid into the treasury of the State, in addi-
tion to the above, $9,000,000.
Any deficiency, however, now existing at-
taches to the lateral canals, and cannot justly
enter into this controversy. I do not think,
therefore, it becomes New York, located mid-
way between the West and the East, in the
light of the above showing, to interpose obsta-
cles to the prosecution of this great work, and
thus hazard her best and highest interests. I
sustain this measure rather in the interests
of my State than otherwise. What tends to
quicken, develop,and advance the great West
and invite its productions and wealth east
will fill the lap of New York as inevitably as
water will seek its level. This great tide of
trade and commerce must pour through her
channels in whole or in part, and fill her great
cities and ports with activity and wealth, or if
some small portion moves on further east it
will leave all along her shores and upon her
lines of communication that gain which comes
from their use and by the contact. But I
would warn all who with me feel a deep inter-
est in the prosperity of New York, as well as
a desire to act upon the high stand of the great-
est general good and advantage, to beware
•how they trifle with the expressed and grow-
ing determination of the West to secure every
possible facility and advantage for their com-
merce to carry off their produce. It will force
its way out in some way. You cannot block
it up. If you throw up obstacles to its progress
it will flow over or around them. If you stand
in its way and deny it a route and adequate
facilities it will seek other channels of com-
munication, andat last, whentoolate, ourfolly
and stubbornness will fill us with shame and
cover us with disgrace.
We have already gone so far in our opposi-
tion to this great work that negotiations have
been attempted with the Canadian Govern-
ment to secure the construction of a canal
through Canada between the Georgian bay and
Montreal, and also the speedy enlargement of
the Welland canal. Western Legislatures are
moving in this matter; and it behooves New
York, as represented here, to occupy no doubt-
ful position, but to stand together in favor of
this measure, which commends itself to her
best and highest interests. Certainly no Rep-
resentative from the city of New York should
oppose this measure. It is but another outlet
or au additional facility for the benefits of
commerce to flow into her lap and fill her store-
houses and add to her wealth. Jt can work
no possible disadvantage to her, while in ad-
dition it is her duty, and the duty of her Rep-
resentatives here especially, to stand by the
policy this measure sustains, for its defeat will
bring leanness and poverty to her people. The
more and greater the facilities to trade between
the West and the East the better for all con-
cerned.
Let all our present lines of communication
be improved and enlarged as ability will per-
mit; let the number be increased as the growing
tide of commerce swells with the increase oi'
our population and expands with the constant
development of our enterprise and industrial
power. The business of the great future will
be more than a match for all the provisions we
may make. Our present lines of business, in-
stead of going into decay or not being fully
taxed to their capacity, even when further
improved under the weight and pressure of
what the future will throw upon them, will
enjoy a prosperity not now conceived of, and
will, in my judgment, fall far short of meeting
the demands that will be made upon them.
The East, too, is deeply interested in this
work. Its interest is manifest in what the in-
ternal trade of the country has done for it.
By it the granaries of the mighty West have
been unlocked and their contents poured out
over the East in return for its productions, the
result of its handiwork and skill. The bread
for the million has thus been scattered pro-
fusely among the toiling artisans and laborers
of New England, who wait upon, and expect
from, the surplus and vast resources of the
West sufficient to supply their daily wants. As
you increase facilities for commerce between
the different portions of our country, open up
additional avenues of trade, and multiply the
means of, and accelerate communication, you
at the same time increase legitimate and whole-
some competition, and in the one instance
swell the results of labor, and in the other
place in the hand of toil more ample means of
support. Just in proportion as you multiply
these facilities you invite and encourage indus-
try and enterprise, cheapen transportation, and
in the same proportion cheapen bread, and
add to the comfort and prosperity of all our
people.
This last, but not least, link in the long line
of lake and river communication connectingthe
far West, its rivers and railroads, with the East
and tide-water, should command the support
of every member of this House, not even ex-
cepting my colleague [Mr. Humphrey] of the
Buffalo district. 1 am no party to a policy of
proscription by which any locality or section
shall be crippled to build up another ; neither
will I favor a narrow, selfish, suicidal scheme,
by which great national and general benefits
