1
M6
-M&mm&wQ *tsar-
3i0n1i; (slobe.
[February 9,
h'o. of heps.
Equal Suffrage, Ffench.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
tothirty million dollars annually to the na-
tional Treasury. It will save hundreds" of val-
uable lives every year. It will obviate untold
miseries,wipe out our national injustice, and re-
claitti the poor, neglected, down trodden Indians
from" their present state of abject misery and
restore them to the enjoyments of life-arid its
"attendant blessings, which are the free gift of
God to all of his children.
Nearly two years ago Congress authorized
and gent into the Indian country a commission
composed of some of the first men in the civil
and military service. After a thorough investi-
gation had in the heart of the Indian country,
and alter having sought all the information
which promised to throw light upon the subject,
these- commissioners were forced to the con-
clusion that the principle cause of our troubles
with the warlike tribes is due to the invasion
of their country by the whites, our cruelty to-
ward them, and the bad faith manifested on
•our part in not fulfilling the treaty stipulations
which exist between them and the United
States.
It was agreed by the commissioners that
good faith on the part of the Government toward
the Indians, whose means of subsistence we
have destroyed and whose homes we have in-
vaded, as well as economy in carrying on the
Government, demanded a radical change, and
that a pacific policy was the only one which
held out a promise of success. Accordingly,
treaties were negotiated with most, if not all,
of the hostile tribes east of the Rocky mount-
ains, and although the stipulations for food
•and elothing were long delayed by the Govern-
ment the thirty thousand Sioux who were par-
ties to the treaty remain perfectly friendly to-
day, and will continue so as long as the United
States fulfills its part of the said treaty.
General Harney, an officer of the regular
Army, who has seen more than fifty years of
honorable service, much of which has been in
the Indian country, was selected as one of the
commissioners. He was present and took part
in making all of these late treaties. He knew
just what they contained, what they meant,
■and was wisely selected to take charge of the
large district which had been set apart for the
sole use and occupancy of the Sioux nation. It
was late in the season when this veteran officer
undertook the herculean task of locating and
feeding these Indians through the approaching
winter. _ The only means of transportation to
the district was up the Missouri river, the waters
of which were so low as to more than double
the cost of transportation. There had been but
$200,000 placed in his hands to enable him
to carry into effect the solemn treaty with the
Sioux, who, upon the faith of its guarantees,
had just abandoned the war path and pledged
themselves to a future life of peace and friend-
ship. The number of Indians who, by the
terms of this treaty, were to receive a pound
of beef and a pound of flour per day exceeded
twenty-five thousand in number. Provision
had to be made to feed them for at least six
months. After making allowance for those
who could not get into the reservation before
spring, it was estimated that fifteen thousand
would have to be subsisted for at least six
months_ before supplies could reach them in
the spring. This alone would require three
million six hundred thousand pounds of beef,
which, at a cost of—
Twelve cents per pound, amounts to 5432,000
And 3,600,000 pounds of flour, at ten cents per
pound  360,000
Total $792,000
In addition to these articles it was provided
by treaty that houses should be built, saw-
mills erected, horses and cattle purchased,
farming and mechanical implements supplied
for the use of the Indians; for the faithful per-
formance of which General Harney was pro-
vided with theinsignificantsum of$200,000. He
went forward, encountered the difficulty, and
overcame it. He realizedthatthe issues of peace
and war were in his hands. To fail to carry
out the" letter and spirit of the treaty was to
rekindle the flame of a long, cruel, and costly
Indian war throughout the Northwest, while
the discharge of the national obligation prom-
ised the enjoyment of peaee and tranquillity
throughout that entire section of the country
which had so long been the scene of savage
warfare. By the honest, fearless, and determ-
ined efforts of this just man, this true patriot
and philanthropist, the peace and safety of
our frontiers have been secured, a long and
cruel war arrested, and millions of dollars saved
to the Treasury, while the warmest gratitude
of unnumbered thousands of our citizens in the
Northwest attest the value of the meritorious
services which he has rendered to them and
the country.
But two methods for the adjustment of these
difficulties are now thought of. That pro-
posed and so successfully inaugurated by the
peace commission commends itself to the
favorable consideration of the Christian states-
man, the philanthropist, and the true econ-
omist. By its adoption the Indians will wit-
ness our returning good faith and rejoice; they
will abandon the war-path and settle down
upon their reservations; peace and safety will
reign uninterruptedly throughout our entire
territorial domain; hope will once more be
lighted in the red man's heart, and the spirit
of his brave progenitors will again elevate his
depressed nature. On the contrary, if war,
murder, robbery, and rapine are to be persisted
in, and the policy of extermination, or subju-
gation even, is to be carried out, our frontiers
are doomed to a fresh baptism of fire and blood
unparalleled in the history of Indian warfare,
and our national Treasury will be doomed to
inevitable bankruptcy.
Mr. Speaker, I have entered on the last month
of my congressional duties. I neither ask nor
desire political honors. A sense of duty alone
has prompted me to the consideration of this
subject. On the page of my country's history
these feeble utterances in behalf of this down-
trodden race will stand as a lasting admonition
of past cruelty and neglect toward all the Indian
tribes of this country, and as a warning of judg-
ments to come, if time continues and God
reigns, t unless we discharge the obligations
which He has imposed upon this Government
toward this oppressed and pei^ecuted people.
Equal Suffrage and the Material Develop-
ment of the Country.
SPEECH OP HON. JOHN R. FRENCH,
of north carolina,
Ik the Hopse of Representatives,
February 9, 1869,
On the constitutional amendment relating to suffrage
and the material development of the country.
Mr. FRENCH. Mr. Speaker, we hear much
of the "lessons learned of the war." And
there have been lessons well learned, many
and valuable; of value to us and to our chil-
dren, and of priceless value to the nations that
may come after us. But in my judgment, sir,
the great lesson of the war, the one which
towers above all others in the infinitude of its
worth, and in which we find the recompense
for the great cost of the eonquest, is this: the
conviction which has come home to the hearts
of the American people that there is a God.
Our fathers were a God-fearing people, but
we, their children, with the professions of our
fathers upon our lips, were in our hearts and
lives a nation of blank atheists. So the war
found us; so it was prosecuted through its
first sad years. But through terrific sacrifice
and overwhelming disappointment and dis-
comfiture we slowly learned that there was a
God of justice, who held nations as well as
individuals to a Stern stewardship. When we
had learnsd this lesson, then the negro was
welcomed to the ranks; then the nation put
its hand to the proclamation of emancipation ;
then victory came and encamped with our
armies, for then we were fighting side by side
with God's eternal equities.
This living belief in God has lifted the nation
up out of its stupid sensuality, its sordid wor-
ship of gold and love of personal aggrandize-
ment, and the public conscience begins to rec-
ognize questions of right and "duty, and the
single eye of honest intent begins to discern
not only the purpose of God in all our past his-
tory, but catches gleams of the growing light
of His providence, which is opening up our
future way. * So long as this faith burns in the
public heart so long will the nation march with
a firm and reliant step along the high road of
prosperous success. In this faith the nation
to-day demands equal suffrage for all her citi-
zens; the ballot, which is at once authority
and protection, a badge of power, and a shield
of defense, a schoolmaster for the ignorant,
a lifter-up of the lowly, and a bond of fraternal
union for all. I am glad to mark the indica-
tions that this Congress is ready to respond to
this demand of thepublic conscience, and ready
to take steps for planting this doctrine of equal
suffrage in the fundamental law of the land.
When during this debate the eternal right
and equity of the proposition has been pressed
upon our attention, men who yet grope in the
twilight have told us of the different colors of
the human family, as if human rights were to
be measured by such accidents, and essayed to
prejudice the measure by stigmatizing it as a
proposition for the benefit of the negro race.
What if it be so ? The dogma that " the negro
has no rights which a white man is bound to
respect" is dead, as well as its great judicial
expounder.
When the nation was in the hour of its direst
peril General Sherman was consulted as to
the wisdom of arming the negro. " If you
place the musket in his hands, and he perils
his life for the nation," replied the brave and
true man, " it would be very mean afterward
to withhold from the same hands the ballot."
And so answers the heart and conscience of
every man in whose veins flows blood and not
water. And he was armed—two hundred thou-
sand black men stepped forth to the defense of
the nation, and under perils unknown to the
white soldier. They led the terrible assaults at
Port Hudson and Fort Wagner, and with their
dead bodies filled the trenches at Petersburg
and Richmond that the soldiers of the Union
might march over to victory.
History, sir, will compel us to say that it was
the black skin that could always be trusted; it
was the black man who never betrayed; where
ever you found a negro there was a soul loyal
to the Union and true to our country's flag.
Never in the annals of history was there such
an example of universal fidelity and faith.
Among the twelve Apostles of our Saviour
there was a Judas. There was a traitor among
the Spartan band of Leonidas. Our revolu-
tionary army had its Benedict Arnold. The
cause of Hungary had its Gorgey, who be-
trayed it at Yillagos. The cause of Henry VI
and Warwick was lost by the desertion of Clar-
ence. Harold, the Saxon, was betrayed by his
own brother, Tosti. Maximilian had his Lopez,
and in short, as far back as history carries us
into the dominions of the past, treason has
played its part. There was no cause, no army,
no faith, without its traitors, until the universal
experience of mankind was challenged, for the
first time in history, by the example of the
negro race. Of four million negroes there
was not one who betrayed the man who came
to him with the magic words, "I am a Union
soldier, help me, hide me, save me, my colored
friend 1" Show me a case in history which is
equal to this of a whole race of millions of
black men and women throughout the land
