1322
THE GONGRESSIOML GLOBE.
February 17,
I
of the country, have been based and predicated
very much on tliis ik)>v apparently permanent!
institution. Therefore, when we change,the
character of that law, when we legislate so as
to affect the powers or the duties of those insti-
tutions, we to that extent necessarily more or
less affect all these moneyed interests of the
country which have been predicated and, ad-
justed upon the existing state of things under
that law. Therefore I caution gentlemen to be
exceeding careful in acting upon the proposed
amendments which make- alterations in the
resent law, because as the law may be altered
_.y Congress so will all these great interests be
to that extent more or less affected.
The Committee on Banking and Currency
have proposed an amendment to or substitute
for the fourth section of the Senate bill, by
which , they propose not to alter the present
volume of the currency, >vhioh.is limited to
J300.000,000, but to take from the existing
institutions incorporated under the original act
a certain proportion of the capital and give it
to the South and the West, under the idea
that it is necessary to create equality. The
theory of the amendment, as I understand it,-
is that we shall distribute this-privilege equally,
fairly, and equitably to all sections of the coun-
try. Well, sir, equality is very right; it sounds
well; it is well. I have no d<?ubt the Almighty
originally created us all equal; but circum-
stances, superior energy, ability, resources, or
local advantages very soon altered this and
produced very great inequality. Now, those
monetary transactions in the country arc based
very much upon a like principle. There are
sections of the country that require no banking
capital whatever. There are sections of the
North, East, South, and West where banking
institutions would be totally useless, because
there would be no trade upon which the bank
could exist. Even in the State of New York
aflur being established they have been discon-
tinued because there was not business sufficient
to sustain them. Therefore, when we attempt
to say arbitrarily that those States which have
bo much banking capital shall only have so
much, in my judgment we aie attempting to
violate a law of trade which is paramount to
any law that Congress can pass. I therefore
roeoramend gentlemen to be careful what they
do. By divesting New Yorkj for instance, of
a portion of hor hanking capital, which is now
used for the benefit of the whole country, bo-
cause it is disseminated everywhere, the result
may prove very disastrous to all sections of the
country. Trade regulates itself. The laws of
supply and demand, the comiucrcial instinct
of profit and of gain, will regulate all questions
of that character.
Why, sir, the Evening Star of last night has
a telegraphic dispatch from New York in
which we are told that a large amount, of cur-
rency was sent yesterday from New York to
the South, and we know that in the months of
September and October a large amount was
sent to the West to move the crops of the West,
and was sent from New York to the South to
move the cotton and other crops of the South.
We, therefore, of the great focus of trade, the
commercial center of the country, are ready,
according to the instincts of our own interests,
to furnish all the currency and banking capi-
tal which the wants and necessities and the
agricultural resources of any sectiou of the
country may demand. I have not time to go
any further in this line of remark.
One word now as to my amendment. In my
judgment the effect of the present banking
system is that it has no central point of redemp-
tion. Banks put their circulation in existence
without ever expecting to see it again. Tlicy
never see it again. They are not obliged to,
redeem it under this law. As the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has just
properly said, there is no redemption ; there is
no power to call upon the banks for periodical
redemption, and hold them accountable for the
issue which they emit. I therefore propose to
create, under the direction of the Comptroller
of the Currency, some central point to'which
every dollar issued by national banks shall find
its way for redemption. I would moreover
direct the Secretary of the Treasury to seal up
all national bank notes received for payment
of taxes and send those bank notes to the point
of redemption to be redeemed in legal-tender
notes; and I would provide further that, peri-
odically at least, these national banks shall be
required to redeem a portion of their issue in
the constitutional currency of the country,
gold and silver. In that way we can regulate
this system; but we must be careful not to;
destroy it. We have power to regulate it, and,
we should regulate it. We should protect the
billholders ; we should protect the trading
interests of the country ; we should provide
a system of expaftsion and contraction; we
should give the currency elasticity,so that where
the great volume of trade requires so much cur-
rency at one point there it shall go, and it
should flow backward and forward according
to the laws of supply and demand.
Mr. BARNES.. I desire to ask my colleague .
if it is possible for any community to thrive pro-
portionately in its industries if it is compelled
to hire its money and pay interest and com-
pelled continually to redeem within fifty days,
which is now shown to be the case throughout
the southern States ?
Mr. WOOD. I have no doubt of it at all.
I believe that any community can thrive pro-
vided it has productive industries and resources
and thrift; and I believe that New York is able
to furnish all the capital that any section of the
country requires for any legitimate business
purposes. All attempts to equalize interest
and exchange are at fault. There is a higher
law than any law of Congress governing ex-
change between pointand point. I liaveoffered
my amendment, therefore, for the purpose of
remedying the defects in the existing law and
creating a responsibility 011 the part of these
banks for the redemption of their issue peri-
odically, at least.
Mr. Pomeroy resumed the floor.
Mr. GUIS WOLD. I desire to ask my col-
league how much time he has left?
Mr. POME ROY. 1 believe I have twelve
minutes.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Can my colleague yield
me five minutes?
Mr. POMEROY. IhopetheHousewillallow
my colleague five minutes without its coming
out of my time.
Mr. ALLISON. I movo that unanimous
consent be given to the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Grikwold] to speak for five min-
utes upon this question, not to be taken from
the time of the chairman of the Committee on
Banking and Currency, [Mr. Pomeroy.}
No objection was made.
Mr. fNGERSOLL. I shall ask to have the
same time allowed me to explain my amend-
ment.
Mr. GRTSWOLD. Mr. Speaker, I should
have been glad if I could have succeeded in
obtaining the floor to discuss some points of
the bill now before the House. But as I have
been unable to do so I must confine my re-
mai ks, for the short time I have to speak, to
replying to souk; portions of the debate which
occurred when this bill was last under consid-
eration. I would have been glad, among other
things, to have given my reasons ill favor of
the amendment offered by the distinguished
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] to
which I should be inclined to adhere in pref-
erence to the bill now before the House. Bat
as 1 have no time for that, I have sent to the
Clsrk's desk an amendment to section two of
the Senate bill, to strike out the word "thirty"
and insert in lieu thereof the word "ninety,"
before the word "days," in, line twenty-two
of the printed bill. That is for the purpose
of giving the banks that have already taken
steps to detach themselves from the national
banking system and to reorganize under the
State banking law the same time within which
to deposit United States notes for the redemp-
tion of their-eurrfency—that is, ninety days-*-
that .is allowed to banks, that may hereafter
take steps to reorganize as State banks.
And I desire to say to my distinguished friend
from Iowa [Mr. Price] that in-the instances
cited by him during the debate the other day
the gentlemen who were arraigned here are
neither violators of the law nor evaders of the
law. They have a full appreciation of thew
duties under the law; but at the same time
they believe that, in reference to.mere busi-
ness .question^, they are better judges of their
own business than any one else can be.
Mr. PRICE. Not excepting the Comptroller
of the Currency.
Mr. GRISWOLD. It is known to the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. PrioeJ that the national
banking law was substantially copied from the
baukiag law of the .State of New. Yorlc. The
prominent features of the national banking
law, as it-stands to-day upon the statute-book,
are in effect but duplicated from the banking
law of the State of New York. But there are
some provisions in the law to which business
men of intelligence and judgment object. They
believe that the provision for tying up from
fifteen to twenty-five per cent, of their circula-
tion-and deposits is a.n unnecessary provision;
that if the Government protects the billholder,
if the currency of the country is sufficiently
protected, then the other business of the bank
should be controlled by the same laws as any
other business.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. That is right.
Mr. GRISWOLD. As between the banks
and the depositors this is a simple business
proposition. If I see fit, either for reasons of
convenience or business, to deposit my funds
in an organized bank, it is my duty to consider
whether I am safe or not in so doing. AVhen
the billholder is protected, the locking up of
fifteen or twenty-five per cent, of this amount
of money is onerous, unnecessary, and unprofit-
able.
There is another feature of the banking law
to which they object; that is the somewhat
inquisitorial character of the bank examina-
tion. There are gentlemen in my city con-
ducting banking institutions who believe that
their own judgment is better, in regard to the
management of their business, whether they
shall loan ten or twenty-five per cent, of the
as to a matter of business, profit, and safety they
are far better judges than any bank examiner
can be.
And there are other features of the national
banking law to which they object.. Those gen-
tlemen in my own locality who have taken
steps for reorganizing their banks under the
amount of their capital to any individual—that
Siate law to my certain knowledge desire to
do everything they can do to comply with the
law. They are perfectly ready and willing
to deposit United States notes in place of their
circulation. They wish to organize under the
State law, even in view of the fact that by so
doing they will be deprived hereafter of all the
benefits of that circulation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I now ask unanimous
consent of the House to speak for fire minutes
in explanation of my amendment, not to come
out of the time of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Pomeroy.]
No objection was made; and leave was ac-
cordingly granted.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I notice that my amend-
ment has been printed erroneously, probably
in consequence of an inaccuracy of my own m
transcribing it. I moved to strike out sections
two and four of the Senate bill, but it appears
upon our files as a proposition to strike out
sections two and three of the bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The correc-
tion will be made.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
call the attention of the House to this proposi-
tion which I have offered as an amendment.
In the first place, it proposes that so long as,
we have a national banking system it shall be
