1869.
JPE comnmsiONuih globs
1323
a free system, so that any citizens of the United.
States, in whatever section of the country,they
may reside, may. if they deem it a good invest-
ment, establish a bank without regard to the
amount of circulation or hawking capital which'
any other State may have. Why do members
here insist that there shall be a restriction by
law with reference to the amount of capital
that may be invested in banking'business or in
regard to the amount of .circulation thatthe;
banks shall issue, when it is admitted thatthe
whole of this circulation is well secured to the.
billholder 1 No one asks for legislation rega-,
lating the amount of. corn that shall be raised
in the State of Illinois, or the amount of iron
that shall be smelted in the State of Pennsylva-
nia, or the amount of cofjper that shall be
mined in the States of Michigan or Tennessee,
or the amount of wheat that shall be raised in
the States of Wisconsin, Iowa, or Ohio. Why
not leave the amount of the banking circulation,
to be regulated, as all these other things are
regulated, by the law of supply and demand,
trade and commerce, and the business demands
of the country generally? Why iakke an arbi-
trary tale that thirty-fire "or forty millions of-
people shall have but $300j000,000 of banking
circulation f, Why not leave the intelligent
business men of the eoutitry to say how much
circulation they shall have? While you require
them to furnish ample security to the bill-
bolder for" such circulation there is no danger
that there will be too much circulation. If the
banks put into circulation too much currency-
more than the business interests of the country
require—there will be no demand for it; the
banks will have no use for it in making loans
and discounts ; and they will find it to their
advantage to return the excess to the Treas-
urer of the United States and withdraw their
bonds rather than attempt to keep afloat an
amount of circulation that is not required for
the legitimate business purposes of the coun-
try. Let men have freedom, is the motto of
republics and of the Republican party, and
also, I hope, so far at least as business is con-
cerned, of the Democratic party. Let the
enterprising and energetic businessmen of this
country be left free to decide for themselves
whether they will invest their capital in con-
structing railroads, in building canals, in open-
ing mines, or if they please in carrying on the
banking business. Let the banking business,
like other legitimate business, be free and un-
trammeled, provided the billholder be secured
against loss by this circulating medium known
as currency or national bank notes. I hare
not yet heard from any gentleman on this floor
any good reason why we should maintain the
present limitation upon the circulation of the
country restricting the amount to $300,000,000.
Gentlemen tell us that unless some restric-
tion be established by law there will bearedun-
dancy of this circulation. I ask gentlemen
whether there will be a redundancy if the rate
of interest on the bonds deposited as security
for this currency be reduced to three or four
per cent., instead of keeping it, aa at present, at
six per cent, iti gold. In my judgment, if the
interest on the bonds of the banks' be reduced
to three per cent, there will be no redundancy
of currency. Unless men can figure out that
they can make money by keepiug on deposit
three per cent, bonds and using the circulation
obtained therefor they will not organize a na-
tional bank.
Mr. PRICE. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoi.l] what was the
condition of the currency in his own State ten
years ago?
Mr. 1NG-ERSOLL. It was very bad-
wretched: because there was no good security
for it. But the currency we now have is well
secured.
Mr. PRICE. The security for your bank
notes under the old system was State bonds.
Mr, INGERSOLL. Yes ; but in many in-
stances bonds of States that afterward went into
rebellion ; a(id the people of my State suffered
a loss of $6,OOO,0OQ on that kind of currency.
Mr. PRICE. That was before the rebellion*
Mr.. INGERSOLL. That makes no differs
etice. Nothing of that kind could happen
under our present system. While the Gov-
ernment bond is good the bill or note issued
upon it will be good. While the Government
itself is solvent the holders of national bank
notes are secure against possible loss.
[Here the hammer fell.]
_ Mr. " BARNES. Mf. Speaker, new ques-
tions h^ye been_ introduced into this debate,
and I.ask unanimous consent of the Hotise
to speak for three minutes, not'to come out of
the time of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Pomesot.]
Mr. POMEROY. I must object, as the
House is anxious to come to a yote. But I will
give the gentleman three minutes out of* my
time.
Mr. BARNES. I am much obliged to the
gentleman. I did not wish to eBcroach on his
limited time.
Mr. Speaker, it has been asserted upon this,
floor that the business interests of the country
WQuld. be best promoted by the accumulation
of capital in certain localities which shall be-
come the banking centers for the entire United
States.. Now, I put it to the good sense of"
this House whether any community that is
compelled to hire its money, which mast be
returned within an average of fifty or fifty-five
days, as is the case throughout the entire south-
ern States, can successfully carry on its com-
mercial business and at the same time make
those improvements in the form of warehouses,
canals, railroads, &c.-, which are required for
the permanent prosperity of the country. I
maintain that for any community to thrive it
mustbe, so far as possible, thecustodianand the
owner of its own money. The first principle
in reference to the distribution of money is to
so regulate the banking system that in every
locality, whenever an enterprise is started which
requires one or two years for its completion,
they may feel satisfied that they can control
enough money at the usual rate of interest and
long enough to complete that work.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, I would ask
the chairman of the committee [Mr. Pomeroy]
to accept of an amendment that the proposed
deduction shall not be made pro rata from
banks of States who are alleged to have more
than their share of banking capital, as some
parts of such States, especially the country,
have nothing like their share, while the cities
have considerable more.
Mr. POMEROY. I will agree to an amend-
ment that will meet it.
Mr. MILLER. Very well, then.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. Speaker, in the few
minutes that are left it' is impossible for me,
of course, to discuss the various substitutes
which have been proposed for the fourth sec-
tion. If I can only get the House back again
to the point of departure from which we started
on Saturday last to consider this bill, aside
from all other measures, I shall have accom-
plished all I desire, This fourth section refers
solely to the twenty-first section of the national
banking law as amended in 1865. It does not
refer to the Senate amendments to the forty-
fifth section of the national currency act, to
which no objection has been raised. It. does
not refer to the Senate amendments to the
fiftieth section, to which no objection has been
raised. It does not refer to the forty-second
section, to which no objection has been raised
except by the gentleman from Massachusetts ;
and I propose .to devote a minute or two to the
amendment introduced by him.
You will bear in mind that the second sec-
tion of the Senate bill has sole reference to the
forty-second section of the national currency
act. The amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts applies principally to the fiftieth
section. So far as that is concerned 1 am with
him ; and when the propertime comes to amend
that I shall go with him to provide that in the
case of insolvent banks interest upon bonds
deposited to secure Government deposits shall
be held back to protect the Government against
loss from such deposits*. But_, sir, in the-case
of a solvent bank seekjpg to wind up its nffaira
it must pay its deposits due to the United
States b.efore it can go into' liquidation ; it
moat pay'its deposits due to the United States
before it can wind up its affairs. Wherever the
bank payst over such deposits to. the United
States, it should receive hack the.bonds depos-*
ited as security for them. So,far as the solvent,
banis are concerned,;I maintain that the law
as it existed when the .bank was organized is
in the nature of a contract between the Gov-
ernment and.the bank. ,• ,;
•tsay that injustice and iia fairness the solvent
bank should be allowed to wind up.its affairs
under that contract. I do not claim that it i3
a strict legal contract, but it is such a one aa,
I deem binding .upon us equitably to entitle
the bank to a return pfthe bonds deposited aa
security for the circulation whenever United
States notes equal to the amount of the circu-
lation are presented by a solvent bank. But,
so far as insolvent banks are concerned, I agree
with the gentleman from Massachusetts. J
think that some provision ought to be intro-
duced on the subject; and if the gentleman pnts
it in the form of an amendment to the fiftieth
section, I think it should receive the approval
of the House. That is all I have the time to
say in regard to the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from ^Massachusetts.
As to these general propositions presented
as amendments to the fourth section, all I have,
to say is that so far as the national bank act is
concerned, having been honored, with a seat
here at the time of the passage of that act, I
voted against it. I voted against it then, believ-
ing, as I now believe, that the free banking law
of the State of New York, so far as its citizens
were concerned, was and is a better law : but
when the majority of the House decided that
not only the free banking law of New York,
but the banking laws of every other Stateshould
be set aside and we should establish the pres-
ent national bank system, I, for one, accepted
the situation, and have been true and loyal to
this banking system. It was not possible at
once to devise a system perfect and. complete
in all its parts, and no person has been more
conscious than myself that many amendments
are necessary to perfect.aod complete it.
If I am asked why the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency have not devoted themselves
to such a perfection of this bill, my answer is
this : the day has hot been since this national
bank act was passed when I believed it was
wise or discreet in the American Congress to
undertake to adjust finally its currency system,
to fund its debt, or to make any other perma-
nent arrangement in regard to its financial con-
cerns. I have believed the first thing to be
done was to reconstruct the Union and restore
it to its original integrity. I believed it was
further necessary that the antagonism which
has unfortunately existed for the past three
years between the executive and the legislativa
branches of the Government should be ended,
and that these great financial questions should
be permanently settled in a time of universal
pea.ee and quiet, in a time of accord between
the different branches of the Government; and
I believe it is within the wisdom and capacity
of the Forty-First Congress to permanently
establish the credit of these United States, .to
fund its debt, and to so'amend and revise the
national bank system as to meet the wants of
erery portion of the country. All we have
sought to do now is to correct certain defects
which are pointed out specifically, and there
stop and rest until the time shall come for a
thorough revision of the whole system.
Now, as I have before stated, we have sim-
ply the three amendments, to which I have
before referred, contained in the first three
sections of the Senate bill, and the proposed
amendments to the twenty-first sectiou of the
| act as amended in 1S<35. The objeet of this
| last amendment, as I stated on Saturday, is to
j provide some currency for the southern States
j and for those other States and Territories that
1 are without their due proportion. The act
