1869.}
MfESJDM GONGB1SST0NAt GLOBE.
149
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Ilailroad/rom Washington to New York—Mr. CuM&m.
Ho. op Reps.
fold. In another century, at this rate of increase,
our population will exceed that of China and require
the entire continent. We now hold Maine and
Alaska, which overlap the territory of Great Britain,
and we already require the forests and arable lands
of British America.
"Nearly the whole British America, from Lake
Superior to the Pacific, is now held by the Hudson
Bay Company as a hunting-field, and yields it a rev-
enue of $275,000 only, or five per cent, less than the
cost of Alaska. What afield is there found for Secre-
tary Seward I Were British America annexed we
should require no barriers or eustom-houses from
Quebec to Sitka, and should save ia the revenue we
now lose by smuggling and custom-house expenses
the interest of twice the cost of Alaska. Is not the
acquisition of British America and the admission of
the provinces as States of our Union the true solu-
tion of our questions with Great Britain? Were the
provinces members of our Union we should at once
relinquish the intercolonial railway through the
wilds of New Brunswick and complete the European
and American line from Halifax and Louisburg to
Bangor, and thus reduce to six days the run from the
Cove of Cork to Bosto.n, and reach Japan in four
weeks from London. We should at once deepen the
canals of theSt. Lawrence, make a ship-canal around
Niagara, carry the navigable waters of the St. Law-
rence into Lake Champlain, and join hand in hand
with the people of the provinces in opening the rail-
way from Lake Superior to the Red River of the
North and the forks of the Missouri. Thus should
we open to commerce the great wheat-fields of the
Assiniboin, Saskatchewan, and Peace rivers, where
the elk and buffalo of the plains now resort to calve
and winter.
"A ton of sugar is now carried from Boston to
Chicago, via Ogdensburg, for six dollars, and may be
taken lor the same rate to the head of Lake Superior;
with a direct railway finished to the Red river wheat
may at this rate be taken from the valley of the
Saskatchewan to Boston or New York for twenty-
five cents a bushel. The prolific West requires new
avenues to the sea-board, and the cheapest route is
by propellers to thefoot of Lake Ontario, and thence
by rail to the sea-shore.
"Coder the eensus of lS60our annual yield of Indian
corn was returned at eight hundred and thirty-six
million bushels, while wheat was comparatively
deficient—actually less by one third than the yield
of France, as it was but one hundred and seventy-
two million bushels in 1859, the year preceding the
census. It gave us, however, seventeen million
bushels in grain and flour for exportation in 1860.
Since 1859 the high price of flour has stimulated pro-
duction; new farms have been opened, and new
railways built in Iowa, Wisconsin, and Minnesota,
and the culture of wheat has become more profitable
than the gold mines in California; and this year,
with a propitious season, our crop of wheat is rated
at nearly three hundred million bushels, which should
give a surplus of one hundred million bushels for
exportation. Nor have we yet reached the maxi-
mum of production. The land and climate of Min-
nesota,^ the route of theNorth Pacific, the valleys
of the lied river of the North, the Assiniboin and
Saskatchewan rivers are adapted to winter wheat,
and give larger and surer crops than Ohio or Illinois.
A short railway of two hundred and fifty miles from
the head of Lake Superior to the Red river, which
may be built for half the money paid out in divi-
dends at Boston on the 1st of July, would open to
commerce those valleys, and permit the delivery of
their wheat at a freight of thirty cents a bushel in
Boston. In the rich valleys and on the fertile hill-
sides of California wheat yields, without fertilizers,
more than fifty bushels to the acre; and asingle man,
with the aid of improved mechanism—reapers, drums,
and threshers—raises five thousand bushels. There
ten farmers, or one farmer with nine assistants, can
load a ship of a thousand tons with wheat costing the
farmer but twenty-five cents per bushel: and, at one
time last spring, there were one hundred and fifty
ships on their way from San Francisco to the Atlantic
ports, laden with seven million bushels of wheat,
the only check to production being a deficiency of
ships, and the circuit by Cape Horn, which allows a
ship to make but one voyage to the year. Were a
canal cut through the isthmus each|ship could make
two voyages in a year, and with the screw each ship
could make five voyages, in place of two, each sea-
son to New York. So large is the area fit for wheat
fields in California and Oregon, that, after reserving
ample space for vineyards and sheep-walks, which
nearly equal the culture of wheat in importance,
twenty thousand men—actually less than the emi-
gration of a single year—could produce there annu-
ally a hundred million bushels, on three thousand
square miles, near navigable waters, and load two
thousand ships of one thousand tons with wheat.
One fourth of those ships might be built annually on
the coasts of California, Oregon, the Straits of Fuca
and Alaska; for there the toweririg pines and cedars
stand waiting for the shipwrights on the very sea-
shore, and the first freight of wheat would suffice to
pay one third of the cost of construction.
"A nation like ours, with a front on each ocean,
and such resources, should, by due concessions and
subsidies* set the shipwright in motion and bhould
connect the two oceans,"
This nation, Mr. Speaker, cannot go back-
ward ; neither can she stand still, if she would,
either in her defense of liberty or in her grand
material enterprises. Her only way is forward
and upward! The American people have suf-
fered for principle, a,nd learned how good a
thing it is to make sacrifices in the line of duty.
Let us stand fast by the faith born of such
experience,, remembering that we lead the na-
tions in the ma^eh of civilisation. Above our
heads burns the star of empire! Our fathers'
God still encamps with us. His Providence,
like a pillar of light, leads the way. The nation
is brought squarely face to face with the doe-
trine of the proposed constitutional amend-
ment. We cannot do otherwise than accept
the issue. To falter on this question is alike
false to our fathers and treacherous to our
children. Let the Republic grow until she fills
the continent; but let her support and guar-
antee be the common love and the common
sacrifice of all her citizens, native and adopted,
white and black, Americans all, with equal
voice and equal protection. Peace unbroken
will then reign in all our borders, and th#
eternal blessing succeed all our efforts for ma-
terial and commercial growth. To-day we are
a new people, born of sacrifice and baptized in
blood. Master and slave, years of indolence
and vice, paltry counseling of our fears, and a
cowardly lack of faith in truth and right, are
all of the past. Let us catch the quickening
spirit of the new dispensation and resolutely
go forward to the material conquest of this
glorious continent of ours, and the establish-
ing of freedom among mankind.
"Ring out the old, ring in the new ;
Ring out the false, ring in the truel
" Ring out false pride in place and blood,
The civic slander and the spite;
Ringin the love of truth and right;
Ring in the common love of good!
" Ring out old shapes of foul disease,
Ring oat the narrowing iust of gold,
Ring out the thousand wars of old.
Ring in the thousand years of peace!
" Ring in the valiant man and free.
The larger heart, the kindlier hand;
Ring out the darkness of the land;
Ring m the Christ that is to be!"
In Dresden there is an iron egg, the history
of which is something like this: a young
prince sent this iron egg to a lady to whom he
was betrothed. She received it, held it in her
band, and looked at it with disdain. In her
indignation that he should send her such a gift
she cast it to the earth. When it touched the
ground a spring, cunningly hidden in the egg,
opened, and a silver yolk rolled out. She
touched a secret spring in the yolk and a
golden chicken was revealed. She touched a
spring in the chicken and a ruby crown was
found within. She touched a spring in the
crown and within it was a diamond marriage-
ring. The great God in his mystery threw
down to us ail iron egg. It was rusted with
tears and clotted with blood. We took it in
our hands and looked at it. We lifted our
eyes to Heaven and said, u Great Father,
what broods of devils may be hatched from
this?" but as we let it fall a spring was touched
and a silver yolk rolled out that spread like a
broad shield of patriotism all over the land in
the days that followed the dismantling of Sum-
ter. When the spring was touched again there
came out, not a single golden chicken, but a
glorious brood of them — Ellsworth, Banks,
Burnside, Hooker, Foot, Siegel, Shields, Lo-
gan, Meade, McPherson, Sheridan, Sherman,
Grant. Then we found each a spring, and when
we touched the spring we found within each a
ruby for a crown. Shields gave us Winchester ;
Logan, Donelson; McPherson, Vicksburg;
Sheridan, Five Forks; Sherman, the Caroli-
nas; Farragut gave us New Orleans and Mo-
bile; Grant, the noblest Roman of them all,
gave us the Republic. When all these rubies
were gathered we put them i% a crown, and
in the crown there was a spring. We touched
it, and within was the diamond ring of Union,
unbroken still! And with God's help we have
placed it on the nation's finger, and she shall
wear it evermore. Grant's election is a grand
augury of the nation's future peace, prosperity,
and perpetuity. Goo save the Repcbuc !
Railroad from Washington to Sew Tort.
REMARKS OF HON. S. M. CULLOM,
of illinois,
i# the House of Representatives,
February 9, 1869.
The Ilouse having under consideration the bill
(II. R. No. 621) to authorize the building of a mili-
tary and postal railway from Washington, District
of Columbia, to the city of New York—
Mr. CULLOM said:
Mr. Speaker; The bill before the House
proposes to authorize the building of a military
and postal railroad from this city to New York.
It proposes to charter a company to be called
the New York and Washington Railway Com-
pany, which shall have perpetual succession ;
which shall have power in the name of and on
behalf of the United States to survey, locate,
lay out, construct, equip, maintain, operate,
use, collect tolls upou, and enjoy a continuous
line of railway of one or more tracks between
the political capital of the nation and the great
commercial city of the nation. It does not pro-
pose that the Government of the United States
shall appropriate any money to accomplish this
great object. I believe I may say that there is
no exact precedent for this proposed legislation.
The Government has never yet done exactly
what is proposed now to be done by the passage
of this bill. It has appropriated money for
internal improvements of one kind and another
from the beginning of the Government, but has
never undertaken to charter railroad compa-
nies. There have been millions of dollars
appropriated by the Government for the im-
provement of harbors, for deepening channels
of rivers, and for building post roads in differ-,
ent parts of the country. Such appropriations,
so far as rivers and harbors are concerned, are
made annually by the Government, aud the
difficulty is not that anybody questions our
right to make such appropriations, but it is
that we cannot make them large enough to
satisfy the demands of commerce. Until the
necessity for it seemed to pass away appropri-
ations were made annually for the building of
post roads all over the country in the different
States, and the roads were built by the Gov-
ernment and the money spent under its own
direction and control.
Mr. Speaker, I find an old document, a re-
port made by one Colonel Abert, who was-at
the head of the Bureau of Topographical En-
gineers, the report being made in response to
a resolution of the Senate, which gives a state-
ment of all the appropriations made by Congress
for the construction and repairs of roads, har-
bors and fortifications, improvement of rivers,
&c., in the States and Territories for the years
mentioned in the report. This report shows,
I think very conclusively, that the people and
Government in those days believed that it was
the constitutional right of the Government to
do substantially what seemed to be necessary
to be done for the protection of the Govern-
ment and the advantage of the people. From
1806 to 1845 over seventeen million dollars
were appropriated for these general improve-
ments, and a very considerable share of it was
for making roads : not railroads, but dirt and
gravel roads. About two millions was spent
in making what is known as the Cumberland
road through and in the States of Maryland,
Pennsylvania, and Virginia j over two millions
appropriated for the State of Ohio; over one
million for the road in Indiana, and $750,000
for the road in my own State. These appro-
priations were made by Congress, running
through a series of years from 1806 to 1845,
and received the approval of Presidents Jef-
ferson, Madison, Monroe, J. Q. Adams, Jack-
son, and Van Buren. The system of internal
improvement which was then earned ou- by
the Government SHpp^rted the strong-
est men of tl}§ £§^0;^ whom w$re
Clay, ^fphster, ftp'3 Calhoun. Th© question
