186#.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
:mn
Ait act (H. B, N o. 1453) for the relief of
William Grant Powers;
Ah act (H. R. No. 1974) to prevent loaning
money upon United States notes; and a
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 452) for the re-
lief of Leonard Pierce, jr., late'United States
consul at Matamorag, Mexico.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. BARNES asked and obtained leave of
absence after to-day until Tuesday next.
COMMITTEE OF CLAIMS.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask, by unanimous con-
sent, that Friday, after the morning hour, be
devoted to reports from the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Mon-
ger and Mr. Norms for"to-day, and to Mr.
Griswold, Mr. Blair, Mr. Stoveb, and Mr.
McKee for the evening session,
NATIONAL OUKRSNey.
The House resumed, the consideration of
Senate bill No. 440, supplementary to an aet
entitled "Aw act to provide a.pational cur-
rency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof," approved June 3, 1864.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The next
amendment is one offered by the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Cokukn] as a substitute for
section four of the Senate bill.
The ameudment was read, as follows:
Strike out section four of the bill, ajidjnsert in lieu
thereof the following:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That 16 secure
a better distribution of the national banking'cur-
rency there may be issued circulation notes to bank-
ing associations organized in States and Territories
having a less banking circulation than their pro rata
above, as herein set forth. Andthecirculationhereln
authorized shall, within three year3 if required, be
Withdrawn pro rata from banks organized in States
" having a circulation exceeding that provided for by
the act entitled "An act to amend an act entitled
'An act to provide for a national currency seeured
by pledge of United States bonds, and to provide for
the circulation and redemption thereof,' approved
March 3,18G5." To ascertain which the Comptroller
of the Currency shall, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury, make a statement show-
' ing the amount of circulation to foe retired by each
of such banks; and shall, when circulation is re-
quired, make a requisition for such amount upon
such banks, commencing with banks in States having
the largest excess of circulation, and reducing only
the circulation of those having the greatest propor-
tion in excess, leaving undisturbed those'having a
smaller proportion until those in greater excess have
been reduced to the saraegrade; and continuing thus
to make the reduction in such States having an ex-
cess until the circulation of such bank shall, as nearly
as possible, be equalized ^mong the States and Ter-
ritories according to tbe appraised value of all prop-
erty, real and personal, within such States and Ter-
ritories; the same to be ascertained by the certified
statements of the Governors of such States and Ter-
ritories made biennially to the Secretary of the
Treasury; but this act shall not apply to $150,000,000
of said circulation, which shall be aistri buted accord-
ing to representation in Congress. And upon failure
of such bank to return the amountso required within
one year aforesaid it shall be the duty of the Comp-
troller of the Currency to sell at public auction,
having given twenty days' notice in a newspaper
printed in Washington city and New York city, an
amount of bonds deposited by said bank as security
for its circulation equal to the circulation to be
■withdrawn from such bank, and with the proceeds
to redeem so many of the notes of such bank as they
coine into the Treasury as will equal the ambunt
required from it: Provided, That the circulation
herein authorized shall be issued only as circulation
is withdrawn, so that the aggregate of circulation
shall not at any time exceed $300,000,000.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were-—^yes 58, noes 34; no quorum vot-
ing.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Cobuhx and
Mr. TwicHEixwere appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 78, noes 70.
.Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BARNES and Mr. BURR called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
The question was again taken : and decided
in the affirmative—yeas nays 88, not voting
43 : as follows;
YBAS— Messrs. Allison,Anderson, Delos E. Ashley,
Cobb, Coburn, Corley, Cuiloin, Deweese, Dockery,
Bodge, Driggs, Eckley, Edwards, Eggi eston, 3 amesT.
Elliott, i erry, French, Golladay, Goss, Gove,Gravely,
Grover, Hamilton, Haugbey, Hawkins, Heaton. Hig-
rence, Logan, Loughridge, Marshall, Maynard, Mc-
Cormick, McKee, Mungen, Neweomb, Nicholson,
Norris, Nunn, Orth, Paine, Fierce, Pile, Polsiey,
Prince, Rootg/Ross. Sawyer, Shanks, Shellabarger,
Stokes* Stover* Sypher, Taffe, Tift, Robert T. Van
Horn, Van Trump, Henry D. "Washburn, Welker,
William Williams, JohnT, Wilson, Windona, Wood-
ward, aaid Young—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Axtell, Baldwin,
Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Beaman, Benton, Bingham,
Boutwell, Boyer, Brooks,Broomall, Cake. Churchill,
Cornel], Covode, Dawes, Dickey, Ela, Thomas I).
Eliot. Ferriss, Fields, Pox, Getz, Griswold, Haight,
Hill. Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard.Chester
D> Hubbard, Jenckes, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham,
Koontz, Lafiin, George V. Lawrence, Lynch, Mal-
lory, Marvin, McCar.tny, Miller, Moore, Moorhead,
Morrell^Myera, Niblack, O'Neill, Peruana, Peters,
Petti?, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Price. Randall.
Raum, Robertson, Robinson, Scofield, Selye,'.Sifc-
Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Thomas Williams. James K.''Wilson, Stephen P.
Wilson. Wood, and Woodbridge—86.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Bailey, Blackburn, Blaine, Boles, Bowen,
Callis, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cook,Delano, Dixon,
Donnelly.EIdridge, Farnsworth, Garfield.Glossbren-
ner, Halsey, Harding, Richard D.Hubbard, Hulburd,
Humphrey, Lincoln, Loan, McCuliough, Mercur,
Morrissey, Mullins, Newshaua, Phelps, Pike, Pruyn,
Schenck, Taylor, Thomas, Jonn Trimble, Lawrence
S. Trimble, Van Auken, Vidal, Elihu B. Washburne,
and Whitfcemore—43.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BURR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was agreed to,* and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
Mr. WOOD. Upon that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 84, not voting
48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Baker, Beatty; Beck, Benjamin, Blair, Boyden,
Bromweil, Buckland, Buckley, Burr, Roderick R.
Butler, Cary, Reader W. Clarke, Clift, Cobb, Coburn,
Corley, Culiom, Deweese, Dockery, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eckley .Edwards, Eggleston, James T. Elliott, Farns-
worth, i erry, French, Golladay, Goss, Gove, Gravely,
Groyer, Hamilton, Haughey, Hawkins, Heaton, Hoi-
man, Hopkins, Hunter, Ingersotl, Johnson, Alex-
ander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian,
Kellogg. Kerr, Kitchen, Knott, Lash, William Law-
rence, Loan, Logan, Marshall, Maynard, McKee,
Mungen. Newcorab, Nicholson. Norris, Nunn, Orth,
Paine, Pierce, Pile, Polsiey, Prince, Roots, Ross,
Sawyer, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Stokes.
Stover, Sypher, Tift, Robert T. Van Horn, Van
Trump. Henry D.Washburn, Welker, William Wil-
liams. John T. Wilson, Woodward, and Young—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Amos, Archer, Axtell, Baldwin,
Banks, Barnes,Barnum, Beaman,Benton, Bingham,
Boutwell. Brooks, Broomall, Cakej Chanler, Church-
ill. Cornell, Covode, Dawes, Dickey, Ela, Thomas D.
Eliot, Ferriss, Fields, Fox, Getz. Griswold, Haight,
Hill. Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W.Hubbard,Chester
D. Hubbard. Humphrey, Jenckes, Kelley, KeLsey,
Ketcham, Koontz, Lafiin, George V. Lawrence,
Loughridge, Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, McCul-
lougn, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Myers,
Niblack, O'Neill, Perham, Peters, Pettis, Plants,
Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Randall, Raum, Robertson,
Robinson, Scofield, Selye, Smith, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stewart, Stone, Tabor, Trowbridge, Twieb-
oll, Upson. Van Aernam. Burt Van Horn, Ward,
William B. Washburn, Thomas Williams, James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and Wood-
bridge—S4v
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Bailey, Blackburn, Blaine, Boies, Bowen,
Boyer, Benjamin F. Butler, Callis, Sidney Clarke,
Cook, Delano, Dixon, Dodge, Eldridge. Garfield,
Giossbrenncr, Halscy. Harding, Higby, Richard D.
Hubbard,- Hulburd, Lincoln, Lynoh, McUormick,
Mercur, Morrissey, Mullins, Newsham, Phelps,
Pike, Pruyn, Schenck, Spalding, Taffe, Taylor,
Thomas, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van
Auken, Van Wyck, Vidal, Cadwalader C.Washburn,
Elihu B. Washburne, Whittemore, and Windom—£S.
So the motion to reeonsider was laid on the
table.
The SPEAKERj?ro tempore. The adoption
of the substitute of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Cobubs] for the fourth section cuts off
the remaining substitute, including that of the
committee.
Mr. MILLER., As the adoption of the
amendment whieh has jnsfc been voted on
destroys the whole value of the bill, I mo ye
that the bill be laid on t&e table; and on that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas tind nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 65, nays 107, not voting
50 ; as follows : ^
YEAS—Messrs, Ames, Archer, Axtell, Baldwin,
Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Benton, Boutwell, Boyer,
Broomall. Cake, Chanler,Churchill, Cornell, Covode.
Dawes. Dickey, ThomasD. Eliot, Ferriss, Fields, Fox,
Getz, Griswold, Haight, Hill, Hotchkiss, Humphrey.
Jenckes, Johnson, Kelsey, Ketcham, Koontz, Laliin.
Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, McCuliough, Miller,
Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Myers, O'Neill, Peters,
Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Randall, Scofield,
Selye. Sitgreaves, Smith, Starkweather, Stewart*
yaber, TwichelL Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Vai)
Horn, Ward, Cadwaiader C. Washburn, William B.
Wa-shburn, and Woodbridge—65.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Baker, Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Bing-
ham, Blair, Boyden, Bromweil, Buckland. Bockfey,
Burr, Roderick R. Butler, Cary, Reader W. Clarke,
Chft, Cobb, Coburn, Corley, Culiom, Deweese,
Dockery, D^dgc. Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Edwards,
Eggles'ton, Ela, Eldridge, Farnsworth.lFerry, French,
Golladay, Goss. Gove, Gravely, Grover, Hamilton,
Haughey, Hawkins. Heaton, Higby, Holman, Hooper,
Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L.
Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kerr, Kitchen,
Knott, Lash, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Loan, Loughridge, Marshall, Maynard, Mc-
Cormick, McKee, Newcomb, Niblack, Nicholson,
Norris, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pierce, Pike, Pile,Pols-
ley, Prince, Raum, Roots, Ross, Sawyer, Schenck,
Shanks, Shellabarger,'Stokes, Stone, Stover, Taffe,
Tift, Trowbridge. Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump,
Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Whittemore, Thomas
Williams, William Williams. James F. Wilion, John
T. "Wilson. Woodward, and Young—107.
NOT VOTING—Mess&. Adams, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Bailey, Blackburn, Blaine, Boles, Bowen,
Brooks, Benjamin F.Butler, Callis, Sidney Clarke,
Cook, Delano, Dixon. James T. Elliott, Garfield,
Glossbrenner, Halsey, Harding, Richard D. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Lincoln, Logan, Lynch, Mercur, Morris-
sey. Mullins, Mungen, Newsham, Nuan, Pettis,
Phelps, Pruyn, Robertson, Robinson, Spalding,
Stevens, Sypher, Taylor, Thomas John Trimble,
Lawrence S.Trimble, Van Auken, Van Wyck, Vidal,
Elihu B. Washburne, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom,
and Wood—50.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Serrate, by Mr. Gem-
ham, its Secretary, announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, joint res-
olution and bills of the following titles:
Joint resolution (H. R. Ho. 459) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of War fco allow to the New
York and Oswego Midland Railroad Company
a right of way across a portion of the public
ground at Fort Ontario, Oswego, New York,
for rail-road purposes j
An act (H. R. No. 1745) for the relief of
the estate of Isaac Philips, deceased, wlio was
a private in the revolutionary war; and
An act (H, R. No. 1749) grantingapension
to Daniel Hauser, a citizen of North Carolina
and a soldier of the war of 1812.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had rejected a bill (EL R. No. 603) grant-
ing pensions to certain soldiers and sailors of
the war of 1812.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
a bill (H. R. No. 941) to ameud certain acts in
relation to the Navy and Marine corps.
The message further announced that the •
Senate had passed bills and joint tesolutions
of the following titles ; in whieh the concur-
rence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 9()7) granting a pension to
Eliza Whiting;
An act (S. No. 908) granting a pension to
J. B. \Y. Hayses, of Union county, Ohio;
An act (S. No. 815) granting a pension to
Julia Whistler;
An act (S. No. 846) granting a pension to
Charlotte Crane;
An act (S. No. 655) granting a pension
to Paulina Jones, of Greene county, Ten-
nessee ;
An aet (S. No. 909"! granting a pension to
Anne R. Voorhees;
An act (S. No. 901) granting a pensioa to
Otis Hemenway;
