874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
by those of any artificial water connections. It
can be made to float whatever can navigate the
lludson river. There is, then, practically no
limit to its capability of improvement, except
in the will and means of those who control it.
But with the Welland canal the case is quite
different. When your cargo of wheat is fairly
through the Welland canal, and upon Lake
Ontario, it can escape from that lake by water
only through one of three channels. It must
enter the Oswego canal, and thus find itself
either at Syracuse or Oneida creek, on the very
same Erie canal which it might have entered
at Buffalo, in which case the dammed up com-
merce of the Northwest flows back upon itself
and finds no relief; or it must pass directly
down the St. Lawrence; or it must pass through
the Rideau canal, from Kingston, at the foot
of Lake Ontario, to Ottawa city, on Ottawa
river, a distance of 127 miles, and thence down
the Ottawa to Montreal, using the three short
canals (Carillon, Blondeau, and Grenville) con-
structed by our enterprising Canadian neigh-
bors to overcome the obstructions of that river.
Now, if your wheat takes the second route,
and passes directly down the St. Lawrence from
Lake Ontario, its trials have but commenced
with the passage of the Welland canal; for it
must descend two hundred and twenty-three
feet before it meets tide-water, at Montreal,
and on its way must encounter six canals
all within the "Dominion of Canada:" first,
Galops, two miles long with a fall of eight
feet; second, the Point Iroquois, three miles
long, with a fall of six feet; third, the Rapid
I'lat, four miles long, with a fall of eleven
and one half feet; fourth, the Farren's Point,
three fourths of a mile long, with a fall
of four feet; fifth, the Cornwall, eleven and
one half miles long, with a fall of forty-eight
feet; and sixth, the Beauharnois, eleven and
one fourth miles long, with a fall of eighty-two
and one half feet—having in the aggregate a
length of thirty-two and one half miles and a
lockage of one hundred and sixty feet. It is
true that your cargo of wheat descending the
river very rapidly may avoid nine and three
fourth miles, almost one third of these thirty-
two miles of canal navigation ; may "shoot
the rapids" down twenty-nine and a half feet,
instead of taking the first four of these canals;
but it is also true that your descending wheat
must pass through theremaiuingtwenty-two and
three fourths miles of these Canadian canals,
with a lockage of one hundred and thirty and
one half feet; and beside, the vessel which
bears your cargo of wheat must on her return
trip ascend through every mile of these canals
unless, indeed, she has the speed of a comet.
But if you attempt to carry your wheat through
the Rideau canal you find that its summit is
one hundred and sixty-five feet above Lake
Ontario, so that you must, in order to reach
Montreal, first lock up one hundred and sixty-
five leet, and then lock down three hundred
and ninety feet, besides falling down with the
Ottawa river ninety-eight feet more. Worse
than that, you find only five feet of water in
these canals, so that you must transfer your
cargo to canal boats built and owned in the
"Dominion of Canada.'' At the foot of Lake
Champlaiu is the Chambly canal, eleven and
one half miles long and six feet deep.
The Chain plain canal connects Lake Cham-
plain with the Erie canal at a point about nine
miles north of Albany. It has the same depth
and width as the Erie canal, with a length of
sixty-two miles, and may hereafter form an im-
portant link in asystem of ship-canals from the
lakes to the Hudson river.
These are all the improvements in water
transportation hitherto made east of Lake Erie
in the great northern route. All oft,hem, except
t he Erie, Oswego, and Champlain canals, lie in
tne '• Dominion of Canada." But before your
cargo of wheat reaches Lake Erie it will have
encountered the obstructions so well known to
lake commerce as the St. Clair flats. The
waters of Lake Huron flow through the St. Clair
river into Lake St. Clair, aad thence through
the Detroit river into Lake Erie, and your wheat
from Lake Michigan must take this course.
The navigation of the two rivers is ample for
the utmost dimensions of the future commerce
of the Northwest. The obstacle is in Lake St.
Clair itself. This lake is eighteen miles in
length and in mean width about twelve miles.
In the lake two miles from the mouth of St.
Clair river, which enters it at its northern ex-
tremity,lies the obstruction called the St. Clair
flats. It consists of an embankment, a mile in
width, thrown across the track of navigation.
The current, instead of sweeping directly for-
ward through the lake, makes a detour on this
bank of seven miles through a narrow circuit-
ous channel, in its natural condition well nigh
impassable to commerce.
All that was needed was to open a straight
channel six thousand feet in length through
this soft barrier, of sufficient depth and width,
and to keep itopen. In 1856 Congress appro-
priated $45,000 toward this work. President
Pierce vetoed the appropriation; but it was
passed over his veto. That small sum was at
once expended, and sufficed to cut a channel
two hundred and seventy feet wide at the top,
one hundred and fifty feet wide at the bottom,
and nine feet deep at low water. This was a
great improvement, butit was quite inadequate
to the wants of our present lake commerce
and navigation. Now our vessels require
thirteen and a half feet of water. The action
of propeller wheels, winds and currents, in
two years, upon this shallow channel, brought
it into such a condition as to be literally a nui-
sance on this great national highway. The
Thirty-Fifth Congress made an additional ap-
propriation, but President Buchanan smoth-
ered the bill by a pocket veto. The Canadians
meantime expended $20,000 for the improve-
ment of these flats. A Michigan Senator
asserted in 18G0, upon the floor of the Senate,
that the channel upon which that sum was
expended was every inch of it in American
soil. Canada, without one fiftieth of our in-
terest in the improvement, had borne nearly
half of the expense. This disgrace was too
monstrous to be perpetual. In 1866 we appro-
priated $80,000 for the St. Clair fiats, the
prompt and judicious expenditure of which
will afford immense relief to the commerce of
Lakes Michigan, Superior, and Huron.
W e come now to the last of these great ob-
structions of the navigation of the great lakes,
the Falls of St. Mary, between Lakes Superior
and Huron. This seems less important than
the others only because, being nearer the west-
ern extremity of the great chain, it has im-
peded the interests of a smaller, less developed,
and less populous territory. The Falls of St.
Mary have obstructed the eastward-bound com-
merce of Lake Superior only. The Falls of
Niagara obstruct hot only this commerce, but
also that of Lakes Michigan, Huron, and Erie.
The descent from Lake Superior to Lake
Huron is almost twenty-three feet. This de-
scent is overcome by a ship-canal constructed
by a New York corporation, aided by a mu-
nificent land grant received through the State
of Michigan from the Federal Government.
This canal is twelve feet in depth, nearly one
mile in length, and has two locks, each seventy-
five feet wide and three hundred and fifty feet
long. The commerce which seeks this outlet
and which has been developed by it is already
large. But in view of the mineral resources
of the shores of Lake Superior, the develop-
ment of uorthern Minnesota, Wisconsin, and
Dakota, and of the valley of the Red river of
the North, the annexation of Canada, the con-
struction of the North Pacific railroad and the
consequent probable diversion of a portion of
the siik and tea trade from its wonted highway
from China and Japan to England, it would
probably be no less vain to attempt to measure
the commerce which will seek this outlet at
the end of fifty years than it was fifty years ago
to essay to predict the present commerce of
Lake Erie.
The peculiarities of the Upper Mississippi
navigation necessitate one species of improve-
ment different from that required anywhere in
the valley of the great lakes except at the St.
Clair flats. Aside from the ice "in winter, the
difficulties consisted mainly of shifting sand-
bars and snags and the Des Moines and Hock
Island rapids. Here sand-bars and snags were
to be overcome, not by permanent works like
the Welland canal or the St. Mary's canal, but
by annual expenditures made in accordance
with the best possible plan of systematic im-
provement. It is necessary not only to clear
the channel but to keep it cleared. This neces-
sity will be perpetual, because the action of
the river upon the loose lands which form its
bed will be perpetual, while snags could not
cease to vex its commerce as long as forests
stood upon its banks or the banks of its upper
tributaries.
In addition to this, works of another kind
are necessary at the Rock Island and Des
Moines rapids. Here we have to deal with
rock. The first cost of these works will be
greater, but the improvements, once made,
will be more permanent. Both of these rapids
were surveyed in 1887 by Lieutenant Robert
E. Lee, who has since been more conspicu-
ously though less creditably engaged upon the
Potomac, Rapidan, Appomattox, and other
Virginia rivers. In his report, he states that
the Des Moines rapids of Keokuk are 11jJJ0
miles long, with a fall of 2-1^jfo feet, and
the river flows with great velocity over an ir-
regular bed of blue limestone reaching from
shore to shore, at all times covered with water,
through which channels have been worn by the
action of the current; that the rock lies in
reefs, the passage of which becomes very diffi-
cult in low stages of the river in consequence
of the shallowness of the water, its great fall
and velocity, and the narrow and crooked
character of the channel through them. " The
upper or Rock river rapids," he says, "dis-
tant about one hundred and fifty miles from
the Des Moines, commence fourteen miles
above Rock Island and extend to its foot.
Within this space the Mississippi falls
feet, descending over a rocky bed broken by
reefs, which at some points reach entirely
across the river, affording at low w|p,ter a shal-
low channel, and, projecting at others from
opposite sides, iaterloek and form a winding,
difficult, and dangerous passage.''
The history of Federal benefactions on the
Upper Mississippi is very brief. Forty years
ago the snags were the worst enemies of the
navigator of the Mississippi and its branches.
The national Government, soon after the enact-
ment of the law of 1824 for the improvement
of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, undertook
to remove the snags from the rivers by means
of snag-boats, and to prevent accessions to their
number by cutting the trees from the banks
before they should be washed into their chan-
nels. These efforts, persisted in for many
years, added to the immense consumption of
wood by the river steamers and the gradual
clearing up of the country, have at length nearly
subdued this most fordmidable obstruction*.
And posterity, in the peaceful use of these
mighty western rivers, will see little to remind
them of this terror of the hardy pioneers of
river navigation. The theater of this warfare
upon the snags included the Upper Mississippi.
In 1836 Congress appropriated $75,000 for the
improvement of the Upper Mississippi and the
Missouri rivers.
In 1850 the sum of $200,000 was appropri-
ated for the improvement of the Des Moines
rapids over a veto of the President. General
Warren, in his report of June 21, 18G7, states
that some cuts were made through the two
islands in front of Dubuque in 1850 and prior
thereto at the expense of the United States;
and also that some improvements had been
made on a small scale, from time to time, in
different localities by private or municipal
enterprise. On the 23d of June, 1866, Con-
gress appropriated $200,000 for the Des Moines
rapids and $100,000 for the Rock Island rap-
