1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1329
tion of the Army; so thinks the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Siiellaiiarger] who has spoken his
words of warning in our hearing to-night.' So
think, I believe, a majority of the leaders asso-
ciated with him. Mississippi and Virginia and
Texas are still in political exile. In Georgia,
white men still hold out against tlie attempt to
degrade them to the level of an inferior race.
Therefore it is necessary in the estimation of
the Republican leaders that they should pro-
ceed gradually and cautiously and slowly in the
reduction and retrenchment of the war estab-
lishment of the country. I have not, there-
fore, any very sanguine hope that anything
will be accomplished during the present Con-
gress which will produce a material reduction
of the Army.
Under what circumstances do we find the
measure introduced? Iteomes not in the early
part of the session in the shape of an inde-
pendent measure as other important matters of
legislation are introduced. It comes at the
heel of the session, and is awkwardly tacked
upon an appropriation bill. As if to increase
the awkwardness of its situation, it encoun-
tered as soon as it came into the House an-
other rival and in many respects hostile prop-
osition. If, in the short time which still remains
to us, but twelve working days to the end of
the session, there should result under these
adverse circumstances a measure of Army re-
form which will meet with the approval of this
House, it will encounter the moment it reaches
the Senate another different, discordant, and
hostile proposition, which is already there
lying in wait forit; and between the disagreeing
doctors they will surely kill the patient. But
whatever be the fate of any measure for the
redaction of the Army which should pass the
House it is the duty of those who appreciate its
importance and necessity seriously to consider
and to aid, so far as they can, in the early
passage of the best practicable bill. And this
brings me to the consideration and compari-
son of the bills now before the House.
Mr. WOODWARD. I ask my colleague to
give way while I move that the committee rise.
Mr. BOYER. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. BLAINE. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will allow me I will state that when I
next move that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole I shall also move that
general debate be closed in twenty minutes.
Mr. BOYER. That will give me time enough.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania cannot be taken off the floor by
a motion to close debate.
Mr. BLAINE. I thought the gentleman had
concluded.
Mr. WOODWARD. He retains the floor,
but yields to me to make the motion that the
committee rise.
Mr. BLAINE. Then, of course, I cannot
cut him off.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Cobb having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Ferry, reported that the Com-
mittee had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
Ilouse bill No. 1803, making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
June SO, 1870, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. FERRY, (at ten
o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petition'S, etc.
The following petitions, &o., were presented
nnder the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BENTON: The petition of G. W.
Nourse and 590 others, in favor of a new post
route from Newport, via Mill Village, in the
town of Goshen, to East Lampster and Wash-
ington, all iu the county of Sullivan, New
Hampshire.
By Mr. HILL: The petition of Amasa Z.
Lyon and 26 others, praying that the tariff bill
reported by Mr. Moorhead be passed.
40th Cono. 3d Scss. - No. 8-i.
By Mr. HUNTER: A memorial from 289
citizens of Monroe county, Indiana, for an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, so as to read in substance as follows:
"We, the people of the United States [humbly
acknowledging Almighty God as the source of
all authority and power in civil government,
the Lord Jesus Christ a3 the Ruler among the
nations, and His revealed will as of supreme
authority in order to constitute a Christian
Government, and] in crder to form a more per-
fect Union, establish justice, insure domestic
tranquillity, provide for the common defense,
and promote the general welfare, do ordain
and establish this Constitution for the United
States of America." They further ask that
such, change be introduced into the body of the
Constitution as may be necessary to give effect
to the foregoing amendment included within
cksts
By Mr. JULIAN.- The petition of Thomas
Iieily, late private in the second regiment of
United States cavalry, in the late war for the
Union, praying speciallegislation for his relief.
By Mr. MORRELL: The petition of D.
Clarkson and 103 others, citizens of Cassville,
Huntingdon county, Pennsylvania, asking that
a pension be granted to David Shiver, a private
soldier in the war with Mexico, and in the late
war for the preservation of the Union.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of Captain
S. S. Hudson and 20 others, owners and mas-
ters of vessels, of May'sLanding, New Jersey,
praying the intervention of Congress to protect
all engaged in navigation from illegal exactions
by State and municipal corporations.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of George Fowler and others, for an act to
allow them to make application to the Com-
missioner of Patents for the extension of let-
ters-patent for improvement in machine for
punching metal.
By Mr. STOKES: The petition of II. S.
Young, of Macon county, Tennessee, asking to
be relieved from his political disabilities.
By Mr. WHITTEMORE: A remonstrance
of State officers of South Carolina against the
removal of the political disabilities of J. P.
Reed and S. D. Simpson, citizens of South
Carolina.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 18, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
united states court in vermont.
Mr. POLAND. I ask unanimous consent
to take up from the Speaker's table a bill (8.
No. 935) to provide for a term of the circuit
and district courts of the United States for the
district of Vermont.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up and read a first and second time. It pro-
vides that a regular term of ike circuit and dis-
trict courts of the United States for the district
of Vermont shall be held hereafter at Burling-
ton, on the fourth Tuesday in February : pro-
vided that this act shall not be construed to
authorize any expenditure for the use of a
building for such courts. Section two gives
j| permission to the authorities of Vermont to
j build at their own expense a court-house and
<| jail on a part of the southerly side of a lot of
laud belonging to the United States in Burling-
ton on which the custom-house building stands ;
the United States courts to be held in said
court-house without charge for the use thereof,
and prisoners under the authority of the United j
States to be imprisoned in such jail; and for j
the nurposes aforesaid jurisdiction is ceded to l
the State of Vermont over the land so used '
and occupied.
Mr. CULLOM. Has this been referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary ?
Mr. POLAND. It is a Senate bill, and has
the unanimous concurrence of the delegation
from Vermont in both Houses, and the rec-
ommendation of the judges and everybody else.
Mr. CULLOM. I do not like to object.
No objection being made, the bill was read
a first, second, and third time, and passed.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
message from the senate. " ''
A message from the Senate, by Mr, Gqp.-
ham, its Secretary, informed the House that
that body had receded from its amendments to
the joint resolution of the House (H. R. No.
402) proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, disagreed to by
the House of Representatives, and had re- •
solved that the said resolution do not pass, two
thirds of the Senators present not voting in
the affirmative.
The message farther informed the House
that the Senate had passed a joint resolution
(S. No. 8) proposing an amendment to the
Constitution, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill (H.
R. No. 1746) for the removal of certain dis-
abilities from the persons therein named, with
an amendment, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
The message further requested the return to
the Senate of the bill of the House (H. R. No.
603) granting pensions to certain soldiers and
sailors of the war of 1812.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the bill granting pensions will be returned.
By unanimous consent, the bill was accord-
ingly returned to the Senate.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Mc-
Carthy for five days.
Mr. WARD. I ask unanimous consent to
present resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of New York.
Mr. BROOKS. I insist on the regular or-
der of business.
election contest louisiana.
Mr. KERR, in behalf of the minority of
the Committee of Elections, under the leave
granted yesterday, submitted a written report
in the contested-election case from the second
congressional district of Louisiana, concluding
with the following resolution :
Resolved, That Caleb S. Hunt is entitled to a seat
in this House as Representative of the second con-
gressional district of Louisianain the place of James-
Mann, deceased.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed in connection with the report of
the majority of the committee.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. BECK. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on Reconstruction
a bill to relieve certain persons therein named
from the legal and political disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Mr. COBB. I object.
Mr. BECK. Let me say that it is a bill re-
ported at the request of the delegation from
North Carolina, and is confined exclusively to
persons in North Carolina. It is reported by
the committee at the unanimous request of the
delegation from, that State.
Mr. COBB. I insist on my objection for the
present.
tennessee contested elections.
Mr. SHELLABARGER, from the Com-
mittee of Elections, submitted a report in
writing on the claim of Thomas A. Hamilton
to represent the State of Tennessee at large,
accompanied by the following resolution:
Resolved, That Thomas A. Hamilton is not enti-
tled to a seat as a Representative from the State ot
Tennessee.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to state
that the report of the committee in this case xs
unanimous on the question of the right to the
