1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
877
who has charge of this bill, at what time he ex-
pects to demand the previous question upon it?
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I have no
desire to hasten the close of debate on this bill.
I would be glad to see it go on to-morrow after
the morning hour for two hours and a half.
That will be satisfactory to me. There are
several gentlemen who desire to speak fifteen
or twenty minutes or half an hour, and I think
that will be long enough. I wish to suit the
temper of the House and accommodate as
many gentlemen as possible.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to make a
suggestion in behalf of the Committee of Ways
and Means, as our chairman [Mr. Schenck]
is absent on account of ill health. The tariff
bill, which is in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union as the unfinished
business there, ought to receive early consid-
eration that it may go to the Senate. It will be
remembered that it is not a general revision of
the tariff, but relates to a few exceptional arti-
cles in regard to which the present law seems,
in our judgment, to require some amendment,
and some articles that have been brought to
our attention bychanges in processes and in the
course of trade. 1 hope the House will not so
shape its affairs as that we shall have no oppor-
tunity to press that bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook] to give
notice that he would call up the contested-
election case to morrow after the morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What case
is that?
The SPEAKER. The case of Switzler vs.
Anderson, fr.om Missouri.
Mr. COOK. I will let that go over; I will
not call it up to-morrow.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe,
from what I can gather from members around
me, that we can come to an understanding by
which we can have a vote on this bill to-mor-
row.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know whether
that understanding can be had unless we can
know how the time to-morrow will be occupied.
I desire, in the interest of my constituents, to
make some remarks upon this subject. And I
cannot tell at what time to-morrow, if at all,
I can obtain the floor for that purpose. I
trust, therefore, that no arrangement will be
made upon this subject to-night; we canto-
morrow control the business of the House as
well as we can do it to-day.
Mr. BLAINE. Will this subject come up
to-morrow ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would suggest to my
colleague [Mr. Washkukxe, of Illinois] that
"sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof."
There is no use to attempt to say to-day what
shall be done to-morrow. If I had charge of
this bill, as the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Van Horn] has, I would not want to fix three
o'clock or even four o'clock to-morrow to vote
upon it, but I would allow such time to he
devoted to it as the House might be willing to
give.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is not
only very proper but very usual for the House
to fix the time for closing the debate upon any
particular subject. If we give to-morrow to
the discussion of this bill we will have devoted
two days to its consideration.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I would
suggest that we renew the debate upon this
bill immediately after the reading of the Journal
to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent. •
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object, and call for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called for, the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washburke] must proceed with his re-
marks or surrender the floor.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House
now adjourn.  
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
yield for any such motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will pro-
C66(l.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My col-
league on the Committee on Appropriations,
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler,] desires the unanimous consent of the
House to take up a hill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Not quite.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I insist upon my de-
mand for the regular order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to proceed to business upon the Speaker's
table, for the purpose of taking up the bill for
the relief of the destitute poor of the District
of Columbia.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
The SPEAKER. It is in order to move to
proceed to business upon the Speaker's table
after the expiration of the morning hour, and
that motion will take a member from the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very well;
then I make that motion.
• superintendent o]? exports.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a res-
olution of the House of the 6th instant, relative
to postponing the time of the discontinuance
of the office of superintendent of exports and
drawbacks at the port of New York, &c. ; which
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
milwaukee harbor.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts, byunanimous
consent, from the Committee on Commerce,
presented a report of the sub-committee in re-
gard to Milwaukee harbor; and the same was
ordered to be printed for the use of the com-
mittee, and recommitted.
leave or absence.
Leave of absence was granted for one week
to Mr. Eckley.
service on a committee.
By unanimous consent, Mr. Dawes was ex-
cused from service on the select committee
appointed to accompany the remains of the
late Mr. Finney from the city of New York to
his former residence, and Mr. Glossbrenner
was appointed in his place by the Speaker.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, to proceed to
business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motiou was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. HILL: The petition of Robert B.
Clark, Rowland Johnson, and 68 citizens of
Orange, New Jersey, asking for the revision
of the naturalization laws.
By Mr. LINCOLN: The petition of Catha-
rine Duffy, asking for a pension.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of Lorenzo
Day, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Isaac Bickford, for a
pension.
Also, the petition of T. C. Hersey, for an
amendment of the tariff.
By Mr. McKEE : The petition of Dupey &
Company, of Flemingsburg, Kentucky, for
change mtevenue laws.
By Mr. MOORE: A petition from owners
and roasters of vessels of Baltimore, Maryland,
representing over six hundred vessels, praying
Congress to protect all engaged in navigation
from illegal exactions by State and municipal
corporations.
By Mr. MORRELL : The petition of Elisa-
beth Radigau, widow of John Radigan, com-
pany A, forty-ninth regiment Pennsylvania
volunteers, for pension to herself and child.
Also, the petition of Mary Aurand, widow
of Joseph R. Aurand, company F, seventh
regiment Indiana cavalry, for a pension for
herself and two children.
Also, the petition of John A. Parker, com-
pany K, fifth Kansas cavalry, for a pension.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of the
Ohio Chiccory Company, asking for an increase
of duty on chiccory.
Also, the petition of Commodore Charles
Steedman, United States Navy, praying Con-
gress to grant him relief in the settlement of
accounts while acting as paymaster, &c.
By Mr. WARD: The petition of citizens of
Hume, Alleghany county, New York, in favor
of the reduction of taxation and public expend-
itures.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 15, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, communicating, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate of the 6th instant, corre-
spondence relating to supplies of stationery to
the Patent Office and the contract for the same;
which was referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Congressional Printer, communicating his
annual report, showing the condition ot the
public printing, binding. &c.; which was referred
to the Committee on Printing, and ordered to be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, in relation to the-
application of Hugh McCormick for additional
allowance for his services as disbursing clerk
in the Patent Office; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, in relation to
printing the maps and illustrations accompa-
nying the annual report of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands last year reported in favor of printing
those very maps, but owing to some disagree-
ment between the Committee on Public Lands
and the Committee on Printing they were not
printed. I wish to call the attention of the
Senate at an early day to the subject again.
A most important part of our public service
connected with the public lands would be pro-
moted if we only had correct maps published.
We have not got them, and cannot get them
until these maps are printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What dis-
position does the Senator propose to make of
this communication?
Mr. POMEROY. I move that it be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
three petitions of citizens of New York, one
of which was signed by Henry Ward and The-
odore Tilton, praying that the right of suffrage
be extended to women in the District of Co-
lumbia ; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
He also presented the memorial of Rev.
Charles King, D. D., remonstrating against
the removal of the political disabilities of rebel
officers of the State of Virginia; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CONKLING. I present the memorial
of a number of citizens and merchants of the
State of New York, remonstrating against the
passage of a joint resolution amendatory of the
act entitled '"An act to provide for an American
line of mail and emigrant passenger steamships
