1330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
seat, but the committee do not agree upon the
propriety of passing a bill which will enable
the party to have his seat, and my colleague
on the committee from North Carolina [Mr,
Helton] desires to submit the views of the
minority upon that question.
Mr. HEATON submitted the views of the
minority of thecommittee, accompanied by the
' . following resolution;
llffiolved., That the report ol the Committee of
Elections upon the credentials of Thomas A. Hamil-
ton, claiming a seat in this House from the State of
Tennessee, be recommitted to that committee with
instructions to report the accompanying bill.
The views of the minority of the committee
were laid on the tabic, and ordered to be
printed in connection with the majority report.
Mr. UPSON. I reserve the right to raise a
question of order on the report of the minority
of the committee.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
The SPEAKER. The House, as the regu-
lar order of business, resumes the considera-
tion of the unfinished business pending at the
adjournment yesterday afternoon, which is the
motion'of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] to lay upon the table the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the bill (S. No. 440)
supplementary to an act entitled uAn act to
provide a natioual currency secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," approved
June 8, 18(14, was laid upon the table.
Mr. POMEROY. it my colleague [Mr.
Wood] will withdraw his motion for that pur-
pose I will move that the bill be recommitted
to the Committee on Banking and Currency,
with leave to report it at any time. There are
some valuable provisions m the bill which are
worth Having.
The SPEAKER. The bill is now upon the
table.
Mr. WOOD. I should be very glad to oblige
the chairman of the committee, but I doubt
very much whether there is any provision of
that hill that would improve the existing law,
1 shall therefore decline.
The question was put on the motion to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table; and there
were—ayes 21), noes t>8; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs, Wood and
fxoRKSOM. were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 2o, noes 90.
vSo the motion to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upon reconsid-
ering the vote by which the bill was laid on the
table; and it was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the motion
to lay the bill on the table; and being taken, it
was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the passage of
the bill as amended.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that this bill be
recommitted to the Committee on Banking aud
Currency, with leave to that committee to re-
port it at any time.
The SPEAKER. The latter part of the
motion requires unanimous consent.
Mr. REAMAN. 1 object.
Mr. POMEROY. Then, I move to recom-
mit the bill, with instructions to the eommiMeo
to report back forthwith the first three sections
of the bill as amended by the House on recom-
mendation of the Committee on Banking and
Currency.
Mr. iNGrERSOLL. Let those three sections
be read.
The sections were read, as follows :
^ Be it enacted by the Senate and Houne of /'/ prwntn-
tcves of the United States of Americf< in Congress an-
sembud, That every national bankiu* association
selected as a depository of public moneys, under the
piovisions of section forty-five of the act entitled "An
aet^to provide o, national currency secured by :i
1'ieuffcol United States bond?, and to provide for the
eneu la turn and ledemption thereof," approved d une
y.\ lyo4' deposit United States bonds with the
•treasurer of tue united States as security for such
deposit; and whenever the public moneys deposed
in such association shall exceed ninety per cent, of
the par value of the bonds so held by the Treasurer
as security, it shall be the duty of theTreasurer forth-
with, by draft or otherwise, to reduce the amount of
such deposits to asum not exceeding ninetypereent.
of the bonds deposited as herein specified. And
national banking associations in the city of Wash-
ington, or in any city or town where there is an Assist-
ant Treasurer of the United States oradepositary of
public money designated under the act of August 6,
1846, shall not be selected as public depositaries; and
the Secretary of the Treasury shall require all pub-
lic moneys collected in any such city or town to be
deposited by the officer having custody of such money
with the Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer or deposit-
ary in such city or town, under such regulations as
he may from time to time prescribe; and if any offi-
ceror agent of any association designated as a depos-
itary of public moneys shall pay or offer to pay any
money or other valuable consideration directly or
indirectly, for the purpose of obtaining or retaining
deposits of public moneys, or if any. officer or agent
of the Government shall receive any money or other
valuable consideration, directly or indirectly, for
making such deposit of public moneys, such officer
or agent shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and on conviction thereof in any United States court
having jurisdiction shall be punished by a fine of not
less than $1,000, or imprisonment for not less than
one year nor more than live years, or both, in the
discretion of the court.
Sko. l2. Andbe. it further enao.ted,T:\i^tsQ(it\ox\ forty-
two of said act bo so amended as to provide that
within ninety days from the date of thenotioe served
upon the Comptroller of the Currency by any national
banking association that its shareholders have voted
to go into liquidation as provided in said section, the
said association shall pay over to the Treasurer of the
United States tho amount of its outstanding notes,
in lawful money of the United States, and take up
tho bonds which said association has on depositwith
tho Treasurer for the security of its circulating notes,
which bonds shall be assigned to the bank in the
manner specified in the nineteenth section of said
act; in detault of which the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency shall sell said bonds to the highest bidder at
public auction at tho stock exchange in the city of
Now York, and from the proceeds thereof shall pay
over to the Treasurer of tho United States, in lawful
money, an amount equal to tho outstanding circula-
tion of such association, and shall pay over any sur-
plus remaining to tho officers of tho association. And
any association which has heretofore gone into liqui-
dation under the provisions of the section to which
this is an amendment shall pay over to the Treas-
urer lawful money equal in amount to its outstand-
ing circulation within ninety days from tho date of
the passage oi this act, in dbfault of which its bonds
shall be sold as  i hove pro\ ided. And from that time
tho outstanding iiotex>di.tll be redeemed at the Treas-
ury of tho United {States, and tho said association
and tho shareholders thereof shall be discharged
fiom all liability therefor: Provided, That any u.«ao-
oiation winding up its affairs for tho purpose of
consolidation with another bank shall not be com-
pelled to pay to tho Treasurer of the United .States
tho amount of its outstanding circulation in lawful
money, nor shall its bonds bo sold as above pio-
vided.
Sue. I!. A i\d be it further enactt d. That there shall be
allowed to receivers ot national banking n^ocia-
tions, appointed in accordance with the provisions
of the national currency act, in full compensation
tor their servicos, a salary of §1,500 per annum; and,
in addition thereto, a commission of two percent,
upon tho lirst &100.000, a commission of one half of
ono per cent, upon all sums abovo $100,000 and net
exceeding $500,00'), and a commission of one quarter
ot ono per eont. on all sums over $500,000 that may
be collected; which salary and commission shall be
paid by the Comptroller of the Currency out of any
moneys realised from tho assets of the bank so in the
hands of tho receiver: Provided, That the payment
of one half tho commisMons may be reserved, in (he
discretion ot t he Comptroller, until the a flairs of the
bank are finally closod, which sum shall then be paid
to the receiver; or ineiiscmorc than oneroceiverhas
aeted it shall be apportioned among the several re-
ceivers by the Comptroller of the Currency accord-
ing to equity. And all receivers appointed as afore-
said shall bo considered officers or agents of the
Government, and shall have the right to bring suits
m tho United States courts, and may invest the assets
ot tho bank in then\hamte in bonds of the United
States, while tho affairs of tho bank are in process
of liquidation ; which bonds shall bo deposited with
tho Treasurer of the United States, subjGct to tho
oidcr of tho Comptroiloi of the Ciurcncy; and the
leruivers shall aUo make report to the Comptroller
of all their acts and proceedings, and the Comptroller
shall bo authorized to tell such bonds from time to
tune, in order to make the dividend and payments
provided form the fiftieth section of the act to which
this net is supplementary. And the judge of tho
United Slates district court for the district in which
such suits aro brought shall fix the fees compen-
sation to be allowed to the attorn cy* for such receivers,
havingd uc reference to the amount ot labor performed
and to tho interests of the creditors of the bank.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Pomhkoy. to recommit with instructions.
Mr, POMEROY. On that motion I call for
the previous question.
Mr. LOAN. 1 object to the committee being
insti acted to report forthwith.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order,
and has been repeatedly agreed to when bills
are pending in their regular order.
Mr. COBURN. 1 desire to move an amend-
ment to the instructions.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order pending the call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. I insist upon my call for
the previous question.
Mr. COBURN. I hope it will be voted down.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Is it in
order to move to amend the instructions so as
to strike out the second section of the bill as
amended ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, pending the call
for the previous question.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not withdraw the
call for the previous question.
Mr. COBURN. If the previous question
shall be refused will it then be in order to move
to amend the instructions?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. BURIi. In case this bill is reported
back forthwith from the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency, according to the instructions
moved by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Pomeroy,] will it then be competent for the
House to amend the bill?
The SPEAKER. It will.
The question was then taken upon seconding
the previous question; and upon a division
there were—ayes 72, noes 04.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. COBURN and Mr. 1NGERSOLL called
for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Pomeroy
and Mr. Coburn were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 53, noes 70.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. COBURN. I now move to amend the
instructions so that the committee shall report
back also the section which I send to the
Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sko. —. And be it further enacted, That to secure a
better distribution of the national banking currency
there may be issued circulation notes to banking as-
sociations organized in States andTerritories having
a less banking circulation than their pro rata above,
as herein setfoith. And the circulation herein au-
thorized shall, within three years if required, bo
withdrawn pro rata fiom banks organized in States
having a circulation exceeding that provided for by
tho act entitled "An act to amend an act entitled'An
net to provide for a national curieney sccuied by
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide for
tho circulation and redemption thereof,' approved
March 3. 1S65." To ascertain which the Comptroller
ot the Cuirency shall, under the direction of tho Sec-
retary of the Treasury, make a statement showing
the amount of circulation to be retired by each of
such banks, und shall, when circulation is required,
make a requisition for such amount upon such bank,
commencing with banks in States having the largest
excess of circulation, and reducing only the circula-
tion of those having tho greatest proportion in cx-
ce;?s, leaving undisturbed those having a smaller
proportion until those in greater excess have been
reduced to tho same grade ; aud continuing thus to
make the reduction in such States having an excels
until the circulation of such banks shall, as nearly
a•> possible, be equalized among the States and Ter-
ritories, according to the appraised value of ail
property, real and personal, within such States and
Tel ritoiies; the same to be ascertained by the cer-
tified stati'inentsot the Governors ofsuch States and
Territories mado biennially to the Secretary of the
Treasury. IJut this nctshall not apply to $100,000,000
ot said circulation which shall bo distributed accord-
ing to representation in Congress. And upon failure
of such bank to return the amount so required
within one year aforesaid it shall be the duty of tho
Coinptioiler of the Currency to sell at jpubHc auc-
tion, having given twenty days' notice in a news-
paper printed' in Washington city and New York
city, an amount of bonds deposited by said bank as
sccuril y for its circulation equal to ihe circulation to
be withdrawn from such bank, and with the proceeds
to redeem so many of the notes ofsuch bank as they
come into tho Treasury as will equal the amount
required from it : Provided, That the circulation
herein authorized shall be issued only as circulation
is withdrawn, so that the aggregate circulation shall
not at any time exceed &300,000,000.
Mr. COBURN. I now call the previous
question.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman withdraw that call so that I may
move to further amend the instructions so that
the committee shall omit to report back the
second section as amended?
Mr. COBUHN. I will do so if the gentlo-
man will renew it.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will do
so. I now move to amend the instructions as
I have indicated. And now I renew the call
for the previous question.
