1869.]
APPENDIX WtfS® eONGBiggKfWAE GLCWK.
W5
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Railroad from Washington to New York—Mr. Blair.
He. of Reps.
petition and keep down a rival road ? I would
ask, Mr. Speaker, can we, the Representatives
of the people, face our constituents and say that
we opposed the construction of a great thor-
oughfare that might do much in an emergency
to save the life of the nation and protect the
national Treasury?
Sir, it is time we should protect the national
honor, and not let a branch road now running
between this city and Baltimore have the entire
control and power to impose upon the Gov-
ernment. We also need the proposed improve-
ment as a postal road. The Constitution gives
Congress also the right" to establish post offices
and post roads." We are aware of the vast
quantity of mail matter to be carried from
washington to the city of New York, and that
it is every year increasing at a rapid rate, and
for its transportation a road of the kind pro-
posed is necessary; and as Congress clearly has
.the power, why should it withhold the granting
of the charter? But there is an additional
reason why this bill should pass, and that is in
a commercial point of view, in case Congress
has the power. By reference to the eighth sec-
tion of article one of the Constitution of the
United States it will be seen that Congress
shall have power " to regulate commerce with
foreign nations and among the several States
and with the Indian tribes." Thus it will be
seen that Congress has the right of regulating
commerce, not only with foreign nations, but
"among the several States;" and I would ask
how is this right to be exercised except by pro-
viding for public improvements for the trans-
portation of commerce? This clause of the
Constitution has received a judicial construc-
tion showing the power to regulate trade among
the several States. I refer, first, to the case
of Gibbons vs. Ogden, in 9 Wheaton's Reports
of Decisions of the Supreme Court of the
United States, commencing on page 1. Chief
Justice Marshall, who delivered the opinion
of the court in that case, says on page 190,
speaking in regard to navigation:
"All America understands and has uniformly
understood the word * commerce'to comprehend
navigation. It was so understood and must have
been so understood when the Constitution was framed.
The power over commerce, including navigation, was
one of the primary objects for which the people of
America adopted their Government, and must have
been contemplated in forming it. The Convention
must have used the word in that sense, because all
have understood itin that sense, and the attempt to
restrict it comes too late."
On page 194 of same case the learned judge
says:
" The subject to which the power is next applied is
to commerce ' among the several. States.' The word
* among' means intermingled with, A thing which
is among others is intermingled with them. Com-
merce among the States cannot stop at the external
boundary line of each State, but may bo introduced
into the interior."
Also, on page 196 of same case, in speaking
of commerce among States, he says :
" They either join each other, in which case they
are separated by a mathematical line, or they are
remote from each other, in which case other States
lie between them. What is commerce ' among' them,
and how is it to be conducted ? Can a trading expe-
dition between two adjoining States commence and
terminate outside of each? And if the trading in-
tercourse be between two States remote from eaGh
other, must it not commence in one, terminate in
another, and probably pass through a third?"
On same page the learned judge further re-
marks :
"What is this power? It is the power to regulate,
that is, to prescribe the rule by which commerce is to
be governed. This power, like all others vested in
Congress, is complete in itself, may be exercised to
its utmost? extent, and acknowledges no limitations
othor than are presented in tho Constitution."
And finally, on page 197 of same case, said
judge in the opinion continues to say :
/'Jf. as has always been understood, the sover-
eignty of Congress, though limited to specified ob-
jects, is plenary as to those objects, the power over
oommerce with foreign nations and among tho sev-
eral States is vested in Congress as absolutely as it
would be in a single Government having in its con-
stitution the sa e restrictions on the exercise of
the power as are found in tho Constitution of tho
United States."
In 3 Wallace's Reports, 713, Gilman vs. Phil-
adelphia, in which Justice Swayne delivered the
opinion, it is held that—
"The power to regulate commerce comprehends
the control for that purpose, and to the extent neces-
sary, of all the navigable waters of the United States
which are accessible, and includes necessarily the
power to prevent any obstructions to the navigation."
And in 6 McLean's Reports, 237, Jolly vs.
Terre Haute Draw-Bridge Company, it is laid
down that—
" The power to regulate commerce gives the Gen-
eral Government jurisdiction overnavigable streams
so far as may be necessary for commercial purposes."
From the above authorities it will be seen
that the construction given to the Constitution
of the United States by the highest tribunal of
the country gives Congress a clear right to
regulate commerce among the States. But it
may be said that the authorities cited mainly
refer to navigable streams. It will be remem-
bered that at the adoption of the Constitution
we had to depend mainly upon navigation for
our commerce, as our railroads, which have
done so much for our commerce, are of recent
origin ; but in the case of Gray vs. Clinton
Bridge, to be found in 16 American Law Regis-
ter, commencing on page 149, in an opinion
delivered by Justice Miller, one of the judges
of the Supreme Court of the United States, it
is held that the power given by the Constitution
to Congress to regulate commerce is as appli-
cable to railroads as navigable streams. The
learned judge, in same case, says :
" Under the power to regulate commerce Congress
may legalize a bridge erected by a railroad company
ovGr a navigable river."
And also, that—
" Railroads which are parts of lines of interstate
communication are equally subject to the regulation
of Congress as are steamboats."
There can be no doubt, Mr. Speaker, of the
constitutional power of Congress to regulate
commerce among the several States, whether
conveyed on water or railroads; and I am some-
what surprised to hear any lawyer on this floor
doubt such authority, which to me is perfectly
plain by*the language of the Constitution with-
out calling in the aid of decisions of our highest
courts for its interpretation. It is evident that
Congress possesses the constitutional power to
pass this bill, and the next question to con-
sider is, whether such a road is necessary in a
commercial point of view ? I hold that it is.
It would be strange indeed, Mr. Speaker, if
only one railroad was necessary to lead to the
capital of a nation for the immense travel and
large amount of products necessarily to be
conveyed. We have here a city of upward of
eighty thousand of a population dependent
mainly upon one railroad, which can exact
exorbitant prices ; hence the reason why it is
so expensive to live in Washington. But we
are told that the present railroad can accom'
modate the traveling public, and that there is
no occasion for any other at this time,- as it
may injure the one now in operation. This
is certainly a strange argument against pub-
lic improvements, that the public must be
oppressed for fear another road might inter-
fere with the profits of a great corporation that
for years has controlled the transportation to
this city. Sir, as statesmen we are not to take
such a narrow view. It might as well be said
we should allow but so many stores in a city or
town, as if more were allowed it might diminish
the profits of those now in operation. Com-
petition is the life of business, and ought to be
encouraged. As so much has been said about
the present railroad accommodation to Wash-
ington city, I will mention a fact that is well
known to the traveling public, and that is the
inconveniences and delay at Baltimore. Pas-
sengers to Washington over the Pennsylvania
railroad, and Philadelphiaand Erie railroad b,y
way of the Northern Central road, cannot check
their baggage further than Baltimore, and are
there taxed to have th'eir persons and baggage
conveyed from one depot to another, and
besides are delayed several hours. Whose
fault is this? Certainly not either the Penn-
sylvania, Philadelphia and Erie, or Northern
Central railway; for it is well known that they
are the most accommodating roads of the
country. Then it must be thefajlt of those
having charge of the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road. To all other important places arrange-
ments are made by which baggage can be
checked through, but to the capital of the
nation this has been denied. I would ask how
long are these inconveniences to be endured?
I presume, Mr. Speaker, until we get another
road constructed over which passengers and
freight can pass without change or delay. I
trust, Mr. Speaker, this bill may pass, and that
our capital may be more convenient of access.
Railroad from Washington to New York.
SPEECH OE HON. AUSTIN BLAIR,
of michigan,
In the House of Representatives,
February 9, 1869.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 621) to authorize the building of a mili-
tary and postal railway from Washington, District
of Columbia, to the city of New York-
Mr. BLAIR said :
Mr. Speaker : I am indebted to the gen-
tleman from New York for five minutes, in
which to express briefly my ardent desire for
the passage of this bill. A great, and I think
it may be said a crying, evil has induced the
bringing of this proposition before Congress
session after session for a good while. I believe
the time has arrived when the measure ought
to pass, and when Congress is about ready to
pass it. I said it was an evil. The eloquent
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,]
in the conclusion of his speech, was obliged to
confess that. But he, for the first time since I
have been in the habit of hearing him here, is
troubled with constitutional scruples. I have
not before observed the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to be troubled so much with these
scruples as be seems to be upon this subject.
He has been one of those who have been wont
to declare that this is a nation with powers
ample to assert its dignity and its rights as a
nation. And if anybody has gone as far as
the furthest, I think the eloquent gentleman
from Pennsylvania has been disposed to do so.
But now he says this is a doubtful constitu-
tional power. I shall not, more than he, stop
to discuss that question here. I am willing
to leave it, when it arises, to the courts of the
country. But I do not believe this is in the
slightest degree a doubtful power. That it
has not been exercised heretofore is Certainly
true, for there has not seemed to be a demand
for it. And that it is new makes it strike the
minds of gentlemen with, perhaps, a little sur-
prise. But in the Constitution there is a broad
power to regulate commerce between the States
of the Union. How? That is left to the dis-
cretion of Congress, as has been held by the
courts over and over again. Whatever will
minister directly or by fair inference to that
object is within the power of Congress, and
Congress must of necessity be the judge in this
regard. Now, across this great national high-
way between the capital of the nation, this
metropolitan city where the political power of
the nation resides, and the great city where
the financial power of the oountry has its oen-
ter, there lie two States that forbid any com-
petition with their railroad lines. These States
will neither build competing lines nor allow
their citizens to do so. They have shut up
the way from Washington to New York and
will open it to no one.
The gentleman speaks to us about monop.
olies, Why, sir, is there any worse monopoly
than this? Let a man travel from New York
to Washington a few times, and he will find as
