1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
Equal Rights League, praying such an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
that there shall be no legislation against any
portion of the inhabitants on account of race
or color, and that all such legislation now ex-
isting be declared void;
T wo petitions of citizens of the United Slates,
praying Congress to adopt a law investing all
men with the equal exercise of the elective
franchise in all the States ;
Two petitions of citizens of Pennsylvania,
praying the passage of a law investing all men
with the equal exercise of the elective franchise
in all the States ;
A petition of the delegates of the colored
people of Kentucky, praying Congress to gfent
black men the right of suffrage in that. State;
Three petitions of citizens of Pennsylvania,
praying such an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States as to provide that there
shall be no legislation or the enforcement of
any law, rule, or regulation within the United
States or Territories against any portion of the
inhabitants on account of race, color, or birth ;
A petition of citizens of Pennsylvania, pray-
ing the adoption of a law investing all men
with the equal exercise of the elective franchise
in all the States ;
A petition of the Pennsylvania Equal Eights
League, praying an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States to secure to all
the citizens of the several States equal polit-
ical rights, privileges, and immunities without
regard to class, creed, birth, race, or color;
A petition of citizens of Georgia, praying
the adoption of measures for the protection of
their rights as American citizens ;
A petition of citizens of the United States,
praying the adoption of a law investing all
men with the equal exercise of the elective
franchise in all the States ;
A petition from citizens of the United States,
living in Louisiana, praying an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States to secure
to all citizens equal political rights ;
A petition from professors and students of
Lincoln University, Oxford, Pennsylvania,
praying for an amendment to the Constitution
which will secure to all citizens equal political
rights ; and
A resolution adopted at a mass meeting
held in the city of New York, in favor of an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States that will recognize and guarantee the
right to vote and hold office to all persons,
both white and black.
Mr. SUMNER. What disposition does the
Senator propose of those papers ?
Mr. STEWART. I ask that the committee
be discharged from $he further consideration
of these petitions. We have reported a consti-
tutional amendment on the subject.
Mr. THAYER. Providing for universal suf-
frage ?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir. The amend-
ment reported is very short; I ask that it be
read.
The Secretary read the amendment reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary to Senate
ioint resolution No. 8. The committee propose
the following article of amendment to the Con-
stitution :
Art. 15. The right of citizens of the United States
to vote and hold office shall not be denied or abridged
by the (JDited States, or any State, on a.ccountofrace,
color, or previous condition or servitude. And Con-
slia.ll havo power to enforce the provisions of
this articlc by appropriate legislation.
WILLIAM II. BAOLEY.
Mr. STE Y\r ART. I am instructed by the Com-
mitteeon the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1673) to relieve William
H. Bagley, of Wake county, North Carolina,
to report it back and recommend its passage.
This is simply to remove the disabilities im-
posed by the fourteenth amendment upon the
clerk of the court in North Carolina, and I
should like very much to have it passed now.
This man has been appointed by the supreme
court, and they desire to have him eater upon
the discharge of his duties.
By unanimous consent, the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
COLUMBIA INSTITUTION REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
a resolution to print additional copies of the
report of the Columbia Institution for the Deaf
and Dumb, to report it back without amend-
ment and recommend it passage. This resolu-
tion was oncepassed by the Senate, but recom-
mitted to the committee on my motion. I was
under the impression that the expense of print-
ing the report would be much larger than was
supposed, but I find it will not. I therefore
ask for the present consideration of the res-
olution.
There being no objection, tho resolution was
considered and agreed to, as follows :
Resolved. That the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing be, and he is here!#', authorized to print fifteen
hundred copies of the report of the Columbia Insti-
tution for the Deaf and Dumb, with its appendix,
for the use of the Institution.
MESSAGE FROM TUB IIOCSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
860) for the relief of Luther C. McNeal, late
postmaster at Lancaster, Erie county, New
York, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HENDRICKS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 779) for the relief of certain Miami Indians
of the State of Indiana; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 780) for the relief of William Pitt Putnam
and David Putnam, of Ohio; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. YATES asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
782) to enable the people of Colorado to form
a constitution and State government and for
the admission of said State into the Union on
equal footing with the original States ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 198) in relation to cer-
tain testimony to be used before the court ot
inquiry now in session in the case of General
Dyer, chief of ordnance; which was read and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask that this resolution
be passed at this time. There is a necessity
for it, I am informed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think it had better lie
over until to-morrow. I want to look into it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution cannot be considered
to-day.
CREDENTIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
credentials of Hon. William A. Buckingham,
elected a Senator by the Legislature of the
State of Connecticut for the term of six years,
commencing on the tfth day of March, 1809;
which were read, and ordered to be filed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 800) for the relief of
Luther C. McNeal, late postmaster at Lan-
caster, Erie county, New York, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
GRAND RIVER BAND OF INOTAXS .
Mr. HOWARD submitted thefollowing reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Iletoloed, That the Secretary of tho Interior be
requested to cocnmuiiioato to the Senate a statement
of the tracts of lands selected by members of the
Grand River band of the Ottowa and Cl/ippewa In-
dians under treaty with those tribes of July 31. 1S55,
with the lists of the names of such Indians of said
Grand Elver bands as were under said treaty enti-
tled to land, with the date of Banking out said lists,
and the date at which such selections were made;
aud also a fall list of the names of persons belonging
to said Grand Biver band, to whom patents have
been issued, and whether and at what time said pat-
ents were actually delivered to the respective pat-
entees; and also whether any and what tracts of
land lying within the several townships withdrawn
from sale for the use of said Grand River band havo
been sold to persons other than members of said
band, with the dates of such sales.
POLICE OF TUB CAPITOL AND GROUNDS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I feel
it my duty to call the attention of the Senate
to an affair which occurred last evening, about
nine o'clock, upon the sidewalk adjoining the
Capitol grounds, near the Senate Chamber.
An aged and very respectable gentleman—[
may say he is the father of the gentleman with
whom I have rooms here on Capitol hill—
walking quietly on the sidewalk adjoining the
Capitol grounds, about nine o'clock last even-
ing, was knocked down, severely wounded, left
senseless on the sidewalk, and robbed. It
occurred so near the Capitol building, upon
the very sidewalk adjoining the grounds, that
it becomes a question of personal safety which
may concern not only the citizens of Wash-
ington but any member of the Senate, and I
therefore feel it to be my duty to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the subject. I have drawn'
a resolution, if it meet the approbation of the
Senate, asking the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds to inquire into the circum-
stances of this qase and to see what, if any-
thing, should be done for the better security
of the Capitol grounds and better police regu-
lations. I send the resolution to the desk,
and, if there be no objection, I ask for its
present consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as
follows:
Whereas at about tho hour of nine o'clock of last
evening a respectablo citizen of Washington, asjed i
sixty years and upward, upon the sidewalk adjoining 1
tho Capitol grounds, between First street west and
the Senate wing of the Capitol, was knocked down <■
and robbed, and left wounded and senseless upon tho
sidewalk:
liemhed, That the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds bo authorized to inquire into the facts,
to send for persons and papers, and to report what
measures should be taken ior the better police regu-
lations for the security of tho Capitol.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the resolution is
a very proper one, and I hope the committee
will also see if we cannot get a sufficient police
force to keep the Capitol and the Capitol
grounds free from beggar boys. The Capitol is
perfectly invested with them. I was accosted
by six in going from my committee-room to
the door of the Capitol the other evening. If
we have not a sufficient police force to keep
them out I think we ought to improve it.
The resolution was adopted.
AMOUNTS PAID TO RAILROAD COSIPANIES.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1460.
Mr. SUMNER. What does that relate to ?
Mr. CHAN DLER. It is the copper bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I would not bring that up
to-day. There is a little bill which 1 should
like to call up.
Mr. CHANDLER. I cannot help it. I
must insist on my motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to it until we
get through with the morning business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I thought you were
through. You have bdfen passing bills.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing business is in order in preference to any-
thing else.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer a reso-
lution of inquiry, and after that is disposed of
I shall make no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore._ The rcso-,
lution of the Senator from Ohio will be read.
