1332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
now provided by law, each and every bond so pur-
chased as aforesaid under the provisions of this act.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, lhat all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with this act are hereby
repealed.
Mr. POMEROY demanded tlie previous
question on the bill and amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
■ Alt. AUCKLAND demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Ingersoll's
amendment; and it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 73, nays 99, not voting 50; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, James M. Ashley, Axtcll,
Barnura.Beaman, Ben ton, Blackburn, Boy er.Brooks,
Broomail, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake,Cary, Chanler,
Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cornell, Covode, Dawes,
Kcklcy, James T. Elliott, Ferriss, Fiolds, Fox, Getz,
Griswold, ILiight, Ilalsey, Holman, Hotchkiss. Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Ingcrsoll,
Jenckes, Johnson, Kelsey, Kerr, Koonta, George V.
Lawrence, Mallory, Marshall. Marvin, McCarthy,
Moore, Moorhead, Myers, Niblack, Nicholson, Orth,
Peters. Poland, Pouicroy, Randall, Robertson, Kob-
inson, Schenck, Scoliold, Smith, Stevens, Stewart,
Stone, Taber, Taylor, John Trimble. Trowbridge,
Twichell, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Win-
dom, Wood, and Woodward—73.
NAYS—Messrs.Ames, Baker, Beatty, Beck. Bing-
ham, Blair, Boutwell, Bowen, Boyden, Bromwcll,
Auckland, Buckley, Burr, Roderick It. Butler, Callis,
Oliit,Cobb, Oobum, Corley, Cullora, Dewceao, Doelc-
erv, Dodgo, Donnelly, Driggs, Edwards, Ela. Eld-
ridge, Thomas D. Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry, French,
Goliad d.y,(ioss,GraiVoly, trover, Hamilton, Haughey,
Hawkins, Honton, Uigby, Hill. Hopkins, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Hunter. Aloxanderll. Jones, Judd, Julian,
Kclloy, Kellogg, Kitchen, Knott,Lash, William Law-
ront'.o. Loan, Lognn, Loug]md#e, Lynch, Muynard,
McC'ormick. McKco, Miller, Mungen, Nowcomb.
Newsbani, Norns, Nunn, O'Neill, Pcrhaio, Pettis,
Pierce, PlUo, Pile, Plants, Polsloy, Dunce, Roots,
lloKtf, Sawjcr. Shanks, Shelliibarger. Siigroavos,
Sim Iding, Starkwen ther, Stokes, Stover,Tn tic, Thom-
as, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, CadwaladorO. Wash-
burn, H#nry 1). Wofchhiirn, William B. Washburn,
Wolkor, Whittemoro, William Williams, John T.
Wilson. Woodbndgo, and Young—i)9.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ander-
son. Arndl, DoiosR. Ashley. Batley, Baldwin. Banks,
Barnes. Beniatnin, Blaino, Boles. Header W. Clarko,
Took, Delano, Dickey, Dixon, Eggleaton, Garfield,
Glnssbronner, Gove, Harding, Hooper, Richard D.
Hubbard, Thomas L. Jones, Koloham, Laflin, Lin-
fi)ln, MeLullousb.Morour, Morreli, Morrisscy, Mul-
ling Paino, Phelps, Price, Pruyn, Unum, Selye,
S;'! h«r. Tift, Lawrence S, Trimble, Van Aornam,
Van Aukoti, Van Trump. Vidal, Elihu B. Wash-
Ininio, Thomas Wiilianis, Jamess F. Wilson, aud
Stnphon F. Wilson—50.
So tho aniomlmont was disagreed to.
The question rccurrcv] on the motion of Mr.
Pomkuov to recommit (he bill to the Commit-
loo on Banking and Currency, with instruc-
tions to report forthwith the four sections as
amended.
Mr. MILLER. I move to lay the bill and
iimondnionlH on the table.
Mr, RANDALL. On thai I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
I he question was then taken ; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 81, nays 00, not
voting 42; as follows:
YEAvS—Messrs. Ames, Archer. James M. Ashley,
Lu dwm, Luiiks, Barn urn, Beaijan, Bontou, Bout-
Wi! . Bovr.r. Jvnrik* 1trnr.Tr>-> It "ft,,., Ti*
Humphrey, Jenckes, Johnson, Koliev. KUcham
Koontz, Lalltti, (ieorgo V. Lawrence, Lynch,Mallory,
Marvin, McCarthy, Miller,Moons Mooihcad. Mveis
O'Neill, Porham. Peters. Pettis, Plant-, Poland
Poirtf>rrtv Pric/  Prnvn T?.i i^o)l TJ k.,,
xkr , v,v ,.i.',v muu, jjurt \ an jjorn, v an
^\yck,M nrd.WilliamB.AVashburn.Jaines F.Wilson,
VrWo°dbridgo, and Woodwaid—84.
NAlS—Mcsrs. Allison, IJoIos R. Ashley. Axtcll,
•Baker. Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Blair, Bowen, Bov-
iiBurr, Eodi-rick JK.
Butler,Oallw,Reader W. Clarke, Olift, Cobb, Ooburn,
:v,,, a m Vf'rt'-uwu' myuy, xtounan, nop-
i S r;,rIuDrn1' xiunter, Alexander U. ,
\vi 1 iar' lvertr- k«ohon. Knott. Lash,
Pierce, Pike, Pile, Polsley.Prinoe W, R,,r «
yer, Schenck, Shanks, SQlabarlVr Bto'& Stono"
Stover Taffe John Trimble. TrolbridKe Robert^ ft
Van Horn. Vuu Truiop, Cadwalader C. Washburn
Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Whittemore, William
Williams, John T. Wilson, Windom, and Young—96.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell,
Bailey, Barnes, Bingham, Blackburn, Blaine, Boles,
Cook.Cullom, Delano,Dixon, Driggs, Edwards, James
T. Elliott, Glossbrenner, Cross, Harding, Richard D.
Hubbard, Ingersoll, Thomas L. Jones, Kellogg, Kel-
sey, Lincoln, McCullough, Mercur, Morreli, Morris-
soy, Mullins, Newsham, Phelps, Raum, Selye, Sypher,
Tift, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken, Vidal, Blihu
B. Washburne, Thomas Williams, and Stephen F.
Wilson—42.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Tlie question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Pombkoy to recommit the bill to the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency, with instructions
to report the four sections.
Mr. POLAND. I move to amend the in-
structions.
The SPEAKEB. It cannot be done, the
provious question being now partly executed.
Mr. 1NGEKSOLL. I demand the yeas and
nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—•
ayes 19, noes 79.
Mr. RANDALL. I demand tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused.
The previous question was then seconded
and the main question ordered ; and under
the operation thereof the motion of Mr. Pom-
Kitor was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I report back from the
Committee on Banking and Currency, accord-
ing to instruction, Senate bill No. 440, supple-
mentary to an act entitled "An act to provide
a national currency secured by a pledge of
United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," approved
June ;i, 18(11, with an amendment in the nature
of a substitute, striking out all after the enact-
ing clause and inserting in lieu thereof the
three sections with Ihe amendments reported
by the committee, and the fourth section as
amended by the substitution of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana, 1 Mr.
Coiiuu.w]
Mr. J UDD; I demand the previousquestion.
On seconding the previous question there
were—-ayes 53, noes 59 ; the Speaker voting in
the alfirmative to make a quorum. ,
Mr. JUDD. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. ,Tui>n and Pomeiioy.
The Uouso divided; and the tollers re-
ported—ayes 72, noes 69.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question recurred upon ordering the
main question to be now put.
Mr. RANDALL demanded the yeas and
nays.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to a point of order.
T asked the tellers to count the vote of my col-
league, [Mr. Wood,] who was unable to leave
his seat, and the tellers refused to count him.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
lain that as a question of order. The Chair
cannot allow the business of the Houje to be
interfered with unless some gentleman com-
plains that he is himself personally aggrieved.
Mr. ,J (TDD. As I was one of the telleis I
ask unanimous consent to make a statement.
Jlr. RANDALL. I object,
Mr. JUDD. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. V, ooo] desired to be counted in his scat
and without passing between the tellers, and
the tellers refused to count him.
The SPEAKER. If any gentleman says
that he has been aggrieved the Chair will enter-
tain the question, but not the statement of
another party.
The question was taken upon ordering the
main question ; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 95, nays 76, not voting 51 ;
as lb Mows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Allison, Delos K. Ashley, Baker.
Boanjjin, BeattyJBeck, Benjamin, Blair, Bowen, Boy-
nen. Bromwell, Buckland, Bueklev, Burr. Roderick
R. Butler, Callis, Cary, Reader W. Clarke. Sidney
Clarke, Clift, Cobb, Coburn, Corley, Cullora. Deweese,
Boek^y, Dodse, Donnelly, Ecklcy, Edward?, Egglo-
ston, Ferry. French, Golladay, Goss, Gove, Otavely,
(irover, Hamilton, llaughcy, Hawkins, Beaton,
Higby, Holman, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard,
IIuntGr. Johnson. Alexander H.Jones, Judd, Julian!
Kerr, Kitchen, Knott, Lash, Loan. Logan, Lough-
ridge, Marshall, Maynard, MeKee,Newcomb, News-
ham, Norris, Nunn, Orth, Fame, Pierce, File, Polslcy,
Prince, Raum, Roots, Ross, Sawyer, Schenck, Shanks,
Sheliabarger, Stokes, Stover, Sypher. Taffe, Trow-
bridge, RobertT. Van Horn, Van Trump. Cadwala-
der C.Washburn, Henry D. Wasbburn, Welker, Wbit-
teraore, William Williams, James F. Wilson, John
T. Wilson, Windom, Woodbridge,and Youn?—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Archer. James M. Ashley,
Axtell, Banks,Barnuin,Benton,Bingnarn, Boutweli,
Boyer, Brooks, Broomall, Benjamin F. Butler. Cake
Chanler, Churchill, Cornell, Covode, Da-vve?, Dickey,
ThomabD. Eiiot, Ferriss, Fields,Fox, Garfield, Getz]
Griswold, XIalsey, Hill, Hotchkiss, Hulburd. Hum-
phrey, Ingersoll, Jenckes. Kclley, Kellogg, Kclsev,
Ketcham, Koon^z, Laflin, Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy,
McCormick, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Myers, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Perbam, Pettis, Phelps,
Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn, Randall,
Robertson,Robinson,Scofield, Smith,Stevens. Stew-
art, Stone, Taber. Taylor, Thomas, Twichell, Upson,
Burt Van Horn. Van Wyck, Ward, and Wood—70.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell,
Bailey. Baldwin, Barnest> Blackburn, Blaine, Boles,
Cook, Delano, Dixon, Driggs. Ela, Eldridge, Jninos
T. Elliott, Farnsworth. Glossbrenner, Haight, Hard-
ing, Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard,Richard D. Hub-
bard, Thomas !L. Jones, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Lincoln, Mallory. McCullough,
Mercur, Morreli, Mornssey, Mullins, Mungen,
1 eters, Pike, Selye, Sitgreaves, Spalding. Stark-
weather, Tift, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Van Aernam, Van Auken, Vidal, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, William B. Washburn, Thomas Williams,
Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodward—51.
So the main question was ordered.
unrolled bills, etc., stoned.
Mr. HOLMAN", from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and a
joint resolution of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same :
An aet (IT. K. No. 1745) for the relief of
the estate of Isaac Philips, deceased, who was
a private in the revolutionary war ;
An act (IT. R. No. 1749) granting a pension
to Daniel Hauser, a citizen of North Carolina,
and a soldier of the war of 1812 ; and
.Joint resolution (H. 11. No. 459) authorizing
the Secretary of War to allow to the New York-
arid Oswego Midland Railroad Company aright
of way across a portion of the public grounds
at Port Ontario, Oswego, New York, for rail-
road purposes.
consular, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, was ex-
cused from further service on the committee
of conference on the consular and diplomatic
appropriation bill; and the Speaker appointed
Mr. Kelsey in his place.
message i'kom the president.
A message in writing from tlie President was
communicated to the House by Mr. Moouk,
his Private Secretary.
national currency again.
The SPEAKER stated that the question was
on the substitute for the Senate bill reported
by tho Committee on Banking and Currency
under tlie instructions of the House.
Mr. llOBINSON. On that I ask the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROOKS. We have got rather mud-
dled on this question. I want to hav.e the sub-
stitute read.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon strik-
ing out all after the enacting clause of the Sen-
ate bill and inserting four sections with which
the Chair supposes the House is familiar—tho
three lirst sections as amended by the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency, and the fourth
section proposed by the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Cobckx. ]
Mr. BROOKS. What becomes of the sec-
ond section?
The SPEAKER. It remains in the bill.
Mr. WOOD. Is it in order now to move to
lay the bill and amendment on the table?
ihe SPEAKER. It ia not, because there
has been no change in the position of t,We bill
since that motion was voted on, except that the
previous question has been seconded and the
main question ordered. After the question has
been taken on the amendment, if it prevails,
