1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Veteran Reserve corps, which is not a pro-
portionate redaction, and yet the number of
enlisted men included in the Veteran. Reserve
corps at this momentdo not constitute a greater
number than might well be put into two regi-
ments. It may be unpopular, perhaps, to
express the opinion, but 1 have never been
able to see why the retention of the Veteran
Iieserve corps in the Army is a necessary mat-
ter of national philanthropy. It is not com-
posed of able-bodied men; otherwise they
would not be placed in the Vetera.n Reserve
corps. They receive full pay, but are unfit for
any other than garrison duty. If we want to
reduce our Army to the smallest possible num-
ber we should have in it none but efficient
men in the military service. Let those who
compose the Veteran Reserve corps receive
from us au adequate pension, if their disabled
condition requires it, and permit them to
devote their attention to other occupations in
life. You give to an officer or a private who has
lost both arms a miserable pittance when com-
pared with the pay of those who with slighter
disabilities are enlisted in the veteran reserves
and allowed full pay as officers and soldiers.
I do not think this is absolutely necessary as
a measure of justice. I think it is a very un-
equal measure of justice to make that sort of
discrimination against those who most need
the national charity.
I think also that the bill of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butlee] in some re-
spects lacks method and precision; for exam-
ple, in the reduction of the officers of the staff
departments he provides that they shall be re-
duced in number one half. But he makes no
discrimination for any difference of reduction
in thedifFerentdepartments. Hegoes upon the
assumption that precisely the same measure of
reduction is required in the adjutant general's
department, the commissary general's depart-
ment, the quartermaster general's department,
and the medical department. Whereas the bill
reported from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs discriminates between the requirements
of these different departments and presents the
appearance, at least, of having been digested
with reference to the varied necessities of the
service. It specifies how many of a certain rank
shall be reduced in each one of these depart-
ments. It is, therefore, in that respect method-
ical and specific, and is in that particular, I
think, superior to the bill presented by the
gentleman from Massachusetts as a substitute.
And the bill of the Military Committee, in
respect to some of these departments at least,
makes nearly an equal reduction. For exam-
ple, in the subsistence, quartermaster, and
pay departments there are now about one hun-
dred and forty-seven officers. The bill of the
Military Committee reduces the number to one
hundred and six, but with the discriminations
I have named.
■ The bill presented by the gentleman from
Massachusetts is not, I think, such a measure
with regard to its provisions for the mustering
out of the service of supernumerary officers as
ought to meet with the approbation of this
House, especially with reference to the muster-
ing out of officers of the higher grades. In my
judgment, it is not in accordance with the
fitness of things that men who have spent the
better part of their lives in the service of their
country, who have reached middle age, or
more, and who have attaiued high rank as the
reward of illustrious services rendered in the
field during the recent civil war—I say it is not in
accordance with the fitness of things that these
men should be summarily mustered out of the
service and not permitted even the poor priv-
ilege of aeceptingan inferior rank. But by the
bill of the gentleman from Massachusetts their
profession is at once wrested from them, and
they are to be turned into the world adrift
without any certain occupation or means of
support.
Ilis bill provides that there shall hereafter
be but three major generals. Instead of allow-
ing, as the bill of the Military Committee does,
tliefive majorgeneralsuow in service to remain,
it musters two of them out, deprives them of
their rank and profession, and dismisses them
from the Army. Which of the five major gen-
erals in the line of the Army shall be selected
for this dishonor? They are all well known
to the country: H&lleck, Meade, Sheridan,
Thomas, and Hancock. Which two of them
will you muster out? Which two of them have
deserved this at the hands of their countrymen?
There may be various opinions with reference
to the comparative merits of these generals.
But there is not one among them all who, with
a similar record iu the days of the first Napo-
leon, would not have been created a field mar-
shal, a duke, and a prince of the empire. I do
not think that even the meritorious cause of
retrenchment and economy requires us to per-
petrate this indiguity upon men who have per-
iled their lives iu defense of this Union and
who have reflected imperishable luster upon
the pages of their country's history.
It is the same with the brigadier generals.
The bill of the gentleman from Massachusetts
proposes to reduce them to five in number.
He provides for six, but that includes the chief
of staff. Of those in the line but five are
to remain in the Army. There are now only
eight upon the active list. I believe it is un-
derstood that General Cooke will shortly be
retired on account of his advanced age, leav-
ing but seven brigadier generals of the line
remaining. Of these seven brigadier generals
two are to be summarily dismissed. Which
of them shall be selected for the sacrifice-
McDowell, Pope, Schofield, Howard, Terry,
Ord, or Canby? Whieh two of these shall be
selectedto be kicked out of the Army, without
sentence, without trial, without acccusation,
with as little ceremony as was the hero of that
famous song, "Captain Jinks of the horse
marines?" |
We cannot, even in the cause of economy j
and reform, do that which will dishonor a
faithful public servant; for his dishonor, per-
petrated at our hands, will be our dishonor. I
am therefore opposed to adopting the measure
proposed in the bill of the gentleman from
Massachusetts for the mere sake of all the dol-
lars that might thus be saved.
We are called upon to pay millions in order
that our supposed obligations to the bond-
holders may be satisfied. Even although by
the letter of the contract we can pay in cur-
rency, the nation has resolved to pay in gold.
Are the services of the usurer of more account
than the services of those who periled their
lives in the defense of the Government ? Shall
we acknowledge a greater obligation to pay
the bondholders in gold for that which they
paid us in currency than to honor and protect
those who shed their blood in our cause?
It may be asked whether all the grades shall
be included in those which are not to be mus-
tered out. It may be that we ought not to
retain in active service and on full pay every
officer of every grade -in the Army who by the
reduction of the Army, according to either of
these measures, may be rendered supernumer-
ary. For my own part, I should be glad if
some gentleman better acquainted than myself
with the details of military affairs would pro-
pose an amendment to create an active half-
pay list, so that we might place upon that list
supernumerary officers on half pay until the
occurrence of vacancies, to which they might
be gradually transferred. I am opposed, at all
events, to the wholesale muster-out proposed
by the bill of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. But I see that my time is about expir-
ing. I trust the House, when the proper time
comes, will vote down the substitute of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, and that what
is good in it may be incorporated into the bill
reported to the House from the Committee on
Military Affairs. And whatever may assist in
amending, perfecting, and speeding the early
passage of a proper measure of Army reduc-
tion through this House, I have no doubt every
| gentlemaif who acts with me on this side of the
| House will cordially support. Aud it trom any
i insincority with reference to the passage ot
such a measure or from any conflicting propo-
sitions in the House or in the Senate, there
should be, after all, no reduction of the Army,
the fault will not rest with the minority, who
are helpless of themselves to carry through
any measure of public policy, but-the respons-
ibility will rest upon that overwhelming ma-
jority who when they are in earnest' are able
to consummate any measure of congressional
legislation.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr.-Chairman, I propose
(hat the committee shall rise for the purpose
of limiting debate on this bill. There are two
members of the Committee on Military Affairs,
the chairman [Mr. Garfield] and the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Pjle,] who desire to
speak, the former for fifteen minutes and the
latter for twenty minutes. I therefore propose
that general debate shall be limited to thirty-five
minutes, which shall be apportioned between
the two gentlemen designated in the manner I
have indicated. Perhaps the Committee of the
Whole may give unanimous consent to this
arrangement, avoiding the formality of risiug.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What debate does the gen-
tleman propose to allow after general debate
shall have been closed?
Mr. BLAINE. The ordinary five-minutes
debate on amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
general debate will be limited to thirty-five
minutes, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
held] to occupy fifteen minutes and the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Pile] twenty min-
utes.
There was no objection.
Mr. PILE addressed the committee. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I appreciate the neces-
sity of closing this general debate, and I there-
fore acceded to the arrangement that gives
me but fifteen minutes to say what I have to
say in conclusion on the amendments now
pending.
I was sorry that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] felt it to be his duty to
spend so much time on what appeared, per-
haps, to the House to be an antagonism between
himself and the Committee on Military Affairs,
when in fact there was no antagonism at all, on
the necessity of reforming the laws whieh regu-
late the pay of the Army. Nearly all that the
gentleman from Massachusetts said on that
subject met the most hearty approval of the
Committee on Military Affairs; indeed, the
gentleman took his amendment out of a bill
which has been carefully considered by the
committee and which we had hoped to report
to the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. One word.
I never saw that bill, never heard of it.
Mr. GARFIELD. Well, all I have to say
is that I hold the bill in my hand, and it is a
singular example of the agreement of great
minds, for not only the amount of salaries is
the same but the language of the pay section
of the gentleman's bill is almost word for word
the language of the bill introduced by my col-
league [Mr. Schf.xck] more than two years
ago and thoroughly considered by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs last session. It is a
most remarkable instance of two great minds
running in the same channel. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would ask the gentle-
man if the committee did not get their bill from
the gentleman from Massachusetts? Perhaps
he has priority in point of time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will not debate the
priority of patents in this matter. I can say
for mys.elf and for the Committee on Military
Affairs that we have no desire to enter into any
mere question of personal precedence in the
management of this bill. If the country can
be better served by having the Committee on
Military Affairs deliver up its business to any
member of the House, I am quite content to
give in my resignation ; I am resigned in two
; senses. But what I desire to say is that I am
ready and willing;, and 1 think I speak for the
Commititee on Military Affairs, to offer to the
bill of the eouiuuttue au amendment-reforming
