1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
383
pending before the Senate affected by the ex-
istence of the war? life rights of this claim-
ant and the obligations of this Government
are to be determined in the light of the laws
of war. Does any Senator claim any more
from the existence of the war than that the
right of this bill and the obligation of this
Government are to be settled and adjudicated
in the light of the laws of war? Well, then,
what are the laws of war as bearing upon the
questions involved in this bill? I am going to
state my understanding erf them, and I think
I shall state them liberally enough to satisfy
even the Senator from Michigan or the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
What may this Government do, then, in time
of war and under the sanction of its laws ?
Why, sir, according to my understanding of
that code, this Government may, in the admin-
istration of the laws of war, seize and confiscate
every dollar of property owned by an enemy
wherever the Government can find it, and
within enemy's territory the Government may
capture and confiscate all property, let it be
owned by a friend or an enemy. When I say
that, I am makingallthe concession that I hope
will be asked of me. 1 think that is the doc-
trine of war to-day. I say to my distinguished
friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Dayis,] who does
me the honor to listen to me, that I would fight
against that definition, as abler men than I
have protested against it time and time again ;
but, after all, I think it is the doctrine to-day.
The Senator from Massachusetts says that
Bynkershoek is the highest authority, Byn-
kershoek's testimony is emphatic. The Sen-
ator says he is tiie authority of last resort. I
am inclined t'o think the Senator is right; and
that I may not be understood as having made
this concession to the laws of war without a
pretty respectable backing I will read from this
writer of the highest authority his definition of
war. " War is a contest by force," says Byn-
kershoek :
"I have not said by lawful force, for in my opinion
every force is lawful in war. Thus it is lawful to de-
stroy an enemy though he may be unarmed and de-
teu^eles^ ; it is lawful to make use against him of
poison, of missile weapons, of fire-arms, though he
may not be provided with any such means of attack
or defense; in short, everything is lawful against an
enemy."—Bynkerakoeh's Law of War, p. 2.
So Bynkershoek said. I think myself that
while he discusses the laws of war with a good
deal of the genius of John Milton, he discusses
them very much in the spiritof a Dutch butcher;
but so lie said, and®lthough others have cav-
iled at and remonstrated against it, I do not
find very satisfactorily the authority which
overthrows and denies it. Even the great John
Marshall, whose intuitions revolted against
against this monstrous doctrine, could do no
more in the light of authority than to hang his
head and to say in the language I am about to
read to the Senate—
"P^espectine: the power of government no doubt is
entertained. That war gives to the sovereign full
right to take the persons andconfiscatethe property
ot the enemy wherever found is conceded. The
mitigations of this rigid rule, which thehumane and
wise policy of modern times has introduced into
practice, will more or less affect the exercise of this
right,butcannotimpair thorightitself. Thatremains
undiminished.and when the sovereign authority shall
elioose to bring it into operation the judicial depart-
ment must givo eficct to .its will."—Brown tin. The
United States, 8 Craneh, 122.
But, Mr. President, while Chief Justice Mar-
shall bowed his head in submission to this rule
as within the scopc of sovereign rights in war,
he said one thing which must not be lost sight
of, if we mean to do justice and to execute law,
upon the simple bill which is before us. While
he declared that the sovereign could confiscate
the property of an enemy wherever it was
found, and could capture all property in enemy
country, he said that only the sovereign could
do it—not that General Granger, not that any
subordinate could do it. The national will
must be declared upon the point; and if the
national wilLsaid seize and confiscate, or capture
and confiscate the property, it could be done.
What has the national will said about that ?
What act has ever .been put upon your statute-
book or been proposed on your journals
which has offered to put a loyal citizen and
subject of the United States on the footino-of
an enemy ? That no one insists. °
War, you see, Mr. President, introduces new
distinctions, both geographical and political.
War divides ail human society into three classes:
one is composed of friends ; one is composed of
enemies ; one is composed of neutrals, neither
friends nor enemies. How distinguished? Not
by a visible line drawn between one and the
other. That is impracticable. The line which
separates or the marks which distinguish be-
tween the loyal and the disloyal are more like
those blood stains which, as ray friend from
New Jersey knows, were drawn upon the door-
posts in .Egypt to designate the houses from
which the first-born should be taken from those
which should be passed over. But it makes
another distinction, not political, but geograph-
ical. It divides all the world into three dis-
tricts. One portion is friendly territory, an-
other portion is enemy's territory, and another
portion is neutral territory.
That mark is not invisible; those divisions
can always be traced. You need not blunder
in pursuing those. That Sue Murphey stood
on the right line of the first division, that she
was among the friends and not among the
enemies of the country, is true, if she was loyal.
That is what we mean by a friend. If she was
not, (and that question is to be tried hereafter,)
then she was on the wrong side, and her prop-
erty was open to the confiscation of the Gov-
ernment. But if she was loyal, then where
was her property? If that was in enemy's ter-
ritory the Government could pursue it: at what
cost and upon what terms is another consider-
ation. The Government could pursue it; but
was it in enemy's territory? Over an'd over
again I put the question, what facts constituted
Decatur, Alabama, in March, 1864, enemy's
territory? and finally I put the question to the
Senator from Michigan, and whoever puts him
a question is likely to get an answer. Imme-
diately I got one from him. If he does not
always get a right answer I am sure it is rather
the misfortune than the fault of the Senator,
for I know he always intends to give the right
answer. He gave me one. Several facts, he
said, constituted that condition of affairs; first,
the proclamations of the President.
Mr. HOWARD. No; first, the statute of
1SG1.
Mr. HOWE. Well, first the proclamation
of the President, issued in accordance with the
statute of 1861. Sir, do you know just where
the President gets his authority to make one
portion of the United States enemy's territory,
and so to distinguish it from other portions
of the United States? He has the power to
pardon crime; and recently and very sternly
we have heard on this floor his light denied to
spread the grace of amuesty over a large dis-
trict of country. If he cannot grace any portion
of the country with an amnesty in the exercise
of the pardoning power, where, in the name
of law, does he get the authority "to conclude a
large portion of the country under the ban of
guilt? He has no such authority. It was never
breathed in my ears that he had any such
authority until this debate came up. But, Mr.
President, I ask when he undertook to exert
any such monstrous power? In his proclama-
tions? Not a word of it. What are those proc-
lamations, of which so much has been said ?
That he declared Alabama, South Carolina,
and Virginia to be in insurrection ? No, sir ;
not that. There are several of them.
The first proclamation looking in this direc-
tion which he issued bears date on the luthof
April, 1861. That was to call out the militia.
That was the object of it. What was his reason
for calling out the militia? That half of the
country was in insurrection? Why, he said
that "the laws ofthe United States have been
for some time past and now are opposed, and
'the execution thereof obstructed in the States
of South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama," and
others ; and he wanted the militia to help to
execute the laws. A little later than that he
issued another proclamation, in which he said,
not that Alabama was in insurrection, b t that
an "^insurrection against the Government of
the United States has broken out in the States
of South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama," &c.,
and therefore I order a blockade of the ports
of those States; and a little later came another
proclamation, in which he said an iiwurreetion
had broken out in Virginia and North Carolina
and some other States. Then comes another
proclamation:
Tji"^iheleas an insurrection exists in the State of
morula., by which the lives, libert  and property of
loyal citizens are endangered; and whereas it is
deemed proper that all needful measures should bo
taken tor the protection of such citizens and all offi-
cers of the United States in the discharge of their
public duties mthe State aforesaid; Nbw therefore
be it known that X, Abraham Lincoln, President of
the united States, do' hereby direct the commander
of the forces of the United States on the Florida
coast to permit no person to exercise any office or
authority upon the islands of Key West, the Tortu-
gas, and Santa Eosa which may be inconsistent with
the laws and Constitution of the United States; au-
thorizing him at the same time, if he shall find it
necessary, to suspend there thewritof habeas corpus,
and to remove from the vicinity of the United States
lortresses all dangerous or suspected persons."
There was an insurrection in Florida, as there
was in Alabama, as there was in Georgia, but
was all Florida enemy's territory? Did the
President mean that ? What was his object in
issuing that proclamation? To protect the
lives and property of the citizens of the United
States; and these proclamations are paraded
to us day after day as evidence of a purpose
on the part of the President not to protect the
property of the citizens of the United States,
and they are pleaded here as the authority by
which and under which any officer command-
ing in the name of the Unfted States any por-
tion of your armies could plunder at will all
property within alt those States! It was in
the light of this language, employed in these
proclamations, that 1 ventured to ask my friend,
the Senator from New York, the other day, if
we were necessarily to conclude because the
President said that an insurrection existed in
a State that it involved the whole State.
Myfriendatmyleft [Mr. Edmunds]instances
an insurrection which broke out in Pennsyl-
vania ; another one which broke out in Massa-
chusetts ; but I instance portions of the terri-
tory of the United States involved in these
very proclamations. Several of these procla-
mations included the State of Virginia, and if
we are to conclude that all Virginia was ene-
my's territory because those proclamations
described Virginia as one of the districts in
which the insurrection had broken out, why
then the honorable Senators from that State
were representing enemy's territory on this
floor. Will Senators tell me that that portion
of old Virginia which now constitutes what is
known as West Virginia was ever enemy's ter-
ritory, or was made so by these proclamations?
Always on the eastern side of the Chesapeake
bay there have been portions of what is still
Virginia, always a part of Virginia, always
included in this general term, which were
never occupied by the enemy, and which I
think no Senator hero will pretend was ever
enemy's territory.
But, Mr. President, all these proclamations
had just one of two purposes : either to lay the
grounds upon which the ports of these States
should be blockaded, or to assign the reasons
for calling out a larger military force to enforce
the laws of the United States. Here is an-
other proclamation to which the attention of
the Senate has been repeatedly called, which
had a different purpose. Its purpose was to
regulate trade between that portion of the
country which was friendly and that portion
of the country which was hostile territory.
There it was necessary to be a little specific.
This is the proclamation which I understand
was issued specifically in pursuance ofthe act
of Congress to which the honorable Senator
from Michigan referred.
Mr. HO WARD. The proclamation of
August 16, 1861.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir. This proclamation,
after reciting that an insurrection "against
the laws, Constitution, and Government of the .
