1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Saulsbury.
Senate.
itselfto the judgment of everybody, and that they
roast have a night session to hurry it through?
No, sir; they proceeded cautiously, wisely.
They were men raised up by the Almighty to
form organic laws for political society; they
were men specially raised up by the Almighty
to lay the foundations of empire aird to secure
to the people of this western world forever the
priceless boon of civil liberty regulatedby law.
That was the object of their high mission, and
they applied themselves to the discharge of its
duties free from any partisan bias, free from
any selfish object, uninfluenced by any other
motive than that of the good of the whole
country.
They had their differences in reference to the
nature and character of the government which
should be established. Various plans were
submitted to the Convention for the considera-
tion of its members. While there was no one
who denied that under the Articles of Confed-
eration each State was sovereign and inde-
pendent, some thought it would be better to
create a new government possessing stronger
powers, more comprehensive powers, but none
questioned that the States whose representa-
tives were there assembled were sovereign and
independent.
I cite these facts because they have relevancy
to the question now before the Senate. They
go to the nature and character and foundation
of the Federal Union as it exists under the Con-
stitution of the United States. Some proposed
that a national Government should be estab-
lished, with a national Legislature, a national
Executive, and a national judiciary—a strong
centralized Government, whose supreme au-
thority in reference to almost all subjects should
be recognized and obeyed from one extent of
the country to the other, and within whose keep-
ing should rest the rights of the people of the
States. What was the action of the fathers
upon that question ? Did they mean to estab-
lish a national Government? Did they mean
to establish a national Legislature ? Did they
mean to establish a national judiciary? If
they had so meant, they would have established
them. What did they do? Why, sir, the prop-
osition to establish a national Government, with
a national Legislature, a national executive, and
anatiocal judiciary, was solemnly voted down in
that Con vention; the words were stricken out of
the plan, and it was then, after long, cautious,
and wise deliberation, determined upon by them
to establish a Federal Union; and that there
might be no mistake in reference to the nature
and character of that Federal Union, of the
powers to be possessed by the Federal Gov-
ernment and the powers to be enjoyed by the
States, they reduced their agreement and bond
of union to writing, solemnly signed it, and
sent it forth to whom ? To the people of the
United States? Not at all, sir; because they
did not know that there was any people of the
United States.
There was then no people of the United
States, and in its strict and legitimate sense
there is no people of the United States to-
day, any further than you may call the in-
habitants of this country the people of the
United States, because they are the people of
the States united. In that sense they are the
people of the United States, but in no other
legitimate and proper sense. They are the
people of the several States united together
under one common form of government, with
very limited and delegated powers. They did
not send it forth to the people of what you
Call the United States for their ratification.
Those men were not in the habit of sending
forth organic laws to the great mass of people
inhabiting a vast country to be considered in a
great Democratic assemblage of unlimited
numbers and determined by a unanimous or
majority vote of the assembled multitude. The
example of the inhabitants of ancient Poland,
among whom no law could be enacted but by
the unanimous voice of the people, did not
commend itself to their judgment. They sub-
mitted the organic law framed by them for the
common government of the confederated States
of the Union to those States respectively—an
organic law which, in the language of Mr.
Madison, did not so much confer new powers
on the Union as it strengthened and invigo-
rated those already possessed by the Union.
" Truth is," says he, Federalist No. 39:
" That the great principles of the Constitution pro-
posed by the Convention may be considered less as
absolutely new than as the expansion of principles
whicb are found in the Articles of Confederation."
And, sir, the very form of the submission of
the Constitution for ratification indicates most
clearly and shows most conclusively the nature
and charactef of the Constitution itself. It was
framed, not by representatives elected by the
whole people of the United States, nor was it
framed by delegates appointed by the several
States according to population; but it was
framed by delegates* appointed by the several
States, each State having an equal vote upon
all its provisions. There is the sovereignty of
the States indicated ; there is the independence
of the States indicated, recognized in the very
formation of the Federal Constitution, and
while the fathers lived recognized by every act
of legislation and every act of amendment of
the Constitution.
It was submitted not to the people of the
United States, nor to the people of the States ;
it was submitted to independent, sovereign
States, and it was ratified not by the people of
the United States, but it was ratified by the
several States; and so the form of ratification
of every State of that instrument appears of
record. My own State, then fewer in popula-
tion than now, was the first to accept it as the
bond of union between the States. She was
one of the thirteen that gave the opportunity
to these new States to come in and enjoy with
her the blessings of a common Federal union ;
and now, although they have outstripped her
in the race of States and outnumbered her in
population, and are more extensive in domain,
these new States, which were then a howling
wilderness, the native domain of the buffalo and
the wild animals which roved in their forests—
and of these new States one, the youngest of
them all—comes and proposes to fasten upon
my State and other States, againsttheir will, an
amendment, as it is called, to the Constitution
of the United States which subverts her gov-
ernment, destroys her sovereignty and her in-
dependence ; makes her a mere creature to do
the will and bidding of a so-called Federal
Congress. Modesty, sir, if nothing else, should
have kept the State of Nevada, extensive in
domain, few in population, a political baby in
its swaddling clothes, from coming into the
Senate of the United States and attempting
to force upon the States which gave Nevada
the only right she has to be heard in this Hall,
laws and constitutional amendments not only
repugnant to the wishes of their people, but
destructive of their rights of self-government.
Sir, the fathers framed no national Govern-
ment. The term " national Government" is
of comparatively modern origin. It required
the illumination of more modern times to apply
to a Federal Union the term "nationality."
I suppose, Mr. President, if there were any
three men in the United States who understood
the true nature and character of the Govern-
ment meant to be established by the Constitu-
tion of the United States those men were
Madison, Hamilton, and Jay. Their exposi-
tions of it in the Federalist are cited by all par-
ties in this Chamber, and are recognized, in
theory at least, however disregarded in practice,
as the clearest and most authoritative exposi-
tions of the text. And what was the doctrine
of these men in respect to the nature and char-
acter of our Government, Federal and State?
Did they hold that the Federal Government was
a sovereign power; that its authority was unlim-
ited. ana tnat the States were created by it,
derived their authority from it, and could exer-
cise none except by its permission? Nay,
verily. " We have seen," says Mr. Madison
in the number of the Federalist already cited:
" That in the new Government, as in the old, the
general powers are limited, and that the States in all
unenumeratedeases are left to the enjoymentof their
sovereign and independent jurisdiction."
They held that the authority conferred by the
States upon the Federal Government was su-
preme within the legitimate exercise and opera-
tion of that authority, and that the authority of
the State governments was sovereign and inde-
pendent in all matters and in reference to all
subjects within their jurisdiction. They no-
where claim for the Federal Government in any
one or all of its departments united the pos-
session of sovereign power. Sovereign power
is inherent, original, self-existent, and inca-
pable of limitation. Supreme power may be
derivative, limited to the objects of its exercise,
and by rules established by a superior or sover-
eign for its exercise.
The States by the adoption of the Constitu-
tion created the Federal Government, and in
this exercise of their joint sovereign powers
limited its authority or derivative power from
them to enumerated subjects, and made this
derivative power in its just exercise supreme
over any attempt to exercise authority in refer-
ence to any of these subjects by any other
power. But the reserved power or authority
of the States is supreme over any attempt to
exercise authority in reference to subjects and
powers reserved to the States, and within their
sovereign and independent jurisdiction. It is
a remarkable fact, indicating their precision
of language and caution in the use of words,
as well as thorough knowledge of the char-
acter of our complex system of government,
and one which I recommend to the calm and
deliberate reflection of those advocating the
sovereignty, absolute sovereignty of the Fed-
eral Government, that there the earliest and
most authoritative expositors of the Constitu-
tion nowhere and on no occasion apply the
term sovereign to the definition of the powers
of that Government, and so frequently employ
that term to the State governments.
It may be said because I honestly hold
these opinions, and give utterance to them,
that I am disloyal; for it is now claimed that
any one who believes in the doctrine of State
rights is disloyal. It may be said that I am not
thoroughly and at heart attached to the Federal
Union. Sir, I do not justify my loyalty. I
enter into no defense in reference to my attach-
ment to the Federal Union. Harlots can prate
of virtue, and men who are sapping the found-
ations of their Government and plotting its
destruction may prate of loyalty. Let such
men defend their loyalty and their love of the
Union. It becomes not one who has taken
his lessons in reference to the nature and char-
acter of the Government under which he lives
from the teachings of the men who made it.
I say that the fathers held that the Constitu-
tion of the United States did not establish a
national Government, and was not a national
Constitution, and had not the features of a
national Constitution in the sense in which that
term is now so generally applied.
I will not take up the time of the Senate by
readisg extensively from the Federalist on that
subject; but in one number, written by Mr.
Madison, in which he was commending the
Constitution tothepeoplefortheiradoption, he
expresses the opinion that it is neither national
nor Federal in all respects, but that it is partly
Federal and partly national; but nowhere does
he say that it confers sovereign power upon
the Federal Government. I submit, however,
that even in the comparatively unimportant
relations in which it is considered by him as par-
taking of the character of national, it is strictly
Federal. He considers the character of the
Government first in relation to " the foundation
on which it is to be established," " the assent
