IW
APPENDIX--3X)-THE 0O$f©-BESSTOHAL GLOBE'.
[February 8,
SiNAftK
Suffrage Constitutional Amen dment—Mr, Saulsbury .
40tix Cong....3d Sbss:
and ratification by the people, notas individuals
composing one entire ftation, but as composing
the distinct and independent States to w'meh
they respectively belong."' In this respect he
declares the Government to be Federal-, and not
national. The second relation he considers is
the " sources from which the ordinary powers
of government are to be derived/' "The
House of Representatives," he says, "will
derive its powers from the people of America,
and the people will be represented in the same
proportion and on the same principle as they
are in the Legislature of a particular State.
So far the Government is national, and not
Federal." Instead of saying that the " House
of Representatives will derive its powers from
the people of America," it would have been
more accurate to have said that the "House
of Representatives will derive its powers from
the Constitution," and "shall be composed
of members chosen every second year," not
by "the people of America," but "by the
people of the several States," as the Constitu-
tion declares, article one, section two. " So far
the Government is Federal, and not national."
Without reading from the opiuions of Mr.
Madison further, I resume my own argument
to show that the Government established by
the Constitution is Federal, and not national.
The composition of the Senate establishes, so
far, the correctness of this principle. Article
one, section three, provides that "the Senate
of the United States shall be composed of two
Senators from each State, chosen by the Legisr
lature thereof for six years, and each Senator
shall have one vote." The mode of electing
the President of the United States is also
evidence of the Federal character of the Gov-
ernment. Section one of article two provides
that he shall be elected as follows:
"Bach State shall appoint, in such manner as the
Legislature .thereof may direct, a number of electors
equal to the whole number of Senators and Repre-
sentatives to which the State may be entitled in
Congress."
In case the election of a President shall
devolve upon the House of Representatives,
" the votes shall be taken by States, the repre-
sentation from each State having one vote."
If the character of the General Government, be
considered in relation to the extent of its
powers, it is Federal and not national:
"The idea of a national Government involves in it
not only an authority over the individual citir.en, but
an indefinite supremacy over all persons and things
so far as they are objects of lawful government.
Among a people consolidated into one nation this
supremacy is completely vested in the national Legis-
lature. Among communities united for particular
purposes.it isvested partly in the general and partly
m the municipal Legislatures, in the former case
all local authorities are subordinate to the supreme,
and may be controlled, directed, or abolished by it
at pleasure. In the latter the local or municipal
authorities form distinct and independent portions
of the supremacy, no more subject within their re-
spective spheres to the general authority than the
general authority is subject to them witnin its own
sphere. In this relation the proposed government
cannot be deemed a national one, since its jurisdic-
tion extends to certain enumerated objectsonly, and
leaves to the several States a residuary and inviolable
sovereignty over all otherobjects.—Federalist, No.39.
I admit that in the operation of its powers,
in declaring peace and war, in regulating com-
merce, in levying taxes, and in coining money,
it presents characteristics of a national Gov-
ernment, but not characteristics peculiar to a
national Government, a Federal Government.
A confederated Government or distinct Gov-
ernment, united by "a league, the feeblest of all
Governments, may possess the same powers
by compact and operate those powers not only
on the same subjects, but in the same manner
and to the same extent.
The manner of amending the Constitution
further establishes the fact that the Govern-
ment created by it is Federal and not national.
"The Congress, when ever two thirds of both Houses
shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to
the Constitution; or, on the application of the Legis-
latures of two thirds of the several States, shall call
a^ convention for proposing amendments, which, in
either case, shall be valid to all intents and purposes
as part of this Constitution when ratified"-—
"Not by three fourths <f£ the people; bat—
" by the Legislatures ofthree fourths of the several-
States or by conventions of three fourths thereof, as
the one or the other mode of ratification may be pro-
posed by the Convention."—Article 5 of Amendments
to the Constitution.
From this review of the formation of the Con-
stitution we learn the character of the Govern-
ment established by it. That Government is a
Federal, not national. It is composed of three
departments : the executive, judicial and le-
gislative. Each of these departments is lim-
ited as to its powers by the express provisions
of the Constitution. The powers of the Gen-
eral Government are delegated, not original.
The powers of the States are original, not del-
egated. To the States respectively or to the
people are reserved all powers ifot delegated
by the Constitution to the United States, hot
prohibited by it to the States. Congress, there-
fore, can do no act unless the power author-
izing the act to be done is delegated by the
Constitution to be exercised lay Congress. _
This is a principle of law which has received
a favorable judicial determination, and which
is not questioned and cannot be questioned,
that the powers of Congress are not sovereign,
but limited and governed by the express dele-
gation contained in the Constitution; whereas
a State Legislature can do anything that it is
not restrained from doing by the constitution
of the State.
Mr. President, the power to propose this
amendment is claimed to regide in Congress,
because in the article providing for an amend-
ment of the Constitution it is declared two
thirds of Congress may propose, and three
fourths of the State Legislatures may ratify,
any amendment. Let us consider the sound-
ness of this proposition. In construing that
article of the Constitution of the United States
which provides for its amendment we are
bound to look at the objects and purposes which
the framers of the Constitution had in view
when they incorporated that provision in the
Constitution, what it was that they contem-
plated could and might be done under that
provision of the Constitution. It does not fol-
low that because the power to propose amend-
ments to the Constitution is secured to two
thirds of Congress, and the ratification-provided
for by three fourths of the States, therefore,
under the pretense of amending the Constitu-
tion, two thirds of Congress and three fourths
of the States may incorporate into that instru-
ment any provision which they may arbitrarily
choose to incorporate into it. If so, you make
two thirds of Congress and three fourths of the
States absolutely sovereign, and all sovereignty
under this Federal Government would then re-
side in two thirds of Congress and three fourths
of the States. But mark you, sir, the States,
in the Articles of Confederation, reserved to
themselves severally and respectively sover-
eignty and independence, and retain under the
Constitution, according to Mr. Madison, a re-
siduary and inviolable sovereignty over all
objects over which they have not delegated
power to the United States. Did they ever part
with these attributes? If they have ever sur-
rendered their sovereignty and independence
you will find that surrender in the existing
Constitution of the United States. Now, show
me, sir, in the Constitution of the United States
when, where, and how that surrender has been
made. If they have not surrendered them—
and it is incumbent on you to show that sur-
render if it exists—they are reserved by an
express provision of the Constitution to the
States respectively or to the people.
The object of the formation of the Consti-
tution being the establishment of a common
Federal Government of limited and well defined
powers by compact, agreement, or Constitution
between or created by independent and sov-
ereign States, and that compact having been
entered into or that Constitution having been
made by independent and sovereign States, and
there having been no surrender of that inde-
pende.nce'or sovereignty, the States remain by
express reservation in the Federal Constitu-
tion independent and sovereign States. The
object, then, of the formation of the Constitu-
tion being union between sovereign and inde-
pendent States,with the power of amending the
bond of union between them, the Constitution,
that power of amendment must be considered
in reference to the rights of the parties forming
the Constitution and in reference and solely
in reference to objects common to all its mem-
bers; and when you go beyond an amendment
of that character, and propose a measure sub-
versive of the rights of any one of the mem-
bers entering into the Federal Union under
this Constitution you become revolutionists,
your so-called amendment ceases to be an
amendment, and becomes the exercise of abso-
lute and tyrannical power. Sir, had you at-
tempted it in the days-of the fathers they would
so have treated it, and the fields of these United
States, if it had become necessary, would have
been reddened with blood; not blood so cause-
lessly and so needlessly shed as that which has
been recently shed in the struggle for political
power, but blood shed in vindication of the
solemn, essential, inherent rights of sovereign
communities; blood shed in vindication of their
reserved rights of independence and sover-
eignty ; and for such a patriotic vindication of
their rights they would have had the sympathy
of the wise,- tire good, and the brave in all
times, for the love of freedom and of liberty,
regulated by law, has ever animated the hearts
and nerved the arms, excited the hopes and
inspired to deeds of high emprise the noble
and the great.
Is that disloyalty? The world says that
Hampden was a noble patriot, but Charles I and
some of those who surrounded him denounced
him as disloyal and a traitor. You, sir, have
talked, of the glorious deeds of Hampden.
Orators and statesmen have spoken his praise,
and of how nobly he vindicated civil liberty
against the exercise of tyrannic power. What
did he say, sir? In his only recorded speech
he declares this as a test of loyalty:
" To deny obedience to a king commanding any-
thing against God's true worship and religion, against
the ancient and fundamental laws of the land, and
endeavoring to perform them, is a good subject."
How different from the test definition of loy-
alty applied of late in the free Republic of the
United States! To resist the king when in:
fringing the fundamental law, says Hampden,
whose merits as a patriotyou have lauded, and
whose character is the admiration of the world
wherever civil liberty has a votary or human
freedom has a lover, is a test of true loyalty.
And yet. sir, when the late President of the
United States, by his own will and of his own
motion, suspended that great guarantee of civil
liberty and human freedom, the writ of habeas
corpus, and when members of this body or citi-
zens of the United States devoted to the funda-
mental law of the land questioned his authority
to do so, this Chamber and the Representative
Hall, and the columns of a vitiated and pol-
luted press—-these which should have been vin-
dicators of the rights of the citizens and of civil
liberty—rang with denunciations of them as
disloyal, and willing pens were given to the
disreputable task of attempting to show that
under the Constitution of the United States the
President had the right to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus. What did you do ? What did
the self-styled loyal men, many of whom prof-
ited by the profession of loyalty, afterward do
as evincing their true opinion upon that ques-
tion? They brought a bill into Congress and
passed it, authorizing the President to suspend
the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus, and
also a bill to indemnify the President and others
for acts done under presidential suspension
of the writ. The inconsistency in this regard
was only equaled by your inconsistency in ref-
erence to another measure. President Lincoln
assumed and presumed by proclamation to
