1336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
the present system of pay; but I should be very
sorry to see the section which the gentleman
from Massachusetts has offered on the subject
pass into law; not because I differ with the
general principle of the section, but because
in several of its details it will work very de-
cided injustice, which I think neither the gen-
tleman nor the House would desire to inflict
npon any of the parties concerned.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow
me a "single question. When I offered my
amendment, did not the gentleman object that
it could not come in because it reduced the pay
of the Army, and did notl have to get the rules
suspended in order to get it in?
Mr. GARFIELD. Such is not the fact.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is, and
the Journal will show it.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman remem-
bers very well that in order to break down the
bill of the Committee on Military Affairs and
not let it have a hearing before the House at
all he endeavored, by raising a point of order
011 the Indian Bureau section, to drive the com-
mittee out of the House and take the field him-
self; and to return his favor and courtesy I
made the point of order on his bill that it con-
tained a subject that was not authorized by the
authority of the House. It was not because I
objected to a redaction of the pay of the Army
in some respects. The pay of some of the
higher officers should be reduced, but the pay
of first and second lieutenants, for example,
under his bill is reduced to an amount on which
no officer can live respectably and support a
family. I agree to Ihe reduction of'the pay of
(he upper grades of tho Army; it ought to be
made. And 1 will join with the gentleman from
Massachusetts in helping to do it. But he pro-
poses to reduce tho pay of the lieutenants of
the Army to an amount lower than that of
many of the clerks in our civil Departments.
Now, when everybody knows that they must
dress in the uniform of the Army at their own
expense, maintain themselves and tlieir mess,
I will not consent to striking down their pay
which since the 1st, of .luly last has been re-
duced by expiration of a temporary law, and
is now too low. But I will not go into that
discussion.
I wish to say, however, that a regulation of
the pay of tho private soldiers of the Army is
a matter that the committee is ready to pro-
vide for, and that is a mutter tully as important
as this matter of regulating the pay of the offi-
cers of the Army.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Should
tho pay of the privates be reduced?
Mr. GARKi ELD. Tho present law fixing
their pay expires on tho 1st day of August
next. We are then remanded to the opera-
tion of at least a dozen laws, and it would re-
quire all the lawyers in the Army to figure out
what the pay of the private soldier will be. If
there be no legislation on the subject from the
Jst of August next the pay of tho private
soldier will bo but eleven dollars per month,
and that is too low. Tho subject, requires legis-
lation, and the committee arc willing to offer
and desire to offer all that is embraced in the
proposition of the gentleman, togeLher with a
section in regard to the pay of the private sol-
diers. But I pass from that now. Now, out
of the thirteen sections of tho gentleman's bill
about ten sections are substantially the same
as the sections of the committee's bill. But
the other three sections present matters of
grave difference. The gentleman in his speech
last night said that the great point of difference
between his bill and the bill of the committee
was that we did not reduce the Army at all
immediately, while his bill made a great and
immediate reduction.
Now, I affirm that the bill of the gentleman,
according to its terms, will not reduce the
Army, as he professes it will, for nearly nine
yeais. 1 here are now two thousand eight hun-
dred and fifty-four officers in the Army. His
bdl requires the President of the United States
to select the generals who are to be mustered
out. And by the 1st of July next that invid-
ious business must be done by him. That is
one of the ways in which the gentleman shows
his boasted friendship for the President. But
the reduction of the number, of officers below
major generals is to be made by means of a
board of officers, sixteen in number. And
that board is to take all the records of the War
Department, if need be, and go over the his-
tory and military career of every officer in the
Array. Then if two thirds of tho board vote
to retain an officer on the list he is to be set
down among those to be retained. But if
any officer should be so unfortunate as not
to get two thirds of tho whole board in his
favor, he is to be summoned before them.
No matter whether he is in Alaska or in Cali-
fornia, ten thousand or three thousand miles
away, he is to be summoned before them, his
mileage to be paid, of course, for he is travel-
ing under orders. lie is to make his defense
there against any charges or objections that
may be made against liim. calling witnesses,
examining testimony, and making up a record.
And when, at tho end of a long trial, he is able
to show that he is as good an officer as some
who received a two-thirds vote of the board,
by the help of political influence, or whatever
other influence they may get, if he is so fortu-
nate at the end of that long trial to get that
two-thirds vote, he is to be put down upon the
list, of the elect.
There aro about three hundred working days
in a year. If any man thinks this board will be
able to dispose of more than one officer a day,
on the average, he expects them to do more
than most commissions accomplish. At that
rate it will take nine and a half years to get
through the whole list of officers; and that is
the immediate and economical reduction to
which the gentleman invites us 111 the bill!
And not only that, but every man who is mus-
tered out by that board goes with the stamp of
disgrace upon him, as not being able to get a
two-thirds vote of a board of officers that lie is
lit to remain in the Army. It is not enough to
muster these men out of the service, but wo
must stamp every man of them, because they
are not quite so brilliant or do not eome quite
up to so rigorous a standard as that board may
setup. This is the tyrannical and unjust method
by which the gentleman proposes to abuse and
reduce the Army.
The gentleman says that the bill of the Mili-
tary Committee makes 110 reduction in the Army.
1 answer that we do make a rapid and trenchant
reduction. In tho first place we reduce the
lawful maximum of the Army from eighty thou-
sand to about thirty thousand men, and pro-
vide that not another officer nor enlisted man
shall come into it until it is reduced to that
limit.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I hold in my hand a
report from the Adjutant General showing that
for the period of two years, from August 1,
lStiO, to August 1, 1868, there went out of the
regular Army, not counting volunteer officers,
381 officers by death, resignation, and other
• casualties of tho service. That is at the rate
of almost 200 officers a year ; and at least four
years before the gentleman would get through
with his inquisition we should have the Army
reduced to the limit proposed in the bill.
Now, Mr. Chairman, there is another prop-
osition of the gentleman which differs decid-
edly from that of the Committee on Military
Affairs. We propose a consolidation of staff
departments and a reduction of nearly all the
staff departments by a very considerable num-
ber of officers; but we do not propose to take
a knife and cut the Army into halves and throw
away one half and let the rest live or die as it
may. The gentleman proposes to divide tb e staff
departments by two and muster out half. There
are now 20 officers in the Adjutant General's
department; there were 14 b fore the war.
The gentleman proposes to divide the present
number by two, and thus have 10 officers in
that department; four less than we had before
the war. with an Army of 10,000 men! We have
now 108 medical officers in the Army ; we had
before the war 107. The gentleman proposes
that there shall be 84. We have now 25-5 mili-
tary posts occupied by troops, many of them in
remote portions of the country where, accord-
ing to the gentleman's proposition, there will
be no surgeons, and he inserts a clause forbid-
ding the President to hire medical help from
c:,vil life.
If a man cuts an artery he must bleed to
death ; for it is not lawful for the Government
to furnish him a doctor to dress his wound.
This system will reduce the Army with a ven-
geance ; but it is a reduction by phlebotomy—■
a reduction by slashing to pieces. Now, Mr.
Chairman, if this House wishes to take the
Army and hew it into halves, throwing one
half away, this shall not be done without my
protest. I have thus pointed out very hastily
the differences between the two bills now pend-
ing. I desire to call attention to the fact that
the gentleman's substitute is an amendment
in the second degree, and cannot be amended.
We are called upon, in the vote soon to be
taken, either to adopt it orrejectit as awhole.
If it be rejected, the bill emanating from the
Committee on Military Affairs will be open to
amendment or modification. I have already
indicated such changes as the Committee 011
Military Affairs are willingto make, and which,
so far as I have consulted them, they desire
to make. But, Mr. Chairman, we must not be
told that wo are offering 110 measure of reduc-
tion, or that such a measure as that, proposed
by the gentleman from Massachusetts is a be-
neficent or a wise measure.
Now, in conclusion, I call attention again
to the fact that we are told by the Secietarj
of War and told by the General of the Army
that they have to-day no more troops than are
needed for tho actual requirements of the ser-
vice. We have this day a volunteer regiment
of cavalry that we have been compelled to call
in to meet the necessities of the Indian war,
and not a day passes but that our Army head-
quarters are besieged by applications from the
southern States for more men at various points
there.
1 have in my hand a list of every military
post in the United States, and I should be glad
to have any gentleman look over it and tell
me how many posts in any one of these de-
partments he is ready to abandon ; and if ho
cannot tell that, then I should be glad to have
him tell where he will find the ability to cut
down the Army one half in its official corps,
and about one third in all its ranks at the pres-
ent time.
Mr. MILLER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether General Grant recommends any
reduction of the Army?
Mr. GARFIELD. He dobs not, except such
as can be made by stopping recruiting and ap-
pointment. We can and ought to provide for
a prospective reduction.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. General debate is now
exhausted.
Mr. B UTLER, of Massachusetts. I suppose,
Mr. Chairman, that before the vote be taken,
it would be best to know whether the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is correct in
a statement which he has made with reference
to the position of my amendment. I therefore
rise to a parliamentary question. There are
now two amendments pending, one presented
by the chairman of the Military Committee,
and the other coming from those who antag-
onize that proposition. The gentleman has
said that this proposition which I have offered
cannot be amended. I suppose it cannot be
after it has been finally adopted; but I pre-
sume the vote comes first 011 the substitution ;
and if this proposition should be substituted,
then I suppose it can be perfected during the
five-minutes debate before it is voted in finally.
Am I right, Mr. Chairman, or not?
The CHAIRMAN. If the substitute of the
gentleman from Massachusetts should be
adopted it cannot afterward be amended in
any particular, except by addition. It stands
as the judgment of the committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Suppose
