162
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
Senate.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Saulsbury. 40th Cong....3d Sess.
ing. A knowledge of these principles can only
be acquired by long study, by observation, and
by wise reflection upon the teachings of human
experience.
I said that this Government was not a sov-
ereign power in the true sense of that term.
Why do I say so ? It is a creature. It was cre-
ated. There is something greater than it; and
who are the parties greater than it ? The States.
They made it; and they can unmake it, and not
by revolutions either. By the exercise of consti-
tutional authority and power the States can
make it, although it was intended, like the
Union formed under the Articles of Confedera-
tion, to be perpetual. The States not only made
it, but can unmake it. Can that which is^ a
mere creature be greater and sovereign over its
creator ? Can that which can be destroyed by
another power be greater than the power which
can destroy it ?
Some of my friends here smile. I do not
know whether it is with amusement, or whether
they are wondering at my boldness.
Mr. THAYER. Amusement.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Let us see whether it
may become a matter of instruction to my hon-
orable friend [Mr. Thater] rather than of
amusement. I do not presume to instruct;
but if he is amused at this doctrine, which im-
plies that he doubts it, let us notice it for a
moment. I say the States made the Constitu-
tion under which only the Government exists.
He cannot successfully controvert that posi-
tion, because it was ratified by the States. The
answer sometimes suggested is, " Oh, well,
take up the Constitution, look at the pream-
ble, and you will find it reads, 1 We the peo-
ple of the United States, do ordain and estab-
lish this Constitution for the United States
of America.' " Therefore it was the people
of the United States, the whole body of the
people, who did ordain and establish the Con-
stitution. Let me call the attention of my
honorable friend to a historic fact. When that
Constitution had been agreed upon, by the
Convention, and had been submitted to a com-
mittee on revision and style, not to alter the
substance, but simply to consider the style and
arrange its provisions under appropriate heads,
how did that preamble stand? It stood thus:
"We, the people of the States of Massachu-
setts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island Planta-
tions, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey,
Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia,
do ordain and establish this Constitution for
the United States of America." That is the
way the draft stood as it was agreed upon, and
if you will read the historic records of the
times you will find the fact to be so.
Then, when it was simply submitted to the
committee on revision and style for arrange-
ment, to shorten the phraseology, and for no
other purpose, they inserted the words We,
the people of the United States," which they
intended to bear, and which legitimately bear
no other construction than " VVe, the people
of the States of Massachusetts, Rhode Island,
Plantations, Connecticut, New York, &e.,
united, do ordain and establish this Constitu-
tion." That is the historic fact; and your
Constitution was no more ratified by all the
people of the United States than it was ratified
by the people of England or France. There
was a reason for this change of phraseology of
the preamble, as the historians of the Consti-
tution will tell you. The Constitution provided
that when ratified by nine States it should be
the Constitution of those States. The com-
mittee on revision and style found that New
York, Virginia, North Carolina, Rhode Island,
or some other State might not, as those States
did not for a time afterward, ratify that instru-
ment, aud might never do it. It would not,
therefore, be proper to put into the preamble
"We, the people of these States"—naming
them; but they put into it its equivalent, "We,
the people of the United States"—meaning
the people of the States which should unite
under that form of government. It was ratified
by the States. If it was adopted by the people
of the United States what became of New York,
Virginia, North Carolina, and Rhode Island?
It was a Constitution in force and operative
without their assent for a long while. Rhode
Island resolutely refused her assent to the
Constitution for a considerable period of time.
Was there any attempt to force her in? There
is an answer to your whole doctrine that the
ratification was by the people. If the Consti-
tution was ordained and established by the
people of the United States it was a Constitu-
tion obligatory upon the four States named
before they ratified it.
I also assert that the States can destroy the
Federal Government which you assert to be
sovereign, peaceably, effectually, and forever,
and that the Federal Government, and those
claiming to exercise authority under it, could
not rightfully resist the exercise of this power
of destruction. And how? By the most simple
means. Let but a majority of the States refuse
to be represented in Congress by Senators and
Representatives and the Federal Government
falls into ruins and its pretended sovereignty
vanishes—a sovereignty not having within itself
a sustaining principle of self-existence, but de-
pendent in its essential nature and by the very
law of its being upon the will of others, its cre-
ators, which can rightfullybecome its destroyers.
Now, Mr. President, this amendment pro-
poses to change essentially the nature and the
character of the Federal Government. In the
exercise of the authority which is delegated by
it, and under the provision that Congress may
enforce it by appropriate legislation, you can
absorb all the independence of the State govern-
ments, all control over their own State institu-
tions ; you can deprive them of every vestige of
State authority, and make them absolutely
dependent upon the will of Congress. I sub-
mit this question, Mr. President, to you and to
the Senate : if two thirds of Congress were to
propose an amendment and three fourths of the
States were to ratify it, to blot out the State of
Rhode Island, and the State of Delaware, two of
the smallest States iu the Union, could you
legitimately do so? Would it bo a legitimate
exercise of the power of amendment, to destroy
the members composing the Federal Union, to
destroy the parties to the Federal Union? I
presume that that will not be contended as
possible.
What is the difference when two thirds of the
Senate propose and three fourths of the States
ratify what they call an amendment, which de-
prives the States of Delaware and Rhode Island
of the exercise of authority within their own
limits? Your amendment declares that there
shall be 110 distinction in reference to the right
to vote or the right to hold office within the
States, not only of voting for Federal officers
and to hold offices created by the Federal Gov-
ernment, but to vote within the States for offi-
cers created by the State, including Governor,
members of the Legislature, and every possible
officer that exists under State law.
It is a perfectly legitimate mode of testing
the soundness of a principle by carrying it out
to its logical conclusions. If you have the
authority to say who shall vote in a State you
have the authority to say who shall not vote
in a State. If you have the authority to say
who shall not vote in a State, you have the
authority to say that no one shall vote in a
State. If you have authority to say who shall
hold office within a State, you have authority
to say that no one shall hold office within a
State. If you have that authority, you have
the authority to say what shall be the law of
that State ; how that law shall be enacted ; by
whom the functions of government shall be
exercised. If you can do that, you can go to
the hub of the universe, the modern Athens,
from whence comes all this modern illumin-
ation, and send some one of the wise men
from the East to my State to do all the voting
and hold all the offices. If you have this
power, you may establish a test of political
orthodoxy, and you may even make it as a test
of the right to vote and to hold office that the
voter or person to be entitled to hold office
shall swear that he does now most thoroughly
believe, and never in his life has questioned,
not only the equality of the negro with the
white man and his equal right to civil and po-
litical privileges, but that he is a little better
than the white man, and exclusively entitled
to vote and hold office. You can do anything;
you can do everything. You can appoint mem-
bers of the Legislature, if you choose to per-
mit a State to have a Legislature, to make laws
to govern me and my people. Do I know that
you would not do it ? I am afraid to trust you.
Confidence, said a British statesman, is a plant
of slow growth in aged bosoms; and it is a
plant of slow growth in the bosoms of some
men who are not very aged, especially when
they take into consideration the arbitrary
exercise of powers by your party for the last
eight years. If you can do these things under
a miscalled amendment to the Constitution,
by the same means you can abolish all the
powers of the State governments and govern
the people directly in every respect by con-
gressional legislation. You can establish a
congressional despotism upon the ruins of
free constitutional government.
Now, sir, I defy any man to show me what,
single authority any State of this Union would
possess if your proposed constitutional amend-
ment is adopted and it be recognized as a
legitimate exercise of power in two thirds of
Congress proposing and three fourths of the
States adoptingit. You went a great way when
you passed your famous civil-rights bill; but.
this is an annihilation of the State govern-
ments, depriving them of the right to do any-
thing for the government of their own people,
for the protection of life, liberty, or property.
Why, sir, in the estimation of the party in
power, this is a Government of wonderful,
almost unbounded power. In fact, it is a Fed-
eral Government, as established by the fathers,
with but few, and very few powers. Are the
people of my State or of your State, and were
they meant to be made by the Constitution,
dependent upon Federal power, Federal au-
thority, or Federal legislation for their protec-
tion in any of their rights of life, liberty, or
property ?
Mr. President, from earliest childhood I was
taught to revere the union of these States,
and to love it with all the ardor and affection
which youth could show to any object. I had
heard the old men speak of what the fathers
dared and what they did to achieve independ-
ence, and how patriotically they acted in the
formation of the Government which secured
to every man the right to sit in perfect security
under his vine and fig tree and enjoy ail the
blessings of civil liberty. I had heard them
tell how the people of the Colonies had been
oppressed by the mother country ; how deny-
ing to them a voice in the legislation of the
country they taxed them for the support of a
Government obnoxious to them. As I ad-
vanced in years I read in the history, not only
of my own country, but of foreign countries,
how the love of civil liberty had animated the
hearts and nerved the arms of the brave and
the good in all nations aud in all ages of the
world ; and how men dared to face every dan-
ger and to die upon the field of battle that they
might leave a heritage of liberty and of free-
dom to their children. As I advanced in years
I heard the noblest spirits of my own land,
gathering inspiration from the mighty theme,
tell of the noble struggles of the fathers, of
their wisdom in council and their valor in bat-
tle, that their descendants, under the protec-
