1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
40th Conq....3d Sess. Suffrage Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Saulsbury.
Senate.
tion of that noble flag which was borne on
every breeze, over every sea, and in every land,
might gather together and rejoice in the her-
itage bequeathed to them by noble sires. I
heard them tell how the poor, friendless boy,
•with none to guide and direct his steps, under
the free genius of American institutions could
rise by honest effort and well-doing to fill the
highest position under the Government. My
youthful heart bounded with joy at the thought
that this land was not only mine, but the her-
itage of countless thousands, and to be the
heritage of countless millions throughout the
infinite coming ages. My devotion to it did
not die when madness, having its origin in
fanaticism, led to tbat fatal struggle which, if
this legislation is submitted to, will have been
the cause of the loss of all the inestimable
privileges and rights of which we vainly sup-
posed that we and our posterity would be pos-
sessed forever.
To snatch from the profaning hands of those
who would bear away this covenant of our
political ark into the possession of the Philis-
tines I come here to-day to attempt to show,
although I cannot hope to convince this body,
that they have not, under the power to amend
the Constitution, the authority to propose this
amendment, because in its exercise it would
lead to the destruction of the governments
which framed tlie Constitution and the rights
of the people secured and meant to be secured
by the Constitution. Sir, after you adopt this
amendment, if you are disposed to carry it out
to its full extent under that provision which
gives you the right by appropriate legislation
to enforce it, what is there that any State
of this Union can do? You take away fhe
power of determining who shall vote and the
power of determining who shall hold office
within the States, and you leave nothing of
the State governments except their ruins.
Under the exercise of the power to carry this
amendment into execution by appropriate legis-
lation what cannot you do? You can send
your soldiery into my State to see who shall
vote; surround the polls in time of peace in
that State, as you did in time of war, by armed
soldiery, and make me walk under crossed
bayonets to deposit my ballot, to say whom I
should like to be Governor of my State, and
who to make laws for my government and the
protection of my life, liberty, and property.
Suppose that some man whose whole soul
is filled with modern loyalty imagines that one
of Afric's tribe has not been allowed to vote,
and he bases an accusation against the author-
ities of the State of Delaware that the denial
of his right to vote was on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude. By
"appropriate" legislation—-a word notdefined
in the instrument, but leaving its legitimate
and proper meaning to be determined by each
particular head in this Senate Chamber and in
the House of Representatives—you send your
soldiery there, arrest the Stateauthorities, and
subject them to punishment at the will of irre-
sponsible power. One of your loyal men says
thai the judges of election are not impar-
tial ; we must have honest judges. By appro-
priate legislation you can appoint them. An-
other says that the return to be made of the
votes cast will not be truthfully made by these
judges; you must appoint a board of canvassers
to make the return. You can do this by send-
ing your military, by the application of test-
oaths, by fine and imprisonment, or by any
instrumentality which you in your wisdom may
think "appropriate." What remnant of State
authority is there left? If you can determine
all these things, you can determine that we shall
have no election ; and knowing from your own
observation that the honorable Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Stewart] is not only good at
law-making, but most excellent at constitu-
tion-making, you may appoint him to go down
there and make laws for us and make a con-
stitution for us. Sir, our constitution was made
by our fathers, and our laws have been enacted
by men in whom we have confidence politically
and morally; and we would say to all whom
you might send there, " Procul, procvl este
profani
Mr. President, if Congress by a two-thirds
vote can propose this amendment, and if three
fourths of the States can ratify it so as to make
it binding upon the people of my State and the
other States, you can go further, and you can
blot out the existence of the States. When you
have blotted out two or more then two thirds of
the remaining members of Congress may pro-
pose to three fourths of the remainder of the
States an amendment to blot out, destroy four
or five other States, and the same process of
proposing amendments and ratifying them may
finally reduce your thirty-seven States to four
or five or two or three. You can go further.
If you can properly propose this amendment—
and it is within the competency of three fourths
of the States to ratify it—you can propose an
amendment to the Constitution to abolish the
office of President of the United States, the
judiciary of the United States, and the Con-
gress of the United States, and provide for an
emperor with absolute power. What would
the framers of the Constitution and the men
who lived in the days subsequent to our revo-
lutionary struggle and up to a very recent date
have thought of a proposition of that kind ?
What would the framers of the Constitution
have thought of it, had it been proposed in the
Convention which framed the Constitution?
They would have thought of it just as they
would of this proposition, that it was a thing
not worthy to be entertained, and it would not
have been entertained for one single moment. If
you can exercise this power in reference to the
right of voting and holding office in the States
you can exercise it in reference to any subject-
matter whatever, even to the subversion of the
form of our confederated Union or union of
States, and create an absolute despotism at will
in its stead.
Sir, if you as a lawyer, or any lawye* in this
body, in the discharge of the duties of your or
his profession, should have submitted to you
an instrument of writing, say articles of co-
partnership, in which there was a provision that
two thirds of the members might propose and
three fourths rstify alterations to the articles
of agreement, and it were stated to you that
three fourths had turned out of the copartner-
ship one of the copartners and appropriated
to their own use the property of the partner
so deprived of the benefits of the copartner-
ship, would you say that could be rightfully
and legally done? That is, in principle, just
what you are doing now.
Mr. President, what are to be the effects of
this amendment if adopted? I speak now not
in reference to the rights of the States, but of
some interests which gentlemen on this floor
and members of the Republican party are sup-
posed to have deeply at heart. I have stated
that the consideration of a constitutional amend-
ment ought to be approached with great cau-
tion and wisdom. You have a large public
debt. If I cannot appeal to your understand-
ings and your love of liberty and the rights rff
the States, I propose for a moment to appeal
to your interests. You have a large public
debt; your rich bondholders sit back and give
their money to elect Presidents and to control
elections ; you say that you are going to pay
that debt, at least my distinguished friend from
New Jersey [Mr. Frelinghbysen] said in a
speech that you could pay it in twenty-one
years; only wait, wait, wait a little longer.
By this amendment what class of people is
it that you are making voters ? Already repu-
diation has been whispered in some quarters.
Are you calling to the exercise of the elective
franchise prudent, wise, discreet men, who
are governed by a sense of honor? Are you
not putting ihe ballot into the hands of half
a million of ignorant, uneducated men, who
know nothing of honor with reference to your
obligations? Take warning, sir. If the stand-
ard of repudiation is ever raised you will find
in this very class of voters the first to rally
round it. I have no knowledge on the subject.
I judge them as I would judge other men situ-
ated in like circumstances.
What is to be the effect upon society? You
give them the right to vote and to hold office,
not only under the Federal Government, but
in the States. What will be the result? You
are either lifting them to the political platform
of your own race, or you are dragging your-
selves down to theirs. It is in vain, Mr. Presi-
dent, to speak of bestowing equal political
rights upon a class of men and then'withhold-
ing from them those social privileges which, I
suppose, will soon come to be considered social
rights, where they are equal in every respect.
I will not at length cite to you the examples
of the nations of the earth who have tried this
experiment. History has but one voice upon
that subject, and that is the degradation and
degeneration of what was the superior race,
and not the elevation of what was the inferior
race. Sir, with nations and peoples it is as
true as with individuals, that "the voice of
destiny is in the blood of descent."
History furnishes no example of a hybrid or
mixed race that has ever manifested wisdom
in council or efficiency in action. Not only
the highest, but even a respectable civilization,
is unattainable by such a race. The experi-
ment of the civil, political, and social equaliza-
tion of disiinct, of superior, and inferior races,
although not so extensively, persistently, and
thoroughly attempted as by you, has neverthe-
less to some extent been made by other people,
and invariably such attempt has resulted in the
degradation of ihe superior race to the condi-
tion of the inferior, instead of the elevation of
the inferior to the condition of the superior
race. The descendants of the proud and courtly
Spaniard in Mexico can boast, if such can be a
cause of self gratulation, that he can embrace
those of essentially inferior races with whom
he mingles as friends and brothers while ex-
hibiting to the world in his own person and
character an example of frightful and loath-
some degeneracy arising from the practical
operation of a theory repugnant to the instincts
of nature, violative of its law, and of the inex-
orablerule and immutable economy ofHeaven.
'' Equality before the law'' hasresulted in equal-
ity in disregard of law, producing its legitimate
fruits of equality in crime, in ignorance, and
barbarism. The changes in government and
rulers in the miscalled republic of Mexico dur-
ing the forty years of its existence are equal
to those years of continual strife and anarchy,
and no intelligent mind can assign other cause
of that strife and anarchy than the attempted
equalization " before the law" of essentially
unequal races. Inhabiting an extensive and
one of the finest portions of the world, rich in
all the elements and resources of mineral and
productive wealth, the people of Mexico have
shown themselves incapable of self-govern-
ment—objects of such solicitude to the more
civilized nations of the world as may lead to
the establishment over them of an uninvited
protectorate in the interest not only of civili-
zation but humanity.
After the abolition of slavery in some or most
of the West India islands, the Governments of
Central America, for the purpose of increas-
ing their population and thereby developing
the resources of their country, invited the then
recently emancipated slaves to immigrate to
Central America, promising "equality before
the law," the right to "vote and hold office,
without distinction of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude." The invitation was
accepted. The emancipated slaves flocked to
the land whose fundamental law was equality—
political, civil, and social. The Central Ameri-
can Governments faithfully redeemed their
promise, and an opportunity was afforded the
