THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
Is the southern loyalist to be indemnified for
the terrors of this war, while the^expenditure,
the blood, and the tears of the North are
unrequited? Let us be content to suffer the
consequences of the conflict to fall where they
have been directed to fall. We cannot adjust
them.
Let me refer to one or two positions of the
Senator from Wisconsin. He still seeks to use
the fact-that the Government paid loyalists for
their cotton seized as a precedent for this case.
It is no precedent. There is a distinction so
broad that all can see it between the duties
which are incident to trusteeship the Govern-
ment assumed in reference to this cotton and
the liability of wrong-doers. We, as trustees,
paid out the net proceeds of what we received,
and that fact cannot be used as a precedent
to, hold the Government liable for such a use
of property as is here in question in enemy
territory. And as to the strictures upon my
using the familiar maxim, '•silent leges inter
armalet me say I invoked it only to show
that the clause of the Constitution which says
that private property shall not be taken for
public use without just compensation, was en-
tirely silent in enemy territory during the war.
And in that position I know the Senator agrees
with me.
As to the position that our Army had such
an occupation of Decatur as to make it one of
the exceptional cases mentioned in the Presi-
dent's proclamation of 16th of August, 1862,
and therefore not enemy territory — let me
call the attention of the Senator to the fact
that on the 31st March, 18G0, so much of the
prior proclamation as excepted from the effects
of the war localities occupied from time to
time by the forces of the United States was
revoked, on the ground that the exception was
found to create embarrassment. The excep-
tions being thus revoked, the inhabitants of the
several States were declared in a state of insur-
rection, and all commercial intercourse be-
tween them and the rest cf the United States
declared unlawful until the insurrection should
cease or be suppressed, and notice thereof
given by proclamation. This proclamation of
1803 is fouud in 13 Statutes-at-Large.
But,aside from all this, it cannot be insisted
that as soon as our forces advanced into a ter-
ritory, so that it became possible for them to
seize and use its property to erect a fortifica-
tion, that eo instanti it became friendly terri-
tory and not subject to the rules of war. If that
positiou be true, we could never seize enemy
property, as our very approach converted it into
friendly property. The fact that our forces
continued subsequently to hold the place does
not affect the character of the taking, for events
are to be judged of at the time and m the rela-
tions in which they occur.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. Preside  t, I rise
to renew the motion of the honorable Senator
from Arkansas, to_ recommit this bill to the
Committee on Claims, with instructions that
they examine two points: first., was the claim-
ant, Miss Sue Murphey, loyal before the occu-
pation of Decatur by the United States forces ;
second, was she the owner in fee simple of the
property before that time, and if so, for how
long. I move to recommit the bill with these
xns'ructions to the committee.
Mr. WILSON. 1 hope we shall send this
bill back to the committee to investigate the
case in every respect. I do not believe there
is any merit in the claim; but that has been
lost sight of in the general discussion. 1 have
information which satisfies me that this woman
was a disloyal woman. I have not a doubt,
nor a shadow of doubt, on that point. I
hope, however, that the bill will be recom-
mitted, and that with it the amendment I pro-
posed will go to the committee, and I hope the
committee will take up the subject and settle
it on some general principle. I hope the com-
mittee will not only investigate this particular
case thoroughly in all respects, so that the
facts may be established, but will at the same
time consider the question of proposing some
general plau, such as is suggested iu my amend-
ment, to settle other cases. I do not believe it
is going to take th© tens of millions of dollars
which are spoken of to settle these claims. I
know that that is not the opinion of the quar-
termaster's and com.missary departments. The
cases where property was taken under orders
of this kind and damaged are very few indeed.
I think the whole matter should be settled, and
settled within a few months, and settled for-
ever, and kept out of our deliberations here-
after. We should adopt some plan of that
kind ; and I think we ought to have done it
two years ago.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I have
doubts whether these instructions ought to be
given to the committee. I suppose the hon-
orable Senator from South Carolina does not
desire to establish any rule for the examination
of claims by the committees of this body, and
another and. a different rule for the examina-
tion of claims before the judicial tribunals of
the country. Congress at the last session
established a rule which I suppose ought to be
applied in such cases as these, if indeed these
are to be examined with a view to their pay-
ment. I read from the statutes of the second
session of the Fortieth Congress, forty-fifth
page. The third section of the act provides:
" That whenever it shall be material in any suitor
claim before any court to ascertain whether any per-
son did or did not give any aid or comfort to the late
rebellion, the claimant or party asserting the loyalty
of any such person to the United States during such
rebellion shall be required to prove affirmatively that
such person did during said rebellion consistently
adhere to the United States, and did give no aid or
comfort to persons engaged in said rebellion; and
the voluntary residence of any such person in any
place where at any time during such residence the
rebel force or organization held sway shall be prima
facie evidence that such person did give aid and eom-
fort to said rebellion and to the persons engaged
tliorein."
This rule is applied in the examination of
cases before the Court of Claims ; it is a rule
already established by solemn act of both
branches of Congress ; and I think that rule
is quite sufficient in its application to other
claims notincluded in existing laws. The in-
struction proposed by the honorable Senator
seems to contemplate that if the petitioner in
this case was loyal before the acquisition of the
territory on which this house was situated, that
would be sufficient. The rule contained in the
law is that it must be shown that she was loyal
during the rebellion ; and it must be shown
also, as it seems to me according to this rule,
that she did not voluntaiily live within the
rebel lines during the war. If this is the rule
to be applied to all other claims, why shall it
not be applied to this? It is the law of the
land now ; and if this bill with the amendment
shall be recommitted to the Committee on
Claims generally, I suppose they will examine
itwith reference to the rule now existing. And
this suggests a reason why it should be recom-
mitted, for when this case was examined here-
tofore by the committee this law had not been
enacted ; it is a rule established since the
report of the committee was made ; it is now
the law of the land, and this case ought to be
tried by the law as it exists, or if the rule is to
be relaxed in any way it ought to be relaxed
generally, so as to apply to claimants who
appear before the Court of Claims.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President 
Mr. ANTHONY. If my friend from South
Carolina will permit me, I wish to suggest to
him that a mere recommitment will effect all
the purpose which he has in view, and I think
it will be more in accordance with our custom,
which is not to instruct committees except to
inquire into the expediency of matters.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I was rising to with-
draw the instructions which I had moved, so
that my motion is simply for a recommitment
generally. As I have the honor to be on the
committee, I will make it a point to inquire into
the matters which I suggested in the instruc-
tions.
The PRESIDENT po-oterrpore. The motion
is simply to recommit the bill to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. Before this debate is closed
I ought, in justice to a gentleman who is not
a member *of this body, to -whom I have re-
ferred in the course of the discussion, and whose
name has been somewhat opprobriously men-
tioned by Senators on the other side of the
Chamber, to make an additional staternentwith
reference to him.
I have seen that gentleman since. I had
the honor of seeing him at my own house last
evening, and conversing with him more than
an hour ; and I feel that it is my duty after this
long conversation to bear my testimony to the
impression that he made upon me. He had
resided in this very place or in this neighbor-
hood as an editor of a paper, going down there
from Ohio filled with loyalty and with senti-
ments of liberty. He, while there, was shocked
by the conduct of this very family now so much
in question. I believe his testimony. I could
not listen to his conversation and witness his
refinement of manner and the sensibility which
he displayed not only on this subject but on
all others to which we referred, -without giving
him my confidence; and I deem it my duty now
to make this statement, especially as Senators
on the other side, pressed by the letter which
I introduced the other day, undertook to brand
him so unjustifiably.
He has placed in my hands a further letter
in the nature of testimony dated at Decatur,
December 23, which I have shown to both
the Senators from Alabama, and I have also
shown it to the Senator from Rhode Island,
whose name is mentioned in it. It is signed
"Mary E. Austin." I mention the name so
that the Senators overthe way may make their
criticism if they see fit. I believe there is no
question about her loyalty. She writes as fol-
lows ; I do not read the whole letter:
" I wish Mr. Anthony would visit Decatur. The
Union people and rebels could tell him about her [the
claimant's] pretended loyalty during the war. They
could tell nim of her devotion to the southern con-
federacy; how she urged every young man into the
rebel army whom she had any influence over. Rebel-s
here laugh enough about her going .to Washington
and playing off on the Senators."
I have received other letters also relating to
this claimant. I make no further allusion to
them, however.
There is another point on which I forebore
to dwell with sufficient particularity when I
spoke before. It is this. Assuming that this
claimant is loyal, I honor her that she kept
her loyalty under the surrounding pressure of
rebellion. Of course, this was her duty ; nor
more nor less. The practical question is,
shall she be paid for it ? Had she been dis-
loyal, there would have been no proposition
of compensation. As the liability of the na-
tion is urged on the single ground that she
kept her regard for the flag truly and sincerely,
it is evident that this loyalty must be put
beyond question ; it must be established like
any other essential link of evidence. I think
thatl do not err in supposing that it is not
established in the present case, at least with
such certainty as to justify opening the doors
of the Treasury.
But assuming that, in fact, the loyalty is es-
tablished, I desire to go further, and say that
not only is the present claim without any sup-
port in law, but it is unreasonable. The rebel
States had become one immense prison-house
of loyalty; Alabama was a prison-house. The
nation, at every cost of treasure and blood,
broke into that prison-house, and succeeded in
rescuing the loyalists: but the terrible effort,
which cost the nation so dearly, involved the
loyalists in losses also. In breaking into the
prison-house and dislodging the rebel keepers,
property of loyalists suffered. And now wo
are asked to pay for this property damaged in
our efforts for their redemption. Our troops
came down to break the prison-doors and set
the captive free. Is it not unreasonable to
expect us to pay for this breaking?
If the forces of the United States had failed
then would these loyalists have lost everything,
country, property, and ail : that in, if leaily
loyal according to present professions. It was
our national forces that saved tham from this
