1869.
■THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
sacrifice, securing to them country, and, if not
all of their property, much of it A part of
the property of the present claimant was taken
in order to save all else, including country
itself. Itwas a case, such as mightoccur under
other circumstances, where a part is sacrificed
in order to save the rest. It was in some re-
spects a case of jettison where a part of the
cargo was thrown overboard in order to save
the rest of the cargo, and the ship itself. Ac-
cording to all analogies of jurisprudence, and
the principles of justice itself, the claimant
can look for nothing beyond such contribute
as Congress in its bounty may appropriate. It
is a case of bounty, and not of law.
It is a mistake to suppose, as has been most
earnestly argued, that a claimant of approved
loyalty in the rebel States should have com-
pensation precisely like a similar claimant in
a loyal State. To my mind this assumption
is founded on a misapprehension of the Con-
stitution, the law, and the reason of the case—
three different misapprehensions. By the Con-
stitution property cannot be taken for public
use without "just compensation;" but this
rule was silent in the rebel States. Interna-
tional law stepped in and supplied a different
rule. And, when we consider how much was
saved to the loyal citizen in a rebel State, by
the national arms, it will be found that this rule
is only according to justice.
But 1 have no disposition to shut the door
upon claimants. Let them be heard ; but the
hearing must be according to some system, so
that Congress shall know the character and
extent of these claims. Before the motion
of my colleague I had already prepared in-
structions for the committee, which I will read
as expressing my own conclusion on this mat-
ter :
That the committee to whom this hill shall be re-
ferred, the Committee on Claims, bo instructed to
consider the expediency uf providing for the appoint-
ment of a commission whose duty it shall be to
inquire into the claims of the loyal citizens of the
national Government aris-ing during the recent re-
bellion anywhere in the United States, classifying
these claims, specifying their respective amounts
and the circumstances out of which they originated;
also, the evidence of loyalty adduced by the claim-
ants respectively, to the end that Congress may
know precisely the extent and character of these
claims before legislating thereupon.
As this is a resolution of instruction simply
to consider the expediency of what is proposed,
I presume there can be no objection to it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Before the honorable
Senator takes his seat I should like to ask
him a question, as he seems to have examined
this Butish precedent. Is it not the fact that
the persons for whom provision was made were
persous who were compelled, in consequence
of the success of our Revolution, to leave the
United States and abandon everything and
go and live within the British empire, so that
they were completely separated from the in-
habitants of the United States?
Mr. SUMNER. There were three different
classes. The first was the class which the
Senator has described; the second was a dif-
ferent class of persons residing in England
whose property in the colonies had been con-
fiscated ; and the third class was placeholders,
officeholders who had lost their appointments,
which were usually for life. These three dif-
ferent classes in the report o,f the commission
were put on different footings, and they were
described under these different heads by Mr.
Pitt on making the motion that he did.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is quite different from
the condition of our southern loyalists.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course it is very different.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts move the paper
he has sent up as an amendment to the motion
to recommit? .
Mr. SUMNER. I move it as an amendment
to the motion to recommit to recommit with
instructions. . .
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, of course
this bill will be recommitted. Sue Murphey
has long since dropped out of this debate, ana
this case would have excited but little interest
had it not been for the assertion of a doctrine-
which in effect cuts off the claim of everj loyal
man in the South, no matter how true his
loyalty or how great his sufferings or sacriiices
for the Union. Hence this is not simply the
case of Miss Sue Murphey; and a personal
character cannot be given to this argument just
in the conclusion of it.
Again, Mr. President, we have the illustra-
tion made by the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Stoker] that a part of the cargo may b.e
thrown overboard to save the ship ^nd the-
residue of the cargo. The comparison is in
point; but, as I understand the law, the ship
and the rest of the cargo must contribute tQ
pay for that which is lost, and the owner.whose
goods arc thrown overboard shall not sustain
the whole loss.
Again, sir, we are told by the distinguished
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Fremvghuy-
sen] thatif myhouseis on fire and the firemen
come and extinguish the flames and damage my
furniture I am not to sue them for damages.
Did that distinguished Senator suppose that was
a case in point? Did we send our armies to
the South simply to save the houses of the
loyalists. No, sir; it was the Union that was
the fire, it was the Government that was about
to be consumed, in which I and you and all of
us were interested as much as the loyalist of
the South was interested. The Senator's com-
parison fails.
Mr. President, if we cannot recognize the
claim of any loyal man in the South because
by so doing we shall recognize the claims of
rebels to a large amount let us put the case
upon that ground. Let us tell our southern
friends honestly that we caunot recognize any
of their claims, because if we do so we shall
have a vast mass of rebel claims that will sink
the Government in insolvency. If we put it
upon that ground they will be satisfied. Or
if we cannot pay the claims of genuine loyal-
ists in the South without making the Govern-
ment bankrupt let us lay the case honestly
before them and tell them that we cannot pay
them for that reason, and they will be satis-
fied. But do not let usput it upon the ground,
which is as unfair to them as it is dishonorable
to us, that we cannot pay them because they
are constructive traitors.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. Will my friend
be good enough to let us know whether, ac-
cording to his view, the ship and cargo have
not yet contributed to the jettison ?
Mr. MORTON. I can answer the question.
The Senator wants to know if the ship and
cargo have not yet contributed. Ay, they have,
and they will be called upon to contribute more.
They have contributed to pay the loss of that
man who lived in the North whose goods were
thrown overboard; and all we ask is that the
loyalist living in the South whose goods were
thrown overboard shall he paid in the same
way and npon the same principles.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I wish to
make one single remark, and I trust the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana will excuse me
for so doing. He insists that we are call-
ing our southern loyalists constructive traitors.
That is entirely a mistake. We do not call
them constructive traitors. We impute no
treason to them at all; nor has any such inti-
mation, to my knowledge, fallen from any gen-
tleman who has participated in the debate on
this side of the question. We call them tech-
nically, as has been very properly remarked
by the honoratle Senator from New Jersey,
constructive enemies. That becomcs inevi-
table, unless we abandon the ground taken by
Congress in 1861, by which the rebel territory
was substantially and in law declared to be
enemy's territory. Itis simplya technical des-
ignation of the people residing upon the par-
ticular territory.
Now, let me say to the honorable benator
from Indiana that there is a very broad dis-
tinction between a traitor apd an enemy. A
traitor is one who has committed treason under
the Constitutiou of the .United States by waging
waragainst-the United States, or by adhering
to their enemies. He may also be an enemy-,'
and so the hooks declare. He may be puu-
ished as a traitor when he is apprehended,  ad
during the war he may also, be treated as an
enemy or as a belligerent. Slothing is plainer;
there is no distinction mpre transparent in the
books than this to which I have alluded. •
Mr. CONKLINQ. Mr. President, I want
to ask the attention of the Senate for only one
moment to the illustration,this case now affords
of the hazard, and, as it seems to me, the futil-
ity of entertaining upon any view of the law
suqh claims as this, one by one, as is proposed,
before the committees of Congress. The hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin, anticipating
what I am now going to suggest, admonished
us of the importance of hot-foot in this busi-
ness, if I may say so, of allowing the testimony
to be taken at once before it should be eatea
by the tomb or covered by the dust of f.ime 
Now look at the case. This woman came h?rg
while the rebellion was still raging in fact; iji
1865 her case was here and her proof w^sj
proffered; it was before a committee of the.
House of Representatives more than once and
was the subject of reports there. It was here,
actually passed this body, coming to the Senate
from a committee.
Now, itis presented again by a committer
of the same designation, but composed of dif-
ferent Senators ; and after a debate which has
wearied the Senate by the mere accident of
the procrastination and weariness of that de-
bate, it drops out that this claimant, in place
of being that heroic woman—1 borrow a phrase
from my eloquent friend from Kentucky—and
that conspicuous example of non-couibatant
loyalty which we thought she was, is upon _th«
balance of evidence as it stands, not only prima
facie within the statute to which the Senator
from Iowa calls attention, but conclusively
and in poiut of fact one of the last women in
the South to receive anything either in law or
generosity from thisGovernment. That is the
case of a person diligent as a suitor who pre-
sented her claim and challenged scrutiny while
all the men were yet upon the stage the eye-
witnesses of her loyalty or her treason.
Now, sir, without amplifying it, I beg of
Senators to consider what, even at this dis-
tance of time, is to be the fate of claims here-
after presented, no matter how diligent we
may be; and if that view of the law is to pre-
vail which has been presented so ably by the
Senatorfrom Wisconsin, which makeseuemy's
country in this territorial war, as I understand
it, a peripatetic institution, a thing ever fluc-
tuating as the tides fluctuate, always ebbing
and flowing, and not only so, but existing in
spots which themselves were shifting likesnow-
drifts or the sands of the desert—if the view
of the law is to prevail that where the Army
bivouacked it was no longer enemy territory,
and as it struck its tents in the morning and
marched enemy's territory receded step by
step before our advancing columns _; if that is
true for the sake of fancy or of fact, then I
beg that we may have some general provision
which shall sift these claims, which shall per-
petuate the testimony upon which they are to
be indorsed as loyal or branded as traitor-
ous, which proceeding will involve, of course,
someprovision by which counsel, agent, or rep-
resentative is to appear for the United States
to cross-examine witnesses, aud armed with
some process to compel their attendance on
the other side. If this can be done it will be
something more than chance medley ; other-
wise it will be a lottery in which anybody may
draw a prize, an auction in which the pushing
and the brazen are most likely successfully to
bid.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has read a letter,
which with his usual courtesy he showed to
me before he laid it before the Seuate,_iu*which
my name is used. Ail 1 h.iveto say is that if
I have been imposed upon in this matter the
officers of the Army who were, at Decatur were
