166
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 6,
Senate.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Bayard,
40th Cong....3d Sess.
nence of free government. The severance of
these general powers of government into legis-
lative. executive, and judicial, intrusted to
different bodies, is but'' alimitation of power,"
and except for the purpose of this limitation
all the powers of government might as well be
confided to one and the same body.
This limitation of power has existed in Eng-
land since the revolution of 1688, and been
rigidly adhered to, notwithstanding the om-
nipotence of her Parliament. It has been
embodied in the constitution of every State of
this Union, not perhaps as distinctly in some
as in that of Massachusetts; and it is, with
some modifications, embodied also in the Fed-
eral Constitution.
But, Mr. President, this is but one limita-
tion, and in this confederated Government of
ours, as established by our ancestors, there is
a still more important limitation of power.
It is limited by its decentralization. Decen-
tralization is the leading political principle of
the common law; and whatever may be the
defects of the common law otherwise, it has
been the mother of freedom all over the world.
In this Federal Government of ours it cannot
be doubted thatall laws within the scope of its
authority are paramount; but the Constitution
which created it makes it a Government of
specially delegated powers, and reserves all
residuary powers beyond those which are enu
merated, and such as are necessary and proper
to carry into execution the enumerated powers,
to the States and the people of the States.
Among those residuary powers which are
thus reserved to the States, beyond all ques-
tion the control over the franchise and trust of
suffrage lias from the origin of the Government
been exercised by them exclusively until now.
The Federal Government in the past has neither
attempted to usurp the power as within the
limits of the Constitution, nor has it been
yielded by the States or their people. Its reten-
sion by the States is more important as a limit-
ation of power than even the division of powers
among three coordinate departments of the
Go vernrnent. Whenever under any pretext,
whether by the name of universal suffrage, im-
partial suffrage, or uniform suffrage, the con-
trol over this franchise is yielded by the people
to the Federal Government I shall lose all
faith in the preservation of the liberties of the
country, for civil liberty cannot be maintained
under a centralized elective despotism.
The Government will become consolidated
and the limitation upon its power by the peo-
ple of the States will exist but nominally. The
sole security for the decentralization of power
rests in the control of suffrage by the people
of the respective States, and it has always been
hitherto maintained from the origin of the Gov-
ernment.
Now, the proposition is made by some to
take away this power altogether, by others to
restrict the States in their control oversuffrage
for a particular purpose. Sir, let this amend-
ment be adopted in any of its forms and the
States will have no more real power in this
Governmentthan the piepoudre courtsin Eng-
land. They will stand but as "the shade of a
name." When this barrier against consolida-
tion is^ broken down or overleaped, construc-
tion will concentrate all power in the Federal
Government and leave the States standing to
it solely in the relation of counties. Such was
not the intention of those who organized the
Federal Constitution. Such is not. in my judg-
ment, the true mode in which the liberties of
this country can be preserved. One illustra-
tion of the usurpation of power by construction,
if the control over the elective franchise is sur-
rendered by the people to the Federal Govern-
ment, will suffice, though there are many more
which might be stated did I not fear to over-
task my own strength and tax the patience of
the Senate. It shows how readily construction
may usurp the powers reserved to the States,
and take from them all control over even the
soil within their respective boundaries against
their consent.
The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman J has already proposed, though the
Senate has not yet sanctioned it, to wrench from
the States the power of eminent domain and
vest in the Federal Government the authority
to construct railroads and canals and artificial
works all through the States without their con-
sent. Other instances might be given ; butthe
past history of the world and the commonest
knowledge of man's nature should teach us
that whatever their form, in all governments,
the tendency of power is toward its own in-
crease, until ultimately it ends in despotism.
If this amendment shall be adopted the hon-
orable Senator will succeed, and one power
after another will be usurped by the Federal
Government until all are absorbed when it
attains control over the right of suffrage, which
alone constitutes a real limitation upon Fed-
eral power. We shall become a single con-
solidated republic, which is but another name
for an elective despotism. If I am right in my
view, of the correctness of which I have the
most profound conviction, that only by the
decentralization of power can civil liberty and
agovernmentof lawsbe permanently preserved,
then you are taking a long stride toward the
destruction of the liberties of this country when
you take from the States the coutrol of the
elective franchise.
I have already stated that I am no* an
extreme advocate of State rights, and would
freely concede to the Federal Government all
the powers requisite for the purposes for which
it was organized. But I believe that the States
have reserved rights, and are necessary parts
of our composite system of government. If
you look through the debates in the different
State conventions, or even the short notes of
the debates in the Federal Convention, you
will find that the idea throughout, both on the
part of those who opposed and those who sus-
tained the Constitution, was that the States
were, in the language of a delegate from
Connecticut, "the pillars upon which the sys-
tem rests." I propose to read a short extract
from the argument made in the Pennsylvania
convention by one of the most practical and
able members of the Federal Convention which
framed our Constitution, Judge Wilson. His
speech was an elaborate one, carefully pre-
pared ; because, having been a member of the
Federal Convention and having been one of
those most active in forming the Constitution,
he necessarily had to develop in the conven-
tion of his own State the grounds and reasons
upon which that Constitution had been framed
and the necessity for its ratification by his own
State. At page 427 of the second volume of
Eliot's Debates I find in that speech this
language used by him:
"The UnitedStates may adopt anyone of four dif-
ferent systems. They may become consolidated into
one government, in which the separate existence of
the States shall be entirely absolved. They may
reject any plan of union or association, and act as
separate and unconnected States. They may form
two or more confederacies. They may unite in one
federal republic. Which of these systems ought
to have been formed by the Convention? To sup-
port with, vtgora single government over the whole
extent of the United States would demand a system of
the most unqualified and the most unremitted d •spotism.
Such a number of separate States,contiguous in sit-
uation. unconnected and disunited in government,
would be at one time the prey of foreign force for-
eign influence. and foreign intrigue; at another, the
victimsof mutual rage, rancor, and revenge. Neither
of these systems found advocates in the late Conven-
tion."
Sir, in that language is embodied my views
of the^ Federal Constitution. If it is to be
consolidated into a single government over the
whole Union, usurping all powers, then I hold,
w j" Wilson, that it would become an un-
qualified and unremitted despotism. I am as
sincerely opposed to severance as any man, but
I am also opposed to the consolidation of all
powers in a single government, and believe
that the amendment now proposed to the Con-
stitution, if adopted, removes the last barrier
which secures to the States a single right as
against the Federal Government.
Nor must it be forgotten that the extent of
our country has been doubled since the Gov-
ernment was organized under the Constitution
and this exposition of its structure made by
Judge Wilson. A despotism may be estab-
lished, but it could not long be maintained
over a country with such an area as ours, in-
habited by so intelligent a people as those by
which itis now occupied. I am perfectly aware
that whatever may be their benefits in a com-
mercial sense, the telegraph and the railroad
have extended the area through which a des-
potic government is practicable, but not suffi-
ciently to maintain one over a country so ex-
tensive as ours, inhabited by snch a population.
But a despotism once permitted can only be
overthrown by revolution and civil wars, and
the demoralization of the people would be the
necessary result, ending in sectional divisions
and subsequent wars, until from exhaustion we
settled down into many nationalities. To avoid
so deplorable a result I would adhere to the
limitation of powers embodied in the Consti-
tution, and restrict the Federal Government,
existing as it does over separate distinct com-
munities which are semi-sovereignties, to the
exercise of those delegated powers which are
necessary and proper to effect the objects for
which it was organized. Among those objects
neither uniformity nor universality of suffrage
was contemplated, but the franchise and trust
was left to the people of the States, who better
understand their own condition and the char-
acter of their respective populations than the
people and representatives of other States pos-
sibly can.
For these general reasons, Mr. President,
which I will not pause further to elaborate, I
am opposed to the adoption of the proposed
amendment in all its forms, apart from the par-
ticular object which is intended to be effected
by its adoption. Before I procced with my
objections to that particular object, let me call
the attention of the Senate to a point which has
been presented by several other Senators, and
been much'discussed—I mean to the question
of good faith to the people involved in the
attempt to adopt this amendment at the present
session of Congress, with a view of submitting
it to the existing State Legislatures for ratifi-
cation, without any question having been made
as to its propriety before the people of the
respective States when the members of those
Legislatures were elected.
In the resolutions of what is generally known
as the Chicago platform there is contained a
declaration of principles by the party there
represented, not only in support of its candi-
date for the Presidency of the United States,
but also as presenting the questions which that
party advocated in its struggle for the purpose
of retaining its majority in Congress. I will
read, although it has been read before, the
second resolution:
" The guarantee by Congress of equal suffrage to the
loya.l men of the South was demanded byevery con-
sideration of publ ic safety, of gratitude, and of j ustice,
and must be maintained."
I do not propose to controvert that portion
of the resolution now, however objectionable I
may deem it in many respects. The resolution
then continues thus:
" While the question of suffrage in all the loyal
States properly belongs to the people of tV ose States."
Sir, I suppose that when the Representatives
of the dominant party made this specific declar-
ation of their principles to the people of the
United States and to the people of the respect-
ive States they intended the words to be un-
derstood in their natural import; and how 13
it possibly consistent with good faith to the
people when they have enunciated in their
declaration of principles that the question of
suffrage properly belongs in the loyat States,
to the people of those States, for the same party
