1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1843
will the Senator from Vermont say that the
Senate is to constitute itself into a committee
of investigation to find out whether there were
State governments or not in those States 1 No,
sir. I might as well say that a Senator elected
from the State of Vermont or the State of Illi-
nois was not entitled to take his seat because
Illinois had not a republican form of govern-
ment and was not entitled to representation.
That is a question which we cannot investigate,
and which it is not right for us to investigate.
These States in contemplation of law, to say
the least, were in the Union. They never have
been out of the Union, never can go out of
the Union in the contemplation of law, and
especially according to the doctrine of the
Republican party. That is a question which
we are not to investigate, but must decide ac-
cording to the law that these Senators and Rep-
resentatives are to have their pay from the
beginning of the term, in the language of the
law, for which they were elected.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, it is an
unpleasant task in theSenate to object to com-
pensation being allowed to fellow-Senators as
is proposed; but I have been unable to find
any precedent in favor of this proposition.
There is none in the whole history of Congress
that is anywhere near the point. The Tennes-
see ease is the nearest to a precedent for this,
but I wish to call the attention of the Senate
to the distinction between the Tennessee case
and this. Tennessee had a State organization
and elected Senators and they came here, and
we subsequently recognized that organization
and paid them for the time they were kept out
as well as after they were admitted. They came
here with credentials from a State organization
which we subsequently recognized. They were
not paid before they were elected ; they were
not paid when there was no State organization
in existence. We did that on the principle that
where a State was in the Union there were pre-
cedents in favor of allowing somebody to
receive the regular pay that belonged to Sena-
tors and Representatives of the State.
But in what condition are these other States?
We declared that they had no State organiza-
tions. We never declared that in regard to
Tennessee. We said that they had no legal
State governments, and they remained for a
long time in that condition without any legal
State governments whatever; there was no
term to be filled, because to have terms for
Senators to fill you must have a State organ-
ization. The question whether the people were
outofthe Union is not here involved. You
must have a State organization before it can
be represented, and it seems to me that there
must be a State entitled to be represented be-
fore you pay any money for representation.
Until last June or July these States had no
legal State organizations in existence. The
State organizations came into existence at that
period, and the Senators now sitting were
all elected about the same time. We have
paid them for all the time they have been
Senators since their election. We have paid
them for all the time there has been a State
organization in existence. Is not that all we
are justified in doing? What is asked for in
this case? Suppose Colorado should be ad-
mitted next year, should we have to go back
to the commencement of her struggle to get a
State organization ? Why not do so in the case
of all the Territories ? This is going beyond
what Congress has ever done. Congress has
neverpaid Senators or Representatives a salary
for representing State organizations that were
not in existence at the time. I am not speak-
ing of the existence of the Territory or the
existence of the people, but of the existence
(4* State organizations. In all the precedents
where payment has been allowed you will find
that there was a State organization to be rep-
resented or there was no payment to Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This subject,
as the Senator from Nevada has stated, is on§
of some delicacy. So far as I am concerned,
I have none other than the kindest feelings
toward all the Senators from these southern
States recently admitted ; but when the Sen-
ator from Illinois says that on the vote upon
this question he will demand that each one of
these Senators shall vote, I take it every Sen-
ator will take care of his own honor, and not
leave it to the guardianship of the Senator from
Illinois or any one else.
The precedents that have heen presented
here I undertake to say do not justify any
appropriation such as is here asked for, any
more than in the case of a State recently ad-
mitted as a new State we should be justified in
going back and allowing Senators pay prior to
the admission of the State. All the precedents
we have on this subject are in eases of death
or resignation of a Senator. We have, it is true,
in such cases allowed the salary to go on un-
broken, and what is not drawn by the deceased
Senator or the resigning Senator has been
taken by the Senator coming in his place.
Now, Mr. President, forone Iprotest against
this idea of measuring the value of a Senator's
services in money. That is not the sole par-
pose for which we are here. Whenever we
shall reach that point of time the degradation
of the Senate will commence. If we are to
compensate Senators solely in a pecuniary
point of view, and there is left no compensa-
tion in the honor of being a Senator, from that
mo ment this body will sink in public estimation.
In my judgment we have no authority to pass
this resolution and draw this amount by a reso-
lution of the Senate. If it is passed at all it ough t
-to be a joint resolution. I have suggested an
amendment which I should not have suggested
at the time had I recollected the previous ac-
tion of the Senate on this subject, which has
been that the Senators should receive pay from
the time of the admission of the States, and
they have, as I now learn, been paid from that
date. If that is so, it is all that we in justice
can vote, and all that they in justice can
receive.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I do not in-
tend to protract this discussion, because I want
a vote; but there is a case which I wish to
state and call the attention of the honorable
Senator from Nevada to it; and that is as to
the practice of the Government in cases, where
there is no State in existence and a Territory
is organized. It has been the uniform prac-
tice of the Government where Territories have
been organized after the term of a Congress
has commenced, and a Delegate is elected and
takes his seat at, an advanced period of the
session, to pay him from the beginning of the
Congress. The House of Representatives has
uniformly and invariably given pay to the Del-
I egate from such a Territory from the beginning
| of the term under the law ?
i Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator from
| Illinois state a case where Congress has paid
i for the representation of a Territory not organ-
ized, not in existence, and not entitled to be
represented ?
Mr. YATES. I saw it stated in the debates
of the other House by Mr. Stevens, of Penn-
sylvania, that such had been the invariable
practice. I have not had time to examine the
cases ; but I appeal to the sense of justice of
the Senator from Vermont and of every Sen-
ator on this floor to the letter of this law, which
says a member-elect to the Senate of the Uni-
ted States or to the House of Representatives
shall receive his pay from the beginning of the
term to which he was elected 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where is that law ?
Mr. YATES. Here is a copy of it. _ I say
that is the law, and I say it is a bad time to
change the law. Certainly we should not ex-
clude from the benefits of the law loyal Sen-
ators and Representatives from these impov-
erished States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend from Illi-
nois permit me to remind him that the law he
has referred to, such as it is, is the act of 1857,
and that the act of 1866 changed that entirely,
and provided thatSenators and Representatives
should Have. $5,000 a year, with a deduction
for the days thai, they are not present.
Mr. YATES. No, sir; that law is not ap-
plicable to this case. That is only a question
as to the amount of compensation. That does
not change the question as to the time from
which pay shall commence.
Mr. President, I maintain that it would be
in the face of the law and an act of gross in-
justice, and contrary to all the precedents of
the Government, to deprive these Senators and
Representatives of their compensation under
this law. I took this position at the start oti
this question, and I am glad, when I come to
examine it, to find that I am sustained by the
law ; and no Senator can, in view of the law
and the precedents of Congress, in this case
vote against compensation to these loyal Sen-
ators and Representatives. If we wish to
violate this law, if we wish to violate the
precedents, let,us not apply it to these loyal
Senators who, through evil and good report,
through the fires of persecution and opposition,
have come up to defend the Government. I
say, sir, let them be paid, according to the law,
according to the precedents of Congress here-
tofore ; and hereafter, if the law is wrong, let
uS change it, and let us adopt new precedents,
but let them not commence with the loyal Sen-
ators and Representatives from these recon-
structed States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This question
is likely to occupy the attention of the Senate
for some time. It can be called up to-morrow
in the morning hour. I move that the pending
question be postponed, and that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the Indian
appropriation bill.
Mr. YATES. I hope not. I hope we shall
decide this question. I hope the Senator from
Maine will let us take the vote on it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
pleases, I should like to make my motion. I
move to postpone this matter and proeeed to
the consideration of the Indian appropriation
bill, which is partly finished, and to which 1
have been struggling to get the attention of the
Senate for some days. I feel constrained to
make this motion, because to-morrow we shall
have the Army appropriation bill from the
House of Representatives, and it will be neces-
sary for the Committee on Appropriations to
examine that bill in order to present it to the
Senate at an early day in the coming week,
and between this time and that I do not expect
to trouble the Senate with appropriation bills.
But I appeal to the sense of the Senate whether
they would think it excusable in me if I did
not at this moment press this unfinished bill
on the consideration of the Senate. I hope,
therefore, the Senate will indulge me by allow-
ing the pending measure to pass over and the
consideration of the appropriation bill to be
proceeded with. I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that may be done;
not that I am desirous of avoiding ^ any de-
ll eision on this question, for I thiuk it ought,
Ilin fairness to the gentlemen interested in it,
to be decided; but as 1 understand from the
form of it—and I believe that is the right
form—it does not require to go through the
processes of legislation, and this sum of money,
if it is decided that it ought to be paid, is to
be paid out of the contingent fund. It c:m
I therefore be disposed of at anytime during
i the session. Now, the acts that we have to
| pass require presidential approval and take,
j time. Here is the Indian appropriation biil,
i which is more than half finished, and the ehair-
! man of the Committee on Appropriations has
jj told us that his duties require Sum to attend
l! also to other appropriation bills. Here is
waiting the tennre-of-office bill, which al! nt
us desire to consider calmly and fairly and fully
and to decide rightly, whatever that decision
. may be; and I am only waiting to call it up
i and ask the Senate to stick to it until it is dis-
