,1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
inittee, and that they will report some general
measure guarding all cases that ought to be
covered and that we ought to act upon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumheb] to the motion to
recommit.
Mr. SPENCER. The honorable Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] has men-
tioned the name of J udge Dox as being a loyal
citizen. I know Judge Dox well, have known
him for many years. I have known him since
1862. At the time of the breaking out of the
rebellion in Alabama he went North and re-
mained until the Union armies occupied the
place. His loyalty is unquestioned, and lie is
a distinguished citizen, an honorable and high-
toned man in every particular.
A word now in reference to Miss Murphey.
Living in the town in which she resides, know-
ing all the parties, I liave^ but^ simply a word
to say. She came here first in I860, at the
suggestion of a distinguished general officer of
the Army, the general officer who tore down
her property, General John G-. Stevenson, and
pressed this claim. She relies upon the evi-
dence principally of General John G. Steven-
son and General Robert S. Granger, who
know her well. She denies in toio her having
committed any disloyal acts, and claims, upon
the other hand, that she can establish by undis-
puted evidence that she has performed acts of
distinguished loyalty toward the Government
of the United States while the rebellion was in
progress. I hope that her claim will not be
unnecessarily prejudiced ; and I do not stand
here to defend it; but she is willing to furnish
the evidence, and I hope the committee will
give her ample opportunity to do so.
Mr. WAIiNER. As the name of Mr. Hum-
phreys has again been brought before the Sen-
ate, I feel bound, as a duty to a constituent, to
say a word in addition to what I said the other
day. In the report of my remarks in the Globe
appears my testimony to this gentleman's
character ; but it does not appear quite as dis-
tinctly as I should wish it to be, and therefore
I propose now to say a word. He is known
to me as a man of good character, a man of
honesty, and a man of intelligence. At the
time 1 spoke of him the other day, I had in
my pocket a recommendation to the Secretary
of the Treasury, indorsing him as a worthy man
signed by every member of the Alabama dele
gation in both Houses of Congress.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am in favor of the re
commitment of the bill with all the amend'
ments that Senators may choose to offer ; but
I do not wish any instructions to go to the
committee. That is not our custom.
Mr. SUMNER. I propose only instructions
to consider the expediency of a certain thing.
That there can be no objection to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. SUMNER. I purposely put it in that
form to avoid all objections.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts by way of instruction.
The question being put, it was declared to
be carried in the negative.
Mr. SUMNER. Which amendment have we
been voting on?
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts now
on the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. It could not have been
umlersiood.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the Senator from
Massachusetts had better offer his proposition
as a resolution of inquiry separately, and let
this bill go to the committee on its merits.
Mr. SUMNER. Let all the pending prop-
ositions go to the committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. After the bill is recount-
ted the Senator can then offer a resolution, if
he thinks proper, instructing the Committee on
Claims to inquire into the expediency of the
proposition which he makes.
Mr. SUMNER. Why is not that all accom-
plished by one vote, that all pending proposi-
tions now go to the committee? That settles
the whole question.
Mr. ANTHONY. Without instructions?
Mr. SUMNER. Without instructions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That alters
nothing. The committee can report as they
please, whether they be instructed or not. The
instructions fall, in all parliamentary rules,
when the main proposition is referred. The
committee have full power to report on the
subject whether instructed or not.
Mr. SUMNER. Well, I move that the bill
and all pending propositions be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator withdraw his instructions ?
Mr. SUMNER. They go as one of the
propositions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina moves to refer the
bill to the committee that reported it, the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to amend that
motion, that the bill and all pending proposi-
tions relating to the bill be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. CATTELL. I hope the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts will not prevail.
Let this bill be referred back to the committee
in its original shape. I understand, then, the
practice is that all the papers go with it to the
committee as accompanying papers merely,
and I think the Senate are not disposed to
send these as instructions to the committee.
Mr. SUMNER. Nothing is moved as in-
structions. The Senator misunderstands the
proposition.
Mr. WARNER. Allow me to state that I
understood the Senator from South Carolina to
withdraw his motion to referwith instructions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina has withdrawn the
instructions; so that his motion is a mere
motion to refer. The Senator from Massachu-
setts offers an amendment to refer with instruc-
tions, which is the question now pending.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg pardon of the Chair.
There is an amendment there of mine direct-
ing the committee to consider the expediency
of reporting a certain bill. Now, 1 move that
the bill with all pending propositions, which
would include my amendment and include also
the amendment of my colleague, be referred
to the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator modifies his motion so that all the papers
which have been offered shall go to the com-
mittee with the bill, with instructions 
Mr. SUMNER. There is no instruction.
Simply that they go to the committee. My
proposition is one of the papers, and they all
go together.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ate has heard the motion stated.
Mr. SUMNER. That the papers go to the
committee. The committee can do what they
choose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Of course
they can, whether they are instructed or not.
The question is on the motion to refer, as stated
by the Senator from Massachusetts.
The motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill sigxed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 1673) to relieve Wil-
liam H. Bagley, of Wake county, North Caro-
lina : and it was thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore of the Senate.
removal oe disabilities.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to withdraw the
motion that I made some days ago to recon-
sider the vote 011 the passage of the bill (H.
R. No. 1598) to relieve from disability R. \V.
Best and Samuel P. Phillips, of North Caro-
lina. I entered the motion for the purpose of
examining into some reports in regard to one
of the parties. ■
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
will be withdrawn if there be 110 objection.
obbeh 01? business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to tho consideration of House bill No.
1460, regulating the duties on imported copper
and copper ore, merely for the purpose of get-
ting it before the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let me take it up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have something to say
on that point if I can get the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tisn is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan, to proceed to the consideration of
the bill mentioned by him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Chair will permit
anybody to say anything on this question before
the motion is put I should like to say a word.
It was stated some time ago, when the Sue
Murphey case was not expected to last so long,
that the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis]
desired to have a resolution, which was reported
not favorably from the Committee on Finance
touching the national debt, taken up, that he
might make some remarks upon a proposition
that he had to submit, and that I was desirous
of making some brief remarks upon the same
question ; and I believe I had the assent of
my honorable friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] though notbinding the Senate, of coarse,
that when this case was disposed of that res-
olution might be taken up for this purpose;
not his assent that the thing should be carried
to a final vote, but the Senate could then lay
it aside if they thought fit. That proposition
has been before this body for a long time, and I
think it of importance, and therefore I hope
that the Senate will be willing to take it up, par-
ticularly as through some action of mine the
Senator from Kentucky was prevented, volun-
tarily to be sure, from addressing the Senate
upon the proposition that he had to submit
when a kindred proposition was before us. I
hope, therefore, that the Senate will not take
up this copper bill at this moment, although 1
am not opposed to the bill that I know of, and
will proceed to consider, at least for a time,
the resolution which I have mentioned.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that
when the Senate adjourn to-day it adjourn to
meet on Monday next at twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion dan only be entertained by unanimous
consent. If there be no objection the motion
will be put.
Mr. NYE. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the motion cannot be entertained
now. The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senate will
permit this bill to be taken up. I do not wish,
of course, to consider it to-day at this late
hour. I understood my friend from Vermont
to agree to stand by me on that bill in taking
it up the day before yesterday.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did ; to take it up in
the morning hour.
Mr. CHANDLER. Precisely; and to stand
by me until I could get a vote upon it. I hope
| the Senate will take it up and leave it as the
' unfinished business, and to-morrow I am 111
hopes that in an hour we shall dispose of it.
Therefore, I ask the Senate to take it up be-
fore the adjournment, so as to leave it as the
unfinished business.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I rise to inquire of the
Chair whether it is not in order, a motion hav-
ing been made by a Senator and he having
surrendered the floor, as he does^ of course
after he makes the motion, to submit a motion
that when the Senate adjourns it adjourn to
meet on Monday next?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Two mo-
tions cannot be pending at the same time.
