1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
40x11 Cong....3d Sess.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
at this session of Congress, after having suo
ceeded in carrying the election, to now force
through a Congress antecedently elected an
amendment of the Federal Constitution by
which the people of those States to which it
has declared the control over suffrage properly
belongs will be deprived of that control, and
then by the submission of such an amendment
for ratification, not to conventions, but to Legis-
latures elected under this professed principle
of State control over suffrage to attempt to
secure its ratification by the agency of party
spirit, though it abrogates the constitutions of
at least ten States, many o"f which elected their
Legislatures on the faith of the principles
thus declared by the dominant party? -Sir, no
ingenuity, no special pleading can excuse or
palliate such political perfidy. We cannot be
told that the people would not understand
from this explicit declaration of party prin-
ciples made by the Republican party at Chi-
cago that the party neither contemplated or
intended to deprive the people of the loyal
States in any mode whatever of a right which
it declared properly to belong to them. No
sane man can attach any different import to
the language of this second resolution, and by
no subterfuge can its plain import be explained
away. The people could not fear that even the
Republican party could be guilty of the political
atrocity of depriving them of a right which it
had so solemnly declared properly belonged to
them. Would that party have dared to go
before the people of the United States with all
the personal popularity of their candidate, on
such an issue as is embodied in the pending
amendment? The declaration is explicit, and
the attempts made to interpret away its plain
meaning, contrary to the natural import of
the words, makes the platform but an act of
duplicity and evasion. There is no escape
from the alternative; either, taking language
ia its ordinary meaning, it is an explicit dec-
claration that the question of suffrage belongs
properly to the people of the States, in the
loyal States, or it is an evasion, and they did
not dare to present the question to the people.
Yet a Congress elected anterior to the late po-
litical contest propose now to pass an amend-
ment abrogating the constitutions of ten States
of the Union, and submit that amendment for
ratification, not to conventions of the States,
but to Legislatures elected without reference
to any such issue, and after a formal and ex-
plicit declaration by the successful party that
no such measure was contemplated.
Mr. President,isthisgood faith to the people,
or is it supposed that their perceptions are so
dull that the duplicity will not be appreciated,
or have the dominant party so little respect for
public opinion as to suppose that the people
will submit without a murmur to so palpable
a fraud and so great a defiance to their will?
Is it not, sir, such an act as in the controversies
of individuals in courts of justice would be
held to be an estoppel in pais because in fraud
of the declaration of the party ? Is there a
necessity for its passage at this session ? If
this Governments a G-overnmentfounded upon
the will of the people, is it not a dangerous and
hazardous experiment, is it not wrong in itself,
to attempt to change the organic law of. ten
States of this Union without ever having sub-
mitted the question to the people for decision?
That is all embodied in any one of these pro-
posed amendments if they are to be submitted,
to existing State Legislatures.
Sir, I could make no better—no, no t so good
an argument against this proposition as that
which the honorable Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Moetos] made, unwittingly, perhaps,
on another constitutional amendment intro-
duced by the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Buckalew] two days before this
discussion commenced. The amendment pro-
posed by the honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania related to the mode in which electors of
President and Vice President are to be elected,
and its object was to prevent the Legislature
from forestalling the will of the people by the
choice of electors who would cast- the vote of
the State for a candidate against the will of the
people of the State. It was considered a defect
in the Constitution. It was referred to a com-
mittee; and the honorable Senator from In-
diana [Mr. Mortox] reported it back with
some amendments, but as it stands now that is
the object of the amendment. I will read, as
the remarks are very short, what the Senator
from Indiana said, that the Senate may see how
strong the argument is, not for the purpose of
showing inconsistency on the part of the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana—that is of small
moment—but because his argument, where his
mind was unbiased by party feeling or party
objects, on the same principle is clear and con-
clusive, and more than a sufficient answer to
his subsequentpressureof this amendment two
days afterward. This is the language:
" It is proposed by this amendment that the people
of each State shall appoint the electors, and that the
Congress may determine the manner in which these
electors shall be appointed. The effect of this amend-
ment is to take away from the Legislatures of tfcffe
several States the great powcrwhich they now have,
and which may under certain circumstances be a
most dangerous power, and which might bringon
civil war and revolution where a Legislature, finding
itself in a minority, and unwilling that the people
of the State shall vote directly tor President and
Vice President, may, as it has the power now, repeal
the law by which the people can vote at all for these
officers and select electors who shall east the vote of
that State. In the desperation of varty and in the
contingencies of politics such a great power as this
shouldnotbeleftto tbeLegislature of any State; and
while we are engaged in the. business of amending
the Constitution we should now provide that the
people of the several States shall themselves appoint
these electors, and that the powershall not be left m
the hands of the Legislatures."
Does not the principle vindicated in these
remarks apply with more force in reference to
a proposition to submit this amendment to
Legislatures elected without reference to any
discussion upon it ? If this Congress had at its
first session reported by a committee in favor
of such an amendment as is now proposed,
and the propriety of its adoption had been a
question before the people of the States, you
might without breach of faith, when you had
succeeded in that election, have adopted the
amendment and submitted it to existing Legis-
latures elected with a full knowledge on the
part of the people that such a question was to
be passed upon by them. But you did not do
that. Whatever may have been your individ-
ual opinions there was no report of a com-
mittee, lio attempted action of the Senate to
deprive the States of their control over the
right of suffrage before the presidential elec-
tion. I do not speak of the reconstruction
laws, which are based, in regard to ten States,
on totally different grounds.
Well, sir, unless it be indeed true that the
possession of power by the election of a Presi-
dent of the United Statesfor the brief term of
four years, with the offices that are held and
appointed under him, is of more importance
to the people of this country than the fact that
their State constitutions, organized by them-
selves, shall not be abrogated by the Federal
Government through the means of Legislatures
elected upon different issues, upon what prin-
ciple is it consistent with the doctrines of the
Senator from Indiana that this amendment
can be properly referred to existing Legisla-
tures of the States?
If it be true that the Legislature of a State
ought not to possess the power to take away
from the people of the State the right to vote
directly for President, beyond all question it is
equally true and far more important^ that it
should not be in the power of the Legislature
of a State to alter the constitution of the State
without the consent of its people. Yet that is
the operation of this amendment if confided
to existing Legislatures. A proposition like
this submitted to any Legislature would neces-
sarily have to be passed upon by the people of
the State if submitted in the State Legislature
to alter their own constitution. By the organic
law of at least ten of the loyal States of this
Union the right of suffrage to an inferior race
is denied ; suffrage is confined to the white
race. This amendment proposes to abrogate
the constitutions often States in this particular,
and it proposes to do this through the medium
of Legislatures who have not been elected by
the people since any such question was made
before them.
Sir, the argument of the honorable Senator
from Indiana in reference to the election of
President I believe to be sound, and I accede
to it entirely. My only doubt is whether it
would not be better to carry the change so far
as to provide that the candidate for President
and Vice President should be voted for directly
without the instrumentality of electors, which
is a mere form. I accede to the principle con-
tained in that speech, but the principle applies
with far more force to- this amendment, and
any attempt to obtain its ratification so as to
embody it in the Federal Constitution by means
of State Legislatures elected anterior to the
question being made. When I speak of the
question being made I mean an amendment
having been reported favorably in the Senate
and becoming a matter of known party decla-
ration and party support.
• Is it not also true, Mr. President, that within
the past twenty years the people of many States
have considered and decided on this question
of granting suffrage to an inferior race ? Within
a few years the grant of suffrage to the black
race has been before the people, and in many
States in which the Republican party had and
still have a majority it has been refused by the
people. In Pennsylvania the party have not
ventured to make the issue. I think I am not
mistaken in sayingthat though the proposition
was made to submit such a question about a
year ago to the people of Pennsylvania for an
alteration of theirState constitution, it received
but thirteen votes in the Republican Legisla-
ture of that State, and could not be made a
question of party. Why? Because they well
knew that the sentiment of their people was
against any such change in their constitution.
In the State of New York. within a few years
past, the people have refused to change the
modified form in which the franchise is there
allowed to the black race. Within a few years
the experiment has been tried in Ohio, and
though the Republican party succeeded in
electing their Governor, the proposition was
rejected by a majority of near fifty thousand.
In Kansas it was rejected by a large majority,
andin Michiganalso. The franchise of suffrage
is denied to the black race by the constitution
of Illinois and by the constitution of Indiana,
and yet it is proposed, without any appeal to
the people, who are the source of power in this
country, to abrogate the constitutionsof those
States by the influence of party spirit acting
upon Legislatures who were elected by the
people for other purposes and on other issues,
with an assurance from the successful party
that the control over suffrage properly belonged
to them alone within their own States.
Mr. President, it is probable that this amend-
ment in some form will pass by two thirds of
both Houses. It may be—I do not know—that
the overswaying and perverting influence of
party spirit may tempt the Legislatures or tiiroc
fourths of the States, in defiance of the will of
their constituents, to ratify and adopt it as part
of the Federal Constitution. But Senators and
members of State Legislatures should pause m
their action and reflect that however much they
may be devoted to the object to be attained by
this amendment that this is a Government
founded on the will of the people, and that they
are acting as representatives. Sir, there is a
Nemesisin all human affairs; and deception and
broken faith, whether with the people at large
or between man and man, will always sooner
or later meet its just punishment.
Mr. President, I should not have cared to
