m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir,; the "motions
wouid not be at the same time; but when a
motion is made and - pending certainly it seems
to me that a motion to adjourn "or to adjourn
over must be,in order. I have no objection to
taking up the bill of the Senator from Michi-
gan at the proper time. The House of Rep-
resentatives has adjourned over until Monday,
and I think it will be inconvenient for a nuta-
ber of reasons to have a Session to-morrow.
There will be no Saturday, perhaps, duriiig
the- session -which it will be convenient to so
many Senators to have in reference to depart-
mental and other business" as io-morrow. I
should not like to vote upon the motion to take
upthis bill, and then have a motion at once to
adjourn, so that we should not be permitted to
■take the sense of the Senate on the other mo-
tion. I shall be glad to vote with the Senator
at the proper time, but I do not think it would
be well to press his bill in such a way as to
prevent an expression of the Senate on the
other question. If he can prevent an adjourn-
ment over, that is ail very well; but I should
like to vote upon it. If the Senator has no
objection, suppose we take a vote on that
question now.
Mr. SHERMAN. ; I desire to submit a
motion which, I believe, is always in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No motion
is in order until this is disposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think a motion to
adjourn is always in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A motion
to adjourn is in order, if a Senator has the
right to the floor to make it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe I have the floor
unless somebody is speaking.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan has the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate-
proceed to the consideration of the bill I have
mentioned.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
motion pending.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I ask for a vote
upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, upon that motion,
I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, Mr. President,
pending that motion to adjourn under the
rules I move, as a privileged question, that
when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet on Mo,nday next; and that motion, the
rule aays, shall be put first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
not a privileged question.
Mr. SHERMAN. The motion to adjourn
is a higher motion.
Mr. CONKLING. I appeal to the rules.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. CONK LIN G. Does the Chair rule that,
pending that motion, it is not in order to move
that when the Senate adjourns to-day it ad-
journ to meet on Monday next?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. We hold
that doctrine very strong. [Laughter. 1
Mr. CONKLING. Ihe shorter way is to
submit, although I think the rule and parlia-
mentary law are otherwise.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. Is it in order now to
make a motion for an adjournment over?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
in order because another motion is pending.
The Senator from Michigan moves that tfe
Senate proeeed to the consideration of the bill
mentioned by him, which is called the copper
bill.
The motion was agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 26, noes 15.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
is before the Senate,
Mr. HENDRICKS. Now, I move that when
the Senate adjourns it adjourn to meet ou Mon-
day next at twelve o'clock.
MY. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I voted with the Sen-
ator to take his bill up, and supposed that after
that there would be no factious opposition to
this other motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I want to pass the bill
to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn, which is not
debatable.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes sixteen,
noes not counted.
Mr. CONKLING-. Is it in order tiow to
move that when the Senate adjourns to-day it
adjourn to meet on Monday next?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is never
in order while one motion is pending and un-
disposed of to make another, unless by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there one pending
now ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is.
The bill is before the Senate now as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. CONKLING. And does the Chair rule
that it is not in order at that time to make a
motion to adjourn over until Monday ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot
be. That motion is not a privileged motion at
all. A motion to adjourn supersedes it, but
not a motion to adjourn to a certain day.
Mr. CONKLING. I yield the floor to the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.]
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. I believe I had the floor
and was trying to yield it to the Senator from
Illinois.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New York has not yielded the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir. I do yield it
now to the Senator from Illinois, who asked
me to do so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the pend-
ing bill and all prior orders be laid aside for
the purpose of making the motion suggested
by the Senator from New York.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that will not be
done. I have got the bill just where I want it,
and I hope the Senate will not lay it aside.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is only for the pur-
pose of submitting the other motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will with-
draw the motion to postpone I shall not object
to its being laid aside informally for the pur-
pose suggested, but I do object to any post-
ponement.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; that is suf-
ficient.
Mr. CONNESS. ' That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, if the bill is laid
aside informally, I submit the motion to adjourn
over.
Mr. POMEROY. That can only be done
by unanimous consent, and I object.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I move, unless the
Senator's motion is before the Senate, to post-
pone the pending bill in order that the motion
may be made to adjourn over. Is that in
order ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
order to move to postpone the present busi-
ness.
Mr. CONKLING. For that purpose I make
that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the present bill and all other prior orders
be postponed for the purpose of submitting a
motion that when the Senate adjourns it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that motion will
not be agreed to.
The motion was agreed to.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. CONKLING. , Now I make the motion,
that when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
_ The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-
eight, noes not counted.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate resume the consideration of the bill
which was just laid aside.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan moves the Senate resume
the consideration of the bill just laid aside.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion on the motion ; and declared that the ayes
appeared to have it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I addressed the Chair
before the" vote was announced, and I desire
to be recognized.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then it
ought to be put oveT again if that is the case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to make some
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
order for the Senator to do so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I am recognized by
the Chair, I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. The bill is up already,
I understand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 15, 1869.
The House met at twelve o' clock to. Prayer
by Rev. Henry D. Moore, Cincinnati, Ohio.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order op business.
The SPEAKER. This being Friday, the
first business in order is the calling of com-
mittees for reports of a private 'nature, com-
mencing with the Committee ou the Post Office
and Post Roads, which on Friday last reported
a bill by the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Joiixson,] which bill is still pending.
Mr. ELA. I rise to make a privileged
report.
The SPEAKER. If it is on public busi-
ness it caiinot be received on private bill day
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. ELA. I desire to report a "resolution
from the Committee en Printing.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be
read : after which the Chair will ask for objec-
tion.
The Clerk read as follows:
Eeiolved, That twenty thousand copies of the re-
port of the Special Commissioner of the Kevenuc.with
the appendices complete, be printed lor the use of
the House, and one thousand copies of the same for
the use of the Treasury Department, five hundred
of which are to be bound.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
this resolution is before the House, and the
gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Ela]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ELA. Mr. Speaker  
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman from
New Hampshire to allow me to be heard ou
this resolution.
Mr. ELA. For how long a time?
Mr. KELLEY. I cannot say precisely.
_ Mr. JUDD. I must object to the introduc-
tion ot the resolution if it is to give rise to
debate.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to say a few words
on this resolution whenever it may come up.
I have a copy of the report in my hands, and
would like to_ invite the attention of the House
to several points in connection with it.
Mr. ELA. I withdraw the resolution for the
present.
representative from georgia.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. The Committee of Elections, to whom
were referred the credentials of John H. Christy
and John A. Wimpy, claimants for a seat in
this House as Representatives from the sixth
congressional district of Georgia, have in-
structed me to submit a report, accompanied
with three resolutions. I ask that the resolu-
tions may be rifad, and the report laid on the
table and printed.
