168
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 6,
Senate.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Bayard.
40th Cong. ... 3d Sess.
make, indeed I should have abstained from any
remarks in reference to this amendment, could
I have had the assurance that the Senate would
submit this amendment, when proposed, to
conventions of the people in the several States.
The Constitution provides for both modes of
ratification. If the people of three-fourths of
the States of this Union with this amendment
fairly before them shall, by the election of del-
egates favorable to its ratification, determine
to yield control over suffrage to the Federal
Government, of course it must be submitted
to. It will in that event be submitted to. But
the effect may be very different if you over-rule
the will of the people in the States through the
agency of party spirit operating upon Legisla-
tures elected without reference to the question.
If, as the honorable Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] has declared in reference to the
selection of electors of President by the Legisla-
ture, that the power should be taken from them
by a change in the Constitution, because it is
a dangerous power from the possible contin-
gency that " the desperation of party" might
tempt the Legislature to elect a President
against the will of the people, "which might
bring on civil war and revolution,'' is there not
more reason to fear that if '' the desperation of
party" tempts the Legislatures of the large
States to abrogate a vital provision of their State
constitutions against the will of its people the
hazard of civil war and revolution will be much
greater? It requires no change in the Federal
Constitution to avoid such a result. You may
under the Constitution submit this amendment
fairly to the people, or you may seek to adopt
it iu defiance of their will. I may be told that
it has not been usual; that the precedents show
that previous amendments of the Constitution
have not been referred to conventions. Sir,
the Constitution was ratified by conventions.
It is also true that up to within the last few
years, since civil war has so much demoralized
us, of all the amendments proposed to the Con-
stitution not one was intended or did in any
respect deprive the States of any right secured
to them under the Constitution. Most of them
were assented to generally, and many were
made conditions in the conventions of some
of the States that ratified the Constitution.
The subsequent amendments related merely to
the organization of the Federal Government
without touching the relative powers of the
Federal and State Governments.
But this amendment proposes to change the
relations of the States to the Federal Govern-
ment. It changes our system of government,
and deprives ttie people of the States of the
last remnant of their control over the Federal
Government; and for this reason, if none other,
it should be submitted for ratification to con-
ventions in the several States as the Constitution
itself was. The change is so vital that it ought
to be sanctioned by the people with a full
knowledge of its effect, and not by their rep-
resentatives elected for other purposes. In
changes under the authority of the States all
alterations are on principle submitted to a
direct vote of the people; and if peace and
tranquillity is desirable, the same direct sanc-
tion should be given to this momentous change.
I cannot agree with the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania that the slight cost of such
conventions, when the magnitude of the altera-
tion is considered, should prevent its submis-
sion for ratification in that mode, and no other
plausible reason has been given for preferring
a ratification by the Legislatures.
A strong reason in favor of this mode of sub-
mission is, that if ratified by the direct action
and with the free consent of the people of three
fourths of the States there will be cheerful and
entire submission by those who believe the
change itis intended to effect unwise and preju-
dicial; but if it is forced upon an unwilling
people by means of Legislatures elected with-
out reference to its adoption, so far from pro-
ducing peace or union or union sentiment
in support of the Government, it will lead to
irritation from the degradation of the fran-
chise of suffrage, hasten the conflict of races,
and be one means by which the free Govern-
ment under which the people have so prospered
will be disorganized and ultimately overthrown.
Can it be possible that one motive for this course
of action is so to degrade the suffrage as to
prepare the way for an elective despotism? I
have heard such preferences for despotism ex-
pressed by individuals, but I am loath to believe
that such a motive can actuate any Senator of
the United States.
I hope, therefore, Mr. President, that the
amendment proposed by Ohe honorable Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. Dixojf] will be adopted ;
and if so, I shall care but little whether the
amendment so modified is passed or rejected
by Congress. I am perfectly willing to abide
the deliberate judgment of the people of the
States of this Union if the amendment is sub-
mitted to their decision in conventions in the
several States ; but if that is refused you cannot
decline accepting the amendment proposed by
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, un-
less you desire and intend by the influence of
party spirit to force the suffrage of an inferior
race upon the people regardless of their will
and your duty to them as their representatives.
I procced now with my objections to the
particular object this amendment seeks to effect.
I have never been able to accede to the dogma
that suffrage is a natural right, or that universal
suffrage is essential or even conducive to per-
manent free government. It cannot exist in a
state of nature ; and when men form themselves
into communities the governments they adopt
must of necessity depend upon the condition
and capacity of those over whom they are to
be organized. I ccfiicede fully the soundness
of the maxim that the just basis of all govern-
ment is " the consent of the governed ;" but in
fact there never has been such specific consent
given by each individual in the organization of
any government, and there is no natural right
violated when it is denied. A government may
be organized on this maxim, and yet numbers
subject to its control have no partand no voice
in its organization. The frailty of humanity
and the tendency of power to corruption forbid
its deposit in the hands of a single individual
and his posterity, or in the hands of a few, for
in either case this corrupting tendency of power
would end in tyranny and be used at the
expense of the happiness and welfare of the
community.
The powers of Government, therefore, are
most safely for the benefit of all intrusted to
the people at large. But this general truth,
like all other general propositions, must be
modified in practice, and is subject to excep-
tions. As to the exercise of the franchise and
trust of suffrage there are many exceptions ;
they vary in the different States of this Union.
Idiots and lunatics in all States are excepted
from incapacity ; felons as a punishment for
their crime. There is residence also required,
for the obvious reason that to vote with an
approximation to intelligence the voter must
have had an opportunity to become acquainted
with the condition and habits of the commu-
nity in which the franchise is to be exercised,
and also to acquire some knowledge of the
character and general standing of those who
may be candidates for office. The length of
residence required varies in different States,
and the people of each State can best determ-
ine that for themselves. In some the prepay-
ment of taxes is requisite. Although that
exists in my own State I have always been
opposed to such a qualification, and have en-
deavored to have it modified, because the
prepayment of taxes has a tendency toward
corruption, which is the growing vice of our
country. But that, also, is a question for the
people of the States and not a question for the
General Government.
In a few States there is what is called an
educational franchise. Itis made a prerequi-
site to the exercise of the franchise that the
voter shall be able to read the Constitution of
the United States or of the State or some other
paper, and to write his name. I should never
object to any Slate adopting such a franchise
if such is the will of her people, for the right
properly belongs to them to regulate suffYage
within their own State, though I should be
entirely opposed to the adoption of such a
qualification of the franchise in the State of
Delaware; because though I have no doubt
that the training of the people is necessary to
enable them to sustain self-government I do not
believe that merely teaching a man to read and
write is such a training as specially fits him for
the exercise of the elective franchise.
Moral culture, which depends mainly upon
the mother, is far more effective and far more
important in securing an intelligent perform-
ance of this trust of suffrage. The great prin-
ciple of the common law to which I have al-
ready adverted, of decentralizing power, is the
surest basis of self-government by the people,
and indeed essential to the maintenance of
their capacity for self-government. The in-
stitutions of the common law all tend to the
decentralization of power. They require that
all local business shall be transacted by the in-
habitants of the locality. Trace them as you
will—overseers of the poor, juries, grand
juries, levy courts, and all county organiza-
tions—you find that its institutions all aid in
training and instructing the people in habits of
self-government. It was such training that
formed the habits of the people of this coun-
try, implanted in them the love and the ap-
preciation of civil liberty, and enabled them
to sustain self-government and maintain a gov-
ernment of laws, in contradistinction to a gov-
ernment of will, when they threw off their
political allegiance to Great Britain and de-
clared their independence. Centralize the
powers of Government now and degrade the
suffrage, and the people will lose their capa-
city for self-government, and one or more des-
potisms establish their ascendency, and thus all
security of the citizen against the aggressions
of power, essential for the preservation of free
government, will cease beyond recovery.
Beyond the minor exceptions which I have
stated to the maxim that the just basis of all
government is "the consent of the governed "
there are three general exceptions—age, sex,
and race. I have said that I do not consider
uniform or universal suffrage is any security for
the preservation of freedom, and have given
you an illustration which I think conclusive as
to its inefficiency for that purpose. I might
add, as bearing upon the exception of race,
that the historian, in speaking of the Roman
empire, tells an " the Romans desired to be all
equal; they were leveled by the equality of
Asiatic bondage."
First, as to age. If suffrage were a natural
right you would find it very difficult to justify
the exclusion of boys of sixteen or eighteen,
for in general they ha"e quite sufficient mental
capacity for its exercise. Indeed, were it a
natural right any child old enough to be sworn
and give evidence in a court of justice might
claim it.
But the right is restrained universally through-
out this country. Nay, the age is fixed arbi-
trarily at twenty-one, founded no doubt upon
the principle that the human_passions develop
more rapidly than the intellectual and the re
fleeting powers, and that the control over the
passions is not sufficient under the age of
twenty-one to trust men with the exercise of
the franchise. The result would be personal
conflicts and riots at elections becoming so
general that to avoid anarchy the people would
accept despotism. There are boys of eighteen
who might be safely intrusted with suffrage, but
no tribunal could be possibly organized to de-
termine fairly on the individual exceptions. The
question of boyhood suffrage has not, however,
