1869,
ffife OOMiRfiSSIOifAL GLOB&
1M5
Mr. HARLAN. I do not think that the
Senate ought to insist upon completing this bill
to-day. There are other amendments that the
Committee on Indian Affairs hare under con-
sideration, which have been asked for by the
peace commissioners, and the committee hare
instructed me, after the amendments are dis-
posed of by the Senate which I now have in
my hand, to ask that the bill may go over. In
the mean time the Committee on Appropria-
tions may examine the amendment offered by
the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. HOWE. It has been referred to them.
Mr. HARLAN. It can come up to-morrow
just as well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Our fule excludes this
amendment on a general appropriation bill,
being a private claim..
Mr. HOWE. It is a claim arising under a
treaty.
Mr. HARLAN. Let it go over, and the
Indian Committee will look at it to-night.
We have a meeting to-night. We cannot con-
clude this bill to-day.
Mr. HOWE. Very well.
Mr. HARLAN. On page 4, line sixty-
five, I move to strike out " $1,650" and in-
sert "$2,500so as to read:
For vaccination of Indians, and furnishing vac-
cine matter, $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. On page 5, lirie one hun-
dred and one, I move to strike out " $22,750"
and insert "$30,000;" so as to make the clause
read:
For second of thirty installments, to be expended
under the tenth article of treaty of October 21,1867,
concluded at Medicine Lodge creek, in Kansas, with
the Kiowas and Comanehes, and under the third
articlc of the treaty of the same date made with the
Apaehes, §30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line one hundred and
four I move to strike out " $19,715" and to
insert "$2G,000;" so as to make the clause
read:
For purchase of clothing under the same articlo
and treaty, $26,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
to have the Senator read that article.
Mr. HARLAN. The treaty obliges the
United States to furnish—
" For cach male person over fourteen years of age,
a suit of good, substantial woolen clothing, consist- |
in? of coat, pantaloons, flannel shirt, hat, and a pair i
of home-made socks. For cach female over twelve
years of age, a iiannel skirt or the goods necessary to
make it, a pair of woolen hose, and twelve yards of
calico and twelve yards of domestic.
" For the boys and girls under the agenamed, such
flannel and cotton goods as may be needed, to make
cach a suit as aforesaid, together with a pair of
"woolen hose for each; and, in order that the Cora-
misssoncr of Indian Affairs may be able to estimate
properly for thearticles herein named, it shall be the
duty of the agent each year to-forward him a full
and exact census of the Indians on which the esti-
mate from year to year oari be based.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It will be seen
that there is no rule furnished by that article
except what is predicated upon a census to he
t aken. No\v the Committee on Appropriations
had no information on that subject, and having
no information on the subject, and the House
having passed upon it and fixed upon a certain
sum, the Committee on Appropriations did not
feci authorized, in the absence of such inform-
ation as is contemplated by the article, to in-
crease (ho appropriation.
Mr HARLAN. 1 will state to the hon-
uble .Senator that this is the amount appro-
priated last year. The Department are satisfied
that, there are more Indians entitled to receive
goods this year than last year, but they ask for
precisely the samte amount., so that each Indian
will receive less probably Under this appro-
priation this year than last year ; they did not
feel authorized to make an increase in their
estimates.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line one hundred and
eleven I move to strike out" $6.0C6" and to in-
sert "$8,000;" so as to make the clause read:
For the crection of a steam circular saw-mill with
40tii Coiw. 3dRess.—No. 85.
a grist-mill and shingle-machine attached, under
the same article of the sime treaty, $8,000.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. HARLAN. In line OBe hundred and
thirteen I move to strike out " $3,953" and to
insert'' $5,200;" so that the clause will read:
For pay of farmer, carpenter, blaeksmith, miller,
and engineer, under the fourteenth article of said
treaty,
The amendment was agreed to. '
Mr. HARLAN. In line one hundred and
sixteen I move to strike out " $1,137 50 " and
to insert " $1,500;" so as to read:
For salary of physician, under same article of same
treaty, $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In lines one hundred and
eighteen and one hundred and nineteen I move
to strike out "$758 50" and to insert
"$1,000;" so as to read:
For salary of a teaeher under the sam« article,
$1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In lines one hundred and
twenty-five and one hundred and twenty-six I
move to strike out " $568 62 " and insert
" $750;" so as to make the clause read:
For building a dwelling-house on the reservation
for Tosi-ewa, or Siiver Brooch, the Comanehe chifef,
under the fifteenth article of same treaty, $750.
The amendment- was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In lines one hundred and
thirty and one hundred and thirty-one I move
tostrikeout "$379 25" and to insert "$500;"
so as to make the clause read:
For the first three installments to be expended in
presents to the ten persons of said tribes who in the
judgment of the agent may grow the most valuable
crops for the period named under the same article,
$500.
The amendment was agreed to;
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Before we go
further, I move to strike out"$5,309," in line
one hundred and thirty-three, and to insert
" $5,000' so as to read:
For transportation of goods to the Apaches, Kio-
was, and Comanehes, under same article, 85,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line one hundred and
thirty-four:
For this amount to pay J. C.I). Blackburn for sub-
sistence furnished to the friendly Kiowa, Comanche,
and Apache Indians, and to the Wichita and other
affiliated bands of Indians within the Wichita agency
at Fort Cobb, in the Indian territory, $158,841 58.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
have the Senator explain that.
Mr. HARLAN. This is for provisions fur-
nished the Indians after the termination of the
fiscal year, and before these Indians came under
the control of the peace commission, under
the control of General Hazen.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not quite
understand the Senator. I should like to have
an explanation of the circumstances under
which this expense was incurred. It is pretty
large.
Mr. HARLAN. A commission called the
peace commission, consisting of several gen-
erals of the Army and two or three civilians,
were sent down to that country to collect to-
gether the peaceful Indians with the view of
severing (he peaceful Indians from those en-
gaged in making war on the settlements, and
as these Indians came into the vicinity of Fort
Cobb they had to be provided for. Under the
direction of that commission General Ilazen
took charge of the Indians after lie arrived
there: but intermediate between the termina-
tion of the fiscal year and his taking possession
of that work this amount of provisions was
furnished and delivered to the Indians and
consumed under a previously existing con-
tract.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will ask the
Senator if this has been estimated for and
approved by the Department.
Mr. HARLAN. It has been. I will send
to the Chair the Secretary's letter to be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Depaetmest OF THB IXTERIOB,
W ASnissTOK, D. C., February i, 1869.
^ Sir : I transmit herewith a copy of a communica-
tion, dated the 3d instant, from the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, and accompanying pajwrs, in rela-
tion to aupplies furnished by J. C. D. Blackburn to
Kiowa, Comanehe, and Apache Indians, for which
payment is requested in the sum of $132,973 48.,
There are no funds within the control of this De-
partment applicable to the payment of the voucher*
herewith submitted, and the attention of Congress,
therefore, is respectfully invited to the subject.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
O. H. BROWSING,
,, Secretary.
Hon. E. F. Wade,
President pro tempore United States Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I also send to the Chair the
letter of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
to which the Secretary refers. I also have here
certified official copies of all the vouchers and
evidence in the case. The committee have no
doubt the provisions were furnished. Does
the Senator insist on this letter being read ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
that I care for it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line one hundred and
ninety-two, among the appropriations for the
Cheyennes and Arapahoes, I move to strike out
"$14,400" and insert "$20,000;" soastomake
the clause read:
For the second of thirty installments provided to
be expended under the tenth article of the treaty of
October 28,1867, concluded at Medicine Lodge Creek,
Kansas, $20,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. T-should like to
have the article of the treaty referred to read.
Mr. HARLAN. It obliges the United States
to furnish:
"For each male person over fourteen years of aee,
a suit of good, substantial woolen clothing, consist-
ing of coat, pantaloons, flannel shirt, hat, and a pair
of homemade souks.
" For each female over twelve years of age, a flan-
nel skirt or the goods necessary to make it, a pair of
woolen hose, and twelve yards of calico and twelve
yards of cotton domestics.
" For the boys and girls under the ages named, sueh
flannel and cotton goods as may be needed to make
each a suit as aforesaid, together with a pair of
woolen hose for each.
"And in order that the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs may be able to estimate properly for the arti-
cles herein named it shall be the duty of the agent
eaeh year to forward him a full and exact census of
the Indians, on which the estimates from year to
year can bo based."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine.. I inquire of the
Senator whether such a census has been for-
warded, and whether this estimate is based on
that census.
Mr. HARLAN. An actual census was not
taken, on account of the disturbed condition
of the Indians, growing out of the Indian war;
but the Department are perfectly satisfied that
there is a number equal to those that were
there last year, and they estimate for the same
amount that was appropriated last year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine.^ If the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs have evidence that satis-
fies them that this is necessary I do not know
that. I can object.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line one hundred and
ninety-six I move to strikeout "$14,500' and
insert "$l!0,000 so that the clause will read :
Fnr the purchase of clothing, per tenth article of
the treaty ui Octubcr 28,1867, $JO,UOO.
The reason for this amendment is precisely
the same as for the last.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line two hundred and
five 1 move to strike out "$5,000'' and to in-
sert "$8,000 so that the clause will read:
For the erection of a steam circular saw-mill, with
a grist-mil) and sMngle-machine attached, per fourth
article treaty October 28,1867, $8,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line two hutidred atid
eight I move to strike out $1,000" and to
insert "$1,500:"' so as to make the salary of
the physician for the Cheyennes and Arapa-
hoes $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
