1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. The .Resolutions will be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That J. H. Christy, having voluntarily
given countenance, counsel, and encouragement to
pel-sons engaged in armed hostility to the United
States, is not entitled to take the oath of ofFico as a
representative in this IlOusfe from the sixth C6n-
gressiomuaistrict of Georgia, or to hold a.seat therein
as such Representative.
Resolved, That John A. "Wimpy, not having re-
ceived a majority of the votes cast for Represent-
ative in this House from the sixth congressional dis-
trict of Georgia, is not entitled to a seat therein as
such Representative.
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the ques-
tion of removing political disabilities from John H.
Christy, and that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the report will be laid on the table and ordered
to be printed.
There was no objection.
election contest switzlt5h vs. anderson
Mr. STOVER. Mr. Speaker, I was not
present yesterday when the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections in the ease of Switaler VS.
Anderson was presented, and I desire now to
state that while I agree with the majority of
the committee in a portion of their report, I
entirely dissent from the resolutions as reported
and concur with the former minority report,
I may add that I shall have something to say
upon the question when the report shall be
called up.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CULLOM. This being private bill day,
I desire to inquire what committee is entitled
to be called during the morning hour?
Tho SPEAKER. The Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads has one bill undis-
posed of. When that shall have been acted on
the Committee for the District of Columbia
will next be called. The bill first in order
during the morning hour is House bill No. 860,
for the relief of Luther McNeal, late postmaster
at Lancaster, Erie county, New York. The
gentleman from California [Mr. Johnson] is
entitled to the floor on this bill.
Mr. TIFT. I ask the gentleman from Cali-
fornia to yield for a moment that I may intro-
duce a bill for reference.
Mr. ING-ERSOLL. I must object to the
gentleman yielding, on account of the con-
sumption of time during the morning hour. I
desire that the Committee for the District of
Columbia Shall be reached as soon as possible.
LUTIIElt m'nEAL. /
The House resumed, as the first business in
order during the morning hour, the c#£isidera-
tion of the bill pending at the expiration of the
morning hour last Friday, being the bill (H.
R. No. 860) for the relief of Luther McNeal,
late postmaster at Lancaster, Eriecounty, New
York : on which Mr. Johnson was entitled to
the floor.
The bill proposes to pay to Luther McNeal,
for money and postage stamps belonging to the
United States, and which were stolen from the
post office at the town of Lancaster, Erie
county, New York, while he was postmaster,
$178 35, which sum he has paid to the Gov-
ernment on settlement with the Post Office
Department; the money to be paid out of the
Post Office fund by the Postmaster General
upon McNeal making satisfactory proof that
the money and stamps were stolen without, fault
on his part.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, I apprehend
it is unnecessary for me to explain this bill
again, having made an explanation of it on
last Friday. I will state again, however, that
the committee were unanimously of the opinion
that Mr. McNeal ought to be repaid this
amount. The burglars are now serving out
their term in the penitentiary. We are satisfied
that the robbery was not the result of any care-
lessness on the partof the postmaster, but that
he used all the oare that could be used under
the circumstances. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and" the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr._ JOliNSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
court of claims.
On motion- of Mr. GARFIELD, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on Military Af-
fairs was discharged from the consideration of
the bill (F. R. No. 1646) extending^ the act of
July 4, 1864, limiting the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims, &c., to the loyal citizens of all
the States now represented in Congress; and
the^me was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
quartermaster's department.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, hy unani-
mous consent,the Committeeon Military Affair's
was also discharged from the consideration of
the communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a list of payments made and bal-
ances certified under the act of March 3,1868 ;
and the same was referred to the Committeeon
the Judiciary.
JOIIN IIEGEMAN.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on MilitaryAffairs
was also discharged from the consideration of
the memorial of John Hegeman, for the use of
his pontoon bridges; and the same was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
s. s. POTTER.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, by unani-
mous consent, the Committeeon MilitaryAffairs
was also discharged from the consideration oi
the memorial of S. S. Potter, for payment for
use of his buildings as hospitals; and the same
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
SCOTT and brindley.
On the motion of Mr.GARFIELD, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on Military Af-
fairs was also discharged from the consider-
ation of the claim of Scott & Brindley, for pay-
ment of rent of building in New Albany, Indi-
ana, for hospital purposes ; and the same was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
riley's manual.
Mr. McCULLOUGH, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a joint resolution (H. 11. No.
406) for the purchase of Riley's Manual; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
frederick schley.
Mr. THOMAS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 407)
for the relief of Frederick Schley; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
message from tile senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Ham-
Lin, one of its clerks, announced that that
body had passed a bill (H. R. No. 1Q73) to
relieve W. H. Bagley, of Wake county, North
Carolina, of political disabilities.
e. m. sargent.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads was discharged from the
consideration of the memorial of E. M. Sar-
gent ; and the same was referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
university 1'or tiie blind.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back the
bill (H. R. No. 1563) to incorporate the Uni-
versity for the Blind in the District of Colum-
bia, with an amendment in the nature of a
substitute.
The substitute was read. The preamble
recites that an effort has been put forth to es-
tablish a national institution to advance the
educational interest of the blind, by building
up a library for their use in raised letters, pre-
paring apparatus addressed to the sense of
toueh, and by erecting a university itl which
they may acquire a liberal education; that it
is desirable to secure the cooperation of the
friends ot the enterprise in every part of the
United States ; that the blind of each State
are to receive the benefits accruing from said
library and university in proportion to the
artiount of money contributed in their State ;
that with a view to promote this object boards
have been organized in various States and will
be in other States, and a general organization
is needed in order more effectually to carry
out this effort; and that said institute has been
located in the District of Columbia under the
name of the American University for the
Blind. The bill, therefore, incorporates a
board of regents to eontrol and manage the
said institution, defining their powers, &c.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is
the proposition before the House? I under-
stand there is a substitute for the bill, and I
want the substitute read.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk has just read
the substitute.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well;
then I ask to have the original bill read.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is not that rather too
late now ?
The SPEAKER. It is not; it may be asked
at any time before the passage of the bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL, My colleague is just as
factious as ever. [Laughter.]
The Clerk read the original bill.
Mr. INGEIISOLL. If I can have the atten-
tion of the House for a few minutes I will
endeavor so to explain the bill that I imagine
there will be no objection to its passage. The
whole and sole purpose of this bill is to ad-
vance the educational interests of the blind
throughout the United States. The purpose
of the bill is set out in detail in the preamble,
which perhaps has been read by many mem-
bers, and if not, they will find the whole scope
of the bill expressed in the preamble. The
committee that has had charge of this bill,
fearing that this institution if located in the
District of Columbia might become a charge on
the United States Government, struck out that
portion of the first section of the bill contained
between lines eight and twelve, as follows:
Together with one other person to be appointed
by tho President, one by tho Chief Justice, one by
the President of tho Senate, and two by tho Speakor
of the Houseof Representatives of the United States
of America.
We struck out those words for the purpose
of disconnecting this institution entirely from
the Government, so that it will stand now aaa
benevolent institution organized by the friends
of the blind throughout the United States,
selecting the District of Columbia as a sort of
neutral ground between the North and tho
South, the East and the West, with the sole pur-
pose of promoting the educational interests of
the blind. It can in no event become a charge
upon the Government of the United States, for
it is entirely disconnected from the Govern-
ment ; not like the institution for the deaf and
dumb or for the insane located within the Dis-
trict of Columbia; they have become charges
upon the Government, and were so intended at
their organization. But this institution is in-
tended to be supported by contributions from
benevolent and philanthropic persons through-
out the United States without any claim what-
everuponthe Government of the UnitedStates.
The feature of the bill which has been stricken
out by the committee was perhaps liable to an
objection, for the reason that if the President
of the United States could appoint one of the
trustees, the Vice President one, the Speaker
of the House two, and the Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court one, it would connect it so for
with the Government, and might be made the
basis of a claim against the Government for
some aid. This bill disconnects the institution
