1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
134?
and I act on the judgment of the Honse as fur-
nishing a reasonable presumption against the
absence of evidence on the other side.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to suggest to the
chairman of the committee whether xt would not
be satisfactory all around to make the appro-
priation $5,000 for goods and $20,000 for
transportation? [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
how the Indians might come out under those
circumstances.
Mr. CORBETT. I am not particularly in-
formed about this particular case ; but I know-
that in many sections of the country the cost
of transportation into the interior very much
exceeds the original cost of the goods. We
have taken the estimate of the Department in
this ease. They say that heretofore it has re-
quired the amount of money we have named.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. RAMSEY. Well, Mr. President, if the
Indian office say that it is absolutely necessary
to pay more for this transportation than $5,000
why should we rob the Indians of this portion
of their annuities ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The question is
not now open.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I move a reconsid-
eration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator is
not in a condition to move that. I hardly
think he voted with the majority:.
Mr. HARLAN. I suggest to my honorable
friend from Minnesota that he can renew the
amendment in the Senate, if he chooses to
do so.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well.
Mr. HARLAN. After line four hundred
and ninety-five I move to insert the following:
For payment of annuity to Chickasaws, per act
of February 25,1799, and tenth article of teaty, July
10,1868. lor the fiscal years ending June 30,1869, and
June 30, 1870, $6,000.
This is an appropriation for two years. The
appropriation was omitted last year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
to hear some authority for that.
Mr. HARLAN. I have a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior on the subject, which
probably will explain it. I ask that it may be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. C., February 2, 1869.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy
of a communication, dated the 23d ultimo, from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, inclosing a copy of
a letter from the Chickasaw commissioners, in rela-
tion to an annuity of $3,000 to which the Chickasaws
are entitled under the act of Congress of 25th Feb-
ruary. 1799, and the tenth article of the treaty of
July 10,1866, with the Choctaw and Chickasaw tribes.
The attention of Congress is respectfully invited
to the subject, with the request that the sum of §6,000
be inserted in House bill No. 1738, recently reported
by the Committee on Appropriations, for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the Chickasaws, in accord-
ance with said actof Congress and treaty referred to,
for the eurren t fiscal year and for the fiscal year end-
in? the 30th June, 1870.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
0. H. BROWNING,
Secretary.
Hon. B. F. Wade,
President pro tempore. United States Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I have another letter here
from the Commissioner on the subject.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
the letter read is any sufficient explanation of
the amendment. It purports to be based on a
law, and I should like to see the law. I have
seen it, but I think it does not support the
claim.
Mr. HARLAN. The letter of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs refers to volume four
of the statutes, page 779. The Senator has
the statutes on his desk.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It must be vol-
ume one.
Mr. HARLAN. Perhaps it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the subject on
which this operates? I have the book open
before me.
Mr. HARLAN. I will ask the Secretary to
read the Commissioner's letter. I think that
will explain it fully.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the fol-
lowing letter:
Department or the Interior.
Office op Indian Affaibs,
Washington, D. C„ January 29,1869.
Sir : I have the honor to Inclose herewith a copy
of a letter from Holmes Colbert and Colbert Carter,
Chickasaw commissioners, dated the 23d instant, rel-
ative to an annuity of $3,000, to which the Chickasaws
are entitled under the act of 25th of February, 1799,
and the tenth article of the treaty of July 10, I860,
with the Choctaws and Chickasaws, stating the object
for which said annuity has been used, and requesting
that a special estimate of appropriation be .sub-
mitted to Congress for the amount due the present
fiscal year and the coming one.
This item 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That will do.
It is not necessary to read any farther. I have
the statute before me, and I call the attention
of Senators to what this proposition rests upon.
It purports now to rest on the treaty of 1866,
in this language:
" The United States reaffirms all obligations arising
out of the treaty stipulations or acts of legislation
with regard to the Choctaw and Chiekasawnations."
That is it substantially. I will not read any
further. The estimates referto this law, passed
in 1799, as the obligation which is reaffirmed
by the treaty, in these words:
"Be it enacted, &e„ That for the purpose of defray-
ing the expenses which may arise in carrying into
effect the following treaties." * * * *
"A treaty concluded with the Creeks at theeity'of
New York on the 7th day of April, 1790; and a fur-
ther treaty with the said Creeks, concluded at Cole-
raine, in the State of Georgia, on the 29th of June,
1796; a treaty made and concluded with the chiefs
and warriors of the Six Nations on the 11th of No-
vember, 1794"-—
Now comes the point—
"an agreement made and entered into with the chiefs
of the Chickasaw nation in Philadelphia on the 15th
of July, 1794, to pay the eaid nation goods to the
amount of S3.000 annually."
It seems that in 1799 Congress passed an act
by which it recognized as existing at that time
or theretofore an agreement to pay this tribe
$3,000. That was in 1799, remember. In
1866 we entered into a treaty stipulation by
which we agree, in the language of the treaty,
to reaffirm all obligations; but was this an
existing obligation in 1866? That does not
appear, but non constat, though it did exist in
1799, it did not therefore by necessity in 1866.
Therefore I say that this treaty and this law of
1799 do not sustain, in my judgment, the esti-
mates ; and the Committee on Appropria-
tions did not insert the appropriation for that
reason.
Mr. HARLAN. I regret to differ with my
honorable friend, and will state some facte
which he has not stated. Previous to the war,
from the date of this agreement the amount
has been appropriated year by year, and since
the war it has been appropriated each year until
last year. The matter named in the statutes
is " goodsbut these Indians have with the
consent of the Government diverted it from
that purpose to the support of a school; and
it therefore constituted their school fund from
that time down to the beginning of the war,
and since the close of the war until last year;
and on acount of the absence of the appropria-
tion last year they were compelled, as I have
been informed, to abandon their school. Now,
whether this obligation was abrogated abso-
lutely during the war or not I will not under-
take to argue, but during the war the appro-
priation was made year by year, and confis-
cated virtually and applied to the support of
the Union refugee Indians, who were then re-
siding in the State of Kansas ; so that this ap-
propriation has been made continuously from
the year named in the statute up to last year.
It was applied for school purposes up to the
beginning of &e war, and during the war it
was applied by the Government to the support
of the Union refugee Indians, and since then
has been applied to the reinstatement of their
school.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
that the fact that it was estimated for and
appropriated for in 1867 throws any light
upon the construction of these statutes. It
still must rest on the statute of 1799. The
phraseology of that statute is:
''An agreement made and entered into witli the
chiefs of the Chiekasaw nation in Philadelphia On
the ISth of July, 1794, to pay to the saKl nation gooi
to the amount of $3,000 annually."
That is all there is of it. That 18 the author-
ity. Now, what does that mean ? Congress
in 1799 recognized the existence of an obliga*
tion by which that Congress made an appro,-
priation of $3,000 to meet a theretofore exist'
ingobligation. Does the treaty of 1866 intend
to revive all obligations -which had ever'ex-
isted betweeenthe Chickasaws and the United
States prior to that time? I think not. I
think the fair inference arising from the treaty
is, that in 1866 the United States intended to
say "We reaffirm all the obligations that were
existing between the Chickasaws and the
United Stateswheatheir relations were broken
off." I do not think it intended to go back tp
1799, or to allow them to go back to 1799, to
base an obligation on what might, so far as I
I know, have become an entirely obsolete
statute.
Mr. HARLAN. I either misapprehend the
Senator's argument or I would almost doubt
his seriousness. He admits that an agreement
was entered into at Philadelphia in 1794 be-
tween the United States and the Indians.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Oh, no; tie
Senator doe's not understand me. I say that
the law of 1799 recognized that before that
time an agreement had existed, and it so rec-
ognized the fact as to appropriate $3,000 that
year on that basis; but there is hot a word in
the law which justifies the inference that they
intended to continue it beyond that period.
Mr. HARLAN. The language is;
"An agreement made and entered into with the
chiefs of the Chickasaw nation, in Philadelphia, on
the 15th of July, 1794, to pay to the said nation goods
to the amouDt of $3,000 annually."
I suppose that means year by year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But that, my
honorable friend mast remember, is simply
restating the character of the theretofore ex-
isting agreement. Allow me to read the title
of the act of 1799:
"An act making appropriations for defraying the
expenses which may arise in carrying into effect cer-
tain treaties betweeen the United States and several
tribes or nations of Indians."
It was an act making appropriations for that
single year—not for all future time, but sim-
ply an act making appropriations for the year
1799.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not see that the Sen-
ator's explanation militates against the argu-
ment that I intended to present. The Govern-
ment had previous to 1799, according to the
Senator's rendering, made an agreement with
these Indians by whieh they were entitled to
$3,000 annually. Then by that act this and
other obligations are affirmed; and placing and
rendering the contract thus renewed under that
statute the Government itself has paid them
this annuity from year to year for sixty years,
up to the beginning of the war; and even then
it was not abrogated by any official action of
the Government save this: that a law was
passed authorizing the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to divert this $3,000 with other sums of
money due these Indians for the temporary
support ef Union refugee Indians. This diver-
sion was made, thus recognizing the legal obli-
gation which existed at the beginning of the
war; and at the close of the war the Govern-
ment recognized the preexisting obligations in
a treaty that was solemnly made; and under
that treaty Congress has by law appropriated
the $8,000 for one or two years, and only omit-
ted it last year. We are bound, therefore, to
conclude that Congress did not intend to abro-
gate this contract made ia 1794. reaffirmed by
the statutes of 1799, recognized from year to
year in the appropriation bills for more than
half a century up to the beginning of the war,
recognized during the war from year to year,
and since the war up to last year: and I
should think, even if there were a doubt about
its having been thus construed by the Govern-
