1348
TE[E CONGRESSIONAL RLOBE.
February 18,
ment itself for year after year for more than
1ialf a ccntury, it is too late for the Govern-
ment to come in and plead that the Govern-
ment did not understand its own contract pre-
viously made with these Indians, and especially
when it is for a beneficial object of this kind.
If $3,000 must be pinched off from these Indians
take it from something else than their school
fund.
Air- MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to the
Senator that he had better not divide the Sen-
ate on this proposition, as it is so thin now.
Mr.-H ARLAN. I hope the amendment will
be adopted unanimously.
; Mr. MQSRILL, pf Maine. . I <Jo not see
much prospect of that.
•'Th<? PRESIDING OFFICER.. Does the
.Senator from Iowa withdraw the amendment?
■ Mr-. MORRILL, of I hope he will
do so. He can renew it by, and by.
, • Mr. HARLAN. I .suppose itwould.be wise
for me to permit it to be passed over.
The PRESip.ING OFFIQEB. It will be
parsed over. It can bo renewed iu the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have instructed me to move to strike
out "$270" and insert "$37Q;" so that the
clause will read:
£<ir iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure of
tho President, \><sr fifth artieto treaty 14th Jobruary,
1833, and fifth article treaty ttlt August; 1850, $370.
' The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. After line six hundred and
seventeen, I move to insert tho following:
i'or this amount required to pay the exponse of
taking n consusand investigating tlio claims ofloyal
refasoe Indinns and froivlmon, per fourth article of
treaty Juno 14,186ti, 82,300.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
see that article,
Mr. HARLAN. I can explain what this
proposition is, and we can look up the treaty
afterward, if it is necessary. In the treaty of
I860 a provision was made to pay for damages
done to property of the loyal portion of the
Creek's permanent fund, la order to make
this apportionment of ahout oue hundred thou-
sand dollars, I think it was, it'becomes neces-
sary to take a careful census of both the loyal
and disloyal Creeks, in order that a just award
shall be made. This is a large tribe of Indiaua.
1 have forgotten the exact number. I am in-
formed there arc some fifteen thousand of them.
The appropriation asked for by the Department
is but $2,600 to pay tho salaries and expenses
of the commission to take this census.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not see
that that is estimated for.
Mr. HARLAN. It came in-, I think, ia a
subsequent estimate. It is a special estimate.
1 have here the article of the treaty.
Mr, MORRILL, ol Maine. 3 have never
seen those special estimates. There do not
seom to be any estimates on which to base this
item,
■ Mr, HARLAN. There was a special esti-
mate made and sent into the Senate and re-
ferred to tho committee. I have not got it on
my desk, but I can have it in a few minutes if
the Senator desires it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then it was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Perhaps we had better pass tho amendment
pver l'or the present.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to havo«*-ead the
letter of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
communicated to the Senate by the Secretary
of the Interior.
I he Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Department op the Interior,
Office oj? Indi is Afpaibs.
o mi Wasuixqton, D. C., Jnnuaru 0, 1W39.
ii i'w ,_te,v.fo.?rt??nt'? article of tho treaty of June
i t, with tho Creeks (see Statutos-at-Larfro, vol.
iiinJ nfffi't ®f ypmediate|y a'ter the' ratifi-
cUnitedatatcsshall ascertain
;i fh? SJL™? a"5 respe°tivo soldiers who enliated
in toe lederal Army, loyal refugee Indians, and
freedinen, in proportion to their several losses, and
pay the amount awarded each. Tu do this i pensjis
of the Creeks is to be taken by the agent for the said
Indians, and a roll of the names of all soldiers, loyal
refugee Indians, and freedmen ia to be made by him.
Xho superintendent of Indian affairs for the south-
ern suponntendency and the agent for the Creek
nation are to investigate and determine from said
rolls the amounts due the respective refugee Indians,
and transmit, to this ofliee for the approval of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and that of the Sec-
retary of the Interior their awards, together with
their reasons therefor. Delay in acting upon the
provisions of said article lias been caused by various
reasons, but principally for want of funds to defray
the traveling and other expenses that would neces-
sarily be incurred by tho asent in taking the census
and preparing the roll, and by the superintendent
and agent in investigating and determining from
said roll the amounts due the respective refugee
Indians.
Agent Dunn has submitted an estimate of the
funds required to pay the expenses of taking such
census and investigating the claims of loyal Creeks,
refugees, and freedmen, amounting to $2,960. This
sum is believed to be larger than will be required
for the purpose, and it is thought $2,500 will prove
sufficient. I have therefore caused to be prepared
an estimate of appropriation required for the pur-
pose aforesaid, and respectfully request that tho
same be laid before Congress for its action.
N. U. TAYLOR,
Commissioner. :
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think the
treaty is sufficient authority for taking the cen-
sus, and it is authority undoubtedly for an
appropriation to pay the expenses to some
extent. But it speaks of this census being
taken by the agent of the Indians ; and I sub-
mit to the Senator from Iowa, if he can tell
me, whether one half the sum he proposes will
not be adequate. I move to amend the amend-
ment by reducing it one half, or I will say
§1,500.
Mr. HARLAN. I doubt whether that will
be enough.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, It is simply to pay
the expenses of the commission. Tho agent is
to take the census, and the agent is already un-
der pay by tho Government; and $1,500 ought
to be sufficient to pay the expenses of a com-
mission, it seems to me, in taking the census
of fourteen thousand Indians.
Mr. HARLAN. Well, Mr. President, at all
events the residue can bo brought into a defi-
ciency bill I suppose, if that is not enough, and
1 will consent to the Senator's amendment.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment,
making the appropriation $1,500 instead of
$2,500.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer now an amendment
which contains several items, and I call the
attention of the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations to the reading
of it, and we can have it considered each item
separately if he prefers. T may state generally
that it is in pursuance of a treaty negotiated by
the peacc commission. It is after line six hun-
dred and twenty-nine to insert the following:
For first of thirty installments to supply male
poisons over fourteen years of ago with a .suit of
good, substantial woolen clothing, consisting of a
coat, hat, pantnlooDS, flannel shirts, and woolen
over twelve years of ago with a flannel skirt or the
goods necessary to make the same, a pair of wooleu
hose, twelve yards ofealk-o.and twelve yards of cot-
ton domestics, por ninth article treaty, Ma v 7,1808, lor
the fiscal ye.ir ending .) uiio ;J0,18/11, io.OOti.
For first of thirty installments to supply tho boys
nnd pjrls under (heaves named such flannel and cot-
ton goods as m y be needed to m«ke each a suit as
atorosuid, together with a pair of woolen hose for
each, por ninth article treat v, May 7, 180S, for the
fiscal year ending June 30,1870, $ 1,500.
"<>r fit.st often installments to be used by the See-
rotary of tho Interior in thepurohaseof suoli articios
a- fi'pm tuuo to time thecondition and necessities of
the Indians may indicate to be proper, the sum of ten
dollars tor each Indian, numbering nineteen hunJ
dred and fifty-three souls, per ninth article treaty,
KA'V: 18°3; !or Uie (lscal 5'ear ending JuneSO, 1870,
$19,530, making tho total appropriation $39,030.
M.1'. RAMSEY. I call the attention of the
chairman of the committee to the fact that the
Senator from Kansas, [Mr, Pomeroy,] who
usually has charge of the equal rights of women
under the law, is now iu the chair, and that, in
this appropriation there is but a provision of
about one half for the women of this nation
that is made for the men. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
have the amendment read again.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. MORIIILL, of Maine. I ask the Senator
from Iowa on what that is based ?
Mr. HARLAN. A census was made by the
agent on which the estimate was based. The
papers are all here, the letter of the Secretary
and of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, with
the estimates, if the honorable Senator desires
to have them read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand it
is based on the estimate of the agent.
. Mr. HARLAN. The census was taken by
the agent, and the estimate is ma.de in the
Department, under the provisions of the treaty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On the census?
Mr. HARLAN. On his census.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will ask the
Senator if this is the article of the treaty under
which it falls? [Exhibiting a volume.]
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose that to be the
article on which the last item is based.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It reads in this
way:
"And in addition to tho clothing herein named,
the sum of ten dollars shall be annually appropri-
ated for each Indian roaming."
Mr. HARLAN. To explain that somewhat
singular phraseology it ought to be mentioned
that the peace commission were expected to
induce the Indians to settle down and engage
in pastoral and agricultural pursuits; but as
they had been, up to the date of the treaty,
roaming Indians, Indians living chiefly by the
pursuits of the chase, it was not believed that
all of them could be induced to settle down on
agricultural lands and make a living from tho
fruits of the soil; and therefore provision is
made to supply iu part the wants of those who
may continue to hunt. ' There is, I think, in
the same treaty, a provision permitting these
Indians to hunt, so long as they can do so
without interfering with the settlements. So
long as outside lands, outside of the reservation,
may not be occupied by settlements, and may
beoccupied by game, they may hunt the gaino.
It was thought, however, that ten dollars a
year would not be more than enough to remu-
nerate them lor the loss they must necessarily
sustain by the construction of railroads and
the rapidly encroaching settlements on their
former hunting lands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not see but
that the treaty authorizes this appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest, to save
words, that the words " for the year ending
June 30,1870" are surplusage there and might
as well be struck out, because those words arc
contained in the enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. Perhaps it will be safer to
let them stand, because there are some amend -
ments that will be offered that may apply, if
the Senate should adopt them, to the present
year.
Mi*. MORRILL, of Maine. Verv well.
Mr. HARLAN. After line six hundred and
thirty-six Imove to insert the following amend-
ment from the Committee on Indian Affairs.
It seeras to have been omitted, like the pre-
vious amendment, but it is provided for .spe-
cifically iu the treaty:
For the construction of a school-house or minion
buUding, per third article tro^ty May 7, 1#63, $2,GOO.
lor the erection pf a steam circular saw-iuill, wil h
a grist-mill and shingle-machine attached, per third
article treaty May 7, i&H $8,000.
^X^oi^ahiryo^iphysiciiiiii, per tenth article treaty
For pay of carpenter, farmer, blacksmith, miller,
and engineer, per tenth artielo treaty May 7. 1S03,
§5,200. *
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
have the authority for that.
Mr. HARLAN. The third article of the
treaty with the Crows reads as follows:
'The United States agrees, at its own proper ex-
pense, to construct on the south side of the Yellow-
Stone, near utter creek, a warehouse or sforehou^cfor
Indians"— ftgent in storin£ goods belonging to the
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Your first item
is for the construction of a school-house.
