m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 11,
Ho. of Reps.
Question of Privilege—Mr. Shellabarger.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
to count, no agreement to count, nothing that
comes to a count can, by any rules or contriv-
ance, be made to occur except in that pres-
ence and body or convention made up of the
three elements I have named, to wit, a Presi-
dent of the Senate, a Senate, and a House of
Representatives. Thus far, Mr. Speaker, there
is no room for doubt or debate.
Now, sir, what conclusion does that bring us
to ? To this : first, that there can be no au-
thority given by law or otherwise, resolution
or otherwise, that a count shall be made up
by the separate constituencies, acting as dis-
tinct or separate bodies, that make up the con-
vention in whose presence a count is to be made.
It follows from this inevitably that no concur-
rent or joint resolution, no act of Congress,can
be law which shall resolve these elements mak-
ing up the convention that makes the con-
stitutional count, and which sends them to
make the count in their separate Chambers as
separate bodies. It is therefore exactly im-
possible that this provision of the Constitution
can be made by the aid of any concurrent reso-
lution or rule, or even act of Congress, to per-
mit either the Senate or the House or the Pres-
ident of the Senate to separate and go to
themselves and by themselves adopt any form
of order or decision which shall render it im-
possible for the joint convention when reas-
sembled to count any one of the States.
Next, Mr. Speaker, I come to the question
who it is in the convention that makes the
count; and I here venture to state this as a
proposition which I stand upon, with an un-
affected deference to the opinions of other
gentlemen, and yet I state it with very great
confidence, that that count, in the absence of
legislation upon the subject, is to be made by
the President of the Senate. Why? First,
Mr. Speaker, because that seems to be the nat-
ural sense of the Constitution. It provides
that the opening shall be by the President him-
self. It provides simply that it shall be done
in a particular presence, not giving any office
or duties to that presence of the Senate and
House of Representatives, except that they
shall be present. It does assign a particular
duty to the President of the Senate in opening
the votes, and there it stops, it is true; but
taken in connection it seems natural to me that
it should be supposed that he is to do the
counting.
I know the difficulty that we will encounter
from this position, that it gives very great power
to the President of the Senate; but it will be
seen that there are difficulties whichever way
we turn—difficulties pointed out by Justice Story
in the language which I have read to the House.
The danger of giving the power to reject the
votes to either or both Houses, in at least some
views, is even greater than in giving it to the
President of the Senate, because by rejecting the
votes the Senate and House can throw, by their
own act, the election of the President into
the House and of the Vice President into the
Senate.
Another reason why I think it probable that
under the present state of the legislation upon
this subject, and in the absence of the twenty-
second joint rule, or if it be invalid, the Pres-
ident of the Senate is to make the count in the
presence of the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, is that the act of Congress of 1792 so
indicates. This act is older than the twelfth
amendment itself—for that twelfth amendment
was brought into existence by reason of the
difficulty that occurred at the election by the
House of Representatives of Mr. Jefferson in
1801, as is stated in Story's Commentaries,
section fourteen hundred and sixty-six. The
fifth section of that act of 1792 provides—
" That Congress shall be in session on the second
Wednesday in February, 1793, and on the second
Wednesday in February'succeeding every meeting
of the electors, and the said certificates, or so many
of them as shall have been received, shall then be
opened, the votes counted, and the personswho shail
fill the offices of President and Vice President ascer-
tained and declared agreeably to the Constitution."
The use that I make of this section is simply
that it will be seen here that the statute declares
that certain things shall be done. One is that
the votes shall be opened ; another is that they
shall be counted. The Constitution says who
shall do the opening, and therefore we are not
in doubt about that. But that statute connects
the opening and counting together, seemingly
making it the act of one and the same instru-
mentality. But as we know that one of these
acts—the opening—must, by the Constitution,
be the act of the President of the Senate, and as
the statute seems to require the person who does
that to do the counting also, it thereby seems
to indicate that the President of the Senate
counts the votes. This is of. course an argu-
ment not conclusive; it is only persuasive. But
now I turn to another authority, which is more
than persuasive in the absence of higher law.
I turn to that man who is recognized by us all
as one of the masters, not only of our Ameri-
can law, our constitutional law, but of the
civilized world's common and international
law ; I allude to Chancellor Kent. In his com-
mentaries on this part of the Constitution he
uses this language:
"The President of the Senate on the second "Wed-
nesday in February succeeding every meeting of the
electors, in the presence of both Houses of Congress,
opens all the certificates, and the votes are then to
bo counted. The Constitution does not expressly
dcclaro by Whom the votes are to bo counted and the
result declared. Jn the ease of questionable votes
and a closely contested election, this power may be
ail important; and, I presume, in the absence of ail
legislative provisions on the subject that the Presi-
dent of the Senate counts the votes and determines
the result, and that the two Houses are present only
as spectators to witness the fairness and accuracy of
the transaction, and to act only if no choico be made
by the electors."
There, sir, for the purposes of my argument
to-day I leave this proposition. It is a prop-
osition, that commends itself to my own judg-
ment as a sound one, one vindicated by the
most illustrious private opinions that are obtain-
able in this country. The use I shall make of
that proposition will appear more fully as I
proceed. It is sufficient for me to say here
that if Chancellor Kent be indeed not mis-
taken, and if the President of the Senate "in
the absence of all legislative provision on the
subject"—and I am now assuming that the
twenty-second rule is invalid, because it de-
prives, as would seem, everybody of all power
to count any State if either the Senate or House
should by its separate vote refuse to count it—
then, instead of the President of the Senate
having been guilty of "an act of oppression
and an invasion of the privileges of this
House," it was an invasion of the powers and
solemn duties of that officer for this House by
its separate vote to attempt to compel him not
to set down the vote of Georgia in the way he
did set it down, provided that way was not
evidently "unfair" or dishonest.
Let us go now to consider the consequences
which will logically be absolutely inevitable
from holding that a separate vote of this House
shall be permitted to estop both the President
of the Senate and the Senate, and the joint con-
vention of President of Senate, the Senate, and
the House, each, all, and either, from ever set-
ting aside the decision of this House that Georgia
should notbecounted. For, mark you, thatif the
President of the Senate has grossly oppressed
and invaded the privileges of this House, it
has been done by denying this House the priv-
ilege of refusing by its separate vote to reject
the vote of a State for President. Suppose
that each House separately may proceed to
ascertain and decide upon the counting or not
counting of the vote of any State, what con-
sequences will follow from it? They have
been in part stated already by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] in what I
have already quoted in vindication of the posi-
tion that he takes, that it will enable the Sen-
ate or the House, either and each, to defeat
the election absolutely and in every case of
any President, and this for partisan or for
worse than partisan purposes. That is so evi-
dent that to state it is to prove it. Indeed, the
gentleman from Massachusetts, who proposes
this most severe and extraordinary censure,
has exclaimed himself more than I can ex-
claim against the frightful consequences which
would come from permitting one or either
House of Congress to get by itself and there, in
separate session, by the,per capita vote of its
individual members, without debate, vote out
the decision of the people of any and every
State in selecting the Chief Magistrate of the
Republic.
This, then, Mr. Speaker, brings us to again
direct attention to the logical and startling
consequences of our here declaring that the
President of the Senate has been guilty of an
act of usurpation and outrage. Outrage in
refusing to do what? In refusing to permit
the House of Representatives by its own sep-
arate vote to defeat (if the case had been, as it
might be, of that sort) the election of a Presi-
dent at all; and that is an exceedingly possible
case, and one that could have readily occurred
at the time of the count of Mr. Clay's last vote
for the Presidency. And when the privileges
of the House are declared by this resolution to
have been invaded, it is material for us to know
what those privileges so invaded are. The priv-
ilege invaded is the very one the supposed ex-
istence of which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts himself denounced as one of the most
fearful suppositions that could be conceived.
The power of the House which has been invaded
is that power which would enable this House
to elect every President, or else to defeat the
election of every one. This is the only power
that the House has sought to exercise. The act
of oppression is in refusing not to obey the
separate order of this House, by counting Geor-
gia's vote in the way it was.
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Not now ; after
I have concluded my remarks I will yield to
the gentleman .for a question if I have time.
Now, I agree, therefore, with what I under-
stood was most earnestly said by the gentleman
from Massachusetts himself, that the House has
not the power to determine, by itself whether
the vote of any State shall or shall not ba
counted ; and therefore no power of this House
or privilege of this House has been invaded,
for no such power did in fact exist. T do not
allude, in all I have or shall say, to what was
done by the President of the Senate in the
matter of not entertaining the gentleman'-sap-
peal, because the resolution does not allude to
or complain of that, but of counting Georgia
in the way it was counted. The mistake of
the President was in not ruling the gentleman's
objection to counting Georgia to be out of order
when it was made. It was clearly his duty,
under the concurrent resolution of the 6th
of this month, to have done that at the time
the objection was made, because then it was
known that the vote of Georgia did not change
the result, and it was therefore known that
that resolution required Georgia to be set down
in the specific manner pointed out by the con-
current resolution. But theM'act that he did
not rule it out of order then and did order the
Senate to retire, and the fact that the Senate
sustained what the President had declared in
convention, when the gentleman made the ob-
jection, that he was inclined to hold the Houses
to their own rule as to what should be done
about Georgia, and the fact that the Senate
went out, and the fact that it voted the objec-
tion to be out order, and the fact that the
President, on the return of the Senate, said
that the Senate had voted the objection to be not
in order—-I say these facts all put together or
taken separately did not add to or take from the
power and duty of the President of the Senate
to decide, at any and all times, that as Geor-
gia's vote did not change the result it should
be entered according to the command of our
