1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173
40th Cong...,3d Sess.
Question of Privilege—Mr. Shellabarger.
Ho. oi? Reps.
concurrent resolution. The error of the Pres-
ident was one committed on the invitation of
the gentleman from Massachusetts in permit-
ting the Senate to withdraw ; but that took
away no power given by the concurrent resolu-
tion. But this is aside from the question. I
consider that the counting of Georgia was an
invasion ot'the privileges of the House. There
is another consideration which makes the dan-
ger of holding that the separate vote of this
House can defeat the power of the President and
the joint convention of the two Houses to count
any one of the States so clear that it will strike
us as does the sunlight at noonday. It is this :
this House, if it have the power by rejecting
the vote of a State, may throw the election of
the President into its own body, for it goes into
the House of Representatives whenever no
candidate shall have received the votes of a ma-
jority of all the electors appointed. It will ena-
ble the House to take away from a candidate
really having a majority of the electoral votes
the votes of a single State or of several States,
thus reducing his vote below a majority; and
in that way you give to the House the power to
turn into its own body in every case the elec-
tion of the Chief Magistrate. It is only neces-
sary to call attention to such a consequence
and its resulting danger to make it absolutely
appalling, and drive us with one common in-
stinct and consent from it. The idea that it
could have been the intention of the framers of
the Constitution to so frame it that this House
alone should have the power in every case not
only to defeat the choice of the entire nation
in the election of the highest and most power-
ful magistrate of the nation, and that they should
be invited to do so by a bribe put into the Con-
stitution rewarding the House for this defeat of
the people's will, by giving to it the selection of
that magistrate, is so preposterous and shock-
ing as that it is incapable of argument. And
yet if any privilege of this House has been in-
vaded, as the gentleman's resolution says,
then it is this privilege of the House to do that
identical and monstrous thing!
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The
House itself, according to the gentleman's own
authority, may defeat the election by with-
drawing from the convention and not returning.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. It may be well
enough for me to say right here, in reply to the
suggestion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, what I meant to say in another place.
He is shrewd and learned and knows how to
put things. But, while he is all that, he also
knows right well how useless and impotent,
when we are discussing with intelligent men,
is the supposition of extreme and unsupposable
cases. The case that the gentlemen supposes,
that the House has the right to retire and break
up the joint convention, is simply to suppose
the case of blank, unmitigated revolution ; is to
suppose an act done in defiance of the plain,
express provision of the Constitution, for it
commands that the House shall meet with the
Senate and its President, and that then, in this
presence, the vote shall be counted. To sup-
pose that the House would leave, break up the
convention, and defeat the election, is to sup-
pose that the Representatives of all the people
have decided to overthrow their Government.
It would be shorter and equally sensible to
suppose that the people had refused entirely
to vote, or that no electoral college had been
created, or any other thing that would bring
the Government to an end. The gentleman,
of course, sees how different the case he sup-
poses is from the case his position in the argu-
mentsupposes, namely, that the framers of the
Constitution deliberately put it into the Con-
stitution that the House of Representatives
alone should have power to defeat the people's
election of their President and then elect one
themselves!
If the true interpretation of the twenty-second
joint rule is that no vote shall be counted until
both Houses, by separate vo'tes, concur in de-
ciding that it shall be, then it is plainly void as
in conflict with that provision of the Consti-
tution which requires in so many words that
every act that enters into and makes a count-
ing of the votes shall be in the presence of the
two Houses—"the votes shall then bacounted.''
What I have now said results in this, that if
the gentleman be right in declaring our own
concurrent resolution of the 6th of February,
1869, unconstitutional, and not a justification
of what the President of the Senate did, then
his resolution is not aided by its abrogation,
because it is impossible to hold that this House
had the privilege byits separate vote, in its sepa-
rate Hall and out of the presence of the Senate
and its President, to count or to refuse to count
Georgia. The House having no such privilege
to be violated, the President of the Senate did
not violate it. And yet this is the only priv-
ilege of this House which the gentleman's res-
olution says thePresidentof the Senate violated.
I surely cannot be mistaken in this, sir. If I
am not, the President is entitled to'his coun-
try's gratitude—and markit, sir, he will receive
it—for delivering his country from the peril
into which we had fallen.
Now, that brings me to an inquiry in regard
to what occurred yesterday. We did take a
separate vote here in the House upon the
question of receiving the vote of the State of
G eorgia. Against receiving that vote the great
body of this House, including myself, voted.
How came we to do t.hat, it may be asked, if
this was not, as I have argued, a constitutional
method of the exercise of this House's power
(granting it has some) of counting the vote of
Georgia? The answer to that is to be found in
two considerations. In the first place there
was no other privilege left to the members of
this House to vote at all except the privilege
of voting in the separate meetings of the two
bodies. Whether it would have been wiser
for a member of this House who did not re-
gard as constitutional that provision of the
twenty-second joint rule which separated the
two Houses and compelled the members, if
they voted at all, to vote alone in separate
bodies to have remained silent, or whether it
was better for each to vote according to his
convictions of what he ought to do if in a con-
vention of the two Houses, is a question upon
which I do not propose now to enter. It is
sufficient for the purpose of this case to say
that the votes which were cast in the House
were such votes as we ought to cast in conven-
tion, if we had been permitted to vote there
at all, a privilege which we did not have.
Whether we erred in casting the vote or not,
I need not debate. To have been silent would
have, as things were compelled to be con-
ducted if the twenty-second rule were enforced,
resulted in forever preventing the count or
rejection in any way of Georgia, and thus it
would have defeated the determination and
official announcement of the election of the
President of the United States.
I wish now to inquire for a moment whether
the vote of Georgia is one which ought to
have been counted by any body under any cir-
cumstances. Sir, I maintain that if it be not
the law, as Kent says it is, in the absence of
legislation, that the President of the joint con-
vention shall do the counting ; and if, on the
other hand, it be true that the joint body in
convention counts the vote, then the vote of
yesterday was a proper vote, had it been cast
in convention. And this is the true defense
of the vote cast by the House yesterday. Why
do I say that it was the vote that we ought to
have cast ? I will put a single case to show
that it is impossible that there should not be
the power to do, in some way what we attempt-
ed yesterday to do touching Georgia, to wit,
to exclude the vote for one of the reasons as-
signed in the objections of the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
I have already read the provision of the
Constitution that authorizes the State Legisla-
tures to prescribe the manner of choosing
electors. Now, the State of Ohio has pre-
scribed, under this provision of the Constitu-
tion, that the choosing of the presidential
electors shall be by a popular vote. Suppose
that there had been sent up to us from Ohio a
certificate showing upon its face th at the electors
were chosen by the Legislature of Ohio, now in
session, and that we had been asked to count
that vote. Is there a gentleman on either
side of the House who will say, that in this
matter of counting, we couid not, or that some-
body could not (whoever may have the power
to count) reject such a vote sent from Ohio?
Everybody will say it is impossible that we
should be required to count such a vote, which
on its face is shown to be one that in law has
no significance. The power must exist some-
where to reject such a vote. And here, sir, I
affirm, once for all, that the thing into which
the power that can count this vote is permitted
to look in deciding whether a vote shall be
counted is the same into which, under similar
law, all canvassing officers can look, namely,
whether the papers which they inspect, being
genuine and legally certified and executed,
show that such an election was held or vote
given as is authorized by law, and duly show
its result.
Now, how was the case we voted on yester-
day ? I have already shown from Justice Story
the reason why the Constitution has wisely re-
quired that the vote in each State should be
cast "on the same day throughout the Union."
By the same authority I show that this is a
matter of substa.nce. and not merely directory ;
that it goes to the very question whether there
has been an election of electors. It shows it
to be of identically the same substance that
these electors should vote on the day prescribed
for the holding of their election as it is that the
people of the State should vote for these elect-
ors on the day the law says they shall cast
their votes. This act of the electors is not a
ministerial act. Their minds are open and free
to make the choice they want to make on the
day fixed by law for that choice, and they have
a right when they meet in the capitals of our
respective States to cast their votes for whom
they please as President, if the person voted
for has the constitutional qualifications, and if
they do not take both the President and the
Vice President from the State in which the
electors reside. The act of the electors in
casting their votes is therefore an election ; and
if the vote be cast on the wrong day, it is just
as mischievous, just as fatal with regard to the
validity of their action as if the people had met
on the wrong day to exercise their choice. I
think we all agree about that. Hence I hold
that I and my tellow-Republicans voted rightly
yesterday so far as regards the hierits of the
question ; for I maintain that we did not have
the privilege of voting—if we had the right
to vote at all, if the whole right with regard to
counting the vote be not in the President of the
joint convention—we did not have the privi-
lege of voting, under the operation of the
twenty-second joint rule, in the way we ought
to have had that privilege. Hence there can
be no question but that our votes in the House
were right so far as the merits of the question
upon which we cast them are concerned.
Whether it would have been better for us to
have remained silent I have already alluded to
as fully as I care to do. There, sir, I leave that.
Now, what is the application ot this whole
question, assuming that these rules are invalid?
It is (and I commend this to the attention of
the gentleman who introduces this resolution)
that if the President of the Senate had the
power to count the votes then clearly we were'
invading his rights and privileges in attempt-
ing in auy way to control that count except to
see that it was " fair," to here adopt the word
of Chancellor Kent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How are
wc going to do that?
