1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
rm
Mr. HARLAN. I will eome to that in a
moment:
"the cost not to exceed $2,500; an agency building
lor tho residence of the agent, the cost not to exceed
$.5,000; a residence for physician, to cost not more
t.lmti $3,000; and 6ve other buildings for a carpen-
ter, farmer, blacksmith, miller, and engineer, each
to co;-t not to exeoed 82,000; also a school-house or
minion building, so soon as a sufficient number of
children can be induced by the agent to attend
school, which shall not cost exceeding $2,500."
1 believe our amendments are for smaller
su ins generally than those named In the treaty;
but the treaty fixes the maximum, and we
thought they coald be cut down.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senate will
perceive that there is an item for the construc-
tion of a school-house or mission building of
$2,800; but the provision pf the treaty is—
"Also a school-house or mission building, so soon
as a sufficient number of children can be induced by
tho agent to attend school."
I should like to know what information the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
has on the subject of the condition of the chil-
dren to attend school. I think the probability
is, this treaty having been made in 1868, and
having been made with the Indians of the
plains—Indiana whom we often call "wild In-
dians," and in the language of the treaty some
of them called "roaming Indians"—the fair
presumption is that the time has not arrived
when it is proper to make an appropriation of
§2,500 for the erection of a sctiool; that is to
say, the time has not arrived when a sufficient
number of children can be induced to attend
the school. I submit, therefore, whether first,
and as preliminary to that, the erection of
the steam mill, &e., is not antecedent, and
necessarily antecedent, to the construction of
the school-house. I hope my honorable friend
will be as considerate in pressing these appro-
priations as is practicable under the stipula-
tions of the treaties, because this year, under
the new treaties concluded by General Sher-
man and the members of the peace aommis-
sion the appropriations are necessarily to be
very large.
Mr. HARLAN. This is to fulfill one of
those treaties.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is, if the con-
tingency has arrived on which the appropri-
ation ought to be made.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
states the case fairly. If, in the judgment of
the department, and of Congress, the time has
come when these children should .be brought to
attend school, then the appropriation ought
to be made. If, however, in the opinion of
Congress, the time should be deferred, of course
they will not make the appropriation estimated
for. The committee examined this subject
with considerable interest; and as this appro-
priation is for the coming fiscal year to begin
on the 1st day of July next and to terminate
on the 1st day of July a year after that, includ-
ing the Working period of two years, it was
thought best to make the appropriation now;
because if it should be needed either this coming
summer or the summer succeeding the appro-
priation ought to be made now ; for it is not
probable, if our past experience can guide us
correctly for the future, that the appropriation
bills for the first session of the next Congress
will be adopted until some time in thesummer,
when it wilt be too late to make arrangements
and commence operations for that year. These
Indians are located at a long distance from
tho seat of Government, and it was thought
the appropriation ought to be made now it' it
would be needed either this coming summer or
the summer succeeding. I believe the com-
mittee were unanimous in the conviction that
it ought to be made; that the children ought
to have an opportunity to go to school. It will
require some little persuasion, and perhaps
coercion in some cases, to induce them to do so.
Mr. CORBETT. If we intend to carry out
these treaty stipulations faithfully and promptly
it is necessary to make tho appropriation to
build a school-house, so that, when these chil-
dren are prepared to enter the school we may
have a house in which they may attend schoul.
We cannot induce "them to go to sc&Jol unless
we have a building for that purpose., ft se^ms
to me this appropriation i's necessary ill 6r'cle;r
to carry out the treaty.
The amendment was agreed fo.
Mr. HARLAN. In line six Hundred and fifty-
nine, in the appropriations for the f): Wamish
and other allied tribes in Washington Territory,
I move to strike oat " $1,500" and to insert
" $3,000so that the clause will read:
Eor tenth of twenty installments for the establish-
ment of an agricultural and industrial sehool, and
to provide said school with a suitable instructor or
instructors, per fourteenth article treaty 2M Janu-
ary, 1855, $3,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will thank the
Senator to give us his authority for that appro-
priation.
Mr. CORBETT. This is the annual appro-
priation that has been made for these Indians
for a number of years past. The treaty requires
the school to be kept up, and it has been the
custom to make an. appropriation of $3,000
annually. We have letters complaining that
the appropriation of last year was not sufficient
to keep up these schools. We have therefore
placed the appropriation back to the amount
that was usually appropriated before last year.
The appropriation of $1,500 is entirely inade-
quate to keep up the school. It cannot be done
tor the money. It is in a country where every-
thing is upon a gold basis, and where teachers
receive from one thousand to fifteen hundred
dollars per year. It is utterly impossible to
support two or three teachers for $1,500 in
currency. You have goi to throw up these
schools, or else to make the necessary appro-
priation to keep them going.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line six hundred and
sixty-nine I move to strike out the word'' three''
and insert "four;" so that the clause will read:
J?or tenth of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, and physi-
cian, who shall furnish medicines for the sick, per
fourteenth article treaty 22d January, 1855, $4,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line seven hundred and
eighty-thrse, in the appropriations for the Ma-
kah tribe, I move to strike out "$1,500" and
to insert "§2,500;" so that the clause will
read:
For tenth of twenty installments for the support
of an agricultural and industrial school, and for pay
of teachers, per eleventh artieletreaty 31st January,
1855, §2,500.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
to see that treaty.
Mr. CORBETT. The same reason exists
for this increase of appropriation that existed
in the other case. This is an appropriation
for the payment of tho tenth of twenty install-
ments for the purpose of an agricultural and
industrial school and for the payment of the
teachers. It is utterly impossible to think of
sustaining an agricultural school and support-
ing the teachers for $1,500. As I said before,
payment there has to be made in coin, and the
currency has to be disposed of to secure the
coin.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think $1,500,
from the information I have about it, will do.
I understand there are but eighteen pupils in
this agricultural school; and it will bo consid-
ered that this is the tenth of twenty install*
merits for the support of the school. I suppose
it is simply'to pay the ordinary annual expenses
of a teacher, &e.: and I submit to my fnond
whether he does not think, ou the whole, that
$1,500 in Washington Territory will do for the
instruction of eighteen pupils?
Mr. CORBETT. I will state that I have a
letter from the superintendent of Indian affairs
of Washington Territory complaining of this
very thing, stating that the appropriation is
entirely inadequate for the support of these
schools ; that the salaries of teachers in other
places there are from one to two thousand dol-
lars a year in gold ; that it is impossible to get
teachers to take charge of these schools and
to support the.se children under the manual-
labor system for this sum. These children
$1,500 will hot suppbrt them. Twenty-five
hundred dollars in currency is equal'to abottt
seventeen hundred and fifty or eighteen hun-
dred, dollars.,, That wiy give perhaps one
thousand or twelve hundred dollars , far the
teacher and'$800 to support the school They
Will have to throw up the school nirlejsd tfce
amount of appropriation named by the cbm-'
mittee is granted, and the treaty will therefor^
be violated unless it is made. :
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am told by
the Senator from Iowa that this not only
includes instruction, but also the support of
these children.
Mr. CORBETT. The board of the ehildren;
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Their board and
clothing. I shall make no particular objection
to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line seven hundred and
eighty-seven I move to strike out the word
"■$3,600" and to insert "$4,600;" so that it
will read :
For tenth of twenty installments for the employ-*
ment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, and physi-
cian, who shall furnish medicines for the pick, per
eleventh article treaty 31st January, 18o5, $-1,600.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is a pretty
increase. 1 think the appropriation had
better stand as it is. It is for the employment
of only four persons: a blacksmith, carpenter,
farmer, and physician. Itis now §1,300 ; that
is, $1,000 apiece for these persons and $300
for medicines. That will buy a good deal of
medieine. .
Mr. CORBETT. The appropriation in IIIe
bill is only $3,600, and we propose to make it
$4,600. That has been the annual appropria-
tion heretofore.,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will not object
to changing the word "three" to "four,'' and
allowing the rest to stand.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator may
not have noticed that one of these employes is a
physician and he must furnish his own medi-
eine, and it is not probable that a physician
who could be trusted could be employed for
less in that country than fifteen hundred or two
thousand dollars, furnishing his own medi-
cines. There, I understand, gold is universally
used as the medium of business, and this i,s the
amount that has been appropriated from year
to year; and now, when money is worth iess
than it was heretofore, it would seem a little
curious if these employes of the Government
can serve for less money, when each dollar is
worth less by over thirty per cent, than it was
heretofore.
Mr. CORBETT. The amendment of the
committee is to make the appropriation S l,B0O,
and I hope it will be agreed to. The treaty
was made with these Indians upon the gold
basis, and the payment has been made in gold
in that country, and this is an appropriation of
$4,600 in currency, whereas in former times it
used to be $4,600 in gold. I trust there will
be no change in that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line eight hundred and
forty-four, in the appropriation for the Molel
Indians, I move to strike out "$1,000" and to
insert §2,000so that the clause will read:
For last of ten installments for the pay of a car-
penter and joiner to aid in erecting buildings and
mnkin? furniture for said Indians, anil to furnish
tools in said service, per second article treaty 21st
December, 1S55, $2,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That will not
do. This clause is simply for the employment
of a carpenter and joiner, not two persons, but
one person.
Mr. HARLAN. It is for the salary of the
carpenter and also for the cost of the tools, &c.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. A carpenter
always furnishes his own to<,> 1 s. of course. 1
think it is hardly worth while to make that
amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. I suggest that (he amount
be changed so as to make the appropriation
$ 1.500.
