174
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 11,
Ho. of Reps.
Question of Privilege—Mr. Shellabarger.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Well, the gentle-
man may go for the answer to his question to
Justice Story. The gentleman cannot defeat
the argument by showing that there may be de-
fects in the Constitution as to how we are to
ascertain that, or a casus omissus, as was said
yesterday by the Speaker. I answer further
that we can prescribe rules by which shall be
secured an honest and legal exercise of what-
ever powers and discretions we possess in
making this count by whomsoever that power
may be possessed and exercised ; and it is be-
cause we have this power that I affirm as the
next proposition in my argument that the con-
current resolution which we passed on the 6th
of February is not unconstitutional, but was
binding on the President of the Senate.
It is unlike the concurrent resolution of
1805, because that breaks the convention into
two bodies and separates them for the purpose
of doing that separately which can only be
done in a joint convention. And it does not
permit them to review or decide in joint conven-
tion whatitrequirestobevoted on and decided
in separate votes of the two Houses. This one
of 1869 does none of these things. It does
not dissolve the convention. It does not re-
quire any separate vote of the two Houses. It
does not permit the rejection of the vote of
any State. It simply provides that if the vote
of Georgia does not change the result then
lhat vote shall be set down in a particular way.
What does the gentleman find unconstitutional
in that, pray? Does the Constitution pre-
scribe how the vote of a State shall be set
down (either after it is rejected or counted)
upon the official records of that count or on the
Journals? Has the Constitution prescribed how
we shall make up formally the record of the
count? Why, the gentleman with his great
learning will still " fail to come to time " on a
question like that. - The Constitution has left
the power in Congress to prescribe the rules
under which that count shall be made and how
it shall be set down. The resolution that we
passed the other day does not really provide for
the receiving or rejecting of the vote of Geor-
gia in the substantial sense of the words of the
Constitution, "shall be counted." It simply
says itshall be entered according to a certain
form of statement; and that is what the gentle-
man says is unconstitutional. It would be
clearly unconstitutional if it undertookto count
the vote of Georgia in or out. It assumes to do
no such thing, but it only says that if it shall
be immaterial to the result of the election
whether the vote of that State be " counted "
or not, then, for a prescribed reason, it need
not be decided by the convention whether the
vote is a legal one or not a legal one, and that it
shall without any decision of that question be
entered of record in a prescribed form. This
resolution is not therefore amenable to the
criticism that it undertakes to count the vote
of a State before that vote isopened orknown.
Now, notice just what that resolution is, what
brings it into operation, and what it accom-
plishes when brought into operation.
Mr. Speaker, it is the failure to be thorough,
discriminating, and accurate as to this last thing
that produces the confusion of debate and of
conclusions and of our conduct in the fearful
and sadiy painful emergency we have just passed
through. Let us carefully consider these. First
and all the time it must be kept in mind that
this resolution was by its express terms to have
no effect whatever, was not to be atall in force,
nor to be a law to anybody as to the count of
Georgia nor any State except in a certain speci-
fied contingency. That contingency must be
found to have happened before the concurrent
resolution became in any sense a law for the
guidance of any one. That contingency was,
that the same persons would be elected by the
votes of the other States whether the vote of
Georgia were valid or invalid, counted or not
counted. In other words, the resolution only
Went into force when and after it had, by the
count of the other States, been ascertained and
decided that the " count" of the vote of Geor-
gia—decision of the validity or invalidity of her
vole—was absolutely immaterial and unneces-
sary to the ascertainment of the result. When
that conclusion was reached that the vote of
Georgia was immaterial to the result, and that
its validity was not necessary to be decided in
order to know with the same certainty who was
elected as would be attained after it was de-
cided, then, and only then, the concurrent reso-
lution went into force and play. Thus far there
is plainly no possible room for doubt or dispute.
After this point had been reached which
brought the resolution into play I implore mem-
bers to tell me what practical good could come
out of deciding whether the vote of Georgia
was legal or illegal ? If there be no such prac-
tical good to come from that decision, then I
ask does the Constitution or the law compel
us to do a vain thing when the doing of it may
result in infinite misehief? Surely not. The
law never requires a vain thing as a condition-
precedent to the attainment of great and sub-
stantial ends which the same law provides for
and secures. If it did the whole law would be
vain, vicious, and absurd.
Now, Mr. Speaker, when this immateriality
of Georgia's vote had been so ascertained and
determined, and our concurrent resolution was
thereby brought into force and play, what was its
force, what did it do ? First, it authorized the
President of the Senate to decide and pro-
nounce those to be elected President and Vice
President whom the other States had elected
and who were elected whether Georgia's vote
were valid or invalid, counted or uncounted.
Now, sir, suppose this official decision and
announcement of who is elected cannot be
announced unless and until after it has been
officially decided by the convention how Geor-
gia voted, and suppose the returns of Georgia's
vote were lost or destroyed so that the conven-
tion could neither know nor count her vote—
and, sir, this is far from an extreme or impos-
sible supposition—then, sir, would it be un-
constitutional or illegal to decide or proclaim
who is elected? Must we, then, march into
revolution and the Government's overthrow
just because that vain and impossible thing,
the count of Georgia, has not been done ? Who
will venture to affirm such a thing. Who will
not exclaim that the result of the great people's
choice can be legally ascertained and pro-
claimed though Georgia is not counted? If
so, I pray you to tell me whether a concurrent
resolution directing that this decision and an-
nouncement of the result, without the count
of the lost vote of Georgia, would be either
unconstitutional or render the ascertainment
and announcement of the result illegal? It
would not; and therefore that requirement of
this resolution, that the President of the Senate
should decide and declare who was elected
without regard to Georgia's vote, is valid and
binding on that President. But this resolu-
tion, in the event that, brought it into play, re-
quired another thing, namely, that the record
should state how 'the vote would stand with
Georgia counted and also uncounted. Is that
way of making up the record unconstitutional ?
Why, Mr. Speaker, as I have already said,
the proposition is so absolutely and self-evi-
dently absurd that I can make "the absurdity
no plainer by my poor powers of argument,
and I will leave that to those having powers
adequate to the task.
Sir, the concurrent resolution was valid, and
became a law to the convention and its presi-
dent as to what they should do provided the
objection made by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts was not one which took Georgia's
vote out of its operation, and compelled the
convention to pass upou it as not being that
specific objection to her vote which is named
in the resolution's preamble, and the only one
which the resolution authorized the convention
to omit to decide. This is claimed to be the
case, and that because the gentleman assigned
other fatal objections to Georgia's vote besides
that one in the preamble, as to whether she was
such a State as could vote, therefore the reso-
lution did not excuse the convention from de-
ciding this additional objection, and therefore
these must be decided asrequired by the twenty-
second joint rule. And we are told that if
this be not so then every objection to Geor-
gia's vote, however evidently tatal to its valid-
ity, would be by this concurrent resolution
shielded from the convention's investigation
and the vote be permitted to go unchallenged,
though on its very face shown to be absolutely
worthless and void. Why, Mr. Speaker, this
position may be ingenious, but it ia far more
vicious than ingenious. Look at it. First it
admits that it could legally, and did in fact,
order the vote to be set down in a particular
way and its validity not to be passed upon, and
that the result of the election should be decided
by the "counting" body, because one fatal
objection to its validity probably existed to
Georgia's vote, but it denies that the resolu-
tion ought to, did, or could order the same
thing to be done, though two fatal objections
should be found to the vote! Surely this can-
not be. The resolution does not require the
convention to admit or count the vote of Geor-
gia if, on its inspection, the convention found
it fatally defective. No such thing. But it
does require that because there is probably one
fatal objection known to exist at the passage
of the resolution and before the vote is opened,
which objection the convention and Congress
cannot well pass upon before or in the con-
vention, therefore the validity of that vote shall
for this reason not be passed upon at all, how-
ever many other fatal objections to it may be
found, unless its validity be found material
to the determination of the result of the elec-
tion.
The known difficulty of deciding the validity
of Georgia's vote, which is named in the pre-
amble, brought the resolution into existence,
and the difficulty and impropriety of deciding
that, if the decision was immaterial to the re-
sult, was reason why in express terms the reso-
lution ordered the President to do precisely
what he did do, and did in the very words o f
the resolution ; and it, for this reason, required
this of him, however many other objections
there might be to the vote of Georgia. It made
no exceptions. It made no exceptions in its
terms'by saying that if there were found other
objections to Georgia's vote than that named
in its preamble, then the President should not
obey its orders. On the contrary, it did state
one case in which he should not deem it in
force or obey it, namely, if it did change the
result. Then he was not to regard it, and by
its express and unmistakable terms that was
the only event in which he was not to regard
it. Now, gentlemen say that there were other
cases in which he was not to regard it, namely,
if somebody should suggest some other objec-
tion to it. And for not disregarding this ex-
press letter of the rule we ourselves made for
him, and for which the gentleman himself
voted, he is to De by us the author of the rule
denounced as our oppressor and the invader
of our rights. He obeyed us not in spirit
merely, but to the very letter—word for word,
syllable by syllable, and letter by letter, he
followed out and obeyed our law—saved the
Republic from an appalling danger, and for
that we are called upon to brand and blast him
with our denunciations!
Mr. Speaker, the power of the President of
the Senate to do what he did do was complete.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Woodward obtained the floor.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
that the gentleman from Ohio may have further
time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As I gave
