398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
in the prosecution of those manufacturing
interests which are always thrown at New
England when one ofrher sons speaks in her
behalf, has dug a canal one hundred feet wide,
twenty feet deep, with all the necessary guards
and locks, and large enough to float a line-of-
battle ship, much of it out of solid rock, the
length of the canal being a mile aa'd a half;
yet it has been constructed for less than live
hundred thousand dollars. The man who con-
structed that work still lives, andean construct
asimilarworkaroundNiagara Falls, whichmay
be a length only of six miles. But how much
will this work cost? Little or nothing. What-
ever the sum that may be expended in the first
instance, the saving of a single year in freight
will pay one half of that expenditure, and the
saving of another year will save the whole.
There is but one objection that I see to the
bill as now drawn, and that is merely an objec-
tion of detail. I see that the proposed depth
of the canal is fourteen feet, the object being,
I suppose, to accommodate the St. Clair flats.
Be it so; then, I think that the width of the
lock should be at least sixty feet. This, how-
ever, is a matter to be dealt with in the way
of amendment hereafter. So far as concerns
the main proposition in its general scope and
purpose, it is, in my judgment, just and eco-
nomical, and contemplates a proper expendi-
ture of money. Hence I have no hesitation
in giving it my vote.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am sorry
that the state of the country and the condition
of the Treasury would prevent me from giving
my support to the bill before the House. In
former years I have supported a similar bill;
but it was at a time when Congress was voting
money for almost every project that was pre-
sented, and as this measure had more merits
than a vast majority of the schemes that were
going through, I struggled to have some of the
money go into this channel. I cannot go into
a discussion of the merits of the bill, but I find
that the last section thereof proposes an appro-
priation of $12,000,000. It is enough for me
to know that there is no money in the Treas-
ury to meet such an appropriation. We are
now owing a debt of $2,500,000,000, and
are paying six per cent, interest in gold on
an immense bonded debt. We have between
three and four hundred million dollars of irre-
deemable paper money afloat in the country
which is only worth seventy cents on the dol-
lar. Taxes are oppressive, and there is a party
in this country who only want an excuse for
repudiation. If we augment the taxes and
increase our already enormous public debt the
party of repudiation will gather strength and
power; and I will warn gentlemen against
pushing things to an extent that might tend to
involve the country in a crime more hideous
in its nature and extent than any ever commit-
ted by a nation pretending to the least vestige
of honor or decency—the crime of repudiation,
of bad faith, and national dishonor. My con-
stituentsare greatly interested in this work,
but I believe I speak their sentiments when I
say they will wait until we shall get the reduc-
tion of our public debt under a good headway,
until taxation can be reduced, and until the
work can be done a third cheaper than it can
be done under the present inflated prices.
Another reason why 1 cannot support the bill 1
is, that the commencement of this new work,
costing such a vast sum of money, would tend
to prevent appropriations for completing im-
portant works of improvement already com-
menced.
There must bean appropriation to complete
the work on the ttoek Island and Des Moines
rapids, now nearly finished—awork which when
completed will afford i mmense relief to the great
producing States of the Northwest. Pacts have
recently come to my knowledge which render
it a matter of vast importance that the Missis-
sippi liver improvement shall be completed
at the earliest moment. Under a great press-
ure Congress has allowed the construction of
railroad bridges across the Mississippi river,
and among others one at Dubuque. A bridge
has been built at Dubuque, not by the railroad
company, whose road crosses the river, but by
parties mostly inside the company, as I learn,
and they have made the bridge an engine of
stupendous oppression to the public, adding
vastly to the expense of transit of both freight
and passengers. Before the bridge was built
it cost a railroad passenger ten cents to cross
the Mississippi river at Dubuque, and it now
costs the same passenger twenty-five cents by
the railroad bridge. And it is understood the
advance in freight is about the same. A gen-
tleman, lately from Iowa, has informed me that
the advance in freight exacted -by the bridge
company over the old rates would cost a single
county in Iowa for the present crop of wheat
$30,000. Indeed, as freights now are, it costs
just oue bushel of wheat to get three bushels
of wheat from eastern Iowa to Chicago. This
state of things admonished me and I think
it should admonish the Representatives from
the Northwest, that if money was to be spent
by the Government it should be spent where it
will effect the most.
Why is this ? Among other things it is be-
cause of the additional toll charged by this
railroad bridge company. The gentleman
from Iowa to whom I have already referred
told me that the difference ia the charges
made by this bridge company, so far as one
county in that State is concerned, would cost
the farmers of that county $30,000 more than
it ever did before. We see too many appro-
priations for special objccts, and I understand
them well. Mr. Speaker, while the people
have been fighting the battles of the country,
railroad, express, and telegraph monopolists
have been working to take from the people the
rights they already had ; and, sir, unless some-
thing is done we shall, in my judgment, see
such a revolution of public opinion among the
people as we have never before seen. We
have subdued the monopoly of slavery; but
there is to be another battle to subdue these
other monopolies, which are destroying us and
eating up the substance of the people. It re-
quires only a small appropriation to complete
the rapid improvements, making a free and
unobstructed channel of water communication
from the Palls of St. Anthony to New Orleans.
I think, sir, that it would be madness for us,
while our other great works of improvement
remain uncompleted, to pass this measure,
which, in the first instance, will involve ail
expenditure of $12,000,000.
Now, sir, my friend from Iowa desires I
should yield the floor to him for a few mo-
ments, and I do so.
Mr. ALLISON. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Illinois purposes to submit some
motion at the conclusion of his hoar.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir;
I do.
Mr. ALLISON. Therefore I desire to make
some remarks in reply to what he has said, and
in reference to the general subject now before
us for action. I shall not ask for more than
twenty or twenty-five minutes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How many
have I left?
The SPEAKER. Forty minutes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Other
gentlemen desire I should yield to them, and
in order to do so I can only give the gentle-
man ten minutes.
Mr. ALLISON. It is impossible for me to
say what I desire to say in ten minutes, and
if I cannot get more time I will run the risk
of getting the floor before the House adjourns
and not take the floor now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will yield
the floor to the gentleman for fifteen minutes.
Mr. ALLISON. I submit the following, to
come in as an additional section.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That for the pur-
pose of extending the advantages of improved water
communication to the Mississippi valley, to enlarge
and extend the military defenses of the country, and
to enable the Government and people more fully to
of the Niagara ship-canal, the sum
ot $,1,000,000 of the money by this act appropriated
shall be devoted to the improvement of the naviga-
tion of the Wisconsin river, by canal or otherwise, so
as to connect Green Bay and the Mississippi river by
way of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers, according to
one of the plans rocommcnded by General G. K.
Warren in his reports to the engineer department,
said money to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of War; and all the conditions and
limitations hereinbefore prescribed shall apply to
the appropriation made by this section.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, the people ot
the western States are more deeply interested
in this genera! subject of transportation than
perhaps any other subject which could possibly
be brought before this Congress. They are at
present, especially the agricultural interests of
the western States, burdened by the heavy im-
positions of the railroad corporations which
now have in their hands, almost exclusively the
means of transportation of their products from
the place of their production to the lake ports
and the great markets of the world. The gen-"
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has
truly said that if the western States are indebted
to New England for the manufactured goods
which they consume, New England, New York,
and the East generally are mostly indebted to
the grain-growing States of Iowa, Illinois, and
Wisconsin for the bread they eat while pro-
ducing those manufactured goods. Therefore
I regret exceedingly that the gentleman from
the Galena district of Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
etjbne,] chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, should at this early period indicate
his purpose to submit a motion hostile to this
bill, which, with the amendment which I have
offered adopted as apart of this measure, sup-
plies the great object desired by the West—
the cheapening of transportation from the West
to the East and the East to the West.
Before I enter upon any discussion of this
measure or any explanation of my amendment
I will say a few words in reply to the remarks
of the gentleman from Illinois in reference to
the bridge across the Mississippi river located
at the city of Dubuque, where I live. The gentle-
man who furnished information to him, as he
says, relative to that enterprise, totally misap-
prehended the facts of the case. The truth is that
the construction of that bridge across the Mis-
sissippi river has cheapened the transportation
across that river very materially. I know that
of which I speak; for, sir, I am a member ot
that corporation and know what the facts really
are. There is a graduated scale of tolls estab-
lished for that bridge, the minimum being less
than twenty cents per ton, and the maximum
only reaching seventy cents per ton. Now, it
is well known to every man who has ever trans-
ported any products from the East to the West,
or the West to the East, even to and from
Dubuque only, that it has cost on the average
one dollar a ton to transport freight across that
river during the winter, which generally lasts
during six months of the year, and a very little
less on the average during seasons of naviga-
tion. The gentleman from Illinois, therefore,
is entirely mistaken in the statement whicli he
made to this House in reference to this Dubuque
bridge.
And I will say further, Mr. Speaker, that
this bridge enterprise at the city of Dubuque
is not in the interest or under the control of
the Illinois Central railroad, which is the only
railroad corporation which uses that bridge.
It is^ open to all railroads who may choose to
use it upon equal terms. It is controlled by a
corporation which is interested, as the whole
people of Iowa are interested, in cheap trans-
portation, and only desire a fair remuneration
lor the money they have invested in this enter-
prise.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I presume there is no
western man here who would stand up in his
place in this House of Representatives and say
that he was opposed to the building of this
Niagara ship-canal. Certainly I would not do
so. I am in favor of this measure, as I am in
favor of every measure which has a tendency
to cheapen transportation between the East
and the West; but in the present condition of
the Treasury of the United States it becomes
a question for the people of the West to determ-
