1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1351
could not do it, and turned tliem over to the
Interior Department. The Secretary of the
Interior then entered into a contract with a
Mr. Sibley for feeding them until an appropri-
ation could be made by Congress. The contract,
the committee have ascertained, was carried
out in good faith and the Indians were fed. I
repeat that that amendment had the unanimous
sanction ofthe Indian Committee, and was sanc-
tioned also by the Committee on Appropria-
tions at the last session, and passed the Senate.
It was only stricken out in a committee of
conference at the instance of a member of the
House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ator if I am right in my recollection that it
had the sanction of the officer in command
there?
Mr. THAYER. That is my impression;
but I cannot state now positively on that point.
It had the sanction of all those in that country
who had any jurisdiction over the matter. I
am not certain about any military officer.
Mr. HARLAN. The ease is this, if I un-
derstand it: these Navajo Indians, while they
were on the Bosque Redondo, were under the
control of the War Department, and were pro-
vided for by the officers of that Department;
the Interior Department had no control what-
ever over them; but the Secretary of War
notified the Secretary of the Interior that the
War Department would no longer provide for
them. The Secretary of the Interior was com-
pelled, therefore, to assume the responsibility
previously exercised by the Secretary of War
covering the period intervening up to the date
when these Indians were taken charge of by
the peace commission; and this appropria-
tion, therefore, is to pay the expense of taking
care of those Indians before they were located
at their present homes in the mountains, and
after the War Department abandoned them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line nine hundred I
move to strike out "$2,200" and insert
•'$15,200;" so as to make the clause read among
the appropriations for the Nez Percys—
For tenth of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of one superintendent of teaching and two
teachcrs, perfifth article treaty 11th Jane, 1855, $3,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line nine hundred and
ten I move to strike out " $8,000 " and insert
" $9,400."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ator what that increase is for ?
Mr. CORBETT. I will state for the inform-
ation of the Senator from Maine that this is
the usual appropriation for the Nez Perc6 In-
dians. There are two mill privileges upon this
reservation, and eleven persons are employed.
This clause provides for one superintendent of
forming and two farmers. The superintendent
of farming is allowed §1,000, and the other
two §800 apiece. Then there, are two millers
at $1,000 apiece; and a tinner and agunsmith,
two blacksmiths, one carpenter, a wagon ma-
ker, and a plow maker, per fifth article of
the treaty of 11th June, 1865, $800 apiece.
When you deduct one quarter from $800 they
get but $600 in coin ; or $750 where they are
allowed $1,000, as the millers are.
I will state in connection with this that I
have received a letter from the superintendent,
who states that in consequence of the reduc-
tion last year he had to promise his millers that
he would pay them the difference out of his own
pocket if they would only stay. There were
small grists there brought in by the Indians,
and they were going to leave and he was com-
pelled to make this promise to keep them.
11ns makes up for no deficiency, but only
makes the regular appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line nine hundred and
twenty-two I move to strike out " $1,200 " and
insert " $1,400;" so as to read:
For ninth of twenty installments for pay of a
piij'sieian, per fifth artielo treaty 11th June, 1835,
61,400.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line nine hundred and
twenty-six I move to strikeout "$200" "and
insert "$300;" so as to read:
For tenth of twenty installments for keeping in
repair the buildings for the various employes, and
tor providing the necessary furniture therefor, per
fifth article treaty 11th Jane, 1855, $300.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. After line nine hundred
and sixty-nine I move to insert:
For fourth of tenth installment for pay of one en-
gineer and assistant, per third article treaty of
March 6,1865, $1,800.
This item seems to have been omitted in the
bill. It is provided for by the treaty.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is that sum pro-
vided for?
Mr. HARLAN. I think so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If you have the
treaty I should like to see how that is.
Mr. THAYER. This amendment is in ac-
cordance with the stipulations of the treaty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not see
any authority for this.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs followed the estimates of the depart-
ment. The treaty I believe requires a mill to
be provided for them, and a mill would be of
no use without some one to take care of and
run it until the Indians should have an oppor-
tunity of learning to, manage it themselves.
To make the previous expenditure practicable
and advantageous this appropriation should
be made. I ought to say, I think, in connec-
tion with this amendment, that these Omahas
are located on the Missouri reservation on the
east side of Nebraska, and are doing well.
They have abandoned their habits of hunting
and have commenced cultivating the soil, and
ought to be encouraged to continue.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I see no author-
ity thus far for this. I will read from thetreaty:
/'In further consideration of the foregoing ces-
sion, the United States agree to extend the provis-
ions of articleeightof the treaty between the Omaha
tribe of Indians and the United States, made on the
16th day of March, 1854, for the term of ten years
from and after the ratification of the treaty.
" And the United States further agree to pay to the
said Omaha tribe of Indians on the ratification of
this treaty the sum of $7,000 in damages."
There is nothing about a mill or an engineer.
Mr. HARLAN. Of course it is discretion-
ary with Congress whether they will appro-
priate the money to pay a miller. They have
appropriated the money under the treaty which
is provided for by the terms of the treaty to
erect for the Indians a mill, wkieh will be
absolutely worthless to the Indians, for a time
at least, without some one to teach them how
to use it. The Committee on Indian Affairs
thought that expenditure ought to be made
available, and especially as these Indians have
at our request abandoned their old mode of
life, and are now earnestly attempting to learn
how to support themselves by agriculture, and
are on a small reservation on the Missouri river,
where they must work for their living if they
live at all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The difficulty
about it is that this seems to be an afterthought,
The treaty of 1854 provides:
"The United States agree to erect for the Omahas,
at their new home, a grist aud saw mill, and keep
the sarnein repair, and provide a miller for ten years."
That is provided for in the bill already.
" Also, to erect a good blacksmith shop, and supply
the same with tools, keep it in repair for ten years,
and provide a good blacksmith for a like period, and
to employ an experienced farmer for ten years.''
It migjjt be a convenient thing perhaps to
have an educated engineer, as the Senator from
Iowa suggests; but it is sufficient for my pur-
pose to say that the treaty does not provide
for it. I hope the Senator will not urge the '
amendment. |
Mr. THAYER, I trust the Senator from '
Maine, who comes from a ship-building country, i
would not think of sending a steamer to sea ;
without an engineer.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But this does
not provide for a steam-mill.
Mr. THAYER. I am led to inquire why
uiy friend from Maine neglected this* special
caution last year. We are only asking for what
has been provided every year since the treaty
went into operation except this. The treaty
provides for the erection of a, steam-mill. It
would do them very little gosd.without an
engineer to run it.
Mr. MORRILL, of ilaine. My. friend will
allow me to correct him. It is a mill,-a grist and
saw-mill, that is provided for. In reply to the
suggestion that I was guilty of laches .last year
in appropriating for this item, I will say that I
suppose I .followed the presumptions which
might arise from the appropriation having been
made in the House of Representatives; but I
caution the honorable Senator that the House,
having looked into this and finding no author-
ity for it in the treaty, will be very slow, I think,
to concur with us if we put it in. I suggest,
therefore, that as there is uo authority for it
we had better agree not to put it in.
Mr. THAYER. This mill will be of no use
to the Indians without an engineer, and I hope
the amendment will be adopted. As the Sen-
ator from Iowa has said, these Indians are
doing well, making progress better, perhaps,
than any other tribe of Indians; and I hope
we shall not now take away the use of a mill
from them.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call for a
division.
Mr. HARLAN. Rather than consume the
time the division may require, I will let this go
over, and I will re-offer it in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. HARLAN, I move to strike out the
word "nine," in line nine hundred and sev-
enty-one, and insert " twelve;" so as to make
the clause read :
For fourth of ten installments for pay of one mil-
ler, per same treaty, $1,200.
Mr. "MORRILL, of Maine. This is to pay
one miller. We have not been in the habit of
paying a miller exceeding $1,000.
Mr. HARLAN. This is the appropriation
that has been made right along year by year,
and it is for the pay of two men, although it
does not so appear in the phraseology of the
bill. It is for the pay of two men, and it has
been so applied; and the miller and an assist-
ant miller are needed in order to run the mill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish my honor-
able friend would have a little regard to the
stipulations of the treaty. He must know that
there is a disposition in the other branch—if I
may be allowed to speak of it—to retrench, to
cut down these Indian appropriations,' and I
feel bound to do that as far as it. is practicable
and keep within the spirit of the treaties. This
treaty provides for one miller; no more. It
may be a convenient thing to have an assistant,
but the answer to that is that the treaty does
not contemplate it. If the treaty does not
contemplate an assistant, certainly there is no
occasion to provide for him; nor, I submit to
the Senator from Iowa, is it a fit thing to sub-
stantially provide for it and avoid the spirit
and letter of the treaty by fixing a compensa-
tion large enough to cover an additional force,
or a force not provided for by the treaty. I
hope he will be content to take the $000, or at
most, make his amendment to insert $1,000,
which is all that has been appropriated to mil-,
lers on this side of the mountains.
Mr. HARLAN. I may have manifested
undue zeal. lam not sure but that I have. I
know the honorable Senator must have thought
of it, or he would not have said so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I did not say
" undue zeal."
Mr. HARLAN. The ease justifies it. We
have been trying for nearly a century to induce
the Indians lo abandon their nomadic modes
of life and to learn to live by agricultural pur-
suits. Here is a small tribe of Indians, form-
erly powerful, but who have been reduced
down to a small tribe. They have abandoned
their old mode of life and are now trying to live
