THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
one third of the corn, and about one third of
the grain, including wheat and corn, which in
the year 1865 was produced in all the States
and Territories of the United States.
The total value of the grain crop of the
United States for the year referred to was by
the Commissioner of Agriculture estimated at
$1,118,904,876; in which estimate the crop of
the five States referred to was put down at
nearly one third of the whole, $391,596,000.
The actual yield is possibly greater than the
amount claimed in the statement. The Gov-
ernor of Iowa estimates the wheat crop of that
State for 1867 at twenty million bushels, and
for 1868 at twenty-five million bushels. The
census returns made to the secretary of State
of Wisconsin indicate that the wheat crop of
Wisconsin for 1860 was over twenty-seven mil-
lion bushels, while the secretary of the State
Agricultural Society estimates the crop of 1861
at twenty to twenty-five millions, and of 1863 at
twenty-five to thirty million bushels.
The reports of the Chicago and Milwaukee
Boards of Trade show that .ofthe shipments East
nearly all were by water, except that in 186-1
eight per cent., and in 1865 eleven per cent.,
and in 1866 eighteen per cent, were by rail.
Two thirds of this entire surplus product would
seek a water-line from the Mississippi river if
such was attainable.
In this estimate of the business on this line
or to be effected by a water-line I have only in-
dicated shipments East. This water-line would
open up fc, cheap mode of transit for all heavy
freights required west of and along the line of
the Mississippi river, such as lumber, coal, salt,
railroad iron, steam machinery, and a thousand
other articles that will not easily bear high rates
for transportation.
At the season of the year when it is most de-
sirable for the farmer to transport his products
to market he finds all the railroads worked to
their utmost capacity of rolling stock, and deal-
ers arid shippers are compelled to await the
convenience of railroads running into Chicago
and Milwaukee and are met with freight rates
which require a sacrifice of one bushel of wheat
in order to reach these markets with three other
bushels; or, in other words, to sacrifice one
fourth of the crop in order to pay for the trans-
portation of the remaining three fourths to
Chicago or Milwaukee.
Mr. Speaker, I have made this amendment
in obedience to the will and judgment of the
States of Iowa, Wisconsin, and Minnesota,
whose Legislatures have by memorial requested
Congress to undertake this improvement as a
national work. lu its character affecting, as it
does, the consumer, by enabling him to secure
cheap bread, and affecting the producer by
enabling him to receive a portion of the profits
of his crop, now wasted to him in the price he
is compelled to pay in transporting it to mar-
ket,, I urge it as germane to the main proposi-
tion now before the House, which has for its
object the removal of one of the obstructions
now in the way of a continuous water-line from
the Mississippi river to the Atlantic ports. 1
shall ask a vote upon it, and hope it will re-
ceive the sanction of a majority of the House,
because I believe it is more essential to open
up a cheap water-line from the Mississippi
to the lakes than to connect Lakes Erie and
Ontario. But I hope at an early day to see
all these great improvements made, so as to
form a systen of water navigation by means of
lakes and canals to the sea-board via the St.
Lawrence, and to the eity of New York, the
great distributing point of the continent for
the productions of the East, South, and West.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield for
five minutes to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Bailey.]
Mr. BAILEY. Mr. Speaker, as 1 represent
a district to some extent interested in this pro-
posed work, and as I must vote against it, I
desire to give my reasons for so doing, and
they may be all summed up in very few words.
I do not believe this nation can now afford to
make the expenditure to construct this work.
Twelve million dollars are now asked by this
bill; butaccordingto our experience in the past,
fifteen ortwenty million dollars will be required
before the work is completed. Now, the people
of this country desire almost unanimously the
restoration of the national credit, for the busi-
ness of the whole country depends on that,
and we cannot have a sound currency or any
available measure of value for property or
labor until that is attained. Until that time"
business must be simply a speculation, and the
remuneration of labor uncertain and unsatis-
factory. While the people may be interested
in works of this kind they do not now demand
them. On the contrary, they demand emphat-
ically that they be postponed, for whatever in-
terest they may have in these works, they have
a far deeper interest in the restoration of the
national credit.
It is argued here in behalf of these and sim-
ilar measures that the country never was so
prosperous as now; that labor never was so
well paid as now. With all deference to the
gentlemen who thus speak and think, I deny
the proposition. The simple truth is that we
have borrowed some thousands of millions of
dollars, and are now magnificently spending
the proceeds. Every foot of American soil is
mortgaged for that debt, and every item of
public property in the land is pledged for its
payment. Notwithstanding this boasted wealth
and prosperity, our promises to pay, which we
are now so brilliantly spending, are hawked
about the world at a most shameful discount.
Labor now paid better than ever before! What
a delusion! I affirm that the wages of labor
to-day are not equal to the same wages before
the war, their producing capabilities being con-
sidered. If labor is better paid than before,
why, let me ask, these chronic "strikes" of
labor all over the land, amounting nearly to
insurrection? Let us not be deceived in this
matter, for, whether we are or not, depend upon
it the people are not deceived. They believe
they are carrying an immense public debt, that
our credit is at a woful discount, and that the
only way to give substantial prosperity to the
country is to restore that credit by commencing
to pay our debts. Every dollar needlessly
expended is forced from an overtaxed people
and then perverted from its legitimate use of
lessening the public debt. Nay, Mr. Speaker,
every dollar needlessly expended is a practical
increase of the public debt, for it injures the
public credit., and thereby compels us to pay .a
higher interest for the moneys we must borrow
to pay the accruing indebtedness.
Now, sir, if I should concede all that has
been said in favor of this bill I should earn-
estly protest against the House passing it at
this time.
_ Mr. WASHBUENE, of Illinois. I now
yield for ten or fifteen minutes to my colleague,
[Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I do not expect
to enter into a general discussion of this bill,
for I do not think in the limited time allotted
to me I could do so; but I desire to give one
or two reasons why 1 think this measure should
receive the assent of this House. So far as
the question of economy is concerned, I pre-
sume we all agree that we should be as econom-
ical as possible, in order to protect the Treasury
of the Government, but I deny that that is an
argument either in favor of or against this
proposition. It appeals to the fears more than
it does to the judgment of men in reference to
measures before this House. It is not the fact,
because men may be inclined to vote for a
proposition of this kind, that they are inclined
to dispose of the public money in any but a
frugal manner, or in any manner other than
that of gentlemen who claim to be on the
side of economy. I do not understand any
such statesmanship. It is like the man we
have all heard of who tried to see if he could
not do without eating and thus save the ex-
pense of provisions. He took less and less
every day until he had so managed his appetite
that he believed he had reached that point that
lie could do entirely without eating, but just
theii lie unfortunately died. It seems to he the
same in reference to the strange freak which
seems to have come over gentlemen that the
United States Government must never inaugu-
rate any great improvement for the benefit of
any or all sections of the country, because,
forsooth, we happen to be somewhat in debt.
Now, sir, I expect to go hand in hand, all
the time that I may be here, with those gen-
tlemen who seek to economize and prevent
extravagant appropriations. But while we do
that let us inquire what we must do in regard
to promoting the interests of the great Ameri-
can people. Is or is not this question of a ship-
caaal a matter of interest to all the people of
the country, rather than to any particular sec-
tion? Pass this bill and build this canal, open
up water communication from Chicago to the
ocean eastward in competition with railroad
transportation, and you will cause the rail-
road monopolies to reduce their rates and
equalize them, or, at all eyents, you will afford
the people the advantage of cheaper water
transportation.
Sir, this question is not to stop here. It is
a great question of governmental policy, a
question of vast interest to the whole West as
well as the East—to everybody in the West
who sells bread, and to everybody in the East
who eats it. All the States that border on the
Mississippi river and that lie beyond it, all
that border on the lakes, Superior, Michigan,
Erie, and Ontario are greatly interested in this
improvement. What will be the result of the
construction of this canal? I know the owners
of the elevators at Buffalo may not make so
much money as heretofore, but the people of
the country will derive a great benefit. They
will not rest satisfied with this single improve-
ment. They will demand of the State of Illi-
nois the opening of the Illinois and Michigan
canal to the Illinois river, so as to carry the
line of communication to the Mississippi river.
They will demand that the State of New York
shall open its canals so as to give vessels of
large draft an outlet to the ocean at New York
city. Thus you will have a continuous line
of water transportation from the port of New
York via the Hudson river and the Erie and
Oswego capalsto Lake Ontario, thence through
this Niagara ship-canal and the lakes, thence
through the Illinois and Michigan canal to the
Illinois and the Mississippi river, so that you
will have one grand system of water transport-
ation through the interior from New York to
New Orleans. That will bring competition
with the railroad transportation so that the
people of the West will no longer have to burn
their corn for fuel, as they have had to do in
times past, onaccount of the high rate of trans-
portation, which barred it from the eastern
market. It will make breadstuffs cheaper at
the sea-board, and thus benefit the poor con-
sumer as well as the rich. It seems to me
that he wko cannot see this is blind to the
greatresults that must be developed from the
carrying out of this measure.
_ This thing of attaching to the bill proposi-
tions of minor importance reminds me of a
policy once inaugurated in my own State. In
1836 there wasapolicyof internal improvement
inaugurated in ILinois, of building a great cen-
tral trunk railroad from Cairo to Chicago, for
the purpose of opening up a large portion of
the State, which was then almost a wilderness.
Each man in the Legislature who had a little
country seat on a little spring or river branch
moved to amend the bill by appropriating
money to clear it out and make it navigable,
and to make a little arm of the railroad shoot
out to it. In that way the whole State was
about to be covered with these branches, and
so many side improvements were proposed,
requiring so much money, that the result was
the whole system went down. But the theory
of those who proposed the original scheme was
to take the most important interest within the
State and appropriate money to develop that,
leaving the minor interests to he attended to
afterward. So I say now to the gentleman from
Iowa develop first the great interest; let this
greatwock ofjicmstru.cting_a .ship-c&ual around
