1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1355
me, 1 will send an amendment to the Chair
which I think will preserve all that he deems
valuable iu this bill, and add something to it
besides. I ask to have it read, and I will offer
it after the amendments of the committee are
disposed of.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, which was to strike out all of the bill
after the enacting clause and to insert:
That all acts and parts of actseonferring the frank-
ing privilege upon members of the Senate and House
of Representatives be, and the sauie are hereby, re-
pealed.
Mr. CONKLINGr. That will dispense with
the fac simile stamps.
Mr. POMEROY. But how about the heads
of Departments and all the heads of bureaus ?
Mr. CONKLIN G. We can take care of them
sepai-ately.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust we
shall he willing to take one step at a time. I
know the attempt has often been made in the
last dozen years to abolish the franking privi-
lege to members of Congress in both Houses,
and it may be made now, but it will not suc-
ceed. By endeavoring to do too much we shall
do just nothing at, all. It is manifest that a bill
of that kind would have to receive the consid-
eration of a number of days by each body.
Some provision would .have to be provided as
a substitute ; and to d6rthat would require the
attention of the committee for some little time.
This bill seems to me to attempt a remedy for
a palpable evil, a gross abuse; and if the
phraseology is not exactly what it should be,
it can be very easily amended. I trust, there-
fore, we shall be content to show that we are
in earnest iu relation to this particular, and
pass this bill without attempting to do some-
thing in which it is inevitable that we shall
fail.
Mr. FERRY. I will vote for the amendment
of the Senator from New York—indeed I had
prepared one similar—but believing that the
probability is that that amendment will not
pass, although I shall vote for it, I would sug-
gest that, if we are to accomplish anything,
the wisest course for us is to vote down the
amendments of the committee and to pass this
bill exactly as it came from the House of Rep-
resentatives. and thus advance one step toward
removing the existing abuses.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is it,
exactly.
Mr. FERRY. If we send this bill back to
the House of Representatives amended the
amendments will not be concurred in, and the
bill will fail. I think all of us familiar with
the progress of business her6 at this stage of
the session can very clearly discern that.
Again, the bill as amended by the committee,
instead of abolishing the use of the stamp
expressly authorizes it, for they have stricken
out the word "autograph" in the House bill,
and authorized in the exercise of the franking
privilege a " written or authorized signature,"
directly nullifying the object of the bill as it"
came from the House. I hope the Senate will
vote down the amendments of the committee
and pass the bill as it came from the House of
Representatives.
Air. HOWE. I agree cordially with the
Senator from Vermont, that we should be con-
tent to take one step at a time; hut I differ
with, him a little as to the step weslwuld take.
I do not think the adoption of this bill before
us is the step to take; but I think the adoption
of the measure proposed by the Senator from
New York in his amendment is one. I am
willing to be fair with the Government and
with the people. I ara hired by the year, and
I am willing to work the year and do as much
work as I can in that time. But, Mr. Presi-
dent, I have tried jt; I have tried it faithfully;
and I cannot do the work which my constit-
uents demand of me here in the Senate and
frank with my written signature, with my writ-
ten autograph, the amount of mail matter which
they desire to have, or even that which your
laws provide for distribution among them. I
appealed to the Postmaster General himself
to point out to me some relief from this labor.
I believe he examined the laws thoroughly and
did not find any. I discovered, somehow or
other, that a stamp was employed; and I think
he told me that stamps were employed in the
Department. I have resorted to that expe-
dient. I have used one for two or three years.
I never heard of any abuse of it. I do not
know that there has not been some abuse.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. They are
easily counterfeited.
Mr. HOWE. I do not think they are coun-
terfeited. I think they may not be sufficiently
guarded.
Mr. FERRY. They are counterfeited every
day in New York. They take one of our auto-
graphs from an envelope and make a stamp
of it and use it.
Mr. HOWE. They will not if you make it
a State prison offense to do it, and then under-
take to enforce your law.
Mr. FERRY. They send circulars all over
the United States in that way.
Mr. HOWE. You punish counterfeiting,
and punish it as counterfeiting once, and it
will not be repeated; at least it will not be
repeated to such an extent that it will be a
burden upon the carrying of the mails.
But, Mr. President, I think this is not the
only abuse. I think there is another abuse
much more expensive to the Government than
this of the use of the stamp or the use of the
frank in any form. It is the amount of matter
that you print here and compel members of
Congress to distribute. If you strike down the
franking privilege, wipe that right out now,
you will not only prevent all the abuses of the
franking privilege, but you will prevent that
expense which is now incurred by the Govern-'
ment by the legitimate use of the franking
privilege, and you will inevitably lead to a vast
reduction in the cost of the public printing;
and you may do that without any wrong to the
people. I admit it is of public importance that
the leading documents should be printed and
di stributed among the people; but I do not admit
that they should be distributed as they are now,
one year a book sent to one man and another
year the same sort of book sent to another
man; but there should be collections made of
them, libraries, so to speak; perhaps one in
each county; perhaps you could go to the ex-
tent of one in a township; but they should be
kept as libraries for the reference of all the
people in thfc municipality, whatever it is, and
your laws might provide for the printing of
such documents and for the distribution of
them in that way, franked by the head of some
one of the Departments. Then you may take
from the members of Congress the franking
privilege at no greater cost to their respective
constituencies than this: that their corre-
spondents would have to do their part of the
franking and we should have to do our part
of the franking.
Bat if you will not abolish the franking privi-
lege, if you still leave that to us, we have no
good excuse for not attending to all the cor-
respondence that the whole world wants to
have with us, and we have no good excuse, if
we have the time, if it is possible, for not dis-
tributing all this matter that you publish from
one year to another; and, instead of legisla-
tors, we are made clerks, not, I think, to the
advantage of the country, and not to the
advantage of our respective constituencies. I
would a great deal rather be released from this
duty of a clerkship, and commenc^to fit my-
self, as soon as I am relieved from it, for the
duties of a legislator. I think after a time I
could acquire some little fitness for that posi-
tion. I do not claim any now; and I never
shall until you take this load from me. Bui,
if you will not do that, do not put this other
load on me. I have tried that once, and like
it not; and I do not want to be forced to try
it again. ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Agreeing with what has
been said by the Senator from Connecticut as
|| to the importance ot doing something, I will
II withdraw the amendment which I suggested.
if it was in order for me to make it, as I am
not sure whether it was or not. At any rate,
I will withdraw it, and I will unite with him
and try to pass the bill jast as it came from
the House, because I apprehend we shall get
nothing unless we do that; and the Post Office
Committee can bring in another bill at this
session yet, if there is likely to be any difficulty
arising out of this in the Departments.. I ap-
prehend that is the only v?ay that we shall
accomplish anything.
Ever since I have been member of Congress
we have heard these same speeches about
abolishing the Tanking privilege; bat the bills
have always fallen between the two Houses,
and we never have been able to accomplish
anything. Ordinarily when a reform of this
kind is introduced we have the same sort of
arguments that we have listened to to-night;
that this is not the particular way to do it; that
the great objection is in publishing books ; and
that that must be corrected. Let us leave that
to another occasion. Let us correct this abuse
of the franking privilege which is not simply
a tax upon the Government, but is demoral-
izing the people, teaching them dishonesty,
teaching them to disregard law and to violate
law; for it is notorious that franked matter is
going all over the country, not franked by the
persons whose names it purports to bear. That
ought to be corrected. It is bad in every point
of view. By passing this bill we can accom-
plish something.
Now, the Senator from Wisconsin proposes
to get rid of publishing books. We will take
care of that at some'other time. I do not know
that he says exactly that he has not the time
to frank, but he says he cannot frank his
matter. I do not know how it'is with other
members of Congress; but no paper ever went
under my frank that I did not -write my name
myself upon the paper, unless it was a forgery.
I never used a stamp ; nor did 1 ever authorize
a human being to write my name upon any
document. As we can accomplish something
by adopting the House bill as we have it, for
the sake of accomplishing this much, although
it is not exactly in the shape we want it, I
hope my friend, the Senator from New York,
who objects to this abuse and wants to get rid
of the whole of it, will consent to just let us
take the House bill as we have got it, and ac-
complish that much, and if it -does not work
well we can correct it afterward. It certainly
will correct one great abuse.
Mr. HOWE. I differ with the Senator from
Illinois upon that last statement of bis. It will
not correct the abuse, and it will not begin to
correct the abuse. A member of Congress who
will not make an honest use of a stamp will
make a dishonest use of his frank. A member
of Congress who finds nothing better to do than
to frank documents will step outside and attend
to it and make money out of it, if he has no
conscience in regard to the matter; but a mem-
ber of Congress who will use his frank con-
scientiously will see that^ his stamp is used
conscientiously ; and if it is only matter which
is proper to be franked that is franked it is not
the business of the Goveram&nt whether the
frank is put on with a pen or with a stamp. It
does not make any difference to the revenue;
it is none of the Government's business. The
conscientious use of one instrument is just as
salutary, just as cheap, and no more demoral-
izing than the other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does itnot multiply the
chances of abuse?
Mr. HOWE. Very slightly.
( Mr. TRUMBULL. Have not Senators told
i us how they are used in New York, now ?
Mr. RAMSEY. We have hundreds of speci-
mens, that come through the Post Office De-
partment, of lottery tickets and notices of every
sort and kind, stamped by thousands and thou-
sands by the free use of these stamps. If you
require a member of Congress to sit down and
put his own frank on every document and let-
ter there will be some conscience involved m
it; he will hesitate before doing wrong ; but if
he can let some friend, some neighbor, some
