1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Reduction of the Army—Mr. Garfield.
Ho. of Bees.
one department, the Committee on Military
Affairs were of the opinion that the Consolida-
tion of the three might safely be made. But
they were not willing to recommend so radical
a change in the organization of the Army on
their own judgment alone: they called to their
aid officers whose professional duties enabled
them to speak from practical knowledge.
It is due to the distinguished officers at the
head of the several staff departments to state
that most of them were opposed to the pro-
posed consolidation. And I ought to say that
during the late war these deoartments per-
formed the duties severally devolved upon
them with great efficiency. I do not doubt
that our Army was better fed and clothed and
more bountifully supplied than any army in
modern times; and it was paid as promptly as
the state of the Treasury would permit. Great
praise is due to the men who organized and
managed the vast machinery by which the
supplies were furnished. But I have no doubt
that a staff organization less divided and less
independent in its subdivision might have sup-
plied the Army equally well and much more
economically. I hope soon to lay all the testi-
mony before the House, but in the short time
now at my command, I can do little more than
refer to it. I will, however, place on record
a few passages which exhibit the opinion of
some officers who testified on the point I am
now discussing.
The following, from the Secretary of War,
exhibits his opinion on the subject:
" WASHINGTON', D, C., February 3,1889.
"General John M. Schofield, Secretary of War, ex-
amined by Mr. Garfield :
" Question. State whether in your judgment the in-
terests of the public service would bo promoted or
otherwise by the consolidation of the quartermas-
ter's, commissary's and paymaster's departments:
whether in your opinion such consolidation would
be practical or economical ?
" Answer. I have no doubt of the practicability of
consolidating these three departments, and I think it
would promote efficiency of administration. How
much it would conduce to economy is a matter
which could hardly be decided except by actual
experiment. Efficiency of administration will neces-
sarily be promoted by unity of notion. The various
duties of the three supply departments of the Army
are very intimately connected in their administra-
tion, and no inconvenience, X think, would result
from uniting them in one administrative depart-
ment. Economy of administration will result at
least to this extent, that at points where the division
now exists it necessarily happens that an officer has
sometimes less labor to perform in his own depart-
ment than he is able to do, and yet for the manage-
ment of the three branches of supply an officer for
each must bo stationed there. If consolidated the
labor of two or more of these departments might
very well be performed by the same officer."
In General McDowell's testimony he gives
the origin and history of the several staff de-
partments of the Army, and sketches the pro-
cess by which the work of division has gone
steadily on for half a century. From the or-
ganization of the Government under the Con-
stitution down to 1812; the supplies of the Army
were not furnished by the War Department at
all, but by the Secretary of the Treasury. The
pay department was not a distinct organiza-
tion as it now is until 1819. After further
exhibiting the history of these departments,
General McDowell said:
" The committee will now see to what extent these
supply depart meats have hitherto been consolidated.
As to their being: now formally united, I am of tho
opinion that the quartermaster's and subsistence
departments should not he dibtiner, but that they
should bo merged into a single department. I think
for several reasons the service would be benefited
by having a single instead of two such departments.
" Question. State your reasons for that opinion.
"Ansioer. When the rations of subsistence are pur-
chased by the subsistence department, and are to be
sent to the military posts, or to troops, for issue in
the field, they pass out of tho hands of that depart-
ment into those of tho quartermaster's department,
which then becomes responsible for them till they
reach their destination, where they are received by
an officer of somo regiment not an officer of either
department, but doing duty in both. As an acting
assistant Quartermaster ho receives the stores from
the contractors or the Government trains, as the case
may be, and then, as an acting assistant commissary
of subsistence, ho cares for and issues them to the
troops, and accounts for their issue or expenditure.
He has two sets of employes, one for each depart-
ment; two sets of extra duty men and two sets of
clerks; makes out two sets of reports and accounts,
and has two lines of accountability and is under two
superiors; all of which is unnecessarily cumbersome,
complicated, and. expensive.
" Then the officers of the commissary department,
as such, arenaturally anxious the expenditures from
the appropriations made by Congress for this depart-
ment should be kept down, as far as possible, to the
minimum. Theirtendency is therefore to make these
purchases at the lowest rates. Bat the cost to the
United States of the subsistence is not only the prime
cost, but in addition thereto the cost of transport to
the place of consumption. This latter item is paid
by the quartermaster's department, and is not un-
frequently greater than the first cost paid by the sub-
sistence department. Tho quartermaster is just as
anxious to. keep down his expenditure as the com-
missary, and hence the two are, or there is a tend-
ency for them to be, at variance, which would not be
the case if they were in one and the same depart-
ment. The tendency now is for cach department to
look after itself, and it requires some common head
to see that theservice does not suffer.
"Question. Does not the department commander
have some supervision ?
" Answer. If the department commander looks very
closely into the subject, the service will not suffer.
If he should overlook it it would. It is, however, a
needless strain 011 him to have to reconcile these
corps differences. Then the double orders and in-
structions of the two chiefs to the single officer doing
the double duty frequently results in his making at
the same post two contracts forthesame article un-
der different instructions from two persons. Forin-
stance, under one to contract for hay in the quarter-
master's department for the mules, and in tne other
for hay tor the beefcattle of the commissary depart-
ment, and has to keep his hay stocks apart and ac-
count for them separately.
"Question. State at what point tho practicable
operations of the two departments divide?
"Answer. Beginning at the post one man does the
two duties under the direction of two different offi-
cers, or of the same officer in two capacities at
department headquarter?.
tkI have had the double duty done by the same
officer for the department of the Pacific, then ex-
tending from the forty-ninth parallel to Sonora and
including with Utah the whole country west of the
Rocky mountains, and it went more smoothly than
with two. The officer said he would rather do the
two duties than have the trouble of having it done
by another in conjunction with himself; that with
an additional clerk the duty could be done under
one officer at department and division headquarters
better than under two acting independently of and
not always in harmony with each other.
"Question. Do you speak of geographical depart-
ments?
"Answer. Yes. Papers would come to me as de-
partment commander concerning somo loss or dam-
age of stores which would have to pass back and
forward between the two departments, when it
should be disposed of by one. There is nothing in
the nature of things why the officer who buys the oats
for the horses should not buy the beans for the men.
It is. as you see, only lately, and it seems to me from
originally personal reasons, .not now existing, that
we had an entire department for the sole purpose
of purchasing food. It is not the case in either of
rhe large military establishments of England or
Trance.
"Que«fion,(byMr.DoDGE.) Have you not frequently
seen trouble arise between the commissary and the
quartermaster in relation to the storage of supplies,
one furnishing the storage and the other the sup-
plies?
"Answer. I have known them disagree about it.
The commissary who uses the warehouse is not con-
cerned for its rent, and is not held back as the quar-
termaster is, who pays it. If there were but the one
service no such questions could arise. But now tho
subsistence department is responsible for what is
inside the house and the quartermaster for the house
itself and for the persons to take care of it."
It will be seen by this testimony that this
officer has successfully consolidated the two
departments in his late command on the Pa-
cific coast, and thus proved its practicability.
The gentleman from Illinois near me [Mr.
Logax] suggests that he would like some evi-
dence from an officer who had himself per-
formed both duties. I am glad to be able to
furnish just such evidence as he asks for. It is the
testimony of General Kufus Ingalls, one of the
most distinguished officers in the quartermas-
ter's department, whose services as chief quar-
termaster of the Army of the Potomac during
the war has become an illustrious part of our
history. I quote from his testimony :
" By the Chairman :
"Question. Tho committee desires to know your
opinion as to the propriety of merging the commis-
sary, the quartermaster's, and the pay department
into one department; and in case whether in your
judgment you believe it can be safely done what
would bo the appropriate means of reaching such a
result ?
I have never digested any particular
plan; buc I have always been of the opinion that the
quartermaster's and subsistence departmentsat least
could be merged, with a less number of officers than
are now in the two departments; and I have been
of the opinion that the pay department eauld be
merged also into the other two, calling it, for in-
stance, a bureau of disbursements and supplies; and
that the troops could be paid oftener; or if the law
be not changed on that subject, could be paid with
infinitely more regularity under that system than
they are now. The quartermaster's department is
charged with the purchase and transportation of all
supplies not particularly designated as subsistence
supplies. Nineteen twentieths, and probably more,
of all the supplies (so far as the number of article? is
concerned) that are purchased are purchased by the
quartermaster's department. There are compara-
tively very few articles of supplies that are purchased
by the commissary department; but when these arti-
cles are purchased in large quantities at the principal
markets they are there turned over generally in bulk
to the quartermaster'sdepartment. We have to per-
form all the transportation; we have to take up these
commissary supplies and transport them to tho dif-
ferent points and keep transporting them until they
finally disappear in the stomach of the soldier. The
commissary department has little else to do except
to purchase them, and that can be done on sample.
What I mean to say is this: that if a thousand barrels
of pork are to be sent to the Army in Texas from
New York city, and if I have to transport them, I can
select a time.for doing so. If one officer had charge
of the purchase and of the transportation the thing
could be done with much more economy in trans-
portation than now. The subsistence department,
for instance, might state that this thousand barrels
of pork were needed in great haste, so that i would
have to send them by steamship instead of sending
them by sailing vessels. i have been put, in the
course of my service, to agood deal of inconvenience
and extra expense on that account, from being com-
pelled to transport subsistence in away and at a time
when it could have been done a great deal more con-
veniently and less expensively if I had had my own
way about it, and if I had had the purchasing as well
as the sending. If a requisition is made on me for
the transportation of supplies of that kind, not of my
own department, it is not generally left Optional
with me as to the manner and time of sending. The
requisition is generally of a peremptory character,
and I am called on to execute it because the depart-
ment making it is presumed to know its wants better
than myself.
" Question. As a matter of fact are there not now a
large num ber of officers who perform both functions ?
" Ansioer. When it comes to the troops that is the
case. The great mass of the duties are performed
by officers generally who are acting as commissaries
and quartermasters, and that person is, ten to one,
a young lieutenant who is performing both duties in
connection with the troops.
" Question. In performing both duties does he keep
separate accounts ?
"Answer. Of course.
" Question, ^.nd has separate clerks?
"Answer, He ought to have. Thepapersin both
are sufficientlyvoluminoustomakeitnecessary, and
the accounts are kept just as separately as though
two officerswere performing the duties, because they
go to different heads here m Washington.
" Question. Would itsimplify the mode of beeping
accounts if one officer had to do the whole and send
the accounts through to one head?
It would, undoubtedly; but the present
mode of rendering accounts would have to be modi-
fied to suit that. For instance, in the quartermaster's,
department we have our own forms which are pre-
scribed by regulations having the force of law, and
which we have to follow. If the subsistence depart-
ment were merged in that of the quartermaster's all
that would have to be done would be to place their
articles on the quartermaster's papers and account
for them in the same manner that we do now for
oats and hay and paints, and infinite variety of
materials. 1't probably would not add more than
ton or twelve additional columns to the property
returns.
" Question. Did I understand you to say that of all
the purchases made for supplying the Army nine-
teen twentieths of the number of articles are made
by the quartermaster's department ?
M Ansioer. It would be better to say that a very great
proportion of them is mado by the quartoruiasfcor'a
department. In my opinion it amounts to ninety -
! nine percent.; but that may be an over estimate,
1 The articles bought in the subsistence department
are specified, and are very few.
" Question. Suppose Congress were to declare that
hereafter all the duties now discharged by the com-
missary department should be discharged by the
quartermaster's department, do you know any pr^v-
. tical difficulty in the way of transferring all tho
! accounts and purchases over to the quartermaster
department? , , t
"Ansioer. I do not, On the other hand, tho suo-
sistence department might make the same remai k.
** Question. You know of no practical objection ?
"Answer. No, sir. In my own experience of more
than twenty years, whenever I have had the privi-
lege of doing it, I have assumed the duties of Mi< 
subsistence department at tho large depots. I did
it in Oregon for yeais. I was the commissary thei n
of the whole coast north of Ran Francisco, which is
now the department of the Columbia. I was com-
missary and quarteimaster there at a very I.-nso
depot.
" Question. Suppose the two departments were con-
solidated, what per cent, of reduction of ofii-ial
