1869.
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
408
the time which belongs properly to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Van Hobs.] I
therefore resign the floor to him.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I now
yield to my colleague, [Mr. Churchill.]
Mr. CHURCHILL. Mr. Speaker, no one
needs to make apology for standing up at
the present day to* advocate the construction
of the work contemplated by this bill, which,
when completed, will place one of the noblest
results of human industry beside the great cat-
aract which since its discovery has attracted,
as it must always continue to attract, the won-
dering admiration of every beholder. The con-
struction of a ship-canal around the Falls of
Niagara has for more than half a century been
urged by the ablest, the wisest, and the most
far-seeing of our public men. In 1808 it re-
ceived the emphatic indorsement of Albert
Gallatin, then Secretary of the Treasury. For
many years after it held in equal poise in the
minds of the great men who originated the
canal policy of the State of New York, the
route of the Erie canal, and the scale was
turned, not by the commercial advantages of
the latter route as a better communication with
the great but then undeveloped West, but by
the superior advantage of that route to the
State of New York itself in opening to settle-
ment the rich fields of western New York, then
almost uninhabited, andin giving its infant but
growingtovvns access to a remunerative market.
On the 11th of September, 1834, aState conven-
tion held at the city of Utica, presided over by
James G. King, of the New York Chamber of
Commerce, and attended by not a;few of the
men who helped to lay the foundations of the
commercial prosperity or that State, adopted
unanimously the following resolutions:
" Resolved, That among the great objects of internal
improvement indisputably ot a national character
this meeting regards tlie construction of a navi-
gable communication between Lakes Erie and On-
tario as the moat prominent, the most simple, to
be obstructed by fewer difficulties, to be accom-
plished at the least expense, and most likely to con-
tribute to the common defense and the general wel-
fare of the Union. , .
" Resolved, That the military defense ot the exten-
sive fiontier lying upon the St. Ltwience, the lakes,
and fbe communicating rivers is worthy of the higil-
est consideration of the national Government, and
that in the opinion of this meeting no measures
would more largely contribute to that defense than
a free navigation from the St. Lawrence to the head-
waters of Lake Michigan.
"Resolved, therefore. That the_construction ot a
ship-eanal around the Palls of Niagara, by wlnca an
uninterrupted navigable communication niny be
effected between Lake Ontario and the upper lakes,
is an objectworthy of the immediate attention ot the
General Government, and claiming a liberal appro-
priation of the surplus revenues of the nation; that
a memorial expressive of the wishes and purposes ot
of this convention be transmitted to our senators and
Representatives in Congress, and that they be re-
quested to present the same to the House ot ltepre-
sentatives, and to make useoi' every honorable^ciiort
to carry into effect the foregoing resolutions.
One of the results of the movement thus
inaugurated was the survey by Captain W. G.
Williams, of the United States Army, made
during the year 1835, and which, from the full-
ness and accuracy of its details, yet remains
an authority upon all matters connected with
this canal. Since 1835 this canal has been the
subject of numerous favorable reports from
successive standing and select committees of
this House ; one of the shiest of which was
written and presented by the Representative
from the Brie district, in the State of New
York, and more than once it has received the
approval of this House by decided majorities.
State Legislatures, the Chamber of Commerce
of the city of New York, and other public bodies
have given it their emphatic indorsement;
among the last but not the least of which was
thafcof the national commercial convention held
at the city of Boston in February, 180S, com-
posed of delegates from thirty-six boards of
trade and chambers of commerce, from Maine
to California, and who unanimously adopted
she following resolution:
"Whereas navigation affords the cheapest of all
known means of inland transportation; andwtioreas
Lake Ontario extends lake navigation nearly three
hundred miles farther eastward; Theretoro
" Resolved. That a free ship-canal around the Falls
of Niagara is vitally essential to the public mterosts,
and is a commercial necessity that demands the
attention and the action of Congress."
A -work which has so long held its place in
the public eye, and has received the approval
of such men and bodies of men, will not suffer
from cries about schemes and jobs coming
from men whose craft is in danger, from which
they have their wealth, nor even by the per-
haps pertinent inquiry of my colleague, the
honorable gentleman from the Erie district,
why private individuals have not contributed
the large sums and assumed all the risks of a
great public work—-coming though the inquiry
does from the Representative of a State not
one foot of whose nine hundred miles of canals
has been built by private enterprise. The
importance of the work proposed by this bill is
twofold—military and commercial. As a mili-
tary work alone its importance justifies the
expense of its construction. The navigable
coast line of the great lakes and their connect-
ing rivers exceeds, within our Territory, three
thousand miles, dotted along nearly its entire
extent with rich and populous cities and towns,
and with a commerce constituting more than
oue third of the whole commerce of the United
States, all of which would be at the mercy of
an enemy having possession of the Lakes. The
opposite shore is held by the only naval Power
with which we have ever carried on war, and
the only Power with which we are likely to
have hostile collision in the future.
It will not do to say that the probability of
such a war is too remote to make it a proper
ground for the appropriation of so large a sum
money, since to provide against that very prob-
ability we have appropriated more than eight
million dollars within the last five years for
permanent fortifications along the sea-board,
besides the large sums we have expended in
maintaining a Navy in great part for the same
purpose. For the protection of a navigable
coast of equal extent, with a population soon
to be of equal numbers, and with a commerce
of nearly equal value, we have less than halt a
dozen small forts, and, with the exception of
half a dozen revenue-cutters, but a single
armed vessel. The average annual appropri-
ation for the defense of the sea-board would
alone suffice to commence and carry on the
construction of this great work.^ Fas est ab
hoste doccri. It is worth our while to observe
the course pursued by our ancient and possibly
future enemy.
At the close of the last war with Great Brit-
ain, sho, profiting by the experience she had
gained in that war, and with the sagacity which
makes her guard the most distant outpost of
her empire, determined to improve the defense
of her colony. To that end she caused care-
ful surveys to be made of the country between
Lakes Brie and Ontario, and between the lat-
ter and the navigable waters of the St. Law-
rence; and in 1818, when she had not yet re-
covered from the strain of her great wars, nor
begun to reduce her enormous debt, nor re
sumed specie payments, she commenced the
construction of the Rideau canal, and soon
after of the Weiland canal, both of which were
built as military works at the cost and under
the supervision of her war department, lo
them were afterward added the canals aroupd
the rapids of the St. Lawrence, costing, with
the others, more than §20,000,000. By these
she can place a large part of her navy at once
upon our undefended coast. _
The capture of Mason and Slidell brought
us into unexpected danger of immediate war
with Great Britain. All that our Government
could then do was to call upon the Governors
of the northern States to take measures to pro-
tect the unprotected borders. Great Britain,
on the other hand, as the list of ner navy shows,
had at that time mure than two hunared^steam
guu-boats and other vessels of war of ui.nen-
sions to pass the locks of her canals and to
enter LakeOntario. Itwas with reason, there-
fore, that meetings of anxious citizens were
then held all along the lake frontier to con-
! sider how they could best protect themselves
from the impending danger.
In the event of war we could not give up
Lake Ontario. To do so would not only abandon
three hundred miles of coast to the ravages of
the enemy and introduce that enemy into the
heart of the country, but would make tenable
only at euormous cost the two principal com-
munications between the East and the West,
to wit, the New York Central railroad and the
Erie canal—for, running as they do for one
hundred aud fifty miles parallel to Lake On-
tario, and at a distance varying from six to
thirty miles from it, they could only be defended
against the incursions ot an enterprising enemy
having possession of the lake, by maintaining
an army whose cost would soon equal the
expense of the construction of the proposed
canal.
To hold I he lakes without any communica-
tion between them on our part would make it
necessary for us to put upon each lake a fleet
equal to what Great Britain could put upon
both, since we would be liable at any time to
meet her entire fleet upon either. This neces-
sary duplication of ships, armament, and men
would also soon equal in expense^ the sum
mentioned in this bill. The battle lor the su-
premacy of the lakes, in the event of another
war witli Great Britain, would be fought upon
Lake Ontario. If successful there the upper
lakes would be safe. With proper communi-
cation between them the commercial marine
of the lakes, with their large and staunch screw
steamers and sailing vessels, would furnish a
fleet which might be ready for action before
the fir.st English gun-boat had reached their
waters.
But this danger is sneered at because, m the
event of war, we should promptly protect our-
selves by taking Canada, The military strength
of the Uanadas has been increased by their
consolidation; for it will give unity to their
councils, and our own history gives us an ex-
ample that three million people, fighting upon
their own soil, can baffle and finally defeat an
enemy many times their number. But we may
well hesitate in adopting such a suggestion
when we remember that, in our last struggle
with this people ourrepeatcd efforts atinvasion
were repeated failures; that we were ourselves
the invaded quite as often as we were invad-
ers, and that in one of their invasions ot our
own territory the home of the honorable gen-
tleman who proposes this mode oi removing
the danger was reduced to ashes by the enemy
he despises.
In the event of a war, should such an inva-
sion lie attempted, for the purpose of obviat-
ing a danger which the power to concentrate
our naval force upon the lakes might have
guarded against, we should be paying in the
blood and lives of brave men for the treasure
we had withheld from this object. The Gov-
ernment of Great Britain has expended
$20,000,000 in gold to protect a distant prov-
ince. This bill asks for less than half thai
sum in gold to protect by the same mode the
hear! of ourcountry. The people of the North-
west, who have contributed their share of the
large sums which have been expended m forts
and navies to defend the sea-board, have a
right to demand, as they do demand, that this
work, so essential as it is to the proper defense
of the country of the great lakes, shall no
longer be postponed. j
But., Mr. Speaker, unlike fortifications and
navies which absorb vast sums and contribute
nothing of wealth or happiness to their build-
ers. the commercial advantages of this work
are greater, and its commercial necessity, it
possible, more imperative than its military
importance. We can make no greater mis-
take in our legislation than to forget the^ mag-
nitude of the country for which we legislate,
and the constant and wonderful progress of
the development of its material interests. I lie
great lakes of the Northwest, whichthis^work
would make one continuous sea, dram 33o.OOO
than
square miles of our own territory, or more t!
the whole territory of France, added to that ot
Great Britain and Ireland, and with acapacity to
support a human population equal to theirs.
