180
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 9
So. of Reps.
Reduction of the Army—Mr. Oarjield.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
force, clerical force, and civil employes could be
made ?
*'Answer. One third, I should say. I mean, add toa
number of officers of the two departments together,
and then one third might be struck off—one third of
the whole number. On Colonel Steptoe's overland
march across the continent in 1S54 and 1855, which
was about as good a teat as could be brought, I was
quartermaster, commissary, and paymaster for the
whole year and a half. We started from Leaven-
worth, where the command was organized, and
marched to Benicia and to Oregon. TVe were a year
and a half in making the march. We wintered in
Salt Lake City. I had the authority of the Secre-
tary of War to draw on the Paymaster General for
moneys to pay the troops, and I had also his au-
thority to act in the subsistence department and to
draw drafts for the necessary purchases, so that with
that command I acted in the three capacities for
that length of time. It was no extra trouble. I
hardly had an extra clerk. I certainly had no ad-
ditional officers. The command wa3 not large, but
it gave me an opportunity of seeing how easily the
duties of the three departments can be performed
by the same person.
"Question. Suppose the three departmentshad been
consolidated into one, and that you had only one set
of returns to make, would not that have simplified
the matter still more ?
"Answer. Oh, certainly. The commissary accounts
are very simple any way, and the addition of ten or
twelve articles more to ray general property return
would have given very little additional labor or re-
sponsibility. In the paymaster's department at that
time there were only some three sets of vouchers:
the payment to the officers, the payment to the
troops, and the payment to the discharged soldiers.
That would have been a matter that would have re-
quired very little time. If the law should prescribe
that the troops shall be paid at the end of every two
months the muster-roll would be handed to me and
I eould pay the troops in a couple of hours.
"Question. Would this plan which you suggest re-
quire the existence of a military chest at head-
quarters?
"Answer. No,sir. Underthepresentsystemallpub-
lie moneys are deposited with the Treasurer, Assist-
ant Treasurer, or public depositories. In that day
it was not so, and we were permitted to deposit with
substantial banks or to keep the money in safes. In
Salt Lake City when I would want to pay the troops
I would draw a draft on the pay department for the
exact amount of the muster-rolls, and any of the
merchants there was only too glad tooash it. Some-
times I would get apremium, which I would take up
on my papers as belonging to the Government; never
a discount, because that is not permissible in any
event. I had no difficulty at all.
"By Mr. Washbuene:
" Question. And the further from headquarters the
greater the premium, is it not?
"Answer. Yes. In New Mexico, Salt Lake City,
and those places, a Government cheek was precisely
what the merchants wanted, and they would be
always glad to give a premium for it. When I got
through to San Francisco I had some checks cashed
at a vory considerable premium by General Sherman,
who was at that time a banker in San Francisco.
There is no difficulty about this thing. When you
are authorized by the Treasury to draw there is no
difficulty about raising money. You can do that in
Texas or anywhere in the country.
" Question. Bo I understand you that at nearly all
, the posts you oan get checks sashed?
"Answer. There may bo some posts where it would
be troublesome—in Arizona, for instance; but I have
been there and have found no trouble about it.
Traders and settlers and that sort of people get around
military establishments, and it is always very easy
for a disbursing officer to raise any amount of money
he may need. I have never found any difficulty of
that sort, and I have served probably at more remote
stations than any other officer of the staff."
It will be seen from this that General Ingalls
actually performed, for a long period, the duties
of these three departments, and declares that
there is no practical difficulty in the way of
consolidating them into one. I should quote
from the testimony of General Hancock were
it before me, but I will only say that he fully
concurs with those I have quoted, and another
officer, (General Ihrie,) who has long been in
the pay department, not only confirms these
views, but long ago presented the draft of a
bill for the consolidation of the three depart-
ments.
For these reasons, therefore, the committee
believe that those three departments can be
consolidated into one, and we have proposed
h section for that purpose which will reduce
the immber of officers very considerably.
There are at present in those three depart-
ments one hundred and eighty-seven commis-
sioned officers.
We hav« proposed a supply department of
one hundred and fifteen officers, making a re-
duction of sixty-eight; and we, believe that all
the duties now performed by the three depart-
ments can ultimately be performed as well as
by the present organizations. Indeed, we think
it can be better done.
The committee, however, do not believe it
possible to determine beforehand the precise
extent to which the reduction in the number
of officers can safely go, and they have placed
the execution of this law in the hands of the
President, giving him such discretion that the
service may not suffer by a sudden and' violent
breaking up of the present organization.
Before the reduction is completed he will
have time and opportunity to communicate
with Congress on the subject, and fo recom-
mend any change that he may deem necessary.
But we have proposed this measure of reduc-
tion as the mark to be aimed at.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As the
gentleman has reached a period, I desire to put
a question to him. He says this cuts off sixty-
eight officers. What does he do with them ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I reserve all I have to
say on that subject to a later point, for I have
not finished what I desire to say with regard to
the consolidation.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to say a word at this
point, because I agree with the gentleman in
reference to consolidation, and I expect he is
more conversant with the matter than I am.
I do not suppose the House will take my testi-
mony, for the reason that gentlemen who are
called before the Military Committee are gen-
erally men of high distinction as military offi-
cers ; but I will say to the chairman that when
I was a boy I was commissary and quartermas-
ter of a regiment, and performed all the duties
with one clerk, and my accounts here show
that I did not owe the Government a cent. I
performed all the duties for two years. That
was in 1848.
Mr. GARFIELD. Iam very glad my friend
has alluded to that, for he has called my atten-
tion to a point I was about to omit, and I think
it will have great weight with members of the
House. At each of the posts, of which there are
many hundreds, there must be an officer to
issue rations and supplies to the troops. That
officer, in ninety-nine cases in one hundred,
performs the duties of quartermaster and com-
missary, so that the duty of issuing the sup-
plies of these two departments to the troops is
now actually performed by one officer, and
what the committee recommend is that wc
continue the union all the way up to Washing-
ton.
I desire to call attention for a moment—■
for I see that my time is rapidly passing—to
the next recommendation for consolidation
made in this amendment. We have an ord-
nance department, separate and distinct, which
has been steadily growing until at last it really
has an independent army under its control.
There are now one thousand enlisted men in
the military service who receive their orders
only from the ordnance department. They
are not a part of the Army under the com-
mand of its generals, but under the command
of a staff corps at Washington. No depart-
ment commander commands them. General
Grant does not command them. They receive
their orders from the ordnance department
alone, unless the President empowers some
other officer to give them orders.
Now, what is the business of this ordnance
department? It is to select the models, and to
manufacture and distribute arms and ammu-
nition for the use of the Army. The men who
use the artillery have nothing to say in regard
to the guns or ammunition they shall use. It
would appear to be only just that the scientific
men who understand all that belongs to the
specialty of artillery should have something to
say about the weapons they are to use.
The testimony of General McDowell on this
point is so full and satisfactory that I quote a
passage from it in place of any further dis-
cussion :
" Question. What is yonr opinion as to the pro-
priety of consolidating the artillery and the ordnanee
department?
" Answer. If you had asked the question as to
whether a corps could not havo been constituted
that would do these two services better than the
present two organizations, I should say yes.
" Question. Give your reason for this?
"Answer. We have now a body of officers (artil-
lerists) who have no lot or part in the devise or man-
ufacture of the artillery and munitions they use, and
a body of officers (ordnance corps) who do not use,
or whose duty it is not to use the guns and projectiles
and munitions they make. This* it is true, applies
but in a far less degree to the other arms of the ser-
vice; but in the artillery good should come of there
being a closer connection between the theory and
practice of the art than exists. In both the English
and the French service the ordnance and artillery,
such as is the latter with us, form one corps.
" Question. Were they ever so in our service?
"Answer. In the Mexican war General Scott used
the ordnance officers in theservice of his siege artil-
lery. They also served in the light battery, and I
find we have had an ordnance department, in which
officers of artillery were on duty at arsenals. We
had no light artillery at that time, nothing but heavy
guns on the sea-board fortifications. We did not
have light artillery until 1833. There are many in-
eonveniencies in having the ordnance and artillery
distinct, but it has also its good side. There is a
good deal to be said in favor of it.
" Question. Has this question been debated in the
Army ?
" Answer. Yes, to a considerable extent. The ar-
tillery mostly desire it, but the ordnance oppose the
consolidation. They command their own arsenals
and report only to their chief in Washington; they
have their appropriations, and construct all their
own buildings, and the consequence is you see the
ordnance establishments very much better than any
other part of the service. They have a very strong
esprit ae corps, and would dislike very mueh to see
themselves merged into any other branch. The diffi-
culties I see in the way are more of a personal nature
than anything else. You get considerable advan-
tage in keeping a man on some special subject.
The committee, therefore, recommend that
the ordnance corps be abolished, and that the
officers and troops connected with it be trans-
ferred to the artillery, and that a reduction be
made to the extent of sixteen officers.
I intend also to move an amendment that the
signal corps be consolidated with the engineer
department. We should keep alive the knowl-
edge of signaling in the Army, and make it a
part of the instruction at the Military Acad-
emy ; but we need no more force than is
necessary for this purpose. I ought to say,
before leaving this subject, that the committee
were impressed with the necessity of a reform
in the staff department beyond what legisla-
tion can accomplish. There is, in nearly all of
them, a tendency to independence, which goes
far toward destroying that unity of command
and authority which should always be pos-
sessed by commanders. The adjutant general's
department, for example, whose duties should
be strictly confined to records, orders, and cor-
respondence, has charge of the recruiting ser-
vice and commands thousands of troops. A
general commanding a geographical depart-
ment has no control over recruits or recruiting
stations ; no control or supervision of arsenals
or depots of provisions, nor of the officers in
charge of them ; nor has he any right to com-
mand an officer of engineers to perform any
duty whatever without special authority from
the President. It appeared in the evidence
before the committee that in one instance dur-
ing the war a captain of engineers protested
against the right of the major general com-
manding the department in which he was sta-
tioned to order him to inspect a fortification
with a view to putting it in a better state of
defense ; and the protest was sustained at
Washington. * In that ease, however, the cap-
tain was justified by one of the Articles of War.
But most of these evils have grown up by
almost imperceptible degrees as matters of
enstom, and need only executive action to
correct them.
There are several other points in the bill of
the committee which I will notice briefly in
passing. We propose not to abolish brevets
altogether, but to regulate them in the future,
so that they shall be conferred only in time of
war for actual service in the face of the enemy ;
and that the precedence in rank and command
conferred by brevet by the Articles of War
