1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Coxg....3d Sess.
151
Reduction of the Army—Mr. Garfield.
Ho. of Eeps.
shall be taken away. I will not stop to discuss
this now. because it has already passed the
House and has gone to the Senate.
We propose also to extend the term of
enlistment in the future from three to five years.
This will give us more efficient soldiers, and at
less expense. We also propose to reduce the
number of non-commissioned officers, and to
muster ou t fourteen of the bands now authorized
by law. I now call attention to the mode of
reduction proposed in this bill. The Commit-
tee on Military Affairs believed that the House
desired the transfer of the Indian Bureau to the
War Department. They therefore put a pro-
vision in this bill for that purpose, in hopes that
it might be allowed to remain. If that had
been done, nearly six hundred civil officers,
Indian agents, and employes of the Govern-
ment in the Indian service, whose total salaries
amount to nearly haif a million dollars a year,
could have been dispensed with and their
places supplied by officers of the Army. That
provision has been stricken out of the bill on
a point of order made by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Bctler.] Therefore one
of the features of the bill as reported from the
committee, which would have provided for the
employment of officers which might be ren-
dered supernumerary by the operation of this
bill, has been changed by the action of the
House, and it rests with the House to say what
further change shall now be made in conse-
quence of this change.
But the Committee on Military Affairs have
so prepared the bill that the mode of disposing
of officers rendered supernumerary by this act
is in one section; and if the House choose to
make a different disposition of them, it can be
done by changing that one section. Ths set-
tlement of the question involved in that section
will require no change in the other sections of
the bill. Let it be remembered that the reduc-
tion proposed is prospective, not necessarily
immediate, for it is placed in the hands of the
President to make the reduction as rapidly as
the necessities of the public service will permit.
It is not certain, therefore, that any officer now
in the service will be rendered supernumerary !
by the President's administration of this law,
though they may be; but it is certain that this
law will before very long bring the Army down
to a much smaller organization than the present
one. The committee have proposed that the
reduction shall be made in two ways. First,
that no further promotions shall be made in
any grade until the aggregateof all the officers
of that grade shall fall below the number pro-
vided for by this bill; and, second, that no
further new appointments of offieersfrom with-
out and no further enlistments of private sol-
diers shall be made until the Army has been
reduced below the limit required by this bill.
I will discuss the merits of this proposition
briefly, and appeal to the House to decide upon
its justice and propriety. And first, what is
the principle on which the Government has
hitherto acted ? I believe I am entirely justi-
fied by history when I say that the principle
of this section is the settled rule of the Gov-
ernment in regard to the Army, the Navy, and
the Marine corps, and has been the rule for
nearly half a century. I do not say that the
rule has never been otherwise, but I say there
havebeen but few if any exceptions to it in our
recent history ; but the military, naval, and
marine peace establishments are not reduced
by musters out, except for personal cause.
I do not take the ground that merely because
a man is in the military service we are to
make him forever an officer, nor that he is
better than other people; but I do maintain
that this section is based on a rule long main-
tained by the Government, and it has at least
this ground of defense, that when men go
into the military peace establishment they do
so in view of all the conditions of that ser-
vice. They agree to take a salary far less, in
many instances, than the salaries they might
| obtain in civil life because of the compen-
sating considerations connected with the ser-
vice; these for example: that if they become
disabled in the line of duty they are under the
protection of the pension laws; that if they
grow old in faithful service they are entitled to
be retired with a small fixed salary for life,
and if they die in the line of .their duty their
families will enjoy the benefit of the pension
laws. On those conditions, with those pros-
pects before them, men have for many years
been entering the military peace establishment
and accepting banishment in the western wil-
derness. It may be that the principle is not a
sound one ; it may be that our fathers settled it
unwisely; it may be that our policy in regard to
both the Army and the Navy has been wrong;
but I appeal to the fact that this is "the settled
principle; and with this understanding of the
case, men have accepted and are holding com-
missions in the peace establishment. The
Committee on Military Affairs have thought it
wise to follow the old rule, to stand by the
established precedents, and they have reported
accordingly.
Let me state another view of the case. Sup-
pose we should at once muster out these offi-
cers : what would follow ? In six months there
would occur in the new army fifty or sixty va-
cancies, and in the course of a year at least one
hundred. How will you fill these vacancies?
You must either reappoint these men with less
rank than they held before, or you must ap-
point new and untried men to fill their places,
when, if you had waited a short time, the re-
duction would be accomplished, the necessity
of new appointments obviated, experienced
officers retained in the Army, and no express
or implied obligations broken. I will not place
this proposition on so low a ground as that we
propose to keep them in the Army merely for
the purpose of feeding them. I will not insult
them by putting them in the attitude of beg-
gars. They can afford to suffer wrong from
us much better than we can afford to inflictit on
them. But, sir, they are at this very time em-
ployed in important, perilous duties. We are in
the midst of an Indian war; and a large portion
of our Army is still required in the South to
maintain the public peace. When faithful
officers in the unreconstructed States are bear-
ing the reproaches and scorn of unrepentant
rebels, and suffering in the name of the Repub-
lic the indignity of those who hate it, their
position will be a most wretched one, if to
the contempt of their enemies should now be
added the neglect and injustice of their friends.
For one, I am not willing, either by speech or
by silence, to give any countenance to such
treatment of the officers of the Army as they
received in this House a few days since, when
the member from New York city [Mr. Wood]
used this language concerning the officers of
the Army:
" Our avenues and streets are filled w'th generals
and taiijor generals and captains and colonels draw-
ing full pay, while tho poor tax-pa; er is overbur-
dened with unnecessary taxation, wrung from him
tor the purpose of supporting these idle vagabonds
who are so well paid and do nothing."
It may become him, who never had any sym-
pathy with the Army when it was engaged in
putting down the rebellion waged by his friends,
to call them ''vagabonds," but it does not be-
come this House to indorse by its action so
unworthy a sentiment. I beg gentlemen not
to forget that both the Secretary of War and
the General-in-Chief of the Army declare that
we ought not to make any immediate reduction
of the Army. But the Military Committee think
we ought to provide for a prospective reduc-
tion, and they have framed their bill with the
view of making that prospective reduction as
rapid as the necessities of the service will per-
mit; but even if it keep a few officers more
than are absolutely necessary the committee
believe it just to stand by the old rule which
has been followed for so many years.
And now let me sum up in brief the results
of this bill. It does not command an instant
reduction and mustering out of officers and
enlisted men; but it does command the Presi-
dent to proceed with the reduction as rapidly
as in his judgment the necessities of the service
will permit, and to proceed with that redaction
until it reaches the limit fixed by Congress.
What is that limit ? We propose to provide
that there shall be a reduction of fifteen regi-
ments of infantry, ,and that hereafter no enlist-
ments shall be made until all the regiments
shall have fallen below the minimum now
authorized by law. According to this reduction
the President will not be allowed to keep in the
Army at any time more than about thirty thou-
sand men. It may be less ; it cannot be more.
By the consolidation of the staff departments
as reported in this bill we provide for a reduc-
tion of six hundred and thirty-eight commis-
sioned officers. There are now not quite three
thousand. It will be a reduction of nearly one
fourth of the total number of commissioned
officers. It proposes to abolish the offices of
General and Lieutenant General on the occur-
rence of the first vacancy in each, and to reduce
the number of major generals to four, and of
brigadier generate to six. I am aware that
many personal considerations enter into this
feature of the bill. I need not say how willing
the committee would be to confer the honor
of promotion to the higher positions of General
and lieutenant generals upon some of the dis-
tinguished and deserving officers now holding
the commission of major general. We yield to
none in admiration and gratitude for their dis-
tinguished services ; but we believe the two
positions referred to were created as special
marks of personal favor, and were not intended
by Congress as permanent grades in the Army,
though the language of the statutes appears to
make them such.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in the few minutes left
me I desire to call the attention of the House
and the country to the history of the relation
which Congress has sustained to the Army.
The past is specially instructive on this subject.
What writer of history does not know and regret
the fact that our revolutionary fathers stained
the noble record of their early legislation by
i the manner in which they treated the Army of
I the Revolution after the war of independence
| had closed. No man can read the history of
| that transaction without the most painful regret.
! But, sir. though there may have been no justi-
1 fieation, yet there was an excuse for their con-
duct which we cannot plead to day. They lived
not far removed from the days of military usurp-
ation. They remembered Cromwell. Theyre-
inembered the times when a standing army was
dangerous to liberty : and so great was their
love of liberty that in that sacred name they
neglected, cruelly neglected, the noble army
which made liberty possible on this continent.
A volume of history, which I hold in my hand,
portrays the dismissal of that heroic army after
the battle forliberty had been fought and won.
It is Greene's Historical Yiew of the American
Revolution, and I take the liberty of quoting
a passage from page 23S:
"Totheoffieers Congress, after much discussion and
delays that savored equally of impolicy and ingrati-
tude, had voted half pay for life. It is painful to
think of the long opposition to tho claims of men
who, besides risking their lives in battle and their
health in the hardships ofcamp, were necessarily cut
off during their most vigorous years from every other
method of providing for themselves or their families.
To some minds the Army seems always to have pre-
sented itself as an object of apprehension. Instrengtn-
ening it against tho enemy they were still disturbed
by the fear of strengthening it against the people;
forgetting that the men who composed it came di-
recUy from the body of citizens, and must sooner or
later return to it, they feared that tho tics by which
long service would bind them to their officers might
prove stronger than the tics by which they wero bound
to their families. Historytroubled them with visions
of Ctesars and Cromwells. and like too many who mis-
apply her lessons they failed to see how utterly unlike
were the ' thirteen colonies' to the dregs of Romulus
or the England of Charles the .First. They erred
where sensible men daity err, by applying to one class
of circumstances tho principles which they have de-
duced from a class radically different." * - *
