1358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
thrown away on the overland route ; the books
are pil«(l up to make bridges across the streams
on that route ; but that is a perversion of the
design.
Why, sir, how many men would have been re-
turned here but for this system? How would my
honorable friend from Michigan, [Mr. Chakd-
i.eb,] who is bearing his fresh laurels with a
meekness that commands the respect, of all,
[laughter,] have appeared in his struggle for a
reflection if it had not been that he had scat-
tered wideoast and broadcast over Michigan,
over that peninsula from Detroit to its remotest
borders, the illuminations of his genius, and
what would they have said ?
Sir, the whole thing is nonsense; and my
only regret is that my honorable friend from
Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] should have fallen into'
it. I regret of course that any one should ;
but it is the climax of my regret that my quiet
and meek friend from Wisconsin should have
deemed it necessary to catch up this clap-trap
about abolishing the franking privilege. Sir,
it Itas existed coextensive with this country.
The intelligence that has been cast through
that avenue to the remotest corners of the
world has brought about an admiration and a
love and a respect for' Eepublican principles
such as no other mean's could have secured.
Who would have blotted out from that univer-
sal intelligence that has been spread abroad
the doings of John Quincy Adams, who stood
almost alone in this fight when there were but
four in the House of Representatives that dared'
utter a word for human freedom. Who would
smother his utterances? Sir, they were "the
resurrection and the life" for this country;
they were like the electric touch; they nerved
the inhabitants of this land for the conflict
which we have just had. Sir, who would blot
out the intelligence that has been cast by
the frunking privilege on the mighty struggle
through which we have gone ?
To be serious, Mr. President., it strikes at the
very root of that broadcast intelligence that
pervades this whole country. Sir, the intelli-
gence that was carried through this avenue and
thatwould havo gone through no other nerved
men in the remotest corners of this land for
the emergency which they recently met. It
nerved the arm of the soldier; it was heard
above the howling of the storm upon the ocean's
bosom,andthesailorsand the mariners, andthe
officers that fought your battles upon the waters
of the deep were nerved and encouraged by
it. Sir, not one in ten of our people, but for
this avenue of intelligence, would have heard
the particulars of that dreadful struggle when
Ihe Alabama went down and the bloodstained
waters of a distant ocean cried the requiem of
those who went down with her. The effect in
my portion of the country was electrical. It
made a soldier or a sailor of almost every man;
and yet we are told that as a matter of econ-
omy this groat privilege should be blotted out.
Sir, has it been reserved to the honorable Sen-
ator from New York and the honorable Sen-
ator from Minnesota to overturn the custom
of three quarters of a century? No, sir. I
tell you the nation will cry outagainst it. The
very youth and old age will cry out against it.
This is the stream of living intelligence ; it is
that fountain that never dries, and creates an
additional thirst and a hankering for the next
volume.
No man's speeches have been read in my
country with more lively interest than those of
ray honorable friend from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Howe.] They are Cicero and Demosthenes
combined—the sweetness of tone of Cicero
and the logic of Demosthenes. In behalf of
toy distant constituency I beg that they shall
not be cut off from the privilege of perusing
them. Cut us not off from this living fountain
of my honorable friend from Wisconsin. I
know that his constituents could live without
l eading mine ; but they are an older people.
My constituents can live without reading mine,
but, they cannot live without reading those of
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin, of the
honorable Senator from New York, and of the
honorable Senator from Minnesota. And in
behalf of their hungry appetite I protest against
this frightful innovation upon the custom of
three quarters of a century.
Sir, were our forefathers blind upon this sub-
ject? I have heard it suggested within a few
years that perhaps the wisdom of the United
States did not increase in the ratio of its popu-
lation. Sir, the day was when the mighty
Webster stood here; when the brilliant Clay
stood here ; when that eloquent gentleman
from South Carolina, Preston, stood here, and
another of'his name from Kentucky, when the
nation hung upon their lisping accents as the
child for parental guidance. They did not pro-
pose to abolish the franking privilege. I re-
member well when the colossal Wright repre-
sented the State of New York, and he did not
propose to abolish the franking privilege. - He
not only did not move it, but he sent forth his
words of wisdom and cast them like bread upon
the waters and they returned manifold in after
days. Why this new-born wisdom and zeal?
Whence does it come from and what is it for?
Economy!
Sir, the mails have got to go whether tliey
carry one Globe or none. The single letter to
the pioneer at the furthest point of civilization
must be carried. Why not take a Globe along?
Why will you send the mail-bag as empty as
my head is of knowledge? Let it be filled with
something substantial. I like to see the Globes
on their way. I have seen them upon the plains
and upon the ocean wave, and they looked like
cousins to me. Their faces were as familiar as
those of my own household. Do not, I beg
the honorable Senator from New York and my
more earnest friend from Minnesota, do not
take that last hope away.
Sir, the general theory is that as nations
grow older they grow wiser. I remember when
one little volume of the Globe contained the
proceedings of a session of Congress; but as
wisdom increased, as my honorable friend from
New York, with his beautiful speeches, has
come here, and my eloquent friend from Min-
nesota who chimes in so sweetly upon this sub-
ject, that one volume has grown to five or six,
or perhaps eight. Sir, let it grow, let the
speeches multiply, but do not serve them as
you would your light by putting it under a
bushel. Let them be read at the sources of
the rivers and in the gorges of the mountains,
by honest men. That is the food they want.
I want my constituents to know whether I per-
form my duties well or not. I want them to
read the list of yeas and nays upon every im-
portant question that is here decided. By
that standard they test me and you. Who
would blot out your record of yeas and nays,
sir? that record so bright even when the very
elements were full of the fragments of dissolv-
ing empire. What would cause you, sir, to
have your yeas and nays stricken from the
history of this country ? Ay, sir, upon your
dying pillow it will be a consolation to you
that although you die the record of your do-
ings will live forever. What is the value of a
record if the people do not know it? Not
one in a thousand of my constituents can come
here to consult the record and see how my
friend or I vote. My constituents live on the
mountain side, and depend upon the uncertain
rumors that float from the Associated Press,
unreliable as most of them are, to judge of
my conduct in the first place; but I finally
bring them to the test of the Globe.
1 would as soOn undertake to take the Bible
away from the Christian world as to take the
Globe from the political world. [Laughter.]
It is to politics what the Bible is to religion.
There are both poetry and religion in politics,
and it is learned only through the Globe.
[Laughter.] Who wonld exchange the reli-
gion of principle which you, sir, and your coad-
jutors, many of whom sleep now the sleep that
knows no waking, through this fearful strug-
gle, for this paltry economy? Who would have
known that the eloquent Sumxer lived had it
not been for the daily proceedings of the Sen-
ate in the Globe? Who woald have known
that the honorable Senator from New York
was transferred from the other end of the
Capitol to this, where he charms us, as he
did the other House, by his eloquence, if it
had not been for his recorded speeches in the
Globe?
Sir, I am astonished, I am arnazed at this
galvanic effort at economy. You must run
your mail to carry a letter to the most distant
point. Shall the mail-bag go empty or full?
That is the question. It costs no more to carry
it full than to carry it empty, and who would
dry tip the fountains of intelligence to our
constituents from this source ?
Sir, let me predict in all sincerity to these
honorable gentlemen that the day that they
admit that theory, the day of the declination
of this Republic comes, and in a century,
notwithstanding its mighty growth in num-
bers and its gigantic proportions, it will be
a pigmy and dwarfed in intelligence. Sir,
take not this standard of judgment from honest
constituencies, by which to judge of the faith-
fulness of their representatives. It is due to
them, it is duo to the history you make, it is
due to every consideration, that you shallhave
recorded with a truthful pen your doings here ;
and I submit to you, Mr. President, 1 submit
to the intelligent public, the question, what is
the value of this record if it is not cast before
the public and disseminated? Nothing.
Therefore, Mr. President, you and the Sen-
ate will excuse me for entering my protest
against this proposition. I haveheard it whis-
pered and heard it suggested, though I never
believed it would be introduced in earnest in
the Senate—I know the New York Tribune
talks about it—that there is a fraudulent use
of stamps. Sir, I never had a stamp, and I
write my name so poorly that nobody can coun-
terfeit it. If any gentleman who writes well,
as most Senators do, should use my frank it
would be detected in a moment.
I know that there is a ery_ for abolishing the
franking privilege. It is said that somebody's
circular has been sent under somebody's frank.
That is a fraud upon the system. Stop the
frauds, but do not stop the stream of intelli-
gence that flows from this source. Punish the
fraudulent, but give to the representative who
has an honest desire to establish a reputation
a means of submitting to his constituents
whether he is entitled to it or not.
Mr. President, I did not vote for the consti-
tutional amendment we had up last night. I
did not like it, and would not vote for it. My
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumker] did
not vote for it, and I want to hold him respons-
ible for that before the Massachusetts public.
I am going to do it; and what avenue have I
got to do it through but the Globe ? No other.
Mr. President, here is the focal point of
knowledge, or it is presumed to be, in this
nation. At great expense we have established
here an Agricultural Department, at which the
fruits and productions of every portion of this
country have been gathered and tested by the
scrutinizing and microscopic view of science.
They issue annual reports that are as pregnant
with useful knowledge as the air with sustain-
ing flowers. And yet my honorable friend
from New York would not allow one of his
constituents, whose very living is derived from
scratching the face of mother earth, to snuff
one single sniff of the knowledge of these agri-
cultural reports, on the ground of economy !
Sir, if by the aid of science we can make two
spires of grass grow where one grew before we
are benefactors. That is what we are doing.
Although my interests with the State of New
York are dissolved forever, I want to see her
fields greener than they arc and her harvests
richer than they are; and we can get the
knowledge to make them so through this Agri-
cultural Department. But for economy's sake
you would cut off that source ofknowledge from
the hungry and thirsty millions of agricultur-
ists. Sir, there is no economy in this. It is
penny wise and pound foolish. He who makes
the acre produce one fourth more than it pro-
duces now is a benefactor in leading us out of
