1360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
0/ •/
better '' and send them this bill of ours for the
total abolition of the franking privilege. I
have no doubt that in the early days of the
Republic the free matter bore about as small
proportion as the Senator from Nevada sup-
poses it still does to the paid matter in the
mails; but the expense of the postal depart-
ment of this Government now has got to be so
large that it is worthy of consideration how its
further expansion can be stayed. Twenty mil-
lions is now the annual cost of that depart-
ment— a much larger sum than the whole
Government involved in the administration of
Joh.n Quincy Adams. While the expenditures
are $20,000,000 a year the revenues from it
amount to about $>14,000,000, so tbat the dis-
crepancy is about $6,000,000 whieh the coun-
try must provide for out of its common Treas-
ury. When I thiBk it has come to this I
think it is a serious question, and one that the
Congress of the United States have a right to
inquire into, whether there is not a remedy
against this growing disparity ? If there is, we
ought to apply it.
Of oourse this.great growth is owing to the
extent of the new countries we acquired' by
our war with Mexico; a portion of it is ac-
counted for by the greater expedition with
which the public at this day require the mails
to be. tuansmitted upon railroads over former
times. All this adds to the expense of the
mail service. Now I beg the Senate to give me
attention while I submit to them a statement
prepared at the post office of this city which
will show in a very striking light the disparity
between the free matter with whieh the mails
are burdened aud for whieh we are compelled
to pay this enormous amount of transporta-
tion, and the paid portion of the mails :
Post Oppicai, Washington City, D. C.,
Februari 3,1869.
Sir: la compliance with your instructions of the
7th January. X herewith annex a statement of tho
weishtof mail matter sont and-received at this office
from tho Uth to 31st Jauuary, 1861):
PoundK
Fro© letters   15,885
NewajMipoirg aacl othojj pointed mattor......3.G38
Letters prepaid...    2.988
Public documents 207,891
The aggregate in that portion of the month
of January is 229,U02 pounds, of whieh so large
a portion was franked matter. Of the mails
received from the 11th. to the 30th of January,
being twenty days:
Pound*.
Free lottars 16,095
Newspapers juid other printod matter 15,804
Letters prepaid        3,764
Ln the face of this great disparity I think it
does become tho duty of the. American Con-
gress to apply some remedy, and 1 see no other
than the total abolition of the franking priv-
ilege, whatever inconvenience may follow from
it. Congress will be in session here certainly
for two weeks, probably for two months, and
they may apply the remedy. But I think after
the great reform which we haye so well received
from the House of Representatives we ought
to show our proper appreciation of it by send-
ing to them a bill going even further than they
have dreamed of going.
Mr. NY 15. The honorable Senator gives tho
statistics of the month of .January, lie knows
as well asevery Senator about this circle knows
(hat the mouth of January is the preponder-
ating month of the franking of public documents
more than almost any other month, because
that is when Senators and. members havo just
come here and documents are printed.
Who makes up the deficit in the Post Office
Department for conveying this intelligence?
The people of this country; and I deny the
right of the houorable Senatorfrom Minnesota,
wlnlethe people do not complain, to enter a
plea in their behalf _ They, pay the sum that
makes up these deficits, for which they receive
ample compensation by the public documents
they get. I here is not a petition upon our
table praying for the abolition of this franking
privilege. It is.thep«opl«,thstpay the deficit;
it is the people that receive the reward ; and
they ask for no change. I do not like this at all.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I do not claim
to be very familiar with the whole system of
the Post Office Department, but from the little
experience I have on the subject I have come
to the conclusion that it would cost the Gov-
ernment just about a certain amount in order to
have the mails transported at all, and I am not
aware that it makes any difference, after your
contracts have been made for the service,
whether you send more or less through the
mails; and I believe, therefore, that if the
franking privilege was abolished to-day and
your contracts relet to-morrow as large an
amount of facility by railroad and stage-coach
and by single-horse carriage would still have
to be retained, and you would have no reduc-
tion whatever in the expenses of your contract
system. I do understand the avidity with which
my constituency upon the border, having less
access to the libraries of the country and of
the world and to the publishing houses of the
country than more favored localities seek for
valuable public information, and I will give it
to them by protesting against the abolition of
the franking privilege now and at all times;
and if any man can make anything by harping
in regard to economy he can have the benefit
of his researches and his labors.
I stand here to play, what has been charac-
terized very properly by the Senator from Ne-
vada to-night, no such game as to undertake
to stultify myself before my constituency and
suppose 1 could impose upon them the idea of
great economy as their servant here by cutting
olf from them this privilege which they have
enjoyed so long. It will be paid for. The
Government will pay for it in some other man-
ner. If they pay for it in this manner, then I
intend that the Government shall pay my post-
age if they claim ray services, and they shall
pay also for the matter that I transmit to my
constituency. 1 have nothing to conceal upon
this or any other question, aud believing that
there is more gas about this proposition than
that which illuminates this Hall to-night, 1 shall
vote heartily against the whole thing.
Mr. RICE. 1 have but one word to say. I
am opposed to the proposition, not so much on
my own account, but L know that my constitu-
ents are in favor of the franking privilege be-
ing exercised for the benefit and the information
they get from it, and for that reason I shall
support it. They pay their portion of taxes
and they are willing to pay it in consideration
of the information they get.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CONKLING. Let it be reported.
The Chief Clehk. The bill, as amended,
reads:
That all acts and parts of acts conferring tho
franking privilege upon members of tlio Senate and
House of Representatives be, and the same aro
hereby, repeated.
Tho amendment was concurred in.
Tho bill was ordered, to be engrossed for a
third reading; and was read the third time.
Mr. MOlliU LL, of Vermont. 1 ask for the
yeas and nays on the passage of the hill.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDENT tempore. The Clerk
will call the roll.
Mr. TIPTON. Is it too late to move a.call
of the Seriato? I move a call of tho Senate.
Mr. CONICLING. I think there is a quorum
here.
Mr. TIPTON. I move a call of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. The only way to call the
Senate is to call the yeas and nays.
Mr. CONKLI'NG. There cannot be a call
of the Senate if a quorum is here, and we can
only ascertain that by calling the roll.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The roll
will be called on the passage of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. On this bill I am paired
with the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cam-
eron.] If he was here he would vote against
the passage of the bill, and I should vote for it.
Mr. SP.RAGUE. I am paired with the Sen ■
ator from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks.] If here
he would have voted "yea," and I should vote
"nay."
Mr. PATTERSON, of New_ Hampshire. I
am paired on this question with Mr. Patter-
son, of Tennessee. I should vote "yea," and
he "nay."
The result was announced—yeas 16, nays
18 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony,Conkling, Corbett, Ferry,
Howe. McCreery, Morgan. Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Trumbull, Wade,
Whyte, Willey, and Wilson—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Cole, Fessendcn, Fowler, Harris,
Howard, Kellogg, McDonald. Nye, Osborn. Rice,
Robertson, Sawyer. Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Tip-
ton, Welch, and Williams—38.
ABSKNT—-Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Buekalew,
Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Conness, Cragin, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Drako, Edmunds, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, Harlan, Henderson, Hendricks, Morton,
Norton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson of
Tennessee, Pool, Ross, Saulsbury, Sherman. Sprague,
Thayer,VanWinkle,Vickers,Wajner, and Yates—32.
So the bill was rejected.,
LUTHER M'NEAL AND S. M. GATES.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 800) for the relief of Luther McNeal, late
postmaster at Lancaster, Erie county, New
York.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It provides for the payment,
to Luther McNeal of $178 35 for money and
postage stamps belonging to the United States,
and which were stolen from the post office at
the town of Lancaster, Brie county, New York,
while he was postmaster, and which sum he
has paid the Government on settlement with
the Post Office Department as such postmaster,
but McNeal is to make proof to the satisfaction
of the Postmaster General that the money and
stamps were stolen without any fault on his
part.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads was in
line four, to strike out " $178 H5" and to in-
sert " $175 46."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing as an additional section :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in the settle-
ment of the accounts of Setli M. Gates, postmaster
at "Warsaw, New York, with the Post Office JJepart-
ineri I, the Postmaster (general be, and ho is hereby,
authorized to allow a credit to thesaidSeth M. Gates
of $726 73, the amount in value of postage stamps
belonging to the United States stolen from the post
office on the 16th day of July, 18G7. whito tho said
Gates was postmaster: Provided, That it shall satis-
factorily appear to tho Postmaster General that the
said Gates was guilty of no negligeaee in the custody
of the said stamps.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to hear the
report of the committee.
Mi*. RAMSEY. I do not know that there is
a written report. This is a House bill which
upon examination of the testimony we agreed
to. I will state to the Senator, for his inform-
ation and that of the Senate, all the facts.
The first case is that of McNeal, of some town
in western New York. His store was robbed,
and tho safe in which ho kept his own' moneys
and the moneys of the Government was pried
open and this amount taken out. Tho thieves
wore arrested and sentenced to confinement
in the penitentiary, and one of the parties con-
fessed to the larceny. It amounts to $1 75, The
other case is also in the Stato of Nov/ York,
and the evidence is about the same.
Mr. CORBETT. I am afraid if we pass this
hill there will be a great many more robberies;
and I am very much afraid that it will be for
the interest of a great many postmasters to be
robbed, and that we shall have bills after bills
presented here for restitution and to pay post-
masters for postage stamps stolen from them.
It seems to me this is one of the most danger-
ous precedents we could establish. I should
like to know whether there is any proof of
the amount of postage stamps that were in the
safe.
Mr. RAMSEY. Usually the Senate has
some confidence in its committees, and sup-
poses they have examined such matters. We
