408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
That as the amount varies from year to year, and
even in different seasons, to limit it by law would
cramp one period, flood another, and prevent that
elasticity demanded by wholesome trade.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the paper be
referred to the Committee on Finance.^
Mr. POJIIiROY. I have no objection, but
I hope the Committee on Finance will read it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Nobody is listening to it
here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so referred.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of B.
G. Roberts, president of the West Virginia
Central Railroad Company, praying the pas-
sage of a law authorizing the sale to it of a
certain amount of public land, to be paid for
by the transfers of its stock to the Government
of the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. COLK presented the petition of Dr. J.
G. Cooper, of San Francisco, California, pray-
ing compensation for services as naturalist of
the Northern Pacific railroad expedition and
survey for the years 1805 and 1806 ; which
was referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
Mr. WILSON. I present a petition signed
by ex-Governors Bullock, Clifford, and Wush-
burne, of Massachusetts ; Nathaniel B. Shurl-
Ieff, mayor of the city of Boston; Harvey
Jewell, speaker of the house of representatives
of Massachusetts ; William Lloyd Garrison ;
Professors Agassiz and Lowell, and a large
number of gentlemen in and about Boston,
petitioning for the passage of Mr. Jexckes's
bill to regulate the civil service of the United
States and promote the efficiency thereof.
There are to this petition the names of about
six hundred gentlemen engaged in all the de-
partments of life, gentlemen of intelligence
and character. I move the reference of the
petition to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of
citizens of Ohio, praying that a pension be
granted to Colonel J. B. VV. Haynes, a soldier
111 the war of 1812 ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ANTHONY. I present resolutions in
the nature of a memorial from the Providence
Board of Trade, urging upon Congress such
legislation as will secure the immunity of pri-
vate property not contraband of war upon the
seas and upon land. These resolutions are so
much in harmony with the views which I have
had the honor to express to the Senate that I
am happy to present the resolutions, and I
think it is a subject of congratulation that the
mercantile interests are moving in a matter of
so much importance. I move the reference of
the resolutions to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER presented the memorial of
Thomas Rigney, E. D. Morgan, and other
merchants of the city of New York, asking for
congressional legislation with respect to cer-
tain charges illegally levied by the custom-
house at New York; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. NORTON presented the memorial of
Joseph R. Brown, praying for compensation
for losses sustained in transportation of Gov-
ernment supplies by reason of the default of
officers of the Government: which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
personal exmanation.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I ask the
indulgence of the Senate to make a few re-
marks somewhat personal to myself, andl think
personal to other members of the Senate. The
reason for the expression of this wish will be
manifest from the reading of an article copied
in the New York Tribune, of January 15, from
the Cincinnati Gazette, headed " A startling
history of fraud and dishonest legislation—how
the public lands are squandered—ten great
States given away." To relieve me from the
labor I ask the Secretary of the Senate to read
the article.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The paper
will be read if there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
A Startling History of Fraud and Dishonest Lrgisla-
tion—Row the Public Lands are Squandered j.en
Great states Given Away.
General Boynton writes as follows to the Cincin-
nati Gazette:
" The subject of the great railroad frauds grows at
every attempt to ascertain its limits, and it is only
by investigating one scheme after another that the
full mounded infamy begins to appear.
The Sioux City Branch— There wasaclause m tne
original Pacific railroad bill which required the U nion
Pacific Railroad Company to construct a branch from
Sioux City to connect with their main road by the
' neaiest and most practicable route.'
" The road thus provided for would, if any attention
had been paid to the law authorizing it, have been
built from a point on the Missouri river, opposite
Sioux City, in a direction almost exactly southwest,
to Columbus, in Nebraska, on the main stem, a dis-
tance of ninety-six miles.
"Instead of doing this, however, the road was built
down the rich and level bottoms of the Missoun, in
a direction considerably east of south, and for sixty-
eight miles of this distance at the end of each suc-
cessive mile the track-layers were farther from the
Pacific ocean than when they began, and at the sixt}-
cighth mile were twenty miles further east than the
meridian of Sioux City. Then, turning westward and
crossing the Missouri thirty miles above Omaha, the
line strikes the main stem at Fremont, making the
branch thus built one hundred mile5? in length and
its terminus at this point of junction only six miles
nearer the Pacific ocean than the point where its first
rail was laid.
"And for this road lying almost wholly in the State
of Iowa, in no sense a Pacific road and in almost all
senses a private one, bonds, by way oi Government
subsidy, have been issued by the Secretary of the
Treasury, nt the rate of about $16,000 per mile, and
lands have been certified by the Secretary ot the In-
terior at the rate of twelve thousand eight hundred
acres per mile; and by legislation already peifected
this branch, thus constructed in violation of law, is
regularly receiving its proportion of these subsidies,
and claims the whole, namely: $1,000,000 and one
million two hundred and eighty thousand acres of
land.
" Burlington and Missouri liiver J^iewnon—Hy the
amended Pacific railroad act of ICol certain Iowa
parlies secured an amendment authorizing thi* com;
| pany to extend its linefrom a point on the Missouri
' liver, near Nebraska City westward, to a point neir
Fort Kearny, or any point east of the hundredth
meridian. The distance was about one hundred and
fifty miles, and the land grant twelve thousand eight
hundied acres per mile. Here Mr. Secretary Harlan
stepped in and withdrew from nub lie sale not only all
the lands south of this road to the Nebraska line, but
went over into Kansas and withdrew all the lands
down to those which Senator Pomeroy's company
had already received, Between these two gentlemen
and their friends a tract large enough for a very re-
spectable State came near pa-sing into the hands of
a few individuals. But the Kansas Legislature and
the Kansas delegation iu the House made such an
exposition of the transaction as to compel Secretary
Harlan in self-defense toiestoretheKansaslands to
the maiket.
" The Sacramento and Sim Jos& Branch.—All the
irregularities connected with this branch system have
not been upon the eastern ends of these roads. Under
tlie original Pacific railroad act the Central Pacific
railroad of California was authorized to construct a
road either from San Francisco, or the navigable
waters of the Sacramento river, to the eastern bound-
ary of California. The company selected Sacramento
City as their point of departure.
"Subsequently, however, another company char-
tered by the State, claiming to have an assignment
from the first company, proceeded to build a road
from Sacramento bv way ot StocKton to San Jose, a
point not on the Pacific coast. The line was one
hundred and twenty miles long, and it, received a sub-
sidy of $1,920,000 and a large grant of land beside. The
facts, as given above in the case of these two branch
roads, were charged on the floor of the IIou&c in
March last by General C. C. Washburn, of Wiscon-
sin, and not denied.
''Leavenworth, Lawrence, and Galveston Road,—
This is one of the rotten Kansas swindles. It runs
irom Leavenworth southwardly through the eastern
portion of the State, and, ot course, through some
of its richest lands. This latter feature is a pecu-
liarity of these latter-d Ly roads. At i he East, where
companies pay for their lands, they run their roads
lar as pos&ible over the poor lands; bat at the
West the reverse is true: the companies do not pay,
but become wealthy by selecting the richest lands.
" The portion of this road which lies in Kansas is
one hundred and fifty miles long, and the cost of
building this will not average over $20,000 per mile.
This road has already received the following aid:
the Government has granted it five hundred thou-
sand acres of excellent land; the State of Kansas has
given one hundred and twenty-five thousand acres,
and the counties through which it passes have issued
it their bonds to the amount of $90,000.
" This company, m the person of a representative,
is now before the Senate urging the ratification of a
treaty known as the Osage treaty, which enables
this company to buy eight million acres of land at
nineteen cents per acre, the payment having fifteen
years to run. These lands have been variously esti-
mated by good judges, who are all acquainted with
the tract, as worth from eight to twelve million dol-
lars.
"The whole affair has been from its inception a
gigantic plundering scheme, and Senators have been
in it, are in it still, and it is said that one has de-
clared that some time when the Senate was tired and
most had gone to dinner he would get it tinough.
"The treaty for these lands was negotiated by a
commission sent out from this city. It is understood
that the treaty was drawn here in advance. The
approval of the Indiana was secured by threats. In
the speech made to the Indians on the subject by
Commissioner Taylor, on the 23d of June last, he
threatened the Indians with the displeasure of the
Government and a withdrawal of provisions it they
did not agree to the treaty. Colonel Murphy, Indian
superintendent, and one of the commission, prom-
ised to make peaco between the Usages and their
enemies on the plains if they would sign, but if not
nothing should be done for them. .
" Colonel Boone, another commissioner, told them
they could choose between the treaty and fighting
the plain Indians. ,
"As already stated, this treaty thus secured is pend-
ing before the Senate of the United States; and
although its attention has been repeatedly called
to its character it has been rejected. . . . .
" Ike Cherokee Neutral Land Job.—"This is, m its
main features, a Republican venture. Mr.S-.cretary
Harlan was the principal official actor. The treaty
regarding these lands provided that be might sell
them in a body at not less than one dollar per acre,
and for cash. lie sold to a company called the Con-
necticut Emigrant Company, which was. in reality,
an Iowa company, in which his friends, at least,
were largely interested. Instead oi"selling tor cash,
he, in violation ot law, sold the tract of eight hun-
dred thousand acres on time, requiring oniy $25,000
as a first payment. The sale was disputed, and the
Attorney General decided that the whole aiiair was
illegal. Here it rested till a supplemental treaty
could b" worked through the Senate authorizing a
sale on time. The lands were then sold by Secretary
Browning, without advertising, to James if1. Joy, a
very prominent western railroad man here, acting
for the Kansas and Neosho Valley Company, for one
dollar per acre, he agreeing with the Connecticut
11 company to pay back the $25,000 they had deposited
" in the Treasury on their bogus purchase. So lar as
those in official position are concerncd the chief
responsibility for this transaction rests directly upon
Senator H milan. Leaving entirely out of view the
Iowa feature of the so-called Connecticut company
and the circles ot his friends who were enriched, the
mildest aspect which can be put upon it is that the
Attorney General decided the operation to be out-
side the bounds of the law. Even the final sale to
Joy by Secretary Browning was without advertising,
as appears from a report he sent to Congress, where
he is obliged to admit that he only ' authorized an
unofficial statement to be made in newspapers' that
pioposals would be received till a certain day. At
that time Joy was the only one offering to buy, and
so he got the lands—as was intended. Senator Pome-
roy was sufficiently interested in this same Kansas
and N eosho Valley road to introduce and attempt to
pass a bill granting twelve thousand eight hundred
acrcs of land per mile for about one hundred miles.
" Grand Totals of Land Grants.—Congress up to
March last had granted in all to various western and
southern States over fifty-seven million acres lands
for railroad purposes. It has given besides over
seventeen million acres to canals and similar im-
provements. The Pacific railroad and branches have
received one hundred and twenty-four million acres,
and if to this is added the even-numbered sections
along these routes, which the Secretary of the Inte-
rior decided to be closed forsettlement, it will appear
that nearly one third of the entire public domain has
been made over to the control of railroad com-
panies.
"' The quantity of lands conveyed by these grants/
says the Commissioner of the General Land Otb.ce,
* is of empire extent, exceeding in the aggregate,
by more than five million acres, the entire areas of
the *ix New England States, added to the surface of
New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Onio, Dela-
waie, Maiyland, and Virginia.' He says the grants
to the Pacific railway line alone ' are within about a
fourth of being twice the united area of England,
Scotland, Wales, Ireland, Guernsey, Jersey, the Isie
of Mao, and the islands of the tfriiish seas, and
within less than a tenth of being equal to the French
empire proper.'
" In 18G0 and 1861 the Government sold two hun-
dred and thirty-four thousand acres of Delaware
lands to the Leavenworth, Pawnee, and Western
road. In 1860 it sold ninety-two thousand acres of
Delaware lands to the Missouri River road, and in
1850 it disposed of two hundred and seventy-eight
thousand two hundred acres to only thirty-six pur-
chasers. Among them were the following: Hon.
Hugh McCulloch, seven thousand and fourteen acres;
Perry Puller and McDonald, thirty-nino thou&uud
and fifty-eight acres; John McManus, one hundred
and forty-two thousand nine hundred and fifteen
acres: Roberts. Stevens, fifty-one thousand six hun-
dred and cighty-xiine acres, and so on.
"In 1865 Senator Pomeroy, being then president
and one of the principal owners of the Atchison and
Piko's Peak Railroad Company, a treaty was carricd
through the Senate by which this road purchased one
hundred and twenty-three thousand eight hundied
and thirty-two acres of as rich lands as there arc in
Kansas.
"The above facts and figures were brought to the
notice of the House by Mr. Julian, chairman of the
Committeeonthe Public Lands,in March last.and Mr.
Clarick, of Kansas, has given direct testimony upon
most of the points involved in the attempted Osage
and the completed Cherokee swindle.
a " These things are in the past. Bat hundreds of
similar schemes, quite as extensive, are now before
