18C9.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
Congress, and the lohby engaged in pushing them is
larger and more influential than ever before."
Mr. HARLAN. Now I ask the Secretary
to favor me by reading tlie editorial on the
inside of the same paper referring to this arti-
cle—that part of it which I have marked.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"The whole business of Pacific railway legislation
liath an unpleasant savor. Read the remarkable
letter ol General Boynton, which we print in another
column. General Boynton is a well known citizen,
and responsible for these grave charges. If his story
is true, then Congress has been recklessly voting
away empires of the richest lands on' the earth to
greedy speculators, and the wise and necessary
enterprise of a railway to the Pacific has been made
to cover the most shameless legislation that ever
disgraced Congress. Much scandal has surrounded
the Hails of Washington. Weliave seen members of
the Legislature publicly avowing that 6500,000 had
been spent by one company to secure the passage of
a certain bill. Certainly men do notspend |5U0,'00
without corresponding results. We are for Pacific
railroads at all times, but we beg representatives m
doing business for the nation to show the same pru-
dence and honesty that wouid characterize them in
doing business with each other."
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I have for
the first time in my life on the floor of the Sen-
ate called attention to a newspaper editorial
paragraph and a letter of a newspaper corre-
spondent, not so much on account of the allu-
sions made to me personally as for public
reasons ; and in any remarks that I may now
submit I do not wish to be understood as reflect-
ing on the high-mii,J;d and honorable portion
of the gentlemen in this country who conduct
the public^iress, nor on the respectable portion
of those who may correspond for influential
journals. All professions have those whose
talents and accomplishments ornament their
calling. They also have those of mediocrity
who give the profession respectability. Every
profession has also another class who may per-
haps be properly styled the lazzaroni, who live
on the crumbs. They may be fitly described
as the scavengers of the profession, who go
around and do the work which the respectable
and illustrious portion would not stoop to dab-
ble with. To which class of these professional
men connected with the newspaper press Gen-
eral Boynton belongs I leave for his associates
to decide ; I do not know him well enough to
give him his proper place. All I have to say
in relation to him is, that this article exhibits
a degree of carelessness or of ignorance, if
nothing worse, that, as it seems to me, would
uufit a gentleman to be a correspondent for
any respectable journal.
I shall not delay the Senate long enough to
refer to all that is contained in the article. I
will take notice only of that portion of it which
has reference to my official conduct and to the
State which I represent in part on this floor.
And I think I ought to say here that 1 do not
feel very much annoyed personally on account
of the publication of this article or of similar
articles that I have occasionally noticed in the
public press, not that I am careless in rela-
tion to what men may think of me, for I admit
that I would prefer to enjoy the good opinion
of mankind than the reverse. I suppose that
a love of approbation has been implanted in
the mind of every man by the Deity himself,
and for a wise purpose. It is one of the props
of virtue. Hence no one ought to permit it
to be ruthlessly knocked away from his own
support or that of his associates in a deliber-
ative assembly. We ought not to permit men
to make no distinction between those who are
virtuous and intend to do right and those who
are known to be vicious.
Mr. President, I am now forty-eight years
of age. During the first eighteen years of my
life 1 was under the guardianship and control
of my father and mother. Since that time, a
period of about thirty years, I have been pad-
dling my own canoe as best I could. I do not
think that anything that General Boynton could
write, or anything that the Cincinnati Gazette
could publish, or anything that the New York
Tribune could reiterate and seem to indorse,
could seriously and permanently affect my rep-
utation among my countrymen. I have always
believed that even mediocratic talent, coupled
with an honest purpose to do right, would tri-
umph over slanders, however powerfully they
may be supported. Time usually cures all of
these things. If, in fact, my reputation could
now be seriously and permanently affected by
such influences, however potential, I would
consider my life a failure.
The first paragraph in this article in which
my name occurs is headed " The Burlington
and Missouri River Extension;" that is, the
Missouri and Burlington river branch of the
Pacific railroad, in which the writer says, and
the New York Tribune by implication seems
to indorse it, that I, by an improper oi'der as
Secretary of the Interior, attempted (using
plain language) to put into my own pocket and
the pocket of my honorable friend from Kan-
sas, [Mr. Pomekoy,] and also the pockets of
our personal friends, a district of country large
enough to make a respectable State, but was
prevented from doing so by the remonstrances
of the Legislature of Kansas and the Kansas
delegation in the other branch of Congress,
which I suppose means my other honorable
friend, [Mr. Clarke,] as that State now has
but one Representative on that floor. Now,
what are the facts in that case ? Congress did
pass a law authorizing the Burlington and Mis-
souri River Railroad Company to extend its
line of road through the eastern part of Ne-
braska, to connect with the Omaha branch at or
east of the one hundredth meridian, and to
enable it to do so made a grant of ten sections
of land on each side of the proposed line of
that extension. The law also provided that
when the company should file its map indi-
cating the general route of the road it should
be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to
withdraw the public lands from market in
order that that quantity of land might be sev-
ered from the rest of the public domain for
their benefit. Some time in the year 18(55 this
map of the general route was filed, and an
order was issued from the Department of the
Interior tp the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, a copy of which I have in my
hand and will ask the Secretary to read,
'lhe Chief Clerk read as follows :
Department of the Interior,
Washington, January 30,18(56.
Sir: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your
communication of October 7,1865, with thcinclosures
therein referred to, relative to the lands granted by
law to the Burlington and Missouri River Railroad
Company, and in reply, for the present, think it
proper to direct that you take the necessary steps
for the withdraw il of the odd-numbered sections of
land situated north of the grant to the Atchison
branch of the Union Pacific railroad and south of
the Omaha branch of said ITnion Pacific raihoad
lying within the State of Kansas and the Territory
of -Nebraska.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAM.KS HARLAN, Scerctary.
Hon. J. M. Emrtrans,
Commissioner General Land Office.
Mr. HARLAN. It will be seen, Mr. Presi-
dent, by this that it was merely a preliminary
order issued in pursuance of the provisions of
the statute on the filing of a map of the gen-
eral route of the road, and was intended to be
superseded by a specific order limiting the
amount of lands withdrawn from market to the
exact quantity granted just so soon as the spe-
cific location of the line of the road should be
made. The persons representing this company
were notified- that although the lands were
under this order withdrawn from public sale—
not "all the lands," as stated in the article,
but one half the lands ; that is, the odd-num-
bered sections within a reasonable distance—
they would not be withheld from settlement
and occupancy by homestead and preemption
settlers until the company had laid down the
track of the road on the earth's surface, and j
that so soon as they did this a specific with-
drawal would be made. When that map was j
received the additional order was made, a copy !
of which I have in my hand, and ask the Sec- |
retary to read. jj
The Chief Clerk read as follows: j;
Depirthent op the Interior,  j;
Washington, D. C., March 8, lo66. m
Silt: I inclose herewith map of definite location '!
of Burlington andMissouri Rivm railroad extension jj
from Kearny City to the one hundredth meridian of II
longitude west from Greenwich, authorized to bo
constructed under the act of July 2,1884.
You will ascertain the approximate length of
saidroad and withhold from market ten alternate
sections, or equivalents in parts of sections desig-
nated by odd numbers, not sold, reserved, or other-
wise disposed of by the United States, and to which
a preemption or homestead claim may not have
attached at the time the line of said road may have
been definitely fixed, for each mile of the whole
length oi said road, situated as near 'to the line
tnere<\t a.s practicable, on the south side thereof, and
ten ?jetions as aforesaid to be situate as aforesaid
tor each mile of said road on the north side thereof,
so as to include a quantity equal to twenty sections
per mile for each pjile of said road: after which you
will restore to ina.rK.ct any lands withdrawn in pur-
suance of any former order emanating fiom this
Department not nccessary to carry into effect this
order.
After making a copy of said map you will return
the original lo this Department.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES HARLAN, Secretary.
Hon. J. M. Edmuicds.
Commissioner General Land Office.
Mr, TIARLAN. It will be seen from this,
Mi. President, that the exact provision of the
law was followed ; that when the map indicat-
ing the general location of the road was made
a temporary order for the withdrawal of lands
generally within a reasonable distance of the
line of the road was made, and when the specific
location of the road was marked out on the
earth's surface a specific order followed for the
selection of the exact quantity of land that the
company would be entitled to under the grant.
In relation to the insinuation that this order
was made for the purpose of benefiting myself
and the honorable Senator from Kansas, and
our personal friends, I have only to say this :
I have not now, I had not then, I never had,
and I never expect to have, one particle of
interest in the Burlington and Missouri River
Railroad Company's road or its extension ;
nor do I know who the persons are who are
pecuniarily interested in thatorganization, with
the exception of two, of wh'om my honorable
colleague [Mr. Grimes] is one, as he happened
to inform me incidentally. When a bill was
pending in this body, having for its object the
facilitation of the construction of the road, he
informed me that he could not either vote for
the bill or do anything to promote its passage
in this body, for the reason that he held some
of the stock ; and, at that time, or on some
other occasion, he introduced me to anotlier-
gentleman, I think of the name of Forbes, re-
siding, if I remember correctly, in Boston. I
saw him the one time in company "with my
colleague, never saw him before or since, and
never held any other correspondence with him.
The next paragraph that refers to me per-
sonalis headed "The Cherokee Neutral Land
Job." I did explain that once in the Senate,
and I regret very much to allude to it again ;
but my brother Senators will bear in mind that
that explanation was made m executive ses-
sion, and I prefer that the same explanation
may go lo the country. The facts in that case
are briefly as follows : I think in the year 1835
the United States made a treaty with the
Cherokee Indians, and in payment of a claim
which this nation of Indians held against the
United States the Government deeded to that
tribe of Indians in fee simple a tract of land
lying in the southeast corner of the State of
Kansas, about fifty miles in length and twenty-
five miles in breadth. This was not sold and
conveyed to these Indians for a home reserva-
tion ; they never occupied it; they never lived
on it; it was an outlying possession. They
lived a long distance south of it, in what is
called the Indian territory. A few years ago
Congress passed a law directing the Secretary
of the Interior, as rapidly as practicable, to
make treaties with the Indian tribes in the
State of Kansas, with the view of extinguish-
ing their titles located in that State and of re-
moving the Indians to the Indian territory,
and throwing open the lands thus acquired to
occupancy by the white people. In the year
1805 or 1860 a, treaty was negotiated with the
Cherokee Indians providing for the sale of
these lands—not the extinguishment of an
easement, the right to occupy and possess, the
kind of tenure by which almost afi other la-
