1869.
the congressional globe,
mi
find by correspondence with the Post Office
Department that there was evidence of all
these things. We do not pass a claim of this
kind without referring all the papers to the
Post Office Department for their information.
Mr. GRIMES, I call for the reading of the
correspondence. Let us know what tie De-
partment says about it.
Mr. RAMSEY. There are letters from the
Department in the papers.
Mr. GRIMES. As.there is no report, and
as the correspondence seems to have been mi&-
laid, I suggest that the case go. over.
Mr. RAMSE Y. There is no doubt the Clerk
will in a moment find the proper papers. The
eases were very fully investigated. The par-
ties committing the robbery were tried in the
courts of New York and convicted, and sub-
sequently one of the parties made a fall con-
fession. The amount in the first instance is
$175, and in the other about seven hundred
dollars. While the Clerk is looking for the
papers I will answer the suggestion of the
Senator from Oregon. He thinks tins is a
wonderful thing! Why, air, there are twenty-
five thousand postmasters in the United States,
and this is the first bill of the kind we have
reported this year. Does he not know that
burglaries and offenses of that kind are perpe-
trated all over the country ? If these country
postmasters are not be seeured' in this way,
how in the world do you expect to get honor-
able and honest men who will take and hold
these offices? If they take just as good care
of the funds of the United States as they take
of tl eir own, and in spite of all the vigilanee,
in spite of all the care they can exercise, these
losses occasionally occur, why should they
not be indemnified? It is not a new thing.
Congress has time and again made provisions
of this kind. Where an honest officer, a faith-
ful officer who has properly guarded his funds
has, against all caution, against all vigilance,
lost the funds of the Government, they have
made provision for him. The sums are small,
in one instance $175, and in the other $700.
The parties have been at groat expense and
loss of time to follow the depredators and con-
vict them. The Senator from Oregon seems
to be terribly astonished at this thing, and yet
day after day he votes away millions of money
and refuses a few hundreds to reimburse hon-
est officers of the Government.
Mr. CORBETT. Constantly bonds of the
United States are' stolen from individuals.
Those bonds are at the risk of the individuals
who own them or have them in possession,
aud the Governmentof the United States has no
right to pay those bonds, and it has.decided
that the legitimate holders of these bonds are
entitled to the money for them when they ma-
ture. Postage stamps stolen go into the hands
of other individuals and are used the same as
United States bonds where they are not de-
stroyed by fire ; aud vthere they are stolen and
go into general use it seems to me the post-
masters are liable. They stand the same as
money to them ; they can pass them off; they
can sell them. In case they arc robbed they
can claim that they had in their safe five or
six or seven hundred dollars worth of postage
stamps. We have had no evidence as yet to_
convince me that they had this amount. If
we pass bills for the relief of every postmaster
who has postage stamps stolen by his clerks or
individuals who go into his olfice or break
open his safe or desk we shall have plenty of
these bills if we inaugurate the system.
Mr. KAMSK Y. 1 ask for the reading of the
papers in the Gates case.
The Chief Clerk read the following letters:
Post Ofmc* Bctaistmkxt.
i'lnanbb office, ./«/;; 10.186S.
Silt: I have, fho honor to submit herewith a^opy
of the petition of S, M. dates, postmaster at War-
saw. Now y ork, for relief from payment for stamps
alleged to have been stolen by burglars in July,Mti7,
and tho roport of spcei&l agent A. Humphrey in the
matter, together with tho copy of a letter fVotn this
office, informing the postmaster that the Department
was powerlcssto afford hill: any relief in tho premises.
This action was taken upon an opinion of aformer
Attorney General,*'wherein he states that **if the
stamps should bo stolen or lost and got into tho
40th Cong. 3d Skss.—No. 86.
hands of those who may use them, and thus deprive
the Government of so liUU'h revenue, the postmaster
should he held responsible. One who has- the cus-
tody of public taoney or property, and is- paid for
taking care of it, cannot get rid of his responsibility
by showing a theft or accidental loss. He is an in-
surer against perils of that kind."
See Postal Regulations of 1866,section one hundred
and eighty-two.
Very respectfully, &e„ A. N. ZEVELY.
Third Assistant Postmaster General.
Hon. J. 1?, Farnswoeth, Chairman Committee on the
Post Ojjice and Pant Moods, Uouseqf Representatives.
Post Office Department,
Finance Office, July 19,1868.
Pip.: Your letter of the 16th instant, relative to an
alleged robbery of your office, and. asking that an
agent of the Department may be sent to investigate
tee matter, has been received and referred to the
Second Assistant Postmaster General.
As to the loss in stamps yon are informed that
the Department cannot afford you any relief in the
premises.
Respectfully, yours,
C, F. MACDONALD,
Acting Third Assistant Postmaster General.
S. M. GtATES, Postmaster, Warsaw  New York.
Mr. GRIMES. That does not furnish us
any information about the loss.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not see any proof yet.
It is just as I said, that in case these postage
stamps are stolen, they go- into general use.
There is no relief unless we inaugurate this sys-
tem, and if we do, as I said before, we shall
have plenty of postage stamps to pay for. I
am opposed to any such bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator from Oregon what the
rule is or should be in these cases. Does he
hold that if the Government furnishes no safe,
no depository for safe-keeping, and the post-
master uses all the diligence that he would in
.ta&ing eajeofhiso.wn. money and his own secu-
rities and still the stamps are stolen, he should
be held personally responsible for them ?
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that to be
the law of Congress. For the security of the
United States they must have strict laws in
these cases. If a man is not a merchant and
has not a safe, he keeps hia stamps and money
in his desk; he is a postmaster ; he is paid for
that business—paid for keeping these postage
stamps : and if he loses them he is holden for
them or his bondsmen are holden for them. I
do not understand that there is any relief in
this-ease. They are generally for small amoun ts,
and it is supposed that the postmaster gets his
equivalent either by his fees or else in having
the patronage of the people that come to the
office, having the post office in the center of
the town where everybody goes to trade. Most
of these post offices are held by merchants, and
they are very glad to get the position for the
purpose of inducing trade to come to their
stores; and this is like many other things, they
must take some risks if they hold the office.
Mr. CONKLING. I submit to the honor-
able Senator from Oregon that there is no
such rule of law or morals as he states. He
states a rule of accountability not applicable to
any bailee whatever excepting one that is a
common carrier. A common carrier is an
insurer against every accident except that
resulting from tho pnblic enemy or the act of
God. No other bailee is held by tho United
States responsible for any such thing.
Now, look at the action of this body at the
present session aud see whether I am borne
out, in that or not. Take a paymaster in the
Army : funds are stolen from him ; do not we
relieve him ?
Mr. CORBETT. Not in every ease. The
Senator from West Virginia [Mr. V .vx Wixklb]
reported against the case of an acquaintance
erf mine in Oregon who lost funds.
Mr. CONKLING. If my honorable friend
will hear me a moment he will certainly not
deny what I say. If the facts show that there
was- negligence in tho case, of course we^ do
not. relieve it; bat wherever the facts satisfy
the two Houses of Congress that there was not
negligence, we do relieve. Is not that true,
and do wenot know that that is true and within
the history of this session over and over again ?
These men, if they havebeeu guilty of malfeas-
ance, undoubtedly ought not to be relieved;
but if they were the mere subjects of misfor-
tune, if their stores were broken open, as the
honorable Senator from Minnesota states ih
one of these cases, and their own property was
stolen and with it the property of which they
were the custodians of the United States,. I
repeat there is no rule of law or morals that
makes them responsible for thai.
I have hadoccasiba.*ery.rece tiyui myowMi
city to observe the workings of your system.
.The postmaster asked me to go into the post
office and to look into the arrangements that
were furnished him to secure his stamps. He
had a little thing called by courtesy asafe, which
was no safe at all, and entirely to small-.into
which to crowd in any way the stamps which
he was charged with keeping. He had no per-
mission from the Department to provide Mm-
self with any safe which would resist either
burglars or fire. Suppose that by-and-by a
thief breaks into that office in the night and
steals a portion of those stamps—this man hay-
ing done everything that he can to protect them
and having been in constant anxiety night and
day with regard to them besides, and made his
report to the Department as to the inadequacy
of his accommodations—does the honorable
Senator mean to say that in addition to his
having his own property stolen, if it should be,
we should visit upon him the loss which has
occurred in spite of all the diligence he could
practice? I do not know what the facts in these
particular cases are,' but I understand from the
Senator from Minnesota that the parties show
not only the loss, but the loss under circum-
stances which resulted also in the loss of their
own private securities and money. That is
pretty high evidence that they were not care-
less, because where a man's treasure is there
is his heart also, we have very high authority
for believing.
The Senator from Oregon saystliatif we pay
a demand of this sort it will encourage the
stealing of post office stamps. I should think
we should hardly encourage the loss of post
office stamps by paying only the amount charged
against the party for the stamps,' and in a ease
where his own goods were stolen also. It would
he a very unprofitable business, it seems to me,
to go into. I hope that these eases, if they be
in fact cases of merit, will not be disposed of
upon the idea that being meritorious upon the
facts still we ought not to allow them.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me
to say that so far as I can learn—and I have
listened to everything that has been said ou
this subject—there is no written report, there ia
no statement of the facts from the Post Office
Department justifying this action ; and I want
to know of the Senator if he thinks it would
be wise for us to establish a rule here for the
future government of these oases on the part ot
Congress without any evidence at all further
than the statement of an individual Senator?
Mr. CONKLING. Far from it. I "took
pains to say, and I repeat, if there is any fair
doubt in point of fact, that these men are_ inno-
cent sufferers they ought not to be relieved.
But the honorable Senator from Oregon puts
| it upon the ground that assuming that they
I have been guilty of nu carelessness, and assum-
ing that the loss is incurred, they are to be
held responsible in spite of that because they
virtually stand as insurers of the Government.
That principle of law and of morals I respect-
fully deny.
Mr. CORBETT. That was not altogether
my position. I do not desire to be understood
as opposing every case ot this sort. 1 here art:
exceptions to all rules. I know of oases where
a vessel has gone down and treasure in the
care of paymasters has gone down with it, ami
the proof has been clear that tho treasure wag
absolutely lost, and receipts were shown that
such treasure was shipped at that time, and
everything went down. There are cases of
that kind that are very clear and very just,
where naytnasters and bondsmen should be
relieved; but I have not seen any evidence
presented in this case to justify the passage ot
