1364
TBK CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
* Mr. HOWARD. It simply gives them the
privilege of terminating there.
' Mr. WILLIAMS, That is satisfactory.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed. :
ADMIRAL SAURAGOT'S FLEET.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to allow me to call up a
couple of little bills which I shall not probably
have another opportunity of bringing up atthis
session. I think they will l«ad to no debate.
The first is to allow Admiral Farragut's fleet
to stand in the same attitude in regard to prize
money as it would if there had been a court
organized in the district of Louisiana at the
time of the capture of New Orleans ; the other
is: to pay a certain amount to the captors of
the rebel vessel Alabama.
• Mr. POMEROY. We are unable in my
vicinity to hear the Senator from Iowa. He
turns away as if those on this side did not
belong to the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I thought there were more
Senators on my side of the Chamber who were
likely to object than on the other side, and
therefore I turned round to them.
Mr. POMEROY. There are two sides to
the'Senate Chamber.
•'Mr.-GRIMES. I ask unanimous consent to
take up House bill;'Jfo. 112, relating to the
captures made by Admiral Farragut's fleet in
'the Mississippi river in May, 1862, the' bill
being simply to allow the officers and men of
that fleet to stand on the same footijig they
would have stood on if there had been a Uni-
ted States court organized at New Orleans at
the time of the capture.
Mr. POMEROY. If the bill leads to 110
debate I shall make no objection. I shall not
.object to any bill being considered which does
not involve debate, but we have inorning busi-
ness that ought to be gone through with. I
never yet knew the business of the Senate to
be facilitated by suspending any rules. If we
live up to our rules strictly we shall do more
business than if we suspend the rules.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Iowa asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up at this time the bill men-
tioned by him. Does any Senator object? No
objection being, made, the bill will be regarded
as before the Senate.
Mr._ HOWE. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Iowa I should like to make some
reports.
Mr. GRIMES. The bill being up, I will
give way to allow reports to be made.
REPORTS OF COMMIT!'ICES.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (II. R. No. IliiO)
for the relief of II. G. Aukony, late captain
fourth Iowa infantry, reported adversely there-
on, and submitted a report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Ho also, from the samo committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1820) for the
relief of Anthony Buchcr, reported adversely
thereon, and submitted a report; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1255) for the
relief of Champe Carter, jr., reported adversely
thereon, and submitted a report; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
the subject was referred, submitted a report
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 957) for the
relief of S. and II. Sajles.
I he bill- was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WTLLEY, from the Committee ou Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the petition of
Grcorge Sibbald, praying an amendment to the
patent lfrws f?o that inventors will not be re-
quired (o furnish a modeUvith their application
for letters-patent, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1367)- for the
relief of George Kaiser, reported it without
amendhient.
Mr. STEWART. I am directed by the
majority of the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road to submit their views in writing, in the
shape qf- a report, npon the bill (S. No. 899)
to aid'the Northern Pacific Railroad Company,
the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad' Company,
the_Little Rock, Arkansas Valley, and Port
Smith Railroad Company, the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, eastern division; and the
Oregon Branch Railroad Company, to construct
their roads by guarantying interest ou their
bonds, and to ask that it be printed.
The report was ordered to be printed.
_Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom were referred
the following petition, memorials, and resolu-
tions, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration ; which was agreed to :
A petition of citizens of Kansas, praying for
a revision of the naturalization laws;
A memorial of the New York State council
of the Union League of America, praying for
speedy action in relation to the naturalisation
and election frauds in that State ;
A memorial of citizens of the United States,
praying the enactment of a law restricting the
power of conferring citizenship to the courts
of the United' States; and
Resolutions adopted at a mass meeting in
Norfolk, Virginia, in favor of the passage of a
law striking the word " white " from the natu-
ralization laws,
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition ofJudson A. Mosraan,
administrator of the estate of Arthur L. Hyde,
submitted a report,, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 958) for the relief of Judson A. Mosinan.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing ; and the report was ordered to be printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to :
A bill (S. No. 676) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish a uniform rule of natural-
ization, and to repeal the acts heretofore passed
upon that subject;"
_ A bill (S. No. 683) to amend the naturaliza-
tion laws;
A bill (S. No. 651) to establish a uniform
rule of naturalization, and to repeal the acts
heretofore passed on that subject; and
A bill (S. No. (553) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish a uniform system of nat-
uralization, " approved April 14, 1802, and to
repeal all acts inconsistent herewith.
He also, from the Committee on Education,
to whom were referred a petition .of citizens of
Massachusetts and a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying an appropriation for the
benefit of the National Homestead at Gettys-
burg for orphans of soldiers ami sailors of the
United States, asked' to be discharged from
their further consideration, the nation having
made provision by hospitals for its soldiers, and I
the'matter in question being a private bounty.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lie Lands, to whom were referred several peti-
tions, numerously signed, and the bill (H. R.
No. 207) to declare forfeited to the United
States certain lands granted t.o aid in the con-
struction of railroads in the States of Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, and Florida, and for
other purposes, have had the subject under
consideration several months, declining to act
until the States of the South were represented
in the Senate and in the other House. This
morning, having come to a decision on that
subject, they have directed me to report the
bill back adversely, with the accompanying
papers. It is on the ground that some of the
roads were constructed in good faith and some
were not, and it was thought that if the land
grants were to bo forfeited or revived each road
should stand on its own merits and either have
the land grants revived or forfeited according
to the condition of each-, and that no general
law of this kind could be passed without work-
ing great hardship to the South. They there-
fore direct me to report the bill back adversely.
' Mr. POMEROY, from the same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 802)
amendatory of an act to protect the rights of
actual settlers upon the public lands of the
United' States, approved July 27, 1868, and
for other purposes, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. ABBOTT. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report a joint res-
olution authorizing the erection of a briek
building for military purposes at Fort Totten,
in Dakota Territory. I will merely state that
bricks can be made at the place where this
fort is;, at the- foot of Devil's Lake, and lime
can be burntv so that the quarters can be erected
of briek Si, great deal cheaper than they can of
wood. The law now requires that no quarters
at posts of that kind are to be made perma-
nent. This requires no appropriation ; the
appropriation is already made, and the build-
ing can be erected. I ask for the considera-
tion of the resolution now.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 230) author-
izing the erection of brick buildings for mil-
itary purposes at Fort Totten, Dakota Terri-
tory, was read and passed to the second reading.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
already a bill before the Senate.
Mr. ABBOTT. I ask the Senator from Iowa
to give way.
Mr. GRIMES. I cannot do that. I shall
lose my precedence if I do.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
bill pending, and this cannot be considered
now.
Mr. FERRY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the letter, of the
Secretary of the Interior communicati ng cor-
respondence relative to supplies of stationery
for the Patent Office, and two petitions of mer-
chants of the city of New York, remonstrating
against the extension of a patent to Polly
Hunt, asked to be discharged from their fur-
ther consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 842) to repeal the
sixteenth section of an act in addition to an
act to promote the progress of the useful arts,
approved March 2, 1861, reported adversely
thereon.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee 011
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 868) for the relief of the inhabitants
of Great Salt Lake City, in the Territory of
Utah, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred.the bill (H. R. No. 127(3) for the
sale of the Hot Springs reservation, in Arkan-
sas, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. OSBORN, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the petition of
Horace L. Emery, of Albany, New York, pray-
ing that the Commissioner of Patents be au-
thorized to hear and determine npon his appli-
cation for an extension of his patent for an
improvement in the endless chain horse-power,
submitted an adverse report thereon ; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, who were instructed by the act approved
July 20, 1868, to invite proposals for the pub-
lication of the actual proceedings and debates
in Congress upon a plan and specifications to
be previously published by them, and also to
ascertain the cost of Such publication by the
Superintendent of Public Printing, have in-
structed me to submit a report, accompanied
by two joint resolutions, As this is a matter
almost in the nature of a privileged quest,iofi,
and as it is so near the end of the session and
it has been impossible for us to present the
facts and statistics of this matter, so that the
Senate could take an intelligent consideration
of it, I shall, to-morrow, or as soon as the re-
port can be printed, ask the Senate to proceed
to its consideration. I move that a report be
printed.
