1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
and he can ascertain it at the office of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, that
there was not an acre for every fifty thousand
granted that fell to the company, because the
lands were all occupied. The grant of lands
was a mere bagatelle, amounting to nothing in
point of fact to the company. But it makes a
grand paragraph in a speech that an empire
of land is given away to a railroad company;
and on this point of granting and giving these
empires of land to railroad companies it would
appear as though the recipients of the land
put it in their pockets and ran away to another
country with it, and that the acres or sections
of land were never returned to the place that
they originally occupied upon the earth's sur-
face ! The truth is that not one acre in fifty
of the land over the line of the Central Pacific
Company is fit to be utilized for any purpose
for the use of mankind.
It is true that large grants of land have been
made to companies through valleys in the
West, which lands have been of great value;
but those lands lay there and could not pre-
viously have been given as a gift to anybody.
But when a company were found with brains
and enterprise and means enough to project a
railroad and to build it, the land became of
value, and the companies profited by it; and
so do men profit everywhere by what they en-
gage in and give their ability and industry to;
and they engage in nothing but that which
promises them profit.
I say this much, sir, in connection with the
general subject, and particularly the grant
spoken of in my own State, and now will close
my few remarks by alluding to an article of
this class that I saw in the New York Herald
within two or three weeks past, in which I
found my own name with that of five or six
other honorable Senators. I saw stated in
that .article, and the editors stated in it that
they were informed that I had no less than five
jobs connected with this Congress, and one of
those jobs, the only one mentioned, was what
is called the Sutro tunnel job. Well, sir, the
tunnel job and its projectors have always been
so objectionable to me in every single point of
view that Mr. Sutro does not call upon me. I
have always at all times repudiated the project
as wild, unprofitable, impracticable, and one,
as I toid him in the first instance, that I could
not with the knowledge that 1 had of mining
and with the charge that I felt I had as a rep-
resentative of the country engaged in mining,
recommend to my fellow-Senators to support.
And yet this is the scheme named, in connec-
tion with which some inaccurate, careless writer
mentions my name.
If the practice obtained in this country as it
should, in my opinion, that every man who
wrote an article should be required to put his
name to it, there would be less of this, very
much less of it. I had thought until I saw that
article in the Herald, that I at least (while I
concede as much to my fellow-Senators here)
had been clear of all taint connected with pub-
lic affairs; that no person in the guise of a
friend or an interested party had ever attempted
or used me in these connections. But these
great reformers who write for the public press
defend the public against the attacks of public
men to snch an extent that it is a prima facie
case against the character of any man to oc-
cupy anyplace in public life. They make pub-
lic sentiment, but it is time that public attention
was called to the loose, careless, and extraordi-
nary manner in which they attempt to make it.
Mr. President, this is all I have to say in
this connection. I felt it due to my State to
say part of what I have said, and due to my-
self to say the remainder.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 1460.
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to say a word on
the subject which has been before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is some morning
business yet to be presented, and I trust the
Senator from Michigan will not press his motion
for a few minutes.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senate will
take up the bill, and then I will give way.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say to the
Senator from .Michigan that I have no objec-
tion to taking up his bill, but I hope he will
allow the business of the morning hour to be
disposed of.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say .a word in
regard to the subject that has been before the
Senate this morning, and only a word.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator from
Iowa will proceed. Let us finish this business
while it is before us, and not have it up again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Michigan withdraw his motion ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Let the bill be taken
up, and then I will give way.
Mr. GRIMES. I will not occupy as long a
time as the Senator has already occupied.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; go on. I
do not withdraw the motion, but let it be laid
aside informally.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, from what I
know of the Cincinnati Gazette and the New
York Tribune, I am fearful that anything I
might say in vindication of my colleague would
only operate to his injury ; still I feel that my
duty to myself requires that I should say a word
in regard to one of the charges brought against
him, of which I have personal knowledge.
In regard to the Cherokee transaction I know
nothing. I happened to be away from Congress
when that subject was under consideration upon
both of the occasions when it was here in the
Senate. But Tdo know all about the grant to the
Burlington and Missouri River Railroad Com-
pany. I can say most conscientiously that the
whole charge on that subject is a trumped-up
affair; that there is no reason whatever for
making any charge of dereliction of duty or
improper conduct of any kind against my col-
league in that connection. If my recollection
serves me correctly the grant that extended that
road through the then Territory of Nebraska
originated m the House of Representatives, and
when brought to the Senate was concurred in
here. A t'§w months afterward my colleague
was made the Secretary of the Interior, and as
such he made just such orders as the law com-
pelled to him to make. They have been read
by the Clerk, and they are known to each of us.
It was not possible for him to make any other
Order, or to do anything else and do his duty,
than what he did do. If there was a,uy error
in that connection it was in Congress in pass-
ing the law. Ho has stated correctly that I am
a stockholder in that company. At that time
I think I was a stockholder to the extent of
twenty-five shares, the market price of which
was fifteen cents on the dollar. I did not see
fit to take any part in connection with the sub-
ject while it was under consideration in the
Senate, nor so far as I know did my colleague
take any active measures to secure its passage,
for the truth was there was no opposition to
the bill; nor did I, or any agent of the com-
pany, or anybody professing to represent the
company, ever approach my colleague, as the
Secretary ofthe Interior, to induce him to make
the order that he did make, withdrawing those
lands from market. The law made it impera-
tive upon him to do so whenever the plat of the
survey was filed ; it was filed, and he made the
order withdrawing them. So much in regard
to that subject.
As to the motives that may have impelled
the writer of this article to make the attack I
know nothing. I have simply thought it due
to myself, as well as to my colleague, that I,
knowing ail the facts, as I do, should state here
that there is no truth whatever in that charge
of which I happen to know all the particulars.
I doubt not that the other charges and insinu-
ations are equally baseless.
ORDER 0¥ Bl'SIXESS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now ask for a vote on
my motion to proceed to the consideration of
the^bill (H. R,. No. 1460) regulating the duties
on imported copper and eopper ores.
Mr. SHERMAN. Pending that motion I
desire to submit a report.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let me take tip the bill
first, and then I will give way.
Mr. SHERMAN, ltiscontrarytotheorder
of business to interpose a motion to take up a
bill in this way.
Mr. CHANDLER. Just let me take it up,
and then I will give way.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. Now, the bill being up,
it may be laid aside for the present to receive
morning business.
KEPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to report from
the Committee on Finance a bill (S. No. 793)
in relation to the public debt and the currency.
I will state that two or three members of the
Committee on Finance desire to offer amend-
ments to the second, th'ird, and fourth sections
of the bill. I move that the hill with the
amendments as they are offered be printed,
and that it be postponed to and made the special
order of the day for Monday next at one
o'clock.
The bill was read a first time by its title, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it had better not
be made a special order. The Senator can
have it taken up on the day named on motion,
after giving notice.
Mr. SHERMAN. I made the motion that
the bill be made a special order because it is
desired generally. The subjectis an important
one.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have had a course
of practice now for a year or two against
having special orders. The Senator cau get
the bill taken up on his own motion at any
time.
Mr. SHERMAN. We know very well at
this period of the session what a struggle there
is for the floor and how difficult it is to get up
an important bill. A measure of this kind,
in which every Senator takes the same interest,
a great number will desire to examine before-
hand, so as to be prepared to meet it in discus-
sion. I think it is just a case where there
ought to be a special order. Then, as a mat-
ter of course, every Senator will come prepared
to take up the bill on Monday next. I put it
off one week so that every person may then he
prepared. 1 trust, therefore, the hill will be
made a special order, as it is a special case,
and that that order will now he made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the bill mentioned by the Senator from
Ohio be postponed until Monday next and
made the special order for that day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. L do not know that I
should have any objection to making it a special
order if I knew what the bill was.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
can be read by its title.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Allow me to ask first
whether the bill is before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has just
been presented.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it before the Senate
for consideration ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No, sir,
it is not before the Senate; but there is a
motion before the Senate to receive the bill
and read it a first time.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; the bill is regu-
larly reported from the Committee on Finance,
and has had its first reading.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My question is whether
it is before the Senate for action.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
before the Senate for action except by com-
mon consent,- having been reported this
morning.
Mr. STEWART. Let the bill be read.
Mr. CONTCLING. Let the title be read at
least.
