1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Cong. .. .3d 8ess.
189
Reduction of the Army—Mr. Butler.
Ho. of Reps.
the 1st of January next it would be reduced to
about forty-three thousand. I desire in this
connection to refer to the singularly short an-
nual report which General Grant has chosen
to make, and to which the gentleman has al-
luded ; and I wish to remind my friend that
he is mistaken in saying that the last official
recommendation from General Grant is seven
months old. It bears date " Washington,
November 24, 1868;" so that it is not quite
three months since we had the last official
statement from_ General Grant. Now, that
statement contains a paragraph which has been
once or twice brought to the attention of the
committee during the present discussion, but
which I will read again, as it is short. As this
is about the whole of what the General of the
Army chooses to say, (as his entire report is
made up of two sentences, of which this is
one,) we may infer that it is in his judgment
important.
" While the Indian war continues, I do not deem
any general legislation forthe reduction of the Army
advisable. The troops on the plains are all needed.
Iroops are still needed in the southern States; and
further reduction can be made in the way already
used, and now in operation where it is safe, namely,
by allowing companies to diminish by discharges,
without being strengthened by recruits, and by stop-
ping appointment cf second lieutenants. Ifitshould
be deemed advisable, the Veteran Reserve regiments
might be discontinued by absorption and retirement
of officers and discharge of men without detriment
to the service."
Now, in the first place, if there is any sub-
ject-matter in reference to which Congress is
dependent upon the recommendations of the
public officers having charge of a subject-mat-
ter, it is the very thing upon which we are now
legislating. In the nature of the case, Con-
gress must here and in the anomalous state
of the country be dependent to a large extent
upon those whose official duty it is to know
and whose training and education enable them
to know what military force is requisite to en-
able the Executive to restore and secure the
public peace and safety everywhere. This is
one thing that we should bear in mind.
And right here I may be pardoned for sav-
ing that members generally cannot make them-
selves, as the gentleman from Massachusetts
appears to have made himself, thoroughly
familiar with the details of this subject. Not
only the House but the country, I may remark
in passing, will feel indebted to him for this
most careful and if accurate, as it seems to be,
most valuable exposition which he has given
of this whole subject; and I take this occasion
to tender to hiininy own personal acknowledg-
ments for the remarks which he has just made.
But still I a gain submit that in this case, if
ever, Congress must of necessity be dependent
for its most reliable information as to what
military force the Executive needs upon the
recommendations of the officers of the Army
or upon those of the President based upon
information from the officers of the Army and
communicated to us in the messages which the
Constitution provides shall be sent to us. In
all that the gentleman aims at in the way of
retrenchment and reduction of expenses he
has, I am sure, the most hearty sympathy and
concurrence of every member of the House.
We will vote with him and work with him to
the utmost that we may do with safety.
Now, my next suggestion is, whether it is not
wise to adopt the plan of reduction indicated
in the bill of the Military Committee, so far
as regards this feature, namely, that we shall
permit, or rather, to make it stronger, that we
shall require the Army to be reduced as rapidly
as can be done consistently with the interests
of the public service? Is not this, for several
reasons, the wisest course? The first reason
is that to which the gentleman himself has
alluded and to which General Grant alludes,
that there must be peace in the southern States.
The gentleman says there will be no more war
there. 1 hope, fur the sake of my country, that
he is right: and I believe he is right. But it
must be remembered that, there is still in that
section of the country insnbordination, want of
personal safety, danger of bloodshed, violence,
assassination, danger of proscriotion, danger
of interference with elections, such as, for ex-
ample, we saw in New Orleans a few weeks
ago an occurrence that will be forever one of
the terrible shames of the Republic.
Now, sir, that thing must stop, and we must
have peace in that sense; not only that there
shall not be war, but there shall be absolute
peace and public safety. Where do we stand?
Here we stand with a President elected by half
a million majority of the people, the greatest
captain of the age, a man who knows more
than any other man on the continent of Amer-
ica in reference to this subject, and that man
has said to us that we must have peace, and
also, that to the end that we shall have it, it is
not best now to compel by law a sudden re-
duction of the Army. He has said in one sen-
tence, which turned into a proverb as it came
from his pen, that the highest ends of his
Administration and the profoundest purpose
of the mighty people were peace. That sen-
tence was, "Let us have peace." But, sir,
we will not have the peace that sentence
means until every citizen of the Republic shall
be as safe on every foot of land in the Repub-
lic as he is upon any foot. That is what he
means by peace ; not only absence of wars, but
safety everywhere. Now, that man, charged
with the duty of seeing that we have such a
peace, has said to us that it is not wise to re-
duce by command of law the Army just now
very greatly.
Mr. ELDRTDGE. If the gentleman will
allow me I will ask him a question in the line
which he is pursuing.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Certainly, if the
gentleman from Massachusetts does not object,
as 1 am occupying the floor by his courtesy.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from Ohio
has spoken of the necessity of personal secu-
rity everywhere, and he has also spoken of the
uncertainty of liie, liberty, and property in the
southern States. I will ask him whether he
knows of any worse cases than the case of
murder in the city of New York in open day-
light, or the one in the city of Philadelphia,
or the one in the city of Chicago?
Mr. ROSS. Or the one in Jacksonville?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Or the one in Jackson-
ville? Does the gentleman kuowof any cases
in the South more grievous than those showing
the want of public safety in the North ? Does
he know of any in the southern States equal
to those which have occured recently in the
northern States ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. If the gentleman's
question refers to the murder in the city of
New York which occurred just before the
election, when a Republican was pursued by a
member of his own party in daylight and killed,
I believe then, I answer, that there is necessity
for peace there as everywhere else, and we
propose to have it. Now, if the gentleman will
excuse me, 1 will go on with my remarks.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman to
answer my question. The cases te which I
have referred are notorious.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will say, with
all due kindness to the gentleman from Wis-
consin, that if his suggestions were in the line
of my remarks I would go into detail and an-
swer him ; but as they are not, and I do not want
to trespass too much on the time of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts 
Mr. ELDRTDGE. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is quite willing to yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. That General of
the Army has stated to us that it is not wise
to make a law for the compelled reduction of
the Army. He stands to us in a double rela-
tion in making this recommendation. When
he made it he was the President-elect as well
as the General of the Army. He has sqid to
his political friends as well as to his political
opponents, he has officially, unofficially, and
abundantly said to us, first, that he may need
all the Army he now has, and he has said, sec-
ond, that every possible economy shall be
exercised under his Administration. It is the
purpose of General Grant to be as economical
as the necessities of the Republic will permit.
In that double relation he has spoken to us,
first, as General of the Arinj', and secondly, as
a man about to take the responsibility of the
President of the United States,charged with the
restoration of orderand peace. He has asked
us not to reduce the Army more rapidly than
under the method which he has pointed out. I
wish the gentleman from Massachusetts to say
to hs whether he is not willing to trust General
Grant under such a provision as is in the Mil-
itary Committee's bill, that this reduction will
be made by the General as rapidly as it is safe
to doit. I wish to say that there is an economy
which is both profligate and criminal which is
indicated by that old aphorism that for want
of a nail the shoe was lost, and for want of the
shoe the horse was lost, and for want of the
horse the rider was lost, and for want of the
rider the kingdom was lost. We must not
make a mistake. When General Grant made
this recommendation he was about to become
President of the United States. We must re-
member these facts when we come to this letter
of his. He says, " I am about to become the
President of the United States ; I mean to be
as economical as possible, but I mean to have
peace ; and to be certain that peace shall surely
come it is not safe to reduce the Army just now
by such a law as leaves no option with me, and
compels me to part with troops which I may
need to the securement of the public safety."
I can agree to go for everything—for the gen-
tleman has captivated me with his argument—
I will go for everything he argues in favor of
if it does not contravene the proposition I now
state, to wit, that I am in favor of leaving the
General of the Army, so soon to be the Presi-
dent of the United States, with an Army largo
enough to give us that blessed consummation
that he alluded to in that sentence which crys-
talized into a jewel the moment it was uttered,
•'Let us have peace." I fear that if we com-
pel a reduction below what the General of the
Army says it ought to be, we will hamper his
Administration, and cripple him in the very
face of the advice he has given in his last offi-
cial utterance.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I have no desire to cripple the administra-
tion of General Grant. Far, far from it. His
administration I propose to uphold in everyway
that I know how. But the argumentof the gen-
tleman that in the matter of the Army we must
be guided by the wishes and opinions of the
Executive, however communicated to us, grates
harshly on my ear, and for this controlling
reason: our fathers in England were so stren-
uous for civil liberty and so chary of yielding
anything to the Army that they never voted
supplies for one but for a single year, and
always determine how many troops they will
raise before they will vote a single dollar. The
British army has to undergo revision every
single year. The Parliament first vote how
many men they will have and then how much
they shall be paid. That is done lest they
should have fixed upon them a standing army
which they cannot get rid of. They treat the
navy very differently. They vote the wages
of the seamen and let the number of seamen be
fixed afterward. But it has become a maxim
of the British constitution that the army must
undergo revision by the House of Commons
every year lest the army should so fasten them-
selves upon the country as to steal away the
liberty of the nation.
Now, while General Grant is a great military
officer, yet he has the esprit de corps of all mil-
itary officers ; hence he did not wish while he
was General of the Army to offend his brother
officers by asking that the Army should be
