414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the whole bill be
tead, that we may know what it is.
The Chief Clerk. The title is ' 'A bill in
jelation to the public debt and the currency."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the bill be read. Is
it very long ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, air.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object to its reading ;
ire have not time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to its considera-
lion if it is not before the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. If the bill is not before
the Senate for consideration how can a motion
in regard to it be entertained?
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. It can only
be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, no motion in regard to the bill
can be entertained.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I desire
to give notice that when the bill just reported
by the Senator from Ohio comes up for con-
sideration I shall propose certain amendments
which I wish to have printed with the bill.
The amendments I send to the desk ; it is diffi-
cult to understand them without a reading of
the bill. I should prefer to explain them at
thi^p time.
The P RESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments will be received, and ordered to be
printed if there be no objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I also give
notice that I shall have some amendments to
offer when the bill comes up for consideration,
which I will submit before that time, not hav-
ing them ready this mornimr.
Mr. FREHNGHUYSEiV. My colleague
["Mr. Catteli.J having been called away, in
his name 1 offer ail amendment to the funding
bill, which has just been reported, and ask that
it bo printed.
'1 he PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am further directed by
the Committee on Finance, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 678) to provide for the
redemption in coin of United States notes and
fractional currency, and requiring the national
banks to redeem their notes in coin, known
as the bill of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton,] to report it back, and to state that so
much of it as has been approved by the com-
mittee is embodied in the bill already reported,
and we therefore recommend that this bill lie
on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. PAIIEIlSONjOf New Hampshire, from
the Committee Oil the District of Columbia, to
whom the subject was referred, reported a
bill (S. No. 786) to provide for the paving of
Pennsylvania avenue; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. MORlilLL, of Vermont. I am directed
by the Committee on Commerce, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 731) to authorize the
New York, Newfoundland, and London Tele-
gtaph Company to land its submarine cable
upon the shores of the United States, to report
it back with a recommendation that the bill
do pass ; and as it is a very short bill, to which
1. presume there will be no objection, I ask to
have it passed at this time.
The PRKSlDENTpro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill at this
time.
Mr. GRIMES. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill goes over, under the rule.
Mr. V\ 1LSO-N, from the Committee on Mili-
taiy Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S
No. 489) to relinquish the interest of the Uni-
ted States in certain lands to the city and
county of San Francisco, reported it with
amendments.
H e also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 14U0) to define
the pay of officers of the Army detailed to act
as military instructors, reported it with an
amendment.
January 18,
bills introduced.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. /83) in regard to the discharge of poorcon-
victs; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed. *
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 781) to amend the judicial system of the
United States; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the J udi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtaiiled, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 785)
concerning divorces in the District of Colum-
bia ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committeeon the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 787) to incor-
porate the Gruetle Verein of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
788) for the relief of Cowan & Dickinson, of
Knoxville, Tennessee; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOWLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 789) making an appropriation and author-
izing the purchase of additional ground for the
Nashville custom-house; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 790)
for the benefit of Mrs. Sarah E. Brooker; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 791)
to amend the existing laws in relation to the
jurisdiction of the circuit courts of the United
States; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Jujdiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
792) for the relief of W. J. Patton, collector
of internal revenue for the second district of
Arkansas; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
794) to regulate the construction of bridges
over the Mississippi and Missouri rivers, and
for other purposes ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 795) to guaranty the payment of certain
bonds to be issued under the authority of the
governments of the States of Louisiana, Arkan-
sas, and Mississippi, tor the purpose of build-
ing and repairing the levees in said States;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. NORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 796) making a grant of land to the State
of Minnesota to aid in securing the navigation
of the Mississippi river immediately above the
falls of St. Anthony; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 797) to amend and consolidate the several
acts establishing and relating to a Metropol-
itan police of the District of Columbia; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 798) to punish the collection of illegal
taxes on passengers; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. MORTON. With the permission of the
Senate, as the bill is a very short one, I should
like to read it. It is as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Hmiie of Represent-
atives m Congress assembled. That it sha.il be unlaw-
ful for any officer or agent of any railroad or other
corporation crcated by authority of any btate to pay
to the government of said State, or to any agent, or
officer thereof, any sum of money as a tax upon pas-
sengers or for the transportation of passengers into
said State or out of it or across its territory; and
that any agent or officer of any corporation as afore-
said, paying monevas aforesaid to any State govern-
ment, or to any officer or agent thereof, for the pur-
poses aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and upon c eviction thereof shall be fined
in any sura not exceeding $5,001) nor less than $1,000.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any person
pretending to act by or under the authority of any
btate, who shall collect or recoive from any person
or persons, or from any railroad or other corpora-
tions, a ny sum of money on behalf of such State as a
*ax, price, orcondition upon passengers coming into,
going out of. or through such State, or for the trans-
portation of passengers into, out of, or through such
btate, snail forfeit and pay to the United States the
sum of $w,000, to be collected by action of debt.
dec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the circuit
and district courts of the United States shall havo
jurisdiction for the trial and punishment of all mis-
demeanors and actions arising under the first and
second sections of this act, and the Supreme Court
shall ha ve appellate jurisdiction in all cases arising
under this act.
I move that the bill be printed and lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(8. No. 799) to enable the people of Colorado
to form a constitution and State government,
and for the admission of said State into the
Union on an equal footing with the original
States; which was read twice by its title.
_ Mr. POMEROY. I desire to state that this
bill only differs from the other bill on the sub-
ject m reference to the boundaries of Colorado.
I move that it be referred to the Committee
on Territories, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
cowan and dickinson.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I offer
the following resolution, and ask for its pres-
ent consideration :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
if not incompatible with the public interest, to foi-
waid to the Senate copies of all papers on file in tho
War Department relative to tho claim of Cowan &
Dickinson, of Knoxville, Tennessee, for damages
resulting from the appropriation of cotton by Gen-
eral A. E. Burnside for the defense of Knoxville in
iN ovember, 1863.
Mr. POMJSROY". The only objection I have
is the form of it, that the Secretary of War is
to judge whether it is compatible with the pub-
lic interest or not. The Secretary of War does
not run this Administration. It is the Presi-
dent that is to judge whether anything is com-
patible with the public interest.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I will
accept the amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let it lie over.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I hope
it will not lie over.
^ Ihe PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does any
benator object to the present consideration of
this resolution ?
Mr. POMEROl. The Senator proposes to
strikeout the words to which I take exception,
and I have no objection.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Then it should be read
as amended.
The Secretary read the resolution, as
amended, as follows:
He-solved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
to the Senate copies ot all papers on file in
the War Department relative to the claim of Cowan
Dickinson, of Knoxville, Tennessee, for damages
resulting from the appropriation of cott-rn by Gen-
eral A. p. Lurnside for the defense of Knoxville in
November, 1863.
ihe resolution, ss amended, was agreed to.
