l&O
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIOjSIAL GLORE.
[February 13,
Ho. op Keps.
Question of Privilege—Mr. Bromwell.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
reduced and they mustered out of service ; and
I honor liim for it. They would have looked
upon him invidiously had he so done. What
would his fellow officers have said in such
case. "By our efforts, by our services you
have attained your high position, and now you
take advantage of it to throw out your comrades
in arms." He did right.
Now, my friend did not observe what I said
aboutthe time when that report was prepared.
How many months have passed since then?
One thing is certain at all events. The Indian
war is now substantially ended. There is no
general Indian war ; there are not three thou-
sand men fighting Indians to-day ; there have
not been three thousand men in battle array
against Indians anywhere, and shall we main-
tain forty-eight thousand men to fight a few
hundred Indians ?
Mr. GARE1ELD. Our Army is less than
thirty-eight thousand. It will be about thirty-
six thousand on the 1st day of March.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very
well, then, shall we maintain thirty-six thou-
sand men ? And more than all that, shall we
maintain officers enough for seventy-five thou-
sand men, and staff officers enough for seven
hundred and fifty thousand men ? That is the
point. My friend from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
does not seem to appreciate that there is not
one word said in the bill reported by the com-
mittee about reducing the Army by one man.
The President cannot reduce it under that bill
by one man, let him do all he can. If an offi-
cer will not commit an offense for which he can
be court-martialed, he cannot reduce it by one
officer, because under the provisions of the
present law he cannot dismiss an officer of his
own motion forany cause. Therefore, thisleads
me to this question which it is for this House to
determine and decide before the country. Will
you muster out the officers that are not needed
and the men that are not needed, or will you
leave them in to draw pay and suck the blood
of the country? If you take the bill of the
Committee on Military Affairs you agree to keep
them in ; if you take my bill, then you have the
means of getting rid of them. The bill of the
committee provides no means of getting rid of
them ; mine does. The bill of the committee
does not touch the pay ; it leaves it with every
allowance, every longevity ration, everything
that is an abuse in the Army it leaves still an
abuse. There is one other thing in which the
bill of the committee differed from mine, and
that is it proposes to consolidate three depart-
ments—the quartermaster's department, the
subsistence department, and the pay depart-
ment. Now, by a single clause, which I have
putin my bill, 1 have doneallthat. I provide
that the President may detail any staff officer to
act in either of the staff departments and to con-
solidate two or more such departments at his
discretion. There I am willing to leave him
to his discretion. That is a proper place for
the exercise ol his discretion. If he thinks it
best to detail one staff officer to pay and to buy
quartermaster's stores and to buy commissary
stores, be it so ; let him consolidate as much as
he pleases. There is where I will bow to his
opinion and to the opinion of the Executive,
whomsoever that Executive may be.
But upon the great constitutional privilege
of the Commons, upon the great right that we
have to say how much of an army we shall
have, there I am very tender-footed when
any officer of the Army undertakes to control
my vote or my opinion. The king of England
never yet dared send in to his Commons a rec-
ommendation how many troops he wanted—
never; and for the reason that the Commons
felt that they understood what was necessary
for the liberties of the people of England.
Now, then, as I say, while I do not yield to
any man in my respect for General Grant's opin-
ion, when I see a difference of circumstances,
when I see where he stands true to his craft,
true to his calling, true to his brother officers
and not recommending a reduction, which it
would be unpleasant for him to do, to say the
least, while I give all the weight to his opinion
that it ought to have, yet as a man guarding
the tax-payers, as a Representative of the peo-
ple, seeing this country going deeper and deeper
into debt; taking his other great and quite as
glorious utterances "let us have economy,"
and finding that we can retrench, I am for re-
trenching by cutting off supernumerary offi-
cers.
Again, my friend from Ohio says you want
an army in order to have honest elections in
New Orleafns. That was the effect of what he
said. Well, we had an army there at the election
last fall. Well, wehadmoremen ofthe United
States Army in New Orleans at the last election
there than the general commanding there in
1862 had when lie hung a traitor for tearing
down the flag, and yet we had no peace in the
one case and perfect peace in the other. It
does not depend so much upon the numbers $f
the Army as upon who commands it. I under-
take to say that the single voice of General
Grant is more potent in New Orleans without
any soldiers than any number of soldiers with
an officer in command who advises the Repub-
licans not to provoke a conflict by registering
their votes. There is the difficulty, and not in
the want of troops. Troops will not prevent
murders and will not prevent riots in the
South ; that will require the hand of the civil
magistrate, under the guardianship of the gen-
eral.
Now, I have trespassed far too long upon
the committee. I want to call the attention of
the committee to a single further question, and
I have done. Let me say to you that the amend-
ment of the Committee on Military Affairs
seems to be only a skeleton on which to hang
the Indian Bureau. It has been twice amended
since it was presented. It has but three pro-
visions. One is that the staff officers shall be
reduced in number by consolidation—when
they die or resign. The other is that the ord-
nance and artillery departments shall be put
together and the officers mustered out—when
they die or resign. That is all there is; that
is the whole of it; the rest is Indians.
Now, when we come to vote we must take
this matter up and deal with it intelligently. I
desire the House, if they mean anything by
this reduction, if they mean to have the Army
reduced, to so act as to accomplish that pur-
pose.
Gentlemen will remember that we discussed
this matter on the 11th of July last, and we
then ordered the Military Committee to bring
in a bill for the reduction of the Army. But
they never have brought that measure forward
so that we could vote upon it. And now I
desire a vote upon this question. We can take
this substitute and have five minutes' debate
upon it, and by amendments add one or more
regiments or take off one more regiment, or to
strike out an officer or to put in an officer. In
that way full discussion can be had upon the
bill and it may be perfected.
Now, will the committee adopt this system,
or will you take a bill which gives you no sys-
tem of reduction ? That is a question on which
members will vote according as they want econ-
omy or not.
Question of Privilege.
SPEECH OF HON. H. P. H. BROMWELL,
of illinois,
ix the House of Represbxtatives,
February 18. 1869,
In the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on the resolutions that the House protest
against the coucting of the vote of Georgia, by
Older of the Vice President pro tempore.
Mr. BROMWELL said:
_ Mr. Chairman: The matter upon which I
rise to speak to-night is that which recently
created so much disturbance in this Hall. I
wish, before speaking of the more important
questions involved, to call attention to the par-
ticular matter which occasioned the disorder,
a matter which has not been spoken of to any
extent before the House. Tbe disturbance
which has been spoken of in such animated
terms by the press and by Representatives on
the floor, and stigmatized by two gentlemen
from Ohio as the violence of a mob, or an ex-
hibition of the spirit of hell, arose upon an ap-
peal taken by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] from the decision of the
Chair.
Concerning that appeal I will say that when
the convention met we saw a President in the
chair and three tellers. How came they there?
Those who speak so much about the Consti-
tution should take notice that the Constitution
puts no man in the chair and makes no man a
teller. By legislation of Congress, and that
alone, was there any presiding officer over that
convention. Every one has recognized the
right of the Congress, from the beginning of
the Government up to the present time, to fix
the time at which the President of the Senate
shall open the votes according to the Consti-
tution, and the time aud manner of counting
the same. The Constitution has not devolved
that duty upon any particular person, but the
Congress, seeing the necessity that some pro-
vision should be made, has heretofore passed
rules on that subject.
During the discussion that has sprung up on
this occasion three different views of the nature
of the convention have been put forth. Some
have insisted that it was a joint convention ;
others simply that both Houses of Congress
were present; others that members ofthe House
and of the Senate were here as mere spectators,
while the Vice President or President of the
Senate was performing his functions.
Now, sir, I wish to say concerning the mat-
ter of that appeal and concerning the whole of
that question that it is manifest to my mind
that if any body of men be assembled together
in the name of law, and charged with any func-
tions whatever, they have certain inherent and
necessary powers in order that they may first
ascertain and know that they are the parties
intended; and, secondly, there being an object
for which they are convened, whether or not
they are doing anything tending to accomplish
the same, and whether or not they are doing it
in the mode ordained. If they have not these
powers they are the merest spectators, entirely
supernumerary, and are in no sense a legisla-
tive, judicial, or executive body, an assembly
wholly destitute of legal functions, and only
useful as witnesses to the impotency of the
law on an occasion so vital to the interests and
existence ofthe Republic.
By the voice of the Constitution alone, ac-
cording to the interpretation of some gentle-
men here, the Vice President might have noti-
fied both Houses of Congress of the time and
place when and where it would suit him that
I they should come and be present and see
| him count the votes. Under the interpreta-
i tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
i Bkooiiall] the President of the Senate might
assemble both Houses to witness his perform-
| ance of counting the votes ; and then, if he
l should choose to lay aside the vote of Pennsyl-
' vania, for instance, and say that in his opinion
: it was informal, that would be an end of it.
Manifestly the Constitution contemplated no
such result, but intended that there should be a
count by a party responsible atonce to the rep
resentatives of the people, who should be pres-
ent competent to oversee and direct in the name
and by the authority of the people. Who.
then, are to count that vote under the Consti-
tution aside from your laws? The two Houses
by themselves or officers appointed to count
for them. For what else are they to be present V
Why be assembled? For, if the President of
the Senate choose to do his work correctly and
