1869.]
APPENDIX TO THIS CONGBKSSIONAL &LOBE.
101
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Question of Privilege—Mr. BromtoeU.
Ho. oi" Keps.
fairly, he can as well notify the pablie when
he has fiaished it to his own satisfaction with-
out any witnesses whomsoever, and if he should
ehoose to play the despot and usurper he could
do it clothed with the form of law as well in the
presence of the powerless Houses of this Con-
gress as by himself, and the whole provision of
the Constitution would be utterly a nugatory.
But manifestly when the Constitution says
that a count shall be made, having first assem-
bled the Houses of Congress, it is intended that
the Houses of Congress shall count, and they
have shown this to be clearly the understanding
of Congress by ordering tellers to do in their
presence thatwhich would be too inconvenient
to be done by the whole body, and further by
making the President of the Senate President
of the assembly. The Coustitution having made
him the custodian of the budget of certificates,
he is to bring forward those papers and do
what? Open them in the presence of both
Houses. And then when he has done that he
has done all that the Constitution requires him
to do, and from that moment the whole pro-
ceeding falls into the hands of the representa-
tives of the people and of the States. His func-
tion under the Constitution is at an end when
he breaks the seal; and the Congress has recog-
nized this to be the law by the rule I have men-
tioned providing tellers. Who counts when a
body of men are commanded to be present at a
counting and nothing is said as to who shall
count ? Manifestly it means the body, and Con-
gress has so recognized it by providing laws, and
particularly by this twenty-second rule, which
prescribes how and in what manner the count
shall go forward. By fixing a definite time for
the transaction of this business Congress has
assumed jurisdiction to legislate on that sub-
ject, for Congress thereby takes from the Pres-
ident of the Senate the determination of the
time when he would open the certificates,which
power was by the Constitution left in the hands
of the President of the Senate as much as the
power to count. When Congress passed a law
or a joint rule which provided that in a certain
event the vote of a State should not be counted,
they were then legislating on the subject and
assuming control of it, and the Senate and the
House on the occasion of this count this very
week recognized this doctrine, for they trans-
acted business in reference to Louisiana under
that rule, and finally they transacted it in refer-
ence to Georgia itself under that rule. Take
notice, sir, that the Senate left the Hall under
that rule.
In fact the Senate went out under one stat-
ute and came back under another. They left
the Hall because the President said that ob-
jection being made to counting the vote of
Georgia under the rule the Senate would retire
to deliberate upon it. It seems that after they
went out they deliberated on the question
whether the objection was in order or not ; they
deliberated on this because of the former joint
resolution, till they decided that said resolu-
tion did not bind them to deliberate at all; and
having decided said resolution not in force
concerning Georgia, they came back into this
House and announced to the House that the
cause for which they went out did not exist, for
the reason that a subsequent resolution con-
trolled the case of Georgia; but still acting
under the rxtle they held not to control the
case, they then and there by their President
announced to this House and to the Senate
that the Senate had decided that the objection
of the gentleman from Massachusetts was out
of order, and therefore he, the President of the
Senate, for the reason that the Senate had so
decided, held it out of order. Upon that state-
ment by him that the Senate alone determined
this question the gentleman from Massachu-
setts appealed from the Chair. To whom did
he appeal ? Of course he must have appealed
to the body present, for clearly there could be
no appeal from the chairman of a joint con-
vention or any other assembly t# either ot the
Houses. And yetthe Constitution never could
have meant that the Vice President should be
an autocrat on that occasion. The Constitu-
tion never intended that John C. Breckinridge,
then about to become a major general in the
rebel army, might have sat in that seat and
declared Abraham Lincoln not elected, by
withholding the votes of New York and Penn-
sylvania and other States on motion of his
own, and therefore absolutely overthrowing the
Government without a struggle with arms.
The men who framed the Constitution never
contemplated that; and whatever casus omis-
sus there may be in the provisions of that in-
strument touching this matter, it is manifest
that they intended that the body assembled to
count should know when it met whether it was
the body intended, and whether it was proceed-
ing in order to execute the order of the Con-
stitution.
I know it is said, and perhaps it may be true,
that the founders of the Constitution founded
a double-headed, a hydra-headed assembly,
which, being completely organized as both Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, sits at the
same time and in the same place for the trans-
action of business. Manifestly such a body as
that cannot do business in any manner. How-
ever plausible it may sound that two complete
and separate organizations can sit down in the
same Hall, everybody knows that as a matter
of fact two organizations caunot transact busi-
ness in the same Hall at the same time in any
manner that would not reflect utter contempt
and disgrace upon the entire proceeding.
Would one body be passing upon the objection
raised by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Bctleb] while the other body was con-
sidering and determining a question of order
arising out of that objection ? Would one
Presiding Officer be recognizing the Senators
composing the J)ody to which he belongs, and
would the other Presiding Officer at the same
time be recognizing the Representatives com-
posing the other body to which he belongs?
Why, sir, a confusion of Babel would be in-
augurated by the overweening power of the
Constitution.
There can be no doubt that the Constitution
intended that the two Houses of Congress
separately should regulate, by concurrent ac-
tion, the law touching the mode and manner
of counting the electoral votes ; and that when
assembled together they are so much of a joint
convention that they can take notice whether
they are there or not: that they can ascertain
whether each House is there by roll-call or
otherwise; that if the man presiding under
the statute sees fit to grasp the whole power
and take proprietorship of every rule of or-
der, they can, by a right inherent in every
assembly that ever sat, judge whether its own
mouth-piece is speaking truly its own voice.
How came the President of the Senate to be
President of this joint convention ? Does the
Constitution say that he shall preside ? Sav,
the Constitution does not say that any man
shall preside. Yet the manifest propriety of
the officer who takes rank in other respects,
taking the chair and presiding in the joint con-
vention, has caused the law to prescribe that
course. And the Senators are by courtesy
provided with seats by themselves, when other-
wise the members of the two bodies might be
mingled together promiscuously.
Did the Constitution contemplate that the
members of the Senate should leave the Hall
of the joint convention and formally proceed
to their own place of business every time any
member of the joint convention should choose
to raise a question of order? Plainly, if that
were the case, they might never be able to
count a single electoral vote, for as soon as
they might return from deciding one question
any member could raise another, and out would
go the Senate, or perhaps the House be com-
pelled to go, to decide it.
Did the framers of the Constitution ever con-
template the organization of a legal assembly
so absurd and preposterous as this joint con-
vention would be should that be the course
they must pursue? Sir, such was not their
intention. Their intention must, have been
that, under laws which Congress might frame
in their separate bodies for the regulation of
this matter, the inherent rights of a body assem-
bled together for the transaction of public busi-
ness should pertain to them when assembled
for the purpose of counting the electoral votes,
at least to an extent sufficient to enable those
who are the counters on behalf of the people
to know that they are counting.
There can be no doubt that the Vice Presi-
dent or Presiding Officer of the Senate presided
over both bodies when assembled in joint con-
vention by the consent and acknowledgment
of every member of both Houses. They all
recognize his duty to actas the Presiding Officer
of the joint convention. The Speaker of the
House himself commanded the members of the
House in so many words to obey the orders of
the President of the convention under penalty
of arrest by the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House.
Then, if the President of the Senate has such
authority while sitting in the chair presiding
over the joint convention that members of the
House on this floor are to be arrested for not
obeying his orders, it must be derived from
some law. Not being provided for in the Con-
stitution it must come from some law of Con-
gress. And, clearly, if the laws of Congress
can place the President of the Senate over the
joint convention with powers of that descrip-
tion, clearly the laws of Congress can go fur-
ther and clothe the joint convention itself with
all the functions that are necessary, and with-
out which all assemblies are but mockeries.
That is, if it would be at all necessary to go
further than to give a presidency with such
powers to a convention in order to show that
the body so presided over was a convention
having all the inherent powers of such bodies
in general.
And now I wish to say a few words in regard
to the concurrent resolution which was passed
on Monday last in relation to the electoral vote
of the State of Georgia, and which controlled,
in effect, the counting of her vote. Generally
a member feels that an apology is due for his
conduct if he is not present when important
legislation takes place in the body to which he
belongs. But upon this occasion I do think
that I may esteem it rather creditable than
otherwise that I was not present when such a
resolution as that passed this body. It is a
kind of draw-bridge resolution—that if Georgia
be going up stream she may go through, but
if she be going down stream she shall not go
through. It is a fast-and-loose alternative,
unworthy of the Representatives of a free peo-
ple, or of any people that can maintain their
freedom. The resolution said in fact to the
world that we were afraid to throw out the
vote of Georgia and afraid to count it, but
that we would append it in this most prepos-
terous manner to the tail end of the count-
This was not simply an act of oppression in
case the resolution were wrong; but an act
which, whether right or wrong, is, let Georgia
be what it may, an act of insult and contumely
to the people of that Commonwealth, and this
whether she be entitled to vote or not. To
throw out the vote of a State contrary to law
is an act of oppression ; but to tie a State on
in that manner to a count with an alternative
that if she does not count she shall count, but
if she counts she shall not count, is making
sport not only of the people of such a State,
but of the highest functions of Government.
Hence I am very happy to state I was not
present when this resolution was adopted by
this House.
In the confusion that prevailed in the joint
convention—for I think it is generally admitted
that whatever thing was done that particular
thing was not in order provided you could get
