1368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
Mr. HARLAN. I will restate what I said
yesterday. The treaty provides that a mill
shall l?e erected for these Indians. There was
no mill-stream to enable the Government to
erect a water-mill, and so in order to have a
mill that would be useful they were compelled
to erect a steam-mill. Now, a steam-mill with-
out an engineer would be worthless. Taking
that view of it tie Department has estimated
from year to year for an engineer, and the
appropriation has been made ever since the
year 1854, as I understand.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My honorable
friend is not quite correct, allow me to say. I
had occasion to look at this matter this morn-
ning, and I find on going back that an appro-
priation for an engineer and assistant is of
recent date. I looked back to 1859, and I
found no such appropriation that year. It has
* grown up of late. The Senator will observe
that this is " the fourth of ten installments."
. The miller by this time, whoever he is, ought
to bo able to run that mill, I submit; but it is
enough to say that itis not within treaty stipu-
lations. I have not the slightest idea the House
of Representatives would agree to it.
Mr. HARLAN. As to the fact, I can only
say that the Department report that they have
had an appropriation every year for an engi-
neer of this mill since the mill was erected.
Whether the Department know best or the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, I will not undertake to decide.
Mr. THAYER. Of course there was no
necessity for an engineer until (he mill was
crected. IIe«.iuld not. have been there before.
The statement which I made yesterday was
that every year the provision had been made
for the engineer and assistant. Of course I
meant while there was a mill, not until there
w 3 a mill.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 19, noes 1 £>.
Mr._MORIi.ILL, of Maine. I ask for the yeas
and nays, bocauso if it is the pleasure of the
Senate to put in this, others will follow.
The yeas and nays wero ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Several Senators ask to
have this question stated. The chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations has stated it, but
perhaps after what I said yesterday I may do
it. also. The treaties with the Indians provide
for erecting mills and making vnrious improve-
ments, and furnishing in some cases a miller
and in some cases a blacksmith, Ac. I under-
stand that in every case where the treaty re-
quires these persons to be furnished compen-
sation is provided for them in the bill. Now
it is proposed to provide compensation for an
engineer. No engineer is stipulated for in the
treaty, and the question is whether the Govern-
ment of the United States shall pay for the
engineer to run the mill, or whether the In-
dians themselves shall pay him. It, was said
yesterday in reply to a few observations that
T made that heretofore the Committee on
Finance had reported this bill with an engineer
for these Indians provided for to be paid by the
Government. 1 desire to say that the Indian
bill has heretofore been made up upon esti-
mates furnished us by the Indian Bureau, and
that I have noticed repeatedly that the Indian
Bureau have inserted in the Indian'appropria-
tiou hills appropriations not required by treaty
stipulations, and wo have acted upon them here
upon the supposition that they were provided
for by treaty stipulations. We did not always
perhaps examine the treaties, but when the
department furnished us a statement that such
and such officers and agents were required to
carry into effect a treaty stipulation we would
put in the items, relying more upon their ex-
aminations of the Indian treaties than our own,
and in this way no doubt the engineer has here-
tofore, m some years at least, been provided
for in many of these cases. But it seems to
me there is no ground in law or equity, either
upon the terms of the treaties or upon honesty
or good iaith, for us to pay the engineer or pay
for anybody not provided for by the treaty it-
self. We might just as well buy corn to grind
in the mill; we might just as well plant seed
in the ground ; we might just as well hoe the
corn and do all that is necessary to raise it
as to provide for agents and employ6s not pro-
vided for by the treaty.
I sympathize with my honorable friend from
Maine in his attempt to resist this extension
of Indian treaties. In very many cases when
I had something to do with the Indian appro-
priation bill we had to strike off items that
were inserted in the Indian estimates that were
not demanded fey Indian treaties. We bad
continually to look over the Indian treaties to
see whether or not matters were not tlirustinto
the estimates nominally to carry treaties into
execution, when the treaties did not contain
such provisions; and I have no doubt this is
one ot them.
A liberal construction is given to Indian
treaties. Expenditures are thrust into the
estimates for carrying in to effect Indian treaties,
and, as a matter of course, relying on those
estimates, not in all cases comparing the esti-
mates with the treaties, we frequently appro-
priate money not demanded by the treaties;
and one example being set, it is followed year
in and year out. I have no doubt that is the
case here.
Sir, these Indians are rich. They occupy a
valuable reservation on the banks of the Mis-
souri river ; and my only wonder is that that
reservation has not heen bought out by the
Government of the United States and handed
over to the settlers of Nebraska. Perhaps
there is a treatypending t.o that effect now. Is
there not a proposition to buy out the Omahas?
Mr. THAYER. No, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. At any rate .this is an
Indian tribe occupying a portion of the terri-
tory ot the State of Nebraska. They are able
to pay their miller, and to pay the expenses
of running their mill; able to raise corn, able
to grind it; and a very small toll on tile corn
ground would pay this expense. It does seem
to me that this is a kind of test vote, because
if this item is allowed to be inserted a great
many other similar appropriations will be in-
serted in this bill; and as we are called upon
to vole by yeas and nays I think we ought to
sustain the Committee on Appropriations and
the House of Representatives in excluding
from this Indian appropiiation bill every item
not demanded by treaty stipulations. We
should not merely grant money because having
built a mill we are bound to furnish a miller.
Upon the same grounds, having furnished the
miller we are bound to furnish the com, and
having furnished tho corn wo are bound to
raise the corn, and being bound to raise the
corn wo are bound to furnish the land to raise
it. You might carry this kind of argumentout
until the Indian appropriation bill would swal-
low up Hie whole revenues of this country.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, that is a
very singular argument. Tho Constitution pro-
vides that Congress may establish post offices
and post roads. According to the Senator's
argument we must employ people to write let-
ters to put them into the ollices to be carried
oil the post roads; and if the people cannot
be found we must, make people in order that
they may write letters to go into the postollices
aud go on the post roads. I think that is a
very singular argument.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to say
just one word, because as we settle this so we
shall settle all other questions that are kindred
to this. We are making provision for the per-
formance ofour treaty stipulations. This treaty
with the 0nialms provides that we shall sup-
port a blacksmith, that we shall support one
miller, and that we shall support one farmer.
Now, the proposition is to ingraft upon that
an engineer not provided for by the treaty.
That is all there is of it. To that I object as
not authorized. I do not know that it would
not be a liberal or a charitable thing to do ; but
we are simply providing for the service as it is
established by law and the treaty ; and when
we have done that we have discharged our
whole duty to this tribe.
Mr. WARNER. Perhaps there is no Sen-
ator here who has more faith in a pacific policy
toward the Indians than I have ; but it does
seem to me that we must have some rule of
action. If we are to go outside of the treaty
stipulations we are at sea and we have no rule
of action, and then we are left to our own
judgment as to what will be beneficent and
friendly and kindly and to the interest of the
Indians. It. seems to me that an obligation to
establish a mill by no means carries the obli-
gation to furnish a miller. If it be true that
there was no water there the treaty stipulation
of course required the Government to build a
steam-mill; that is, they were compelled to
build a steam-mill to comply with the treaty
obligation. It seems to me, however, that the
Senator from Iowa entirely reverses the effect
of the argument. Accordiug to his position
if you establish a post road you are bound to
furnish postmasters and post offices and people
to write the letters; The position on the other
side is, that if we sustain the treaty the obli-
gation to establish a post road does not carry
with it any obligation to furnish the post-
masters and the people to write letters. It does
seem to me that if we do not confine ourselves
to the treaty stipulations we have no rule of
action. It is to be presumed that the interests
of the Indians were fully eared for and looked
after in the making of the treaty, and by par-
ties who had a much better means of knowing
what was wise and just for the Government
to do than we have or can have. Our only
safety is to confine ourselves within our treaty
obligations.
Mr. HARLAN. One word more. There are
many members of the Senate and House of
Representatives who think that no treaties
ought to be made with tho Indians. They think
that Congress ought to judge what provision is
necessary to be made for these children of the
forest and of the plains. Here is a case in
point. It is an appeal to the discretion of Con-
gress whether an engineer shall be employed
to run a steam-mill for a small tribe of Indians,
who have abandoned their nomadic life and
who have settled down on a small scrap of laud
and who are attempting to make their living
by the sweat of their brows. It is an appeal
to Congress which has been responded to for a
series of years favorably. Congress has made
the appropriation year after year for a seiies
of years. The same appeal is made to-day.
Mr. DAVIS. As I understand from this
debate the mill that is to be established is a
steam-mill. Now, why furnish the Indians a
steam-mill when they know nothing about
operating it? If they are to haveitand receive
any practical benefit from it, it is a matter of
the plainest necessity that they should have
somebody employed who is competent to man-
age it and to keep it in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Tho treaty pro-
vides for a miller.
Mr. DAVIS. But does it provide for an
engineer?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. The engineer is more import-
ant than the miller, because an Indian might
soon learn to be a miller.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My answer is,
that we are making appropriations in harmony
with the treaty stipulations. It may be that
we ought to have provided for au engineer in
the treaty, but we did not.
Mr. DAVIS. The harmony of good sense
and usefulness is to furnish them an engineer.
It is perfect folly to give them a steam-mill
without even a miller or an engineer, or some
man who has mechanical skill enough to keep
the steam-mill in repair and put it in repair
when it gets out of order.
Mr. THAYER. I suppose the explanation
of this is that at the time the treaty was made,
as has been stated by my friend from Iowa, a
water-mill was contemplated; but when they
came to erect the mill it was found that a
steam-mill was necessary, and a steam-roill was
erected, and the Government has furnished au
engineer for it ever since. Now, the question
