416
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
January 18,
a half per cent, on the copper in the ore ; that
is all. The amendment gives gives forty-five
per cent, upon the manufactured article, and
as that covers the case stated by the Senator
from Vermont, I supposed it would be entirely
satisfactory to him.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a case I have in
my mind, and I should like to have the atten-
tion of my friend from Vermont, to know
whether the bill covers the ease of sulphate of
copper or blue vitriol?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It does not.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to have that come
into this bill. There is a considerable quantity
of it made in Massachusetts.
Mr. FERRY. I desire to have the first
amendment offered by the Senator from Ver-
mont read. Let us see what that is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. My first and
second amendments go together.
The Chief Clerk. The first amendment is
in line nine after the word "ores'' to insert
" containing sulphur;" so as to make the clause
read, " on all copper imported in the form of
ores, containing sulphur, three cenis on each
pound of fine copper contained therein."
Mr. CHANDLER. That opens the whole
subject whether you will levy the duty of three
cents per pound upon all imported ores. The
Senator from Vermont desires to make a dis-
crimination between carbonates and sulpluir-
ets. Now, if he makes a discrimination, it
should be in favor of the other side. It is the
foreign carbonates which are so largely im-
ported into the United States; there are few,
if any, sulphurets imported ; I believe none
at all.
I hold in my hand reports from different
smelting works and from scientific gentlemen,
showing that sulphurets require no carbonates
in their smelting, but that carbonates cannot
be smelted at all without sulphurets. The
product of Chili is chiefly carbonates, though
there are some sulphurets, but all the sulph-
urets raised in Chili are used with their car-
bonates to produce copper, and the sulphur,
a poor kind of carbonate ores, are exported
from Chili to the United States to mix with
our sulphurets. If we did not receive these
ores from them they would be compelled to
import our sulphurets to mix with their car-
bonates. The very class of ores, if any, that
we wish to exclude is these carbonates. That
is the very class that should pay the highest
duty. It is a class that is not required in our
smelting. It is true sulphurets require car-
bonates ; but the carbonate of lime or the car-
bonate of iron or any other carbonate will
answer just as well; but carbonates must have
sulphurets or else they cannot be manufactured
into copper. Hetiee, if these carbonates were
excluded the Chilians would be compelled, if
they could not increase their own production
of sulphurets, to come to us for our sulphurets
to mix with their carbonates to produce cop-
per.
But, sir, it comes down to this point: are
we asking an unreasonable protection upon the
products of our mines? The Senator from
Vermont told me that a few years ago, when
we were reorganizing the tariff, he himself
proposed a duty upon copper and copper ores,
and that then we of the West declined it be-
cause we did not need it.. That is true. At
that time our ingot cupper was bringing twenty-
eight cents a pound in gold, and it cost about
half as much to raise the copper then as it
does now. It is now worth about tweutv-
three and a half or twenty-four cents in cur-
rency, and costs double the amount to raise
that it did then. It is an interest in which
more than fifty million dollars of capital is
engaged, an interest that is absolutely being
crushed by foreign competition—the compe-
tition of convict-raised ores in Chili. We ask
simply a protection of twelve and a half per
cent, upon the home valuation. Taking the
foreign valuation and adding the difference in
the price of gold the percentage would be
larger, but on the home valuation it is simply
twelve and a half per cent. Every other pro-
duct, every other raw material is much more
heavily protected. Take for example pig-iron.
The protection is more than sixty percent. On
railroad, it is between forty and fifty per cent.
On coal, it is more than fifty per cent. Even
tin, of which we produce very little, is pro-
tected by a duty of fifteen per cent. And now
we come on behalf of this vast interest and
ask a reasonable protection in order that our
works may go on.
Mr. WHYTE. Will the Senator from Mich-
igan permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. WHYTE. The Senator has referred to
manufactured articles. I will ask him whether
there is any tariff, any duty upon iron ores
imported into the United States? He has
alluded to pig-iron and railroad iron, which
are manufactured iron. I ask him if there is
any duty whatever upon iron in the ore?
Mr. CHANDLER. Probably not. I do not
know anything about that. It would not pay
transportation anyhow ; and I do not suppose
any Senate would be so foolish as to put a duty
on iron ores, though perhaps it has been done
heretofore; I cannot tell. Pig-iron corre-
sponds with regulus of copper. That is pro-
tected by nine dollars a ton, and it is worth
about fourteen dollars a ton in Great Britain.
Mr. WHYTE. The Senator will allow me
to state that the objection is riot to the tax
upon the regulus of copper or to the tax upon
copper in pigs or in ingots or platesj'but it is
to putting a tax upon the ores which ofir own
miners require in this country.
Mr. CHANDLER. We put a tax upon't^ie-
copper taken from the ore. Now, Mr. Presi-
dent, copper has been called a raw material.
The Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Perky]
represented it as a raw material. Well, sir,
two thousand feet under ground, embedded in
solid rock, it is a raw material; but it costs us
twenty cents a pound to mine and raise that
ore to the surface and put it into ingot copper,
while it costs his manufacturers of clocks not
more than two or three cents a pound to put
the sheets into clocks. It is a raw material in
the bowels of the earth ; but it costs more to
raise it and put it in the form of ingot copper
than it costs to manufacture it after it is in
that form.
Now, sir, after you have voted liberal tariffs
•for the protection of all manufactures, we claim
that this great interest of Michigan aud of the
nation should receive a reasonable protection,
or protection enough to keep our works in
operation. Three fourths of the mines of Lake
Superior are to-day stopped because these for-
eign carbonates raised by convict labor, with
a duty on the Chilian value of five per cent,
are brought in and smelted at such a price that
we cannot run our works in competition with
them. The indirect taxes paid to-day by the
raisers and producers of copper in this country
are more than four times the amount of this
five per cent, protection on the ore.
1 hope that the Senate will stand by the bill
as it is. It is the same bill, wotd for word, that
this body passed two years ago after a very
thorough discussion, and I ask the Senate to
stand by it now and give us three cents a pound
duty on copper in the ore, both carbonates and
sulphurets.
As for the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont imposing six cents apound on sheath-
ing copper of a certain kind, I have no objec-
tion to that; but we have already adopted an
amendment which allows much more, and
which, as I supposed, was entirely satisfactory
to the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSBN. I should like to
hear the amendment which was offered by the
Senator from Rhode Island, and which lias
been adopted, read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment already
adopted is to add to the bill:
Oa copper in rolled plates, called brazier's copper,
sheets, rods, pipes, and copper bottoms, eyelets, and
all manufacturers of copper, or of which copper shall
be a component part of chief value, not herein other-
wise provided tor, forty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. FRBLINGHU YSEN, Witkthatamend-
ment I have no objection to the bill. The
manufacturers of copper in this country are
very much interested that this bill without that
amendment should not. be adopted. I hold in
my hand a specimen of copper manufacture,
being a copper wire cloth, which costs, manu-
factured in England with the tariff here, when
it arrives here $2 72, and it cannot be manu-
factured here for less than f>3 42 putting down
the copper in England at I think twelve cenis
and here at twenty-four cents. So the copper
already costs the manufacturer in this country
a great deal more than it does the English
manufacturer; but the duty of forty-five per
cent. I suppose would enable the American
manufacturers to compete with the English.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. President,
in dealing with such subjects as these I have
always found that it was necessary to be just
to all interests. The present duty upon copper
ore is only five per cent. Therefore the specific
rate of duty here of three cents a pound on
ores upon all the copper contained therein is
at once a very large increase, and it will inevit-
ably have the effect to be disastrous to all who
are engaged in commerce in bringing the ores
here; and our shipping at the present moment
throughout the country is very mueh depressed.
I would not in helping and aiding the copper
interest strike down another of equal magni-
tude.
It is true, as the Senator has said, that when
the tariff of 1801 was put upon copper two
c£nts a pound upon raw copper was looked
jfupon as something entirely inconsequential to
the interests of Michigan, and its representa-
tives then said that it would not be live years
before they would be able to supply the world
with all the copper that was needed; and in
point of fact at that time they were exporting
raw copper from this country to a very con-
siderable amount.
Now, sir, the real trouble in regard to thi3
matter, after all, in manufacturing iron or cop-
per or anything else, is in consequence of our
inflated currency. It is impossible that we
should compete with foreigners and do busi-
ness successfully while we have an inflated
currency.
Mr. President, when we place aduty epon the
sulphurets we shall place all that is demanded
on the part of the Senator from Michigan
upon those ores that come in from the British
provinces. I only propose that there shall
be one cent a pound less upon the carbonates
which are brought here and are needed in
the country even for the manufacture of our
own sulphurets where they have not wood.
For example, on the Pacific coast, in Cali-
fornia and in Oregon, they will protest against
the idea of having a duty placed upon car-
bonate ores that shall be prohibitory, because
on the Pacific coast they have not wood,
they have not coal by which those ores can
be smelted, and it is therefore profitable to
them that they should be continued to bo
brought together, in my own State for years
we sent these sulphurets to Boston and to Bal-
timore even; but recently they have estab-
lished smelting works, so that they are going to
smelt at home, and we have no interest ia the
matter.
But I do contend that it is necessary that
we should be just in all these adjustments of
the tariff to all interests that are involved ;
and it seems to me that my friend from Michi-
gan ought to be content with one cent a pound
less upon the carbonates. 1 think we shall be
likely to enact a measure which will be far
more stable and arouse much less hostility if
we do that. I hope the Senator will consent
to that.
Mr. CHANDLER. The protective duty on
lead ore is a cent and a half a pound, or more
than fifty per cent.
| Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. For the sim-
j pie reason that lead ores are almost pure when
| taken out, yielding not less than seventy-five
| per cent, of pure metal.
: Mr. CHANDLER. Well, the duty on lead
i in bars is fifty per eent. All we ask for copper
