192
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 18,
Ho. of Reps.
Death, of Hon. Darwin A. Finney—Mr. Randall.
40th Cong. ... 3d Sess.
at anything else that was in order—the Senate
under the joint rule adopted in 1865 retired
from the House to deliberate, and upon delib-
erating found that the joint resolution did not
affect the case, and came back, and unde.r that
very resolution decided, and the President of
the convention announced the decision, that
the gentleman from Massachusetts was out of
order. The decision rendered upon the return
of the Senate was a decision under the twenty-
second joint rule, and not under the concurrent
resolution recently passed in reference to
Georgia, and which the Senate said governed
the case of Georgia. So that the Senate retired
under one rule and decided under another, and
then came back, and the decision of tli8 Chair
was announced under the former.
It is ftot to be wondered at that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] in
such a State of affairs, thought it would not
be unreasonable to ask an appeal, for if all
these thing3 were in order I do not see why
any kind of an appeal or other motion would
not be in order also. Yet because, when the
members of this House were told that the Sen-
ate had decided this matter for the joint con-
vention, including the House, and for the
country, there was excitement at the announce-
ment, the House has been designated as a
"mob," and we have been told aboutthe "fell
spirit" in which this thing was conducted. I,
among others, had the honor to call upon the
President on that occasion to state by what
authority the appeal was not entertained, and
thus, I presume, I became one of the " mob "
and one of the "fell spirits" that at that time
were horrifying the imagination of the gentle-
men from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham and Mr. Gar-
field.] All that was meant by the demon-
stration made at that time, as far as I under-
stand, was that gentlemen of this House did
not want this new doctrine that had come to
light in so much confusion thrust down their
throats by the gavel of the President of the
Senate without at least some explanation on
the subject. They were willing to submit to
the common judgment, and under the very
arguments that have been used against them
all around the board, if that very question
puzzled the President of the joint convention
so that the two Houses had to separate and de-
cide it separately according to the theory of
those who are in favor of separate action, and
that, too, according to this very same rule un-
der which the Senate went out to deliberate,
there was then no need that the appeal made
by the gentleman from Massachusetts should
have caused an uproar in the House, or a con-
flict between the House and the Senate, or the
arrest of members on this floor. According
to the theory of gentlemen who take opposite
ground from mine, the two Houses still retain
the power to settle that question by their sepa-
rate action.
Looking at the state of the law and the
rules, it is not to be wondered at that on the
day the Houses recently met to count and de-
clare the vote for President there should have
been considerable excitement and disorder.
The on]v matter of wonder is that there was so
little. But if there is under the present rules
reasons to apprehend disturbance in case of a
counting, when the vote of a State put in ques-
tion cannot in any way change the result, what
must we expect in a case in which the vote of
a single State would determine the result?
And this very case might have happened on
this occasion. A few thousand votes in Penn-
sylvania and a few other States changed in
favor of Seymour and Blair would have made
the vote of Georgia decisive. In such a case
as that what would have been the scene here;
and what would have been the action of our
Democratic friends here who now sustain the
acts of the President of the Senate? Could the
supporters of either candidate for the Presi-
dency have been controlled when they would
have seen the result of the great canvass which
cost so much time and money and roused every
energy and passion of both parties finally dis-
posed of in a summary manner, and in a way
which the unsuccessful party would be sure to
look upon as clear usurpation ?
It is idle to argue the danger of such an oc-
casion. Everybody can see that a terrible con-
vulsion must be the result, not because the
beaten pariy would complain of oppression,
but because they would see in the mode by
which their defeat had been accomplished
nothing but absolute usurpation; and although
it is possible to hold the American people in
some order under great oppression within the
forms of law, yet the least attempt at usurpa-
tion sets the whole community in a flame. In
all cases in which powers are doubtful, as in
this, any exercise of them against the interests
of any portion of the community is held by
them as clear usurpation.
Clearly, then, no presidential election can be
peacefully settled under such provisions of law
as we now have in case such a contest as I have
supposed should arise concerning the vote of a
State that would change the result. Nothing
can be gained in this matter by a quarrel be-
tween the two Houses. Should they censure
each other in the most ample manner it could
do nothing toward avoiding future danger. It
could do nothing toward providing proper secu-
rity for coming elections.
In my opinion the constitutional provision is
too uncertain ; it is wholly defective, and the
laws we have in aid of it make the matter worse,
as was pointed out by the gentlemen from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell and Mr. Butleb ;]
for where the Constitution left it uncertain what
might, be done, the joint rule comes in and pro-
vides that something shall be done wrong. This
is manifestly the case in that provision which
allows either House alone to forbid the count-
ing ot' the vote of a State, instead of providing
that it should require both Houses to prevent it.
In view of this state of things I have offered
in this House an amendment to the Constitu-
tion providing that Congress may make laws
covering the whole subject, and furnish proper
officers to count, and also a proper tribunal to
determine in all questions of dispute touching
the legality of any vote. And I think that it is
proper here, as was said by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] to call the atten-
tion of Congress and the country to this great
defect in the framework of our Government.
In fact, the Government is compelled every
four years to pass through dangers, such as can
only be compared to those of a ship passing
through a narrow channel in which are sunken
rocks, and no man knows, until she reaches
them, how many they are or where they lie or
how near to the surface of the waters. No
man can tell what States may send up informal
certificates, nor when, nor in what way they
may be defective, nor what might be the effect
of their rejection on the result of an election.
For this reason many members voted against
laying on the table the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] and
the substitute of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Kelsey,] as the substitute pro-
vided for future legislation on this very subject.
Even if no collision should ever arise under
the existing law, yet the law itself is clearly
wrong, and holds out temptation to any domi-
nant party in either House to defeat willfully,
for partisan purposes, the clear will of the peo-
ple. In case at any time a decision under this
rule should change the result of an election it
could not fail to happen that the law would be
challenged at once as wholly unconstitutional;
and the best answer that could be made in its
defense would be that it probably is and prob-
ably is not—in either case it is wholly wrong
and dangerous.
I wish, sir, to defend the action of members
of this House against the aspersions thrown
upon them from several quarters, and espe-
cially by those members of this House who
saw proper to be very active in getting the
whole subject out of the way. What could gen-
tlemen expect to happen in such a case? The
cause of disturbance came suddenly upon the
House. In order that the whole House should
submit quietly and with due subordination to
whatever the Senate or its President or those
who assume leadership in the House might
think proper it would have been necessary to
train the members of the House and instruct
them until they could understand just what was
to be required of them. They should have been
informed precisely what would suit the pro-
prietors of the public business, and thus put
upon their good behavior, and after that if they
proved refractory there would be great pro-
priety in all those who might be offended
administering a.severe castigation.
But I insist that no pains were taken to put
the House in a proper frame of mind, and
hence the natural impulses of human nature
under such circumstances impelled several
members to act in a manner considered very
"fell" and hellish, to wit, in a dissatisfied
and insubordinate manner.
In saying these things I do not wish to cen-
sure the Senate. I would-not vote for any res-
olution to that effect. First, because the House
cannot censure the Senate. To censure is to
punish, and presupposes some visitorial, in-
quisitorial, or supervisory power in the party
censuring, and the House has not such power
in the least.
Secondly, the Senate did no wrong. What
they saw proper to do in their own Hall is no
business of ours, and in fact they only did just
what we did ; that is, to vote whether the vote
of Georgia should be counted; and in this
Hall they did nothing but take their seats in a
quiet and decorous manner and remain in good
order till they departed in good order
The truth is the House can do nothing but
grumble ; first, at the President of the Senate
for not allowing an appeal, and secondly at the
Speaker for compelling obedience to his or-
ders. But such a complaint would in fact only
be a complaint against the uncertain and im-
proper condition of the law, and the House can
do far better by busying itself with plans to put
the law in better condition.
I have nothing further to add but to express
the hope that the House will not let this occa-
sion pass without setting on foot some meas-
ures for the safety of the country in the future.
Death of Hon. Darwin i. Finney.
REMARKS OF HON. S.J. RANDALL,
of pennsylvania,
In tiie House of Representatives,
December 18, 1868,
On the resolutions aanounciug the death of Hon.
Darwin A. Finney.
Mr. RANDALL said:
Mr. Speaker: During a period of six years
as a member on this floor the present is the
third time I have been called upon to speak a
few parting words of respect to the memory of
associates. This time death has selected as its
victim one who was my warm friend, although
of different political opinions. Mr. Finnisy
was my sincere friend, and that friendship was
mutual.
I first became acquainted with him in Janu-
ary, 1858. He was a member of our State
Senate when I entered that body as a member
from Philadelphia. For two years we lived in
the same house, and of course the opportunity
was given me of knowing the man and of
studying his character.
He was slow in forming attachments, but
when formed they were firm, and he was ever
at the command of those to whom he was so
attached. In fact, where he liked he liked
strongly.
He was of a generous nature both in his sen-
