1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
193
40tii Cong....3d Sess.
Reduction of the Army—Mr. Pile.
Ho. op Reps.
timents and in his acts. He always allowed
those who differed with him in opinion, whether
on public matters or in private affairs, credit
for honesty of motive, and he never would see
a friend suffer for the want of what he pos-
sessed, if its gift would contribute to his com-
fort. He was of a nervous disposition, some-
times taciturn. This was, I think, attributable
to a seated disease—gout.
As a legislator he was upright and possessed
a mind of rare culture and balance. During my
stay in the Senate—for he was there before and
after me—he was the intellectual peer of any
man in it; and among the number then com-
posing that body, I may mention the vener-
able William Wilkins, who, as a Senator of
the United States from my State, as American
minister at the court of St. Petersburg, and as
Secretary of War under President Tyler, occu-
pies a conspicuous space in the history of our
country ; Thomas S. Bell, who had been chief
justice of the supreme court of Pennsylvania,
was there a member at the same time ; our
present able and distinguished Senator, Mr.
Buckalew ; Titian J. Coffey, since assistant
attorney general of the United States; Mr.
ScofielD, nowhere, and others of approaching
intellect, were leading spirits in the body. Mr.
Finney coped successfully with all.
As a logical reasoner or as an expounder of
the law he had few superiors. His views were
always freely spoken without regard to those
with whom they came in conflict. He never
catered to public opinion ; never yielded to
policy, and was altogether unmindful of tem-
porary popularity if it required him to step
aside from what he deemed right. He was
ever ready in debate; and was sometimes, if
provoked, severe in sarcasm. In fact, he was
one of the ablest legislators who ever came
under my notice.
He took great interest in the revision of our
penal code, and both in the Judiciary Com-
mittee and in the Senate, proposed many wise
reforms.
His friends had great hopes of his usefulness
and his power in this House, but disease had
taken full possession of him, and after being in
his seat but a few days his physician directed
for him an entire cessation from mental and
physical exertion. Under advice he traveled
abroad, but it was of no avail; he gradually
grew worse, and finally yielded up his spirit in
a foreign land, away from his home and his
friends. His wife was with him until the last,
and ministered to his every want with care un-
ceasing, and with a tenderness which is known
only to woman.
It would be well for us to contemplate and
understand this renewed warning of our end,
so that we may struggle to make the future of
our lives blameless; for there can be none
here who having gone thus far in the pathway
of life that can fail to recognize and realize the
fact that this is a world where pleasures fade,
hopes are delusive, and friendships perish.
Reduction of the Army.
SPEECH OF HON. WILLIAM A. PILK,
OF MISSOURI,
Ik the House op Representatives,
February 18, 1869.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the bill (H. It. Ho. 803)
making appropriations for the Support of the Army
for the year ending June 30,1870—
" Mr. PILE said:
Mr. Chairman : The question of the reduc-
. tion of an army after a war has always given
rise to earnest and excited debate both in this
country and in England; and especially has the
disposition of the officers rendered supernum-
erary by such reduction given ris£ to' difference
of opinion and to careful and earnest considera-
r, 40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 13.
tion and discussion. After the continental war
under William and Mary, for several sessions
of Parliament a large portion of the time was
given to the discussion of the military estab-
lishment of that country, the fixing of the
peace establishment, and the disposition to be
made of the large number of officers appointed
in the army during that war. The same thing
occurred in this country after the revolutionary
war and the war of 1812. This is one of the
most important considerations involved in the
qeustion now before us.
Two propositions have been presented. I
propose to confine what I have to say in the
limited time given me to a consideration of the
points of difference between the proposition
reported from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the proposition offered by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
In the first place, Mr. Chairman, I want to
say a word on the subject of the pay of the
Army. Two thirds of the speech of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] last
evening was devoted to this simple topic; and
it was presented as the main point of differ-
ence between the bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and his own propo-
sition; representing, as I understood him, all
the time that the Military Committee opposed
and antagonized any change in the present
system of paying the Army. I undertake to
say for myself, and I think for the balance of
the committee, that such is not the fact; that
the facts brought out so elaborately and dis-
tinctly with reference to the system of paying
the Army had been collected and were in the
hands of the Military Committee of this and
the. previous Congress ; and that the gentle-
man's proposition is substantially the proposi-
tion prepared by the committee and presented
to the Thirty-Ninth Congress by the chairman,
[Mr. Sohenck.] And, sir, the only reason
why the committee did not incorporate this
feature in their bill was because they under-
stood the House to give them the privilege only
to bring in a bill for the reduction of the Army,
and did not understand it was the will and de-
sire of the House that they should embrace any
question in reference to the pay of the Army.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] afterward, perhaps without much atten-
tion being paid to it, had permission to bring
in his proposition in regard to pay.
Mr. Chairman, I am in favor of this system
of paying the Army by stated salary instead of
the present cumbrous and absurd system.
With some modification as to details in the
gentleman's proposition in reference to the
pay of the Army I shall favor and vote for its
incorporation in the bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. This disposes of
the point of difference to which a large part
of the speech of the gentleman was devoted
last evening. This section can be incorporated
in the proposition of the Military Committee
without any conflict with its provisions', but
precisely in harmony with the language of the
bill.
The first material point of difference between
the proposition of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts and that reported from the Military
Committee is as to whether the Army shall be
reduced at a fixed and stated time peremptorily
and absolutely, or whether some discretion as
to the time of reduction shall be left in the
hands of the President of the United States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Where
does the gentleman provide for that discretion?
Mr. PILE. In the first section of the bill,
as follows:
After the 31st of March the President of the Uni-
ted States is authorized to reduce the Array as the
necessity of the public service vri\\ permit and to the
extent and in the manner prescribed.
In addition to the -well-timed and, I think,
cogent -remarks made by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Shellabar:(?br] last evening Jnr&i^r-'
ence to the impropriety of providing now
lutely by law for the immediate reduction of
the Army, I desire to call attention to a table
prepared this morning at the Adjutant Gen-
eral's office, which shows there are now on duty
in Texas alone, under General E. S. Canby, six
thousand troops for the preservation of order
and for the protection of Union men from the
bitterness and animosity of the rebel element
in that State, that State being as yet unrecon-
structed. I tell gentlemen that that State will
not be under the control of a loyal State gov-
ernment for month? to come, and he who ex-
pects the bitterness, animosity, hatred, and
malignancy of the rebel element there to pass
away as the morning cloud and early dew from
the simple fact that General Grant has been
elected President will find himself tnueh mis-
taken. It is perfectly clear to me that until
there is a loyal State government there, until
the sheriffs, constables, justices of the peace,
and judges of the court are loyal men, we need
these men to preserve order and protect Union
men. There are now over three thousand men
011 duty also in the State of Louisiana. So that
I thinlc it will be wiser now. under the present
circumstances, to leave tlwe precise time of
this reduction to the counsels of the Adminis-
tration that is to come into power on the 4th
of March next.
The next particular difference between the
two bills—that reported by the Military Com-
mittee and that submitted by the gentleman
from Massachusetts—to which 1 wish to direct
attention, is the provisions with reference to
the staff. Now, the bill submitted by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts provides that the
staff shall be leduced one half. To any person
who looks carefully into the subject it will be
apparent at once that some of these staff de-
partments can be reduced materially; but
others cannot, in justice to the public service
and the public interest, be reduced at all.
The engineer's department, for instance, with
the large amount of duly required of them now
in the control and prosecution of the various
public works, in the improvement of rivers
and harbors, having now to employ civil engi-
neers to do the work required of thetn by
the laws of Congress—to reduce the engineer
corps one half would be simply to dismiss a
portion of that corps and pay out as much or
more money in the employment of civil engi-
neers to do the work absolutely required by
the demands of commerce and the interests of
the country.
Again, this bill requires that there shall be
a reduction of one half in the several grades
in the staff departments. Now, this is simply
ridiculous. In some of these grades there is
hut one officer; will you attempt to reduce it
by one half of an officer? In others there are
three ; you must of necessity reduce it either
by one third or two thirds. In others there
are five; you must reduce it by two fifths or
three fifths. The provision for the reduction
of the several grades by one half is crude,
indigested, and impracticable.
Then, sir, the bill of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs provides for the reduction of the
infantry regiments to thirty, and no reduction
in the cavalry and artillery. Now, sir, I agree
with what the gentleman from Massachusetts
has said as to the courage of the volunteer
army, as to the promptness of the people to
come to the rescue whenever there is danger
in any quarter, and I honor the State he rep-
resents in part for their wonderful promptness
in sending regiments to the national capital
in the hour of peril in 1861. .
But the House will hear in mind that while
you can improvise infantry regiments, com-
posed of men taken from civil life-, who know
how to load and fire a_ musket, you cannot
improvise artillery soldiers. And under the
present system of artillery warfare, with the
improvements made in the use of guos of
various tends, it is demonstrated that you can
sink any vessel that floats with two or three
