1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1®
is whether it is economy to out that off when
this tribe have kept feith, have been entirely
peaceful, and they have but a small annuity of
about twenty thousand dollars, which is about
twenty dollars for each Indian, and a part of
that they employ in keeping up an Indian
police and in keeping order and quiet on their
reservation. There has not svithin a number of
years, to my knowledge, been any complaint
whatever growing out of any outrages or viola-
tions of the peace by the Indians. Now, it is
a question whether it is good faith with them
to cut off the supply of an engineer.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to modify the
amendment of the Committee on Indian Affairs
by making the amount §1,200 instead of
$1,800, and by striking out the assistant.
Mr. HAliLAN. 1 will agree to that modi-
fication.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read as modified.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment, as mod-
ified, is:
For fourth of ten installments for pay of one engi-
neer, pertre&ty March 6,1865, Si,200.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is u©t
according to the treaty i "and I .suggest that the
words referring to the treaty be stricken out.
Mr. CORBETT. The estimate was for an
engineer and assistant. I propiose to strikeout
the assistant and make the appropriation for
an engineer simply.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But the amend-
ment reads, " for the fourth of ten install-
ments," according to the third article of-a
certain treaty. Now, there is no provision for
an engineer in that article of the treaty, and
therefore theamendmentis improperly worded.
It should simply appropriate >l for pay of engi-
neer, §1,200."
Mr. CORBETT. It can be modified in that
way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine to the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment as amended,
which is to insert after line bine hundred and
sixty-nine, " For pay of one engineer, $1,200."
On this question the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the vote is taken
I wish to state that the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Doolittlb,] having occasion to leave the
Senate, I agreed to pair with him on this amend-
ment. I-should voted against the amendment
if I were at liberty to do so, and he for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Corbctt, Davis, Fowler,
Harlan, Hendricks, McCreery, Norton, Osborn, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey. Rice,
Ross. Saulsbury, Thayer. Tipton, "viekers, Welch,
Whyte, Wiiley, and Williarae—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Chandler, Cole, Edmunds,
Ferry, Fcssenden, Frclitighuysen, Howe. Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Robertson,
Sawyer, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner,Trumbull,and
Warner—-18. ,
ABSENT— Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew,
Cattell, Conkling, Conness, Oragin, Dixon, Doclittle.
l>ral;o, Grimes, Harris, Henderson. Howard,Kellogg.
McDonald.Morton, Nye, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire. Spencer, Stewart, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilson,
and Yates—25.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line eleven hundred and
twenty-six, in the appropriations for the Qui-
nai-elt and Quille-hu-te Indians, I move to
strike out "$1,500" and insert "$2,500;" so
as to make the clause read;
For tenth of twenty installments for the support
of an agricultural and industrial school, and for pay
of suitable instructors, per tenth article treaty 1st
July, 1555, $2,500.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
hear what the Senator has to say on that.
Mr. HARLAN. This is for the support of
an agricultural and industrial school.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maiue. Have you the
treaty before you ? I have not been able to
find that there are any scholars io that school.
Mr. HARLAN. The tenth article of the
treaty, under which this appropriation has been
estimated, reads as follows
The United States further agree to establish at the
general agency for the district of Puget sound, within
one year from the ratification hereof, and support for
the period of twenty years, an agricultural and in-
dustrial school, and to provide the said school with a
suitable instructor or instructors, and also to .pro-
vide a smithy and carpenter's shop, and to famish
them with the necessary tools, and to employ a black-
smith, carpenter, and farmer, for the term of twenty
years, to instruct said Indians in their respective oc-
cupations. The United States further agree to em-
ploy a physician to resideat thesaid ccntral agency,
who shall furnish medicines and advice to theirsick.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is there a school
there ?
Mr. HARLAN- The department report that
there is a school there which has been kept up
for a series of years.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line eleven hundred and
thirty-five I move to Strike out "$8,000" and to
insert **$4,600;" so as to Make the clause
read:
Kor tent!: of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of a blacksmith, carpenter, and farmer, and a
physician who shall furnish medicines for.the sick,
per tenth-article treaty 1st J uly, 1855, $1,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. After line eleven hundred
and seventy-six I move to insert:
• For this amount, being the interest an 450,OOO.from
August 115, 1866, the date of the ratification of tho
treaty made with the Seminoles'March 21,1866, to
November 12,1868, thedatewhenthepayment of said
sum commenced, two years, two months, and twenty-
six days, as per third article treaty March 21,1886,
$5,597 21.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not sup-
pose there is any precedent for paying interest.
Mr. EDMUNDS. .Let us hear tlie article
of the treaty read.
Mr. HARLAN. The treaty provides:
"And in case said $50,flOOshall be insufficient to pay
all said awards, it shall be distributed pro rata to
those whose.claims are so allowed; and, until said
awards shall be thus paid, the UnitedStates agree to
pay the said Indians, in such manner and fur sueh
purposes as the Secretary of the Interior may direct,
interest at tho rate of five per cent, per annum from
the date of the ratification of this treaty."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not see hat
that rather forecloses my objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. After line eleven hundred
and eighty-three I move to insert among the
appropriations for the Senecas:
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools, iron
and steel, during the pleasure of the President as per
fourth article treaty of February 28, 1831. $1,060.
For miller during the -pleasure of the President,
$600.
Mr. MORRI-LL, of Maine. I suppose those
treaty stipulations depend upon the pleasure of
the President; that is to say, the treaty stipu-
lations are binding on the United States de-
pending on the pleasure of the President. I
ask the representative of the Committee on
Indian Affairs whether he knows what the
pleasure of the President here is?
Mr. HARLAN. He cannot otherwise than
be pleased with this appropriation, and he has
manifested no displeasure as far as I have
heard. His Secretary of the Interior has made
the estimates. I may state in addition that
these aro exceedingly poor Indians; they have
no annuities ; and they were overran by the
armies both of the United States and ot the
rebels. They live in the northeast corner of
the Indian territory, and came very near being
annihilated during the war.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 move to strike ont from
line twelve hundred and twenty-six to ljne
twelve hundred and thirty-six the following
appropriations for the Shoshones-:
Eastern bands:
For sixth of twenty installments, to be expended
under the direction of the President, in the purchase
of such articles as he may deem suitable to their
wants either as hunters or herdsmen, per fifth artiele
treaty Jul5 2, 1863, $10,000.
Northwestern bands:
For sixth of twenty installments, to be expended
under th<* direction of the President, in the purchase
of such articles as ho may doom suitable to their
wants, either as hunters or herdsmen, per fifth article
fcrMtfvJab* 2,1863, $10,000,
-And in lieu thereof to insert: •
' TPt>r this amount, or «o much tiereof as may ho
neeessary to pay for-snrveying and running the ex-
terior lines of the reservation to be get apart for the
Shoshones, as per second article treaty July 3,1868,
48,600.
For t he creation of a warehouse or steroroom for
storing goods, as per third article treaty July 3, J868,
$2,600. ' ' •
F-or asn agency building for the resident of the
agc t, ws-pw- third article treaty July 3,1§68, $2.00$.
For a residence for the physician, as per third
article treaty July 3,1868, #2,000,
For five buildings for a -carpenter, farmer, black-
smith, miner, and engineer, as per third article treaty
July 3,1868, $7,500.
For aschocrl-hottse or mission building, as perthird
arCiclc'treaty July 3.1®68,$2,500. _
For a steam-circular saw-raill with a grist-mill and
shingle-machine attached, as per third article treaty
July 3,1868,88,000.
Eor this amount, or so much thereof as may he
neeessary tosurvey the reservations or tracts of lands
selected by Indians for farming purposes, as per sixth
article treaty July 3, 1868, say two hundred tracts^.
♦2,100.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to pay. for seeds and agricultural imple-
ments to be furnished the heads of families or lodges
who desire to commence farming, say one hundred,
as por eighth article-treaty of July 3,1868, for tbefiscal
year ending June 30,1870, $10,000.
For 'this amount, or so much thereof as may be
neeessary to purchase eight hundred and forty-three
suits of clothing for males over fourteen years of age,
ol flannel, hose, calico, and domestics for eight hun-
dred and thirty-three females over the age of twelve
years, and sueh flannel and cotton goods as may be
needed to make suits for eight hundred and thirty-
four boys and girls, as per ninth article treaty July
3; 18(38, for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1S70,
$22,779 75.
For this amount, or so -much thereof as may he
neeessary for the purchase of such articles as may be
considered proper by the Secretary of the Interior,
say eighteen hundred pfcMons roaming and six hun-
dred -persons engaged lit agriculture, as per ninth
article treaty July 3,1868, for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1870, $40,000.
For pay of physician, teacher, carpenter, miller,
engineer, farmer, and blacksmith, as per tenth arti-
cle treaty July 3,1868, for fiscal year ending June 30,
1870, $6,800.
For this amount, to be expended in presents for the
ten persons who grow the most valuable erops, as per
eleventh article treaty July 3.1868, for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1870, $500.
For insurance and transportation of goods, &c.,
that may be purchased for the Shoshones and the
Bannock tribes of Indians for tho fiscal year ending
June 30,1870, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, $15,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In the last par-
agraph but one it should read the "twelfth
article" instead of the " eleventh article" of
the treaty.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The modi-
fication will be made. The question is on the
-amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not see but
that it conforms to the treaty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have instructed me to move anaraend-
men t to strike out from line twelve hundred
and forty-six, on page 51, to the end of the
page, and all on pages 52, 58, 54, 55, and down
to the appropriations for the Six Nations of
New York on page 5G, and to insert what I
■send to the Chair. I will state that these ap-
propriations that have been provided for by the
bill as it came to the Senate from the House
are under old treaties, all of which the commit-
tee believe have been abrogated by the treaty
ratified by the Senate recently, and the amend-
ment sent to the Chair is to conform the appro-
priations to the new treaty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk
will omit the reading of the portion of the bill
proposed to be stricken out, unless the reading
is called for by some Senator.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it would be as well
to omit the reading of the matter stricken out.
It is provided for under old treaties which
were abrogated by a treaty recently ratified.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
have the items in the amendment read sepa-
rately and acted upon separately.
The Chief Clerk. The first clause of the
amendment is in these words :
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to purchase seeds and agricultural imple-
ments to be furnished the heads of families or lodges,
say six hundred, who desire to commence farming,
as per eighth article treaty April 29,1868, for the fiscal
year ending June 30, loTU, $60,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It does not
