1869.
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
41%
is three cents a pound on twenty-four cents.
Is tbat an unreasonable protection to so large
an interest'? The Senator from Vermont pro-
poses to reduce that to two cents on the car-
bonates. If we reduce it on the carbonates I
would just as soon he should reduce it on the
pnlphurets at the same time. It is carbonates
that we mean to reach; it is carbonates that
trouble us, and not sulphurets. It is a pretense
of relief to pass a bill providing three cents a
pound duty, if you confine it to sulphurets.
I hope the Senate will grant this reasonable
relief to this large interest, for I assure mem-
bers of this body that it is the very least that
will keep our mines in operation. This is a
very moderate protection. While lead is pro-
tected fifty per cent, both in the ore and in
bars, while coal is protected sixty per cent.,
while iron is protected more than fifty per
cent, on an average, is it reasonable or is it
just that you should throw out this great inter-
est in which more than fifty million dollars
are invested, feeding on Lake Superior 'alone
something like twenty or thirty thousand peo-
ple? I ask, is it right to leave this great
interest with the small protection of two cents
a pound, which would amount to only about
eight per cent, on a home valuation ? We are
reasonable in our demands, and I hope the Sen-
ate will accede to these reasonable demands
and will vote down this amendment of the
Senator from Vermont.
Mr. PERRY. Mr. President, I am in favor
of the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Vermont, and 1 intend at presentto con-
fine the few remarks that I make to the sub-
ject-matter of that amendment. The amend-
ment does not particularly affect any manu-
facturing establishment in my State, but it is
simply on account of its intrinsic justice that I
advocate it; and in order to ascertain what
we ought to do in reference to an amendment
of this kind, it is desirable to ascertain what is
the comparative amount of the interests which
are here in conflict.
The Senator from Michigan informs us that
the Lake Superior copper mines, for whose
benefit alone this bill is offered here, represent
an interest of $50,000,000, and that that inter-
est is now so depressed that not more than
threefcurthsof the companies are in operation.
Now, sir, what is this Lake Superior mining
interest? It is in the procuring of the native
copper from its natural beds in the earth. It
commenced as an interest about the year 1845
with a joint stock excitement in Lake Superior
mining stocks somewhat akin to the petroleum
excitement of four or five years ago. A large
number of mining companies were formed,
joint stock companies. I have a list of them
in my hand which, I take it, will not be dis-
puted by the Senator from Michigan, the paper
being " statistics of the Lake Superior cop-
per mines, from the commencement of opera-
tions in 1845 to January 1, 18G8, including de-
tailed statements of the operations of 1867,
carefully collected and compiled by H. McKen-
zie, editor Portage Lake Mining Gazette,
Houghton, Michigan." which I believe is the
best authority for statistics of the mines of
the Lake Superior region. These joint stock
companies, if you add up their nominal capital,
represent $50,000,000 undoubtedly.
Mf. HOWARD. They are not all joint stock
compares ; they are corporations.
Mr. FERRY. Beitso. These corporations,
then, represent perhaps $50,000,000; but in
not one of them is the capital stock paid in in
full, according to the report which I hold in my
hand ; and the capital stock is only paid in in
the proportion of from one fifth to one twenty -
fifth of its nominal amount. The list before
me shows the amounts paid in ; and in corpo-
rations whose shares have a par value of
twenty five dollars I find the amount paid in
ranges from a dollar and a half to five dollars
a share. Added to this is a large nominal
value of the land ; and the total amount, in-
cluding this nominal value of the land origin-
ally put in as part ©f the paid tap capital of
these corporations, amounts to ""$1(5,500,000.
40th Cons;. 3d Sess.—No. 27.
I have been unable to ascertain how much of
this represents cash actually paid in. But, sir,
the real difficulty with the Lake Superior min-
ing companies is not the want of protection,
but it is that the stockholders in those corpo-
rations, unwilling to pay in their capital into
the enterprise, are endeavoring to derive that
capital by bounties assessed by Congress upon
the whole body of the people.
Now, sir, what interests come in conflict
with the Lake Superior mining companies ?
We have before us, adverse to this bill, the
petition of the Baltimore Copper Company,
with a capital of $1,000,000-; we have a peti-
tion of ship-builders of the United States ; we
have a petition of ship-owners of the United
States ; we have a petition of three Califor-
nia mining companies; we have the petition
of Moore & Co., of the Keystone copper mine ;
another of the copper mines of Nevada;
another of the Mineral Hill mine of Maryland ;
of the Cornwell ore bank of Pennsylvania ; of
the Bear Hill mine of Maryland, and of the
Waterbury Copper and Brass Company of Con-
necticut—interests very diversified, embracing
those engaged in the smelting of American
ores by combining them with foreign ores, in
the proportion of three of the American ores
to one of the foreign ; embracing our great
ship building interest, and also our commer-
cial interest, represented by the petition of the
shipowners. We have these other various
copper mining associations who need to use
these foreign carbonates for the purpose of
carrying on their business successfully. And,
sir, it is not a mere question whether we will
benefit these corporations, who own the Lake
Superior mining region and are unwilling to
assess themselves to pay up their capital stock
that they may have sufficient capital to con-
tinue their operations; it is not simply these
that are to be considered, but whether all these
other interests who come in here and protest
against paying bounties to the corporations
owning the mines in the Lake Superior region
shall be regarded by the Senate.
I find upon the Atlantic coast in the smelt-
ing of ores four corporations: the Baltimore
Copper Company, as 1 have said, with a capi-
tal of $1,000,000 ; the Bergen Point Smelting
Company, with a capital of 8250,000; the
Revere Company, of Boston, with a capital of
$500,000, and Crocker Brothers, at Taunton,
Massachusetts, with a capital of $500,000.
And it is substantially admitted here that the
passage of this bill, levying this tax upon
importations of the carbonate ores, will strike
down and destroy all this great interest, and
connected with this interest is also the com-
mercial interest engaged in the importation of
these ores from Chili.
The Senator from Michigan says it would
be absurd and foolish to levy a tax upon
iron ore, because it would not pay the im-
portation. Is it possible that m the produc-
tion of native copper from the bowels of the
earth in our own country capital in sufficient
amount properly invested in such an enterprise
cannot compete with those who are obliged to
import the bulky and expensive (in importa-
tion) article of ore from Chili and from Cuba?
Now, sir, as I said, I intend at present to
i confine myself entirely to the amendment prop-
I erly before the Senate at this time. The Sen-
! ator from Vermont has expressed a sentiment
j which I think ought always to actuate the
j Senate, and that is, that in dealing with our
revenue system, whether internal or tariff, the
Congress of the United States ought, above all
things, to be just. Here is this large interest
1 upon the Atlantic coast, with industry, with
; enterprise, with energy, with capital, embark-
i ingin the production of copper by the admix-
! tare of a small portion of foreign ores with a
! threefold proportion of American ores, which
it is proposed absolutely to destroy in order
that some additional profit may be made by the
mining companies of a particular region.
The Senator from Michigan tell us that this
mining interest is struck down; that three
fourths of these companies are n©t in employ-
ment. Why, sir, three fourths of these com-
panies have not been actively engaged in rain-
ing copper for fifteen years. The Senator eah
take the list; and if he will look over the list
which 1 hold in my hand, the correctness of
which 1 think he will acknowledge, he will find
the fact to be so. The fever, the excitement
as to the copper joint stock or corporate organ-
izations in 1845 soon died out, but the com-
panies were left. Pass this bill and you will
double the value of the shares temporarily,
and enable the speculators in Boston and New
York to dispose of them at a profit.
But, sir, is it really so that this interest is
struck down? Let us see. I hold in my hand,
in the statistics to which I have already re-
ferred, an account of the product of the Lake
Superior copper mines from 1845 to 1868 ; and
straight on thai production has been steadily
increasing and is increasing still. The years
1845 to 1854 are given in the aggregate, and
also 1855 to 1857, and after that the product is
stated annually. Here it is :
_ Tom, Pnunih.
From 1845 to 1854  7.6J2
From 1855 to 1857 11,312
In 1858  3,500
In 1853  4,200
In 1860  6,0'fl
III 1861  7.400
In 1862  9,062
In 1863  ;  8,548
In 1864   8.472
In 1865  10,790 1,156
1 n 1366  10.375 1,688
In 1867  11,735 552
The last year there was produced a larger
amount than in any preceding year. I also had
here, but cannot lay my hand on it at this mo-
ment, a statement of the production for each
month for the year 1868 up to and including
the month of July; and the production of each
month was more than that of the month pre-
ceding. How am I to reconcile these statis-
tics from the most authoritative journal in this
mining region—statistics showing a steady in-
crease in the production of copper from these
mines—with the statement which is made herfe
that they are absolutely pfostrate, that thou-
sands of laborers are not employed, and so on?
The two seem to me entirely irreconcilable.
If the Senate will take a list of these mining
corporations and select those which have had
the largest amount of their capital paid in to
work on he will find that those who have as-
sessed themselves and obtained the capital to
work on have declared remunerative dividends:
but the great mass of them, like the hundreds
of petroleum companies of 1864 and 1865, of
course, have sunk into non-existence.
The simple question arising for the consider-
ation of the Senate upon the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont is whether while
you ai-e protecting the interests of the Lake
Superior mining companies you will also pro-
tect the smelting companies of the Atlantic
coast from absolute destruction. The mining
companies of Lake Superior, if they will assess
their corporators and compel them to pay in
the capital which they pledged themselves to
pay when they subscribed for their stock, will
have a working capital on which I have no
doubt they can operate successfully. The
mining companies, by the report which I hold
in my hand, have been steadily increasing in
their product np to the present hour—a cer-
tainly sure indication of prosperity; and they
are not going to be destroyed by not giving the.
fall length of protection which the Senator
from Michigan asks. Some protection the
amendment of the Senatorfrom Vermont gives
them: but the fault which is found with the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont is
that-it does not destroy the vast interests upon
the Atlantic coast, and that object the Lake
Superior interest seeks to accomplish. I hope
the Senate will vote for the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, ! hold
in my hand a table of the production of copper
from 18-15 down to the present hour. The
Senator says that the capital of these compa-
nies haa not all been paid hi. That is
These companies started uniting" ss
