194
APPEHpiS TO, THE f'CONQ-BESSiONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
Senate.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Fowler.
40th Cong. .. .3d Sess,
well-directed shots. So that in case of war
with any foreign nation our defense will depend
mainly upon such obstruction in the channel
as will compel vessels of war to go into the
harbors adjacent to our cities, so as to come
within the range of the guns of our forts, ami
then with skillful, educated, and efficient artil-
lery any vessel that is or can be built can be
destroyed before it reaches any of our cities
on our coast. I think to reduce the artillery
when it is known that the artillery service
cannot be improvised, to make skillful artil-
lery soldiers you must have passed months
and years in drilling, training, and study, so
that the science of gunnery and the knowledge
of the different kinds of monitions may be
thoroughly understood, would at this time be
disastrous. And while there is continued dis-
turbance on the borders, and continued prob-
ability of war with the Indians, there will be,
as stated by all the general officers in the
recent examination made before the Military
Committee, an absolute necessity for every
cavalry soldier now in the service.
Now, sir, one word with reference to the
main question at issue, the principal bone of
contention as between the proposition of the
gentleman from Massachusetts and that of the
Military Committee, namely, the disposition to
be made of the supernumerary officers by the
proposed reduction of the number of regiments.
1 wish to call attention for a moment to the
plan proposed by the bill of the gentleman
from Massachusetts. It provides for the as-
sembling of a board of examiners. This board
is to consistof three general officers, three offi-
cers of infantry, two cavalry officers, two of
artillery, one officer of the Adjutant General's
department, one officer of the engineer de-
partment, one officer of the ordnance depart-
ment, oneofficerof the quartermaster's depart-
ment, one officer of the subsistence department,
and one officer of the pay department, and one
ut' I lie medical department, making in all six-
teen officers. It then provides that it shall be
the duty of this board—
"To inquire into and consider the capacity, char-
acter, record of services, and fitness to be co'ntinued
in the military service of every officer below the grade
of general who may bo in the Army at the time of the
passage of this act. And the council shall for this
purpose he furnished with all information, papers,
documents, records, n,nd evidence they may require
from the War Department; and the council shall
furnish a report ut their conclusions to the Secretary
of War."
And after that personal examination into the
character, services, records, and history of two
thousand eight liuudred olficers, each officer
who receives a two-thirds vote of this coun-
cil of sixteen officers is to be placed on the
list of officers that are to be retained in the
service of the United States, and those officers
who have not received that vote are to be allowed
to come before this council of officers with re-
butting testimony, and then the council are to
summon witnesses and examine them : and
after all that is done the consolidation is to
commence.
Now, sirI submit that such a council of
officers as is here provided for will consume
one whole year in the preliminary examination,
and that not less than fiveyearswil! be consumed
in hearing and determining the cases of officers
called before the council for personal examin-
ation. So that the gentleman's boasted re-
duction of the Army, so far as the official force
is concerned, will be no reduction at all.
The measure, if it becomes a law, will simply
result in embarrassing the Administration,
breaking up the present Army organization,
and rendering it inefficientand worthless, with-
out any corresponding reduction iu the ex-
penses of the people. Who ever heard of an
army organization being summarily cut in two
and orie half thrown out with no regard being
paid to the symmetry or efficiency of the organ
ization ? i his would be an achievement cer-
tainly brilliant and original, unique and unap-
proachable. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] has won many distinctions,
some of them, at least,, enviable,, but this
would be a triumph absurd and ridiculous,
unequaled by anything within my remembrance
on the subject of army legislation^ I hope
this House will not adopt tlie substitute. If
time is to be given to perfect a measure in
detail on this subject the bill of the commit-
tee, with such amendments as may be made in
Committee of the Whole, is infinitely better
than the substitute.
I desire, in conclusion, to restate the opinion
I expressed when this subject was permitted to
be. introduced, that no detailed measure for the
reduction of the Army can become a law this
session ; and in that case I shall favor the adop-
tion of the brief proposition of the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge.]
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. J. S. FOWLER,
OF TENNESSEE,
In* the Senate of the United States,
February 8, 1869.
The Senate having under consideration tho joint
resolution (ii. R. No. 402) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States—
Mr. FOWLER said:
Mr, President : The Senate Judiciary Com-
mittee have reported the following form of an
amendment to the Constitution of tho United
States :
The light of the citizcn of tho United States to
vote and hold oflice shall not be denied or abridged
by tho United States or by any State on account of
raeo, color, or previous condition of servitude.
It has been alleged that this is the consum-
mation of the reforms inaugurated by the rebel-
lion, and is to be the crowning glory of that
grand event; that freedom will thus be estab-
lished throughout the whole land. If this or
any other measure would produce so desirable
a reform it should meet the generous approval
of all.
It may become a grave question whether this
amendment and the manner in which it is to
be made will produce any such a desirable
result. When reformations come from the indi-
vidual through the neighborhood and the State
to the General Government they are likely to
become salutary and permanent. If on the
contrary they begin with the Government and
are extended by the authority of the nation
over the individuals it becomes a question, and
a very important one, whether the measure
should meet the approval of the country.
Our institutions are based on the virtue, in-
telligence, and will of the people. The Gov
eminent is but the expression of the popular
will, which is the concurrence of a majority of
the individuals speaking through the forms of
law prescribed by them. The action of Con-
gress is the termination of the process, not the
beginning. It is always hazardous to reverse
the method.
The report from the committee seeks to alter
the fundamental law in a material form, and
that without expressing any positive principle.
The Constitution has heretofore served so ad-
mirably the object for which our fathers made
it, without any very evident reason for its
change, that the propriety of any alteration
might well be questioned. If an amendment
should be deemed by the people necessary it
should be some well defined positive principle.
The present form is only privative. It seeks
to place restraints upon the States. It rests
upon no basis of its own. It is founded in no
assertion of principle. Several amendments
have been offered much superior to the one
urged so persistently on the Senate. The
amendment I have had the honor to offer is in
m.Y judgment not liable to this objection. It is
the clear,positiveannouncementofaprinciple.
I shalL claim tho attention of the Senate to this
hereafter.
Considering the great liberty of our people,
the elasticity of our institutions, it is far from
safe to place all that may be desired in an in-
flexible constitutional amendment. It is diffi-
cult to alter or repeal such a law. It demands
two thirds of Congress and the concurrence of
three fourths of the States to alter or amend.
This is difficult to obtain, indeed can rarely be
done. When it comes to act heavily upon the
people there will be a tendency to revolution ;
and all such laws must act harshly upon society
if'not made in strict harmony with the genius
and spirit of the people. It might seem that
it must always be in strict harmony with the
people when it requires so large a majority of
Congress and the States to adopt it. This
would always be the case if the measure were
first referred to the people and the members
of Congress and the State Legislatures were
elected on such an issue. If, however, reforms
are introduced into Congress and then into the
Legislatures on issues not involved in the can-
vass when these bodies were elected, majorities
may readily be obtained that do not express
the popular will.
It is a question of grave consideration
whether there is any demand for an alteration
of the Constitution. If under that instrument,
all the rights of the individual can be secured
and protected without such an amendment it
might be just as well to leave the framework of
the Government where our fathers left it. li t he
measure is clearly the will of the people it will
at once pass into State constitutions and meet
the approval of the popular voice, which is
much more likely to secure the certain and
harmonious operation of the principle among
the people. It is not in the nature of human
society to advance the popular operation of
institutions out of harmony with the voice of
the people. When the public mind has arrived
at a certain condition of advancement, when
it has come to the recognition of its own worth,
it at once becomes the law of society, and iro
effort of any part of the body can alter or
destroy the practical fulfillment of that law;
nor can it return so long as the people retain
their integrity and love of liberty. 'There is
no reversing a principle that bas become one
of the unwritten laws of the social constitution.
The substitution of an individual or a party
dictum for a divine truth does not make it so
nor does it insure for any great time the suc-
cessful operation of the desired rule. Human
pride and egotism very frequently declare
mere convictions arising out of selfishness as
the law of God. The advocates of good meas-
ures and genuine reforms are not often the
seers who foresaw their good p.nd success and
set in motion the slumbering element of life.
They are more frequently the mere slaves of
party, valuable it maybe, believing themselves
the ministers of heaven, but still the dull pack-
horses of a blind self-adulation and love of
power and gain.
The powers confided to the General Govern-
ment have thus far proved adequate for all
purposes of peace and war. Our population
has steadily increased from three to thirty-live
million men. From thirteen sparsely scattered
colonies on the shores of the Atlantic, they
have poured like a resistless torrent over the
Alleghanies, across the great valley of the Mis-
sissippi, and filled it from the lakes to the Gulf.
Where, but a lew years ago, roamed the wild
buffalo and his still wilder master and com-
panion, the Indian ; where 110 civilized voice
had ever cheered the uadisturbed solitude of
nature, now floutish cities far more opulent,
and possessing a commerce far greater than
Tyre or Carthage or Damascus Nor is this
all; this living flood has crossed the sterile
barriers of the llocky mountains, and settled
011 the distant shores of the great Pacific ocean.
There, on sands richer than those of the fabled
Pactolus, majestic cities are stretching their
broad wings across the shoieless ocean and
commanding the commerce of the oldest empire
