1869.]
APPENDIX .TO ifHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Fowler.
Senate.
on the globe. The wealth of India begins now
to pour its treasures into the channels of
American enterprise. Oar territory has spread
wider and wider as the resistless tide of popu-
lation has pressed forward. By the acquisition
of Louisiana, Florida, Texas, New Mexico,
Arizona, and California, and finally Russian
America, vast empires of territory far surpass-
ing its original limits have been added to the
Republic. The Constitution has carried us
through three wars, the last war with England,
the war with Mexico, and the great rebellion.
The last has been without exaggeration the
most sublime exhibition of human passion and
ferocity the world has ever recorded in its
blood-stained annals.
With our progress in population and territory
our attainments in the useful arts have kept
pace; no other people have made so many and
so useful discoveries. Education has been ex-
tended and impressed upon the whole land as
a part of the nation's life and function. Manu-
factures have risen as intelligence has advanced
and commerce has,been the necessary result of
our progress and luxuriant soil.
As the nation has advanced in all the mate-
rial elements the personal liberty of the citizen
has been equally extended. Slavery has ceased,
and the former slave freed from his shackles
has become a citizen, and a full and complete
one. clothed with all the privileges of the most
favored classes. The people who were once
the owners and masters of the African races
now acquiesce in the decision of the war.
In all the former slave States that seceded
from the Union suffrage of the negro is secured.
In Missouri, Kentucky, Delaware, and Mary-
land only of the slave States he has not been
enfranchised. There is a general conviction
of its propriety and correctness among the
people. No more can he become a slave.
Never again could he be deprived of his right
to the ballot. This is the decision of the pop-
ular mind, and is far stronger than a constitu-
tional amendment.
There are other and graver considerations
that induce me to hesitate in making a partial
and inadequate amendment to the Constitu-
tion. The genius of the people, as expressed
through the framework of our Government,
should not be rudely assailed in times of un-
usual excitement and party centralization. The
tendency of all strong parties that have been
long in power is to derive their power from
one source. They readily look to a center,
move from it, and conform their action to one
will. No party can in its nature avert such a
result. Material considerations far outweigh
all mere moral and intellectual forces in the
control of a large and triumphant political
party. In the formation of such organizations,
where they are without power and contending
for a principle, it requires the inspiration of
moral and intellectual forces to produce the
desired result. The end attained, and human
nature triumphs over the still small voice of
conscience and the reign of right. Power in
the hands of a great party is far more danger-
ous than in the hands of one man, whom the
force of responsibility tends constantly to check
in its improper exercise. On the contrary,
there is no sense of responsibility among the
many. The rash and strong-willed communi-
cate their force to those who readily conform
in all such organizations and thus the power
of !he leader accumulates as it extends to the
mass. Personal individuality is lost in the
mass, which soon learns, as an army, to obey
one will when the power of the organization is
complete. This is the end of civil liberty,
unless the barriers of the Government can in-
terpose for the protection of the minority and
the preservation of the individual. It seldom
happens that the feeble restraints of institu-
tions can avert the force of such an organiza-
tion if there is any tendency to revolutionize,
alter, or amend them in the interest of those
wielding the power. To the love of powei and
place in the leader is/added the love of party
organization in the follower, who, if tardy in
hismovements or obstinate in his will, is lashed
into conformity _ by the whip of his fealty to
his faith by political and social ostracism, by
partiality, injusticej and tyranny.
There is no protection against the voracious
maw of this monstrous power but a firm reli-
ance upon the principles of the Government.
If these safeguards are broken down in the
interest of the ruling power, anarchy, war. and
despotism—organized despotism—will inevit-
ably succeed the overthrow of our liberties.
Monarchical Governments may and do modify
their forms and become republican and demo-
cratic, but democratic Governments fall inevit-
ably into the hands of factious parties, and
finally into the power of a despot. When a
party becomes the governing authority, instead
of the constitution and laws of a State, the
liberties of the citizen have already been over-
thrown, for the action of the party is the will
of a few, if not one. The Federal Govern-
ment has been organized to guard against the
force of parly organizations. Our fathers did
not fear the direct action of an individual but
his indirect and greater power exerted through
the multitude. They divided the Government
into many departments and built up many pil-
lars and counteracting agencies. The waves
of the ocean have to roll over shoals and break-
waters before they can enter the tranquil bay ;
so the impulses of the party have to pass over
many barriers before they are divested of their
destructive power and made a part of the
peaceful and just laws of the State. In its
organic structure it is not a union of the peo-
ple alone nor of the States alone. It is a
union of the States as States and also of the
people and the whole people. The States are
united in the nature of a confederacy and the
whole people in the nature of a nationality.
The nation as based on the solidarity of the peo-
ple is limited to powers necessary to maintain
the rights and relations of the people to for-
eign nationalities. It can act directly on the
people within the sphere of its granted powers,
without the action of the States, for national
and specified purposes. There are two other
classes of powers it may not touch. The pow-
ers granted to the States by the people and the
powers still retained by the people are beyond
the reach of the powers of the Fedeial Gov-
ernment. These, by far the largest class of
powers, are reserved as chucks upon the na-
tional power and as guardians of the rights of
the individual and society.
The powers of the nation are in their nature
centralized and consolidated. These have a
tendency to draw to them a constant accumu-
lation, and if such tendency were not counter-
acted by opposite forces would soon terminate
in one central despotism. It is the centripetal
force, and to preserve the system must be bal-
anced by an equal and self-adjusting centrifu-
gal force. That force has been provided in
the independent and equal States which enter
into the system. The reserved rights and jeal-
ous watchfulness of the people under the delib-
erate exercise of their judgment will regulate
the action of these two forces in our system.
There can be no union without these two coun-
teracting forces haimonize and balance each
other. A union must be composed of indi-
viduals acting from a voluntary assent to one
general principle. That assent is obtained
lro:n a mutual perception of its general good
in order to produce harmonious action. The
consent of the individual must be obtained
not by force but by reason. It must not be
anticipated or presupposed, enacted into law j
and then enforced. This would be the appli j
cation of the sponge to our boasted t-vsiem. j
If one section moves faster than another it
cannot impose its imagined excellence on the
other. The national system and its several
distinct, equal, and independent parts make
up one great harmonious system, the Amer-
ican nation. The Constitution, of tie United
States and the laws are a part of the constitu-
tion and .laws of the several States; and re-
ciprocally the constitution and laws of the
Slates are part of the Constitution and laws of
the United States. These all make up our
national unity. It is of all Governments the
most complex in its nature and demands the
greatest amount of intelligence and the high-
est civilization for its preservation.
There is in our Government the absence of
all sovereignty. That term has no place in
our system, which rests on authority conferred
by the people and States in the character of a,
power of attorney to an agent. Ours is but a
system of agencies, with well-defined arid dis-
tinctly limited authorities. Great confusion will
result, from attributing to the Government so
imposing a name as sovereignty and then dedu-
cing from it powers which such a term carries
with it in other and despotic States. We should,
therefore, spurn this error of the feudal times so
carefully rejected by our fathers. This is of
far more importance than we may at first sup-
pose. The great power, moral and physical,
augmented by the pride, vanity, and natural
spirit of domination of the officers of the Gov-
ernment, is of itself centralizing and dangerous.
When you attempt to hedge this around with
such an imposing divinity as that of sover-
eignty the religious feelings of the people are
entwined around it without reference to liberty
or justice. The sovereignty and divinity of
the individual is lost amid the glory of a nation.
When the sanctity and worth of a human spirit,
walking in rags and racked by poverty and
toil, are placed in the scale with the grandeur
of a nation's power, liberty and right are infi-
nitely small. The glory of our Government
does not reside in its power, its gorgeous Capi-
tol, its vast extent of territory, its Army, its
Navy, its merchant princes, but in Ihe sanctity
and the inviolability of the individual. While
the citizen is powerful and the Government
subjpeted to his rights, interests, and voice,
liberty is safe. When the Government becomes
more saered than the man, freedom has ceased
to regulate its action or dwell in its borders.
A splendid Government with sovereign powers
has attracted the adoration of men in other
lands and in all ages, but a Government in
which the rights, worth, and dignity of the
citizen have been worshiped, has been but half
developed in the history of human society. If
this should fail the boasted progress of hu-
manity is but a name, and all the sacrifices in
behalf of our institutions but the blood-stained
footprints of the murderers of men. May vir-
tue and love of humanity avert so terrible a
fate to the sacrifices of our illustrious ancestors
and contemporaries. Let their glorious deeds
be embalmed forever in the hearts of men ever
becoming more sensitive to the love of human
rights and dignity.
The altars at which we sacrifice are not those
of power. That is but a Juggernaut that has
rolled over humanity for centuries, crushing
out life and hope for ages. The free American
bows to none but God, his creator and preserver.
He knows nothing else higher than man. The
humblest infant that breathes is above all Gov-
ernments and all officers, be they Presidents
or emperors.
It is the adoration of power that marks the
institutions of the Fast. The purest of all
those forms is that of China. There there is
but one free being, the emperor, the represent-
ative of the divine, the infinite, and immutable.
The people are all equals because all slaves.
Under its organization the individual is ab-
sorbed in the universal. There dull monotony
loves to linger. There the civilization, arts,
manufactures, and agriculture, although carried
to a high degree of perfection, have remained
unchanged forages. As the sun of intelligence
arose in more western horizons the human mind
grad ually became conscious of its character and
the spirit became emancipated from the thral-
