i88a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
many of the companies will be driven to abso-
lute bankruptcy.
Sir, it is a great interest, speaking in the
national sense. It is not confined merely to the
limits of the upper peninsulaor to the bounda-
ries of the State of Michigan, but it is coex-
tensive with the United States. Wherever
copper is used this interest has a certain in-
fluence, and is to a certain degree felt.
There appears to be but one very potent
opposition in the way of the passage of
this bill, and that consists of the Baltimore
smelting works. I suppose that is a corpora-
tion. Its business is smelting copper. It has
invested, as I understand from credible sourccs,
not more than one and a half million dollars.
The real question before us is, as I understand
it, whether the paltry interest of tlie Baltimore
Copper Smelting Company is to prevent the
passage of an act the benefits of which are to
be coextensive with the United States, and par-
ticularly beneficial to those persons who are
interested in the Lake Superior copper mines.
Shall an interest of §1,500,000 invested in
smelting counterbalance and overcome before
this body an interest amounting to more than
sixty million dollars all told? That is simply
the question. I take it that that will not be
the opinion of the Senate. I hope not.
What particular claim, I ask of the gentle-
man from Maryland, have the Baltimore smelt-
ing company to oppose the passage ot this
great, necessary, aua national measure ; for it
is such in all its aspects? At the breaking out
of the war, as I have been told, that company,
from some motive or other, I will not under-
take to say what, saw fit to ship to Europe and
to deposit in England and in Germany some
three million pounds of their copper. In 1863
they saw fit, on the invitation of some Gov-
ernment agents, to reship home about one
half of the quantity which they had carried
abroad. Now, sir, I do not say this reproach-
fully toward that company. There may have
been a motive which 1 do not understand, and
which I have not thus far perceived; but it
appeared to me, when I was told this, that
they were not acting fully and completely in
the spirit of a self-sacrificing patriotism in that
the great crisis of the country.
The honorable Senator from Maryland will
have it that it is necessary to intermingle the
carbonate ores which are produced in Chili
and other foreign countries, chiefly in Chili,
with the sulphuretores of this country in order
to make a good article of copper; or, I should
state it otherwise, that it is very difficult and
very expensive to smelt the sulphurets of the
United States without the intermixture of for-
eign carbonates. Now I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate for a moment to a paper
which Senators will find lying on their tables
on that particular subject. It is a "letter of
Mr. Alexander Trippel, chemist and metal-
lurgist, a member ot the Board of Experts of
the American Bureau of Mines, addressed to
the secretary of the Quincy Mining Company.
Tins is the letter:
New York, January 9,18b9.
Dear Sir: Your letter of theTth is received. You
ask me if there is any truth in the assertion that
"American sulphuret copper orescannot be reduced
withoutthe admixtureot acertain amount of toreign
carbon.ite ores," and whether the reduction of such
sulphuretores causes metallurgical difficulties with-
out the admixture ot' carbonates; and further, it it
makes any material technical ditterence what kind
ot fuel is used lor roasting and smelting, or if char-
coal possesses any power m the reduction ot these
sulphurets which good mineral coal has not?
In reply to these questions I -will say, first, that
thero is not the least good reason for the assertion
that "American sulphurets cannot be treated with-
out foreign carbonates." In all probability, tneper-
son making such assertion has been misinformed, or,
rather, he committed an error by perverting the in-
formation received, as he undoubtedly wanted to
convey the idea rhatcarbonntes could not bo treated
to advantage without sulphurets. This latter ver-
sion would have been substantially correct, and
be considered so by every practical metallurgist 01
""in order to substantiate the correctness of what I
sav I reler here to the well known diihculties en-
countered m Russia, and everywhere else where
carbonates have to bo reduced without sulphurets .
and further, to the frequent want of sulphurets at
various periods in our Atlaetiesmelting works-, when
sulphurets were eagerly sought for and compara-
tively better paid than carbons}tes,
I would alao call your attention to the successful
treatment of the Duels town (Tennessee) copper ores,
all sulphurets, wiiero m four successive operations
the ore is converted into the finest quality of ingot
copper, while I had occasion to count not less than ]
eight operations in the'-Baltimore smelting works
for the same purpose, and with mixed ores, sul-
phurets and carbonates: which proves beyond all
doubt that the mixture of carbonates and sulphurets
did not produce the slightest advantage, unless the
manipulations in these works have been irrational
and improper. To be short, it is the first time that
1 ever heard such an assertion. Admitting that
carbonates arc useful for mixing under certain cir-
cumstances, I deny that sulphurets could not be
treated separately, and say so from a long practical
experience in this business.
The answer to your second question is partly
given above. There are no practical difficulties to
treat sulphurets alone; nothing is easier than to
expel the sulphur sufficiently by roasting the oro
and to form oxides in such proportions as to give
very satislactory results.
Uniortunately, some of our Atlantic sinelhng-
works do not give enough attention to a proper
roasting, and thereby prolong the process; but the
want of proper skill and foiesight should not bo
the excuse for an erroneous opinion.
To your third question, whether charcoal has any
special power, or exercises any other influence on
either class of ores than mineral coal, I can only
reply that the whole difference between charcoal
and mineral coal lies in their respective pyromctic
effects, which affects the economy of the smelling
manipulations, and nothing else. ,
If the Duektown Smelting Works had mineral
coal instead of charcoal their success would be
more complete yet, and I know that the railway
which will connoct the mineswifch mineral coal beds
is considered one ot the greatest questions for the
prosperity of the copper interest of East Tennessee.
This, 1 believe, covers the infoimatiun you desire
to have. If I did not intend to be brief, I woulrl,
with more detailed arguments, certainly convince
you of the errors into which your informant has
fallen. m
Let mo have the fine sulphuret ores of Tennessee,
North Carolina, Virginia, or Vermont, and I de-
mand nothing better to produce the best quality of
ingot coppcr, with either charcoal or mineral eoal,
at reasonable cost.
Respectfully, jours, ALEX. TRIPPEL,
Cheunitt. and Me tally, i ind.
William IIaet Smith, esq..
Secretary Quincy Aiming Company.
There is abundance o( testimony to the same
effect, the statements of skillful experts who
have had great and long experience in the
treatment of copper ores and in smelting them ;
and the pretense that is now set up for the
purpose of defeating the passage of this bill,
that the carbonates of Chili are necessary to
the smelting of copper, is but a mere pretense.
The testimony is all the other way.
Now, Mr. President, 1 will not dispute the
statement of fact which is so earnestly and
emphatically made here and insisted upon by
the honorable Senator from Maryland, that in
order to make a good quality of copper it is
necessary that the Baltimore article should be
mixed with the Michigan article; that the
Michigan article is entirely too soft for usefnl
purposes; too soft to be relied upon. I will
not controvert that proposition; but I must
say that, although somewhat acquainted with
the copper trade and copper business for the
last fifteen years, this is the first time I ever
heard of it. I never before understood that in
order to render the Michigan copper useful for
manufacturing purposes or anything else it
was necessary to mix the Baltimore product
with that of the upper peninsula of Michigan;
and I fancy that the honorable Senator on
further investigation may discover that that
statement is to be taken with many grains of
allowance, if not to be entirely discarded.
After all, sir, the rivalries growing out of
this bill or connected with this bill consist of
the mines of Lake Superior on the one side,
constituting a population of about twenty thou-
sand, the large mass of whom are engaged in
the business of mining, whose income, whose
living, whose ver^ bread depends upon the
success of the mining enterprises up theie, an
enterprise in which a very large amount of
monev has been invested honestly and fairly,
an amount which is by no means contemptible,
an amount which deserves the attention ol
every patriotic statesman in the land ; and on
the other hand, gentlemen in Baltimore and
elsewhere who are engaged in smelting, whose-,
capital is scarcely to be talked of in the same-
day with the capital- invested in oar State in
milling. _ ■
Sir, we appeal to the Senate to giv,e tiff a
reasonable measure of protection, _We>ean-_
not say that we are satisfied as citizens of-
Michigan while our copper has no protection
at all comparatively, and the iron of Pennsyl-
vania is protected to the tune of fifty per cent.,
and the lead of Iowa and the Mississippi is also-
protected almost to the same degree. We ar.&
not satisfied with this, sir. It' iron and lead-
are thus to be protected to the extent to which
these several articles receive protection at the
present time we are not content that our inter-'
ests should be totally neglected and treated
even with contumely and contempt by certain
gentlemen in this Chamber. We ask simplyfor
equal justice ; no, sir, not even equal justice ;
we ask for enough protection to make it cer-
tain that the capitalists and the laborers whose
money and whose labor is so intimately con-
nected with the copper mining interests of
Lake Superior shall receive a proper degree
of regard at the hands of the Senate.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Whyte] to the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Moiirim,.] -
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont: I submit that
that amendment is not germane to the amend-
ment, which I offered. If it comes in as an
amendment to my amendment I raise that
question upon it. It would come in more prop-
erly at the end of the bill as a proviso.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 would suggest to the Sena-
tor from Maryland that he reserve his amend-
ment, and move it at th-e end of the bill wh^n
it will be in order.
Mr. WHYTE. I offered the amendment for
the purpose of submitting the remarks which I
made in regard to carbonates. It struck me
that after the adoption of the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont it would not be appro-
priate to make those remarks. I have no ob-
jection, therefore, to withdrawing my amend-
ment now temporarily. I intend to offer it
afterward as a proviso at the end of the bill.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment being withdrawn, the
question now is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont,, [Mr. Moriiiix.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
that read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I submit that
the first and second amendments sent to the
Chair should be read, and the question taken
on both together. The first amendment retains
the duty upon copper ores as presented by the
original bill at three cents a pound where they
contain sulphur ; and the second reduces the
duty upon carbonates one cent a pound. It
takes two amendments to reach that object;
and therefore both amendments should be
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
two propositions will be treated as one amend-
ment. The Senator from Vermont proposes
to amend the bill by inserting in line nine,
after the word " ores" the words " containing
sulphur," and after the word "therein" inline
ten inserting "and on all copper imported in
the form of ores, not containing sulphur, two
cents on each pound of fine copper contained
therein;" so as to make that part of the bill
read :
On all copper imported in the form of ores, con-
taining sulphur, thiee cents oil each pound ot line
copper contained therein; and on all copper im-
ported in the form of ores, not containing sulphur,
two cents on each pound of fine copper contained
therein.
Mr. CHANDLER. T hope that amendment
will not, prevail; it will defeat the bill. I ask
for the yeas and nays 011 it.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish the Senator from
Vermont and the Senator from Michigan would
