1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS
tory by the peace commission, including those
who have been at war with the United States,
the Kiowas, Oomanches, and other hostile
bands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
know of the chairman whether this ig to sub-
sist the Indians and keep them together until
they are gathered on the southern reservation?
Mr. EARL AN. Yes, sir..
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, Are there any
treaty stipulations with these Indians?
Mr. HARLAN. There are treaty stipula-
tions for furnishing them with clothing, but
nothing for subsistence. This amount, it will
be observed, refers- to subsistence only.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the next item in the
amendment, as follows:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
ncccssary, for furnishing subsistence for the Kiowas,
Comanches, Arapahoes, Apaches, and confederated
bands, at or near Fort Cobb, and south of the Sfatd
of Kansas, from ISoveuiber 15,1868, to June 30.1869,
9120,300.
Mr. MORRILLrof Maine. That is for the
same Indians ?
Mr. HARLAN. But this is for another
purpose. ■ •
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not quite
understand it.
Mr. HARLAN. The last item, is to carry it
up to the end of the present fiscal year. The
appropriation of $400,000 is for the next fiscal
year beginning on thelst day of July.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But it is for the
same Indians, I observe.
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir. I have here a
report from General Hazen,who has had these
Indians in charge, in which he gives in detail
the amount that wjll be needed up to the end
of the year and the amount of money on hand.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the next item, as fol-
lows :
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay unpaid vouchers audited and allowed by the
Indian peace commission, $22,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the next item, as fol-
lows:
For this amount, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, for provisions
and clothing and other useful articles for the Sisse-
ton and Wahpeton Sioux Indians at Lake Traverse
and Devil's Lake, Dakota Territory, 840,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the next item, as fol-
lows :
For this amount, to be reimbursed ffom the pro-
ceeds .of their lands in Kansas, for subsistence for
the Great and Little Osage Indians, $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. The committee have in-
structed me to offer the following amendment,
to come in at the end of-the-first section:
Sioux of Dakota, Blackfeet band:
For this amount, to supply a deficiency in tlie
appropriation for tbesecond of twenty installments,
to be paid in such articles as the Secretary of the
Interior in:iy direct, for the fiscal year ending June
30,1808, $~,S20 85.
Minneconjoux band: , ...
For this amount to supply ft deficiency in the
appropriation for the second of twenty installments,
to be paid in sucli articles as the Secretary of the
Interior may direct, for the fiscal year ending June
30, ItrtjS, -SI,402 89.
Lower Brule band: ...
For this amount to supply a deficiency m the
appropriation for the second of twenty installments,
to be paid in such articles as the Secretary of the
Interior may direct, for the hscal year ending June
ao, ISiiS, $3,246 47.
Two Kettles band: . .
For this amount to supply a deficiency in the
appropriation for the second of twenty installments,
to be paid in such articles as the Secretary or the
Interior may direct, for the fiscal year ending Jane
:J0. IffiS. SGoi 40.
Oncpapaband: , .
For this amount to supply a deficiency in the
ap pi epi lation for the second of twenty installments,
to be paid in such articles as the Secretary of the
Interior mavdireot, for the fiscal yoar ending Jmie
30, 81.
Sans Arcs band: , .
For this amount to supply a deficiency ill the
appropriation for the second of twonty installments,
to be paid in such artioles as the Secretary of the
Interior may direct, for the fiscal year ending Jane
30, J 888, $3,7(56 51.
Tanetoonais band:   -•
For this amount to supply a deficiency in the
appropriation for the second of twenty installments,
to be paid in such articles as the Secretary of the
Intciior may direct, for the fiscal year ending June
30,1868, $3,861 36.
Upper Tanetonais band:
For this amount to supply a deficiency in the
appropriation for the second of twenty installments,
to be paid in such articles as the Secretary of the
Interior may direct, for the fiscal year ending June
30,1868, $2,73 28.
OgaUalla:band: . ^
For, this amount to supply a deficiency in the
appropriation for the 'second of twenty installments;
to fee-paid in such articles as the Secretary of the
Interior may direct, for the fiscal year .ending June
30,1868, $5,110 96.
For this amount to supply a deficiency in the
appropriation for expenses of transporting and de-
livering articles furnishedfor the nine bands  f Sicmx
aforesaid, for the fiscal year ending June 30,1868,
$11,625 58. . , '
Arickarces, G-ros Ventres, and Sfandans: _
For this amount -to Mipj'l.v "a deficiency in the"
appropriation forfirst ef payment*, to be mad e dur-
ing the pleasure of Congress, to be expended for such
useful, goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President from time to time may determine. &e., for
the fiscal year ending June 30,1868, $20,114 70,
Crows:
For this amount to supply a deficiency in the
appropriation for the first of payments, to be made
during the pleasure of Congress, to be expended for
such useful goods, provisions, and other articles as
the President from time to time may determine, &c.,
for the fiscal- year ending June 30,1868, 021,822 64.
Yancton tribe of Sioux :
For this amount to supply a deficiency in the
appropriation for the ninth of ten installments, to be
paid to them or,expended- for their benefit, com-
mencing with tne year in which they shall remove
to and settle and reside upon their reservation, for
the fiscal year ending June 30,1868, $17,929 99.
Poncas:
For this amount to pay for subsistence furnished to
the Ponca Indians, by direction of the Indian Peace
commission, under a contract made with J. W.
Bosler, 811,900 26; total, $113,571 08.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I am instructed by the com-
mittee to offer the following amendment, to
follow the amendment just adopted:
For expenses incurred by M. Wilkinson, United
States agent for Arickarees, Gros Ventres, and Man-
dan Indians, under instructions from the Indian
peace commission to make said Indians as far as pos-
sible self-sustaining, $28,276 47.
For this amount to supply a deficiency m the ap-
propriation for pay of commissioners to be appointed
by the President, as per forty-ninth and fiftieth arti-
cles treaty April 28, 1866. and Senate amendment
thereto, with the Choetaws and Chickasaws, $1,538 47.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the first section :
For this amount, interest due ths Choetaws and
Chickasaws, August 8,1868, on £300.000 held in trust
for said Indians, under third article treaty April 28,
1866, $15,000. ,. _
For this amount, being interest on $300,000 accru-
ing since August 8, 1868, up to June 30, 1870, for the
benefit of persons of African descent residing m
Choctaw and Chickasaw nations, at the date of ne-
gotiations of articles of agrceraentwith said nations
at Fort Smith, Arkansas, September 18,1865, hereto-
fore held in slavery among said nations, and their
descendants, as per third article treaty April 2S^ l80o,
$29,589; said sum to be distributed per capita after a
census of said beneficiaries shall have been taken
under th© direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
approved by him, and filed in the office of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer thafoliowiog amend-
ment, to be inserted at the end of the first sec-
tion :
for this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to pay the deficiency incurred hi carry 109
out treaty stipulations, making and preparing ho mes,
furnishing provisions, tools, and-forming utensils,
furnishing food and transportation for bands of In-
dians with which treaties have been made by_ the
Indian peace comfnission, and carrying their stipu-
lations into effect under the supervision of Brevet
Major General W.S. Harney, incurred since October
1,1868, $485,784 21.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I thiuk that
sam has been put on a deficiency bill in the
House of Representatives \ bu 11 am not entirely
advised about that.
Mr. HARLAN. It will make no difference
to the Government whichbiH it is on. I sup-
pose it will have to be paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IIARLAN. I offerthe followingamend-
roent, to be inserted as an additional section:
Andbeit.furtlm-eniir.tcil, That the unexpended bal-
ance now-standing- to the credit of the Kansas tribe
of Indians on thehoaks of the Treasury lJepartmest,
appropriated for ana belonging to them for educa-
tional purposes, may be usefl in the direction of the
superintendent of Indian Affairs for tbe jceptral sn-
periutehdency in the purchase of such articles of
food .and clothing as may in his discretion be thought
necessary to relieve the moat pressing wants of said
Indians,, they being in a destitute and suffering con-
dition.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is general
legislation. I.-do not know what the chairman
has td say'about iti "
Sfr. HARLAN. That is a Rttle amount of
money that is due the .Kansas ludiuna, a small
band who will be moved down into the Indian
territory soon—the interest on school money.
They have no annuities, and are very nearly in
a starving condition. They are Indians who
hunt considerably ; but on account of the war
on the plains have been unable to do so to any
extant during this winter, and they want the
privilege of using this interest that has accu-
mulated on their school fand and-' is now due,
to provide provisions for them.
Tie amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN, I offer the following amend-
ment, which is the last amendment I have in
charge, to be inserted at the end of the first
section:
For this amount required for medallions of TJ. S.
Grant, President of the United States, for distribu-
tion to Indian tribes, $5,000.
The- amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I am_ instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to offer the fol-
lowing amendment to come in after line nine
of section two:
The Dakota superinteBdency is hereby abolished,
afid all books, papers, records, moneys, and prop-
erty belonging to said ^iperinteo&ency, and all In-
dians and Indian agencies now within the said super-
intendency are hereby transferred to the northern
superintendency, and shall hereafter be under the
supervision of the same.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If I understand
it that consolidates the superintendences.
Mr. THAYER. Yes, sir. It wipes out one
superintendency, and isa reduction of expenses.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no ob-
jection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in at the end of section one,
after line eighteen hundred and seventy-four:
For tbe payment of damages sustained by the oit-
htens of Niobrara township, Nebraska, by the action
of the Government in removing the Santee Indians
upon their lands in the year 1866, as shall, after
proper investigation under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, be found just and equitable,
$15,000, to be divided pro rata in payment ot tne
claims to be found due, which shall be & final set-
tloment of said claims.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It' strikes mo
that is a private claim if it is anything.
Mr. RAMSEY, f should like to hear it
reported again.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It strikes me if
there is anything proper to be done in this re-
gard it is simply to authorize the Secretary of
the Interior to ascertain by a commission the
amount of damages antecedent to making an
appropriation. I suggest that modification,
that a commission be appointed under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior to
ascertain the amount of damages.
Mr. THAYEE. Very well; I will consent
to that modification.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
ment will be reported as modified.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to my
friend that he had better withdraw it now and
offer it ao-ain in the modified form.
Mr. THAYER. It is all right now. Lett
the Clerk read it.
The Chief Clekk. The amendment, as
modified, reads as follows :
For the payment of damages sustained by the citi-
zens of Niobrara township, Nebraska, by the action
of the Government in moving the Santee Indians
upon their lands in the year IStSfi, after proper in-
vestigation under the direction of the Secretary or
the Interior, who shall appoint a commission to
ascertain the amount of damages sustained, iio.wu.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator to
