422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
c'txmpromise their little difference on this amend-
ment. I do not want to vote against either of
them on this bill. I should think they might
agree to a compromise on this point.
Mr. CHANDLER. I would not agree to
abandon the copper _ interest. This amend-
ment destroys it. If it is the intention of the
body to destroy the bill be it so-
Several Senators. Let us adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I want this matter de-
cided. The Senator from Yermont and I have
bad all the consultation we are likely to have
on the subject.
Mr. SUMNER. There are several other
amendments to be proposed. We had better
adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would not move an
adjournment against the wish of the Senator
from Michigan; but I think we had better
adjourn now.
Mr. FERRY. There are several other amend-
ments to be offered.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let us have a vote on
this and see how it comes out.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask for the reading of
the original bill.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate ad-
journ. I am sure we cannot pass the bill now.
Mr. SUMNER. There are several amend-
ments.
Mr. WILSON. If Senators wish to take a
vote I will not press my motion now.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me state to the Sen-
ate that the present duty on ores is five per
cent., and the duty reported by the committee
in this bill is about eleven per cent. The rate
now proposed by the Senator from Yermont is
about midway between the two. Eleven per
cent is about the duty imposed by this bill,
being three cents a pound on all the fine cop-
per contained in the ores.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, and the Secretary will call the roll.
Mr. WHYTE. Is the vote to be taken on
the entire amendment, or only on that part of
the amendment which imposes a tax of three
cents on sulphnret ores '?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On the
entire amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the vote is
taken I will state that my colleague [Mr. Mor-
iui l] js paired on the questions relative to this
bill with the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Cattell.] My colleague, if present, would
vote against the bill and for the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 20, nays 27; as follows :
YEAS—-Messrs. Anthony, Cole, Conkling, Cragin,
Davis, Dixon, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden, Fowler,
McCreery, Morrill of Vermont,'Patterson of New
Hampshire, bpencer, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Win-
kle, Viekers, Whyte, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Chandler, Cor-
bet t, Dooli ttle, 1 relinghuysen, Harlan, Harris, Hend-
ricks, Howard, Howe, Kellogg, McDonald, Morton,
Usborn, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy. Rice,
Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Sherman, Stewart, Thayer.
Wado, "W arner, and Willey—27.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Cattell,
Conn ess, Drake, Grimes,Henderson,Morgan, Morrill
of Maine, Norton, Nye, Pool, ltamsey. Saulsbury,
Sprague, Tipton. Welch, Williams, and Yates—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now with-
draw my other amendments as the principle
has been decided, as it seems to me, that no
amendment is to be introduced against the
original bill.
Mr. WILSON. I ask now to have the bill
read as it stands, as I propose to move an
amendment.
Mr. S UMNER. I have two or three amend-
ments to move.
Several Senators. Let us adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate i
adjourned. |
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 18, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. J. C. Holbrook, D. D., of Homer,
New York.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
order op business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of the States
and Territories, commencing with the State of
Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees, not to be brought back into the
House by a motion to reconsider, Under this
call memorials and resolutions of State and
territorial Legislatures may be presented.
pension laws.
Mr. PERHAM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1682) relating to the operations of the pension
laws, and for other purposes ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
national banking- system, etc.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1G83) providing for the issue of United States
bonds, for retiring United States notes, and for
a free system of national banking ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
testimony of defendants.
Mr. POLAND also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1084) allowing the defendant in criminal
cases to testify ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Revision of Laws of the United States, and
ordered to be printed.
defenses of washington, etc.
Mr. POLAND also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1685) to repeal section two of an act
passed February 13, 1862, entitled "An act
making an appropriation for completing the
defenses of_ Washington, and for other pur-
poses;" which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
church property in rebel states.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1686) relating to church
property in the late rebellious States; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Reconstruction.
alienation of grants or privileges.
Mr. BANKS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1687J to prevent the alienation to foreigners of
grants or privileges from the United States;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
fur-seal trade.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 1688) to regulate and protect
the fur-seal trade at the Islands of St. Paul
and St. George, in the territory of Alaska;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
boston and washington telegraph.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, on behalf
of his colleague, Mr. Stewart, introduced a
bill (H. II. No. 1089) for the construction of
lines of telegraph between Boston, New York,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Washington, un-
der the direction of the Post Office Depart-
ment ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
national life insurance company.
Mr. WOOD introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1690) to repeal an act to incorporate the Na-
tional Life Insurance Company of the United
States of America, approved July 25, 1868;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
loans on legal-tenders.
Mr. BARNES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1691) to prevent the loaning of money upon
United States legal-tender notes : which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency, and
ordered to be printed.
interest on deposits.
Mr. BARNES also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1692) to prevent banks of issue from pay-
ing interest upon deposits; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency, and ordered to
be printed.
tax on manufactures.
Mr. BROOKS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1693) to amend an act entitled "An act to
exemptcertain manufactures from internal tax,
and for other purposes," approved March 31,
1868; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
christina armiol.
Mr. KOONTZ introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1094) granting a pension to Christina Armel;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
charles macs.
Mr. MILLER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1695) granting a pension to Charles Maus, of
Lewisburg, Pennsylvania; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions and of the
War of 1812.
post roads in maryland.
Mr. STONE introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1690) to establish certain post roads in the
State of Maryland ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
internal tax law,
Mr. BOYDEN introduced a bill (H. R". No.
1697) to amend the internal tax law, approved
July 20, 1868 ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
post routes in north carolina.
Mr. DOCIvERY introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 1698) to establish certain post routes in
North Carolina; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
relief from disabilities.
Mr. YOUNG introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1699) to relieve J. J. Morrison, T. S. Ward,
C. Pittman, and Thomas Hooper, of the State
of Georgia, from political disabilities.
claims of southern census-takers.
Mr. PRINCE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1700) extending to certain citizens of certain
States the privileges of an act entitled "An act
making appropriations and to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1867, and forpther purposes," approved March
2, 1867; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
legal advertisements.
Mr. TIFT introduced a bill (H. Ii. No. 1701)
to amend the seventh section of the act making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1807,
and for other purposes, approved March 2,
1867 ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Revision of
Laws of the United States.
bankrupt act.
Mr. TIFT also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1702) in amendment of an act entitled "An act
in amendment of an act entitled 'An act to
