1374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
insert the word "Sioux" after "Santee."
" Santee " alone is not the designation: of any
tribe. Tliey are Santee Sioux.
Mr. THAYER. The language is Santee
Sioux in the first part, I think.
The amendment, as modified,was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer an amendment to
eome in after line eighteen hundred and thirty-
four.
Mr. ROSS. I have an amendment which I
desire to offer from the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments of the committee are properly first in
order; but as the Senator from Iowa has sent
his amendment to the. desk, it will be acted on
first.
Mr. GRIMES. The amendment is to insert
after line eighteen hundred and thirty-four the
following:
To .supply a deficiency of appropriation to pay for
spoliations committed by Indians in northwestern
Iowa in the year 1857, 810,906 34.
In 1857 a band of Sioux Indians residing
without the territory of Iowa, there being no
Indians within the State of Iowa, made a hos-
tile incursion within her jurisdiction, broke up
the settlements in the northwestern part of the
State, in the neighborhood of Sioax City,
and perpetrated a great, deal of damage and
destroyed a good many lives. Congress, upon
a former occasion, recognizing their obligation
to keep the Indians within their jurisdiction
outside of our State, made an appropriation to
meet the expenses to cover the damages that
had been perpetrated, amountingto $20,320 71,
leavingabalanceof $10,906 3-1 still due. That
was proved according to the statement which
I hold in my hand, and which has been fur-
nished me by the Interior Department. This
is simply to cover the balance that is proved to
be due. It is all in small amounts, and is due
to small farmers whose entire property was
swept away by these Indians.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Do I understand
the Senator to say that it rests on an act of
Congress?
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator understands
me to say that Congress upon an appropriation
bill has passed a similar clause to this. The
Secretary of the Interior refers to it in those
papers. It is the act of March 2, 1801; but
the appropriation lacked $10,906 of being suffi-
cient to cover the amount of claims that had
been proved up, and this is simply to supply
the deficiency.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Has the Sena-
tor the act to which he refers?
_ Mr. GRIMES, i have not the act. 1 have
simply the statement and a reference to the
act, forwarded to me from the Interior Depart-
ment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Iowa if it is usual to pay the people
of the border For losses which they sustain in
Indian wars?
Mr. GRIMES. It is not usual, I take it,
where the citizens of the United States go upon
the Indiau country and lake their property.
They take it at their own risk. But when the
Government of the United States sets apart a
section of country and undertakes to keep the
Indians within it, appoints its agents to take
chargeof them, and they break away from the
authority of the United States and eome within
the peaceful jurisdiction of a border State and
destroy property and take lives, the Govern-
ment of the United States pays the damages,
and ought to pay them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is that the custom ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; I believe so. I
know it is the custom here; that is, I know it
lias been done; and this is only carrying out
a former actof Congress on this subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think there is another
case in this bill where it is done : but it is a
little extraordinary, I think. I did not know
that we had assumed that kind of resoonsi-
bility.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to look
up the law before the question is put.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator from Iowa will
withdraw^ his amendment while the Senator
from Maine is looking up the authorities I
should like to move an amendment myself.
Mr._ GRIMES. I do not understand that
there is any objection to this proposition.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not feel
like making an objection ; but at the same time
I should like to know exactly whether the pre-
cedent established by the act of 1861 author-
izes the extension of it beyond the amount
that was then paid. I do not find the act; and
perhaps it had better be withdrawn while the
Senator from Wisconsin offers his in the mean
time.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose I shall have to
withdraw it if the Senator insists upon it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will call the
attention of the Senate to it again.
Mr. HOWE. I now move the amendment
of which I gave notice the day before yesterday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas submitted an amendment,
which is first in order.
Mr. ROSS. I now ask to have my amend-
ment taken up. Itis to insertas an additional
section the following:
And be it further enacted, That the Apache, Kioway,
and Comanche Indians, and the Cheyenne and Ara-
pahoe Indians, located by treaties of October, 1867,
on reservations within the limits of the Indian ter-
ritory, and all other Indians who have been, or may
hereafter be, removed to reservations within said
territory, shall hereafter be included within the
jurisdiction of the superintendent of the southern
superin tendency.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
that there is any objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I now offer my amendment,
to insert as an additional section the following:
And be it further enactcd, That there is hereby ap-
propriated to the heirs of Scott Campbell, late of the
State of Minnesota, the sum of $10,000 in full satis-
faction of all obligations in favor of said Scott Camp-
bell embraced either in tho treaty of 1337 or of 1858,
made with tho Sioux Indians.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask my friend
is not that a private claim ?
Mr. HOWE. Whether it is or not it arises
under a treaty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it arises un-
der a treaty, then it may be enforced here,
undoubtedly.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir ; it is clearly within
the rule.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Has the Sen-
ator the treaty before him ?
Mr. HOWE. I have extracts from the treaty.
The treaty of 1837 will be found in the seventh
volume of tho statutes. The clauses under
which this claim arises are these:
"Ninth. To pay Scott Campbell, the interpreter
accompanyinR tho delegation, in consideration of
valuable services rendered by him to the Sioux, tho
sum of 8450 annually for twenty years."
^ That is the ninth clause of the second article.
The third article is:
" It is further stipulated and agreed that the said
bcott Campbell alia.ll bo secured in tho ciuict posses-
sion of tho tract of land on the weyt side of the Mis-
sissippi, about one mile and a half below Fort Snell-
msr, supposed to contain about five hundred acres,
and upon which he now residos."
In 1837 this treaty was made, by which these
Indians ceded all their lands east of the Mis-
sissippi and in consideration of that cession
the United States undertook to pay certaiu
moneys and to do certain things. Among others
they were to pay different debts said to be
owing by the tribe, and this to Scott Campbell
was one of those debts, in liquidation of which
the United States undertook to pay him $450
annually for twenty years, and to secure him in
the possession of five hundred acres of land.
The Senate ratified that treaty, but struck out
the ninth clause of the second article and the
third article, which I have just read, without
submitting that action to the Indians for their
approval. It continued a matter of dispute
between the tribe and the Government until
1858, when another treaty was made, in which
this provision was inserted:
"Art. 9. As the Senate struck from the treaty
with the Mendawalcauton band of Sioux, of tho 29th
day of September, 1837, the ninth clause of the sec-
ond article and the whole of the third article of said
treaty, which provided for the payment of $450 an-
nually for twenty years to Scott Campbell, and con-
firmed to the said Scott Campbell a title to five hun-
dred acres of land which ho then occupied, said pay-
ment and land being deemed by said Indians to form
a part of the consideration^ for which they oeded to
the United States a certain tract of land in said
treaty specified, which reduction in the consideration
for said land has never been sanctioned by said In-
dians, the said Mendawakantons and Wahpakoota
bands now request that provision be made for the pay-
men t of the sum of $10,000 to A. J. Campbell, the son
of said Scott Campbell, now decoasod, in full con-
sideration of the money stipulated to be paid and
land confirmed to said Scott Campbell in the original
draft of said treaty'aforesaid; which subject is hereby
submitted to tho Senate for its favorable considera-
tion."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Did the Senate
consider it favorably?
Mr. HOWE. The Senate considered that
treaty, and approved the treaty with that clause
standing in it; and the only objection that has
been made to paying the money is that it has
been said this was not a stipulation but a re-
quest ; and although the Senate approved it,
yet, it not being in the form of a stipulation,
no money could be paid under it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is to say, it
was a suggestion, and not a stipulation, to pay
money.
Mr. HOWE. It was a request by the Indians
incorporated in the treaty, submitted to the
Senate, and ratified by the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
how long Scott Campbell lived, and whether
this annuity was to be paid after his death ?
Mr. HOWE. How long Scott Campbell
lived I am unable to say. I see by the report
of a " talk," as it is called, between the chiefs
of this tribe and some agents of the Govern-
ment, that he was alive in 1848 or 1849.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When was the treaty
made ?
Mr. HOWE. The treaty was made in 1837 ;
but it will be remembered that this was a fixed
sum of money that was to be paid as a part of
the purchase-money for the land ; and I take
it that that sum would not be reduced by the
death of Scott Campbell.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Was it not an annuity?
Mr. HOWE. It was a sum to be paid, so
much a year; not an annuity in any other
sense. It was $450 a year, to be paid annually
for twenty years, and it was a part of the pur-
chase-money for the land.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have a
little further information about this matter.
Where is the treaty of 1858?
Mr. HOWE. In the twelfth volume of the
statutes.
Mr. GRIMES. While the Senator is pro-
curing the treaty, I wish to refer to the stat-
utes that were called for when the amendment
that I proposed was under consideration.
Ihe PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes]
will be regarded as pending.
Mr. GRIMES. The act of Congress, ap-
proved February 16,1863—I suppose the Sec-
retary of the Interior made a misrecital in
referring to it as an act of 1861—is an act
for the relief of persons for damages sustained
by reason of depredations and injuries com-
mitted by certain bands of Sioux Indians,
referring to Ink-pa-du-tah!s band of Indians.
Then, on March 3,1863, there is an act which,
referring to the previous act, provides:
"That the provisions of the above-entitled act be,
and the same are hereby, applied to all damages sus-
tained by reason of depredations and injuries by
said Indians as therein set forth, in the State of Jowa
and Territory of Dakota, as well as in tho State of
Minnesota.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now the ques-
tion is whether these are the same Indians?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir. There has never
been any other trouble in our State, except in
the year of 1857, when the Ink-p_a-du-tah band
of Indians broke over from what is now Dakota
Territory into our own State and destroyed
