414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOW
January 18,
Buel; which was rea.d a first and second time,
<iud referred to the Committee of Claims.
MBMNDA HARMON.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, introduced a
bill (BE. R. No. 1736) for the relief of Meliuda
Harmon ; which was read a first and second
t.iroe^a_nd referred to the Committee of Claims.
LBCINDA PAUGLE.
- Mr. BUTLER. of,Tennessee, alsointroduced
a'billr (H., fi>: No. 1737) granting a pension to
LucindaPaugle, of Tennessee ; whieh was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on .Invalid Pensions.
NATIOKAL BANK STATEMENTS.
" Mr. BARNE& introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 412) to compel national banks to
make statements six times a year at previous
dates ; which was read a first and second lime,
and referred to the Committee o:i Banking and
Currency.
ORDER OS BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The call of States and
Territories for the introduction of bills and
joint resolutions having been completed, the
next business in order during the morning hour
is the call of Statesforresolutions, commencing
with the State of Indiana, where the call was
arrested on last Monday.
WELLS, FARGO AND COMPANY.
Mr. COBURN submitted the following res-
olution, on whieh he demanded the previous
question :
Jieeolvcd, That the Committee on Publio Expend-
itures be directed to inquire into and report to this
House all the facts and circumstances concerning the
contract wuil Wells, Fargo & Co., for carrying tho
United States mails between tbe termini of tbe Pa-
cific railroads, the character ol the contract, its
terms, the probable cost ot the service, and the man-
ner in which tbe service has been and is boing per-
formed; and that said committee have power to
eompcl tho attendance of witnesses and examine
them under oath, and to employ a stenographer at
the usual compensation, and to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. The last clause of this
resolution, proposing to authorize the com-
mittee to report at any time, cannot be adopted
without unanimous consent or a suspension of
the rules, which cannot be had during the
morning hour of Monday. The Chair there-
fore rules that part of the resolution to be out
of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is there
any objection to allowing the committee to
report at any time?
the SPEAKER. The Chair will ask for
unanimous consent after the expiration of the
morning hour. He cannot, under the rules,
ask it during the morning hour of Monday.
Mr._ FARNSWORTH. I hope there will be
no objection.
Mr. SCOFIELD, I suggest to the mover
of the resolution that he strike out that part
providing for the employment of a stenogra-
pher. The House has stenographers regularly
employed to report in committees.
Mr. COBURN'. I modify the resolution by
striking out that clause.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. -I will ask whether
there is any objection to allowing the com-
mittee to report at any time?
The SPEAKER. The Chairwill reserve that
point and ask unanimous consent after the
morning hour.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
tho vote by which the resolution was agreed to ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
RAILROAD LAND GRANTS, SUBSIDIES, ETC,
Mr. HOLilAN submitted the following res-
olutions, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That in the present condition of the.na-
tional fmaages no further subsidies ought to be
granted by Congress, cither in bonds or money, t&
railroad or other corporations* or to promote local
enterprises, but the whole resources of the country
ought to be'applied to the pressing necessities of the
public service in such manner as will relieve the
people from the burdens of taxation.
Resolved, That grants of the public lands to cor-
porations ought to be discontinued, and the whole
of such lands ought to be held as a sacred trust, to
secure homesteads to actual settlers, and for no other
purpose whatever.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to refer the first
resolution to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and- the second to the Committee on
the Public Lauds.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Holmax] has demanded the previous
question. Motions to refer are not in order
unless the previous question should not be
seconded.
On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion there were—ayes 49, noes 31; no quorum
voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Mr. Holman and Mr.
Benjamin.
Mr. BROOKS. Are these resolutious divisi-
ble?
The SPEAKER. They are.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a parliamentary
iuquiry. If the previous question should be
seconded can we have a separate vote on the
resolution relative to public lands ?
The SPEAKER. A separate vote can be
had on each resolution.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—-ayes G5, noes 57.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question then recurred on ordering the
main question.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Mr. Speaker, would
it be in order to move the reference of the
lesolutions?
The SPEAKER. It would not be, the pre-
vious question having been seconded.
Mr. WINOOM. Would it be in order to
move to lay the resolutions on the table ?
The SPEAKER. It would be.
Mr. "WINDOM. I make that motion.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being-
ayes thirty-four, noes not counted.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask for a separate vote
on the resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions will be
voted on separately ; and the question is first
on agreeing to the resolution relative to sub-
sidies to railroad or other corporations.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 67, not voting
65 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin,
Beaman, Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Bout-
wcll. Bromwell, Brooks, Bucklaod, Burr, Benjamin
F, Butler, Cary, Ohanler, Header W. Clarke, Cook,
Cornell, Cuilom. Delano. Dockery, Ela. Farnsworth,
Ferriss. Ferry, Fields, Grctz, Grover, Harding. Haw-
kins, Heaton, Ilill, Holman, Chester D. Hubbard,
I Jenokes, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas
L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelsey, Kerr, Kitchen,
i Knott, Koontz, Lash, George V. Lawrence, William
! Lawrence. McCarthy.McKee.Mercur, Mnier. Moote,
Mungen, Ni'olack, Nicholson, Paine, Phelps, Pike,
Pile, Plants. Price, Raudall, Ross, Scofieltl, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Stone, Sypher,
Taber, Taylor, Trowbiidge, Upson, Van Auken, Van
Trump, Van Wyck, Ward, Elihu B. Yvraskburne,
Henry D. Washburn, Welker, William Williams,
James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Wood, and
Younc—£0.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson. Arnell, Delos K. Ash-
ley, Axtell, Banks, Barnes, Beck, Benjamin. Boles,
Buyden,Buckley,Roderick K. Butler,C&llisr,Church-
ill, Sidney Clarke. Clift, Cobb. Cobnrn, Corley, De-
weese, Dodge, Dnges, James T. Elliott, Garfield,
Golladay, Goss, Gove, Gravely, Hnughey. Higby,
Hopkins, Humphrey, Ingersoli, Kollcy, Kellogg,
Lincoln, Mnllory, Mayttard, McOormick, Morreil,
Mullins, Myers, Neweomb, Newsham, Norris,
O'Neill, Perham, Peters, Pierce, Prince, Kaum,
Roots, Sawyor, Schenek. Smith, Starkweather,
Stokos, Stoter. Taffo, Thomas, Tift, Lawrence S.
Trimble, Twicbell, Van Aernam, Burt van Horn,
William B. Washburn. Wliitteixi ore, and Windom—67.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
James M. Ashlev, Barnum, Blackburn, Blaine,
Bowen, Boyer, Broomall. Cake, Covode, Dawes,
Diekcy. Dixon, Donnelly, Eekley, Edwards, Eggle-
ston. Eldridge, Thomas D. Eliot, Fox, French, Gioss-
brenner, Griswold, Haight, Halsey, Hamilton,
Hooper, Hotehkisg, Asahel W.Hubbard, Richard D.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Ketcham, Lnilin, Loan,
Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Marshall, Miirvin, Mc-
Cuflough, Moorhead, Morrissey, Hunn, Orth, Pettis,
Poland. Poisley, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Robertson,Hobm-
son, Selye, Stevens, Stewart, John Trimble, Robert
T. Van Horn, Vidal, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Thomas Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Woodbriiige,
and Woodward—65.
So the first resolution was agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
second resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I move to
lay the resolution.on the table.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask my colleague [Mr.
Holman] to allo\y a substitute for the pending
resolution to be reported.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will do so.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to offer the follow-
ing as a substitute for the resolution :
Unsolved, That no more public lands should be
granted to aid in the construction of railroads except
upon condition, of actual settlement in quao tities not
greater than onehundred and sixty acres to onepur-
chaser, and for a fixed maximum price.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Indiana. If this is
accepted as a substitute I will not object to it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I decline to accept it.
Mr. DELANO. Is it in order to move the
reference of the resolution to the Committee
on the Public Lands ?
The SPEAKER. It is not; because the
previous question has been partly executed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I move to
lay the resolution 011 the table, as the substi-
tute is not accepted.
On laying the resolution on tbe table there
were—ayes 74, noes 43.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CULLOM. If the resolution is notlaid
on the table will it then be in order to move to
refer it to a proper committee?
The SPEAKER. It would not; the pre-
vious question operating and being partly exe-
cuted.
The question was taken on laying the reso-
lution on the table ; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 110, nays 55, not voting 57 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames. Anderson, Arnell,
Delos K. Ashley, Axtell, Banks, Beamau, Beck, Ben-
iamin, Bingham, Blair, Boles, Boyden, Bui kiand,
Buckley. Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Callis, Churchill,
Ciift, Cobb, Cobiirn, Cook, Corley, Covode, Cullom,
Delano, Deweese, Dockery.Dodge,Drivgs, Bgglcston,
Thomas D. Eliot, James T. Elliott, Ferri.-s. Ferry,
French, Garfield, Golladay, Goss, Gove, Gravely,
liaughey, Heaton, Hooper, Hopkins, Ilotchkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard. Hunter, Ingersoli, Jenekes,
Johnson, Alexander H.Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley,
Kellogg, Knott. Lash, Lincoln, Mallory, M >rvin,
McKee, Mercur. Miller, Morroll, MuHius. Myers,
Neweomb, Newsham, Norris, O'Neill. Orth, Perham,
Peters, Pettis, Phelps, Pierce, I'ile, Poland, Price,
Prince, Raum, Roots, Sawyer, Schenck, Shanks,
Smith, Starkweather, Stokes, Stover, T.iber, 'i'.iffe,
Tift, John Trimble, Lawrence K. Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Twichell, Van Aernam,Burt Van Horn. Van
Wyck, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Whittcmoro, Thomas Williams, Wil-
liam Williams, James F. Wilson, and Windoin—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Bailey, Baker Baldwin, Barnes,
Beatty,Benton, Boutwell, Burr,Benjamin F.Butler,
Cary, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Ela, Farnsworth, Fields, Getz. Grover, Harding,
Hawkins, Holman, Chester D. llubbard, TnomasL.
Jones, Kelsey, Kerr. Koontz, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence.Marshall. McCavthy.McCormiek,
Moore, Mungen, Niblack, Paine, Pike, Plants. Ran-
dall, Ross, Scofield, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Spald-
ing, Stevens, Stone, Sypher, Taylor, Thomns, Upson,
Van Auken. Van Trump, Ward. John Wilson,
Wood, and Young—55.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, James
M. Abhley, Barnum, Blackburn, Blaine, Bowen,
Boyer.Bromwell, Brooks, Broomnll. Cornell,Djwes,
Dickev,Dixon,Donnelly,Bckley, Edwards, Eldridge,
Fox, Glossbronncr, Griswold, Ilaight, Halsey, Hamil-
ton, Higby, Hill, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd.
Humphrey, Ketcham,Kitchen, Loflin, Loan, Logan,
Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard, McCullough, Moor-
head, Morrissey, Nicholson,Nunn, Poisley, Pomeroy,
Pruyn, Robortson, Robinson. Selye, Stewart, Robert
T. Van Horn, Vidal, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ehhu
B.Washburno. Stephen F. Wilson,Woodbridge, and
Woodward—67.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Daring the roll call,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, stated that
he had been called out of the House; if he
had been here he would have voted '-'no,"
emphatically.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, moved to
