200
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 29,
]So. of Reps,
Suffrage Corpstitutiowxl Amendment—-Mr. Loughridge.
40th Cong..,.3d Sess.
against equal rights. But, with- all opposition,
justice triumphed. Satisfied that duty,principle,
and consistency required it, the people of Iowa
put their feet upon prejudice and trampled jt
in the dust, and decreed and wrote down in
their constitution that within the borders and
jurisdiction of that proud young empire of
liberty and of law all men, wherever born,
whatever the color of their skin, whatever their
previous condition in life—all shall stand equal
Before the law.
And now, sir, in Iowa, as itshould be in every
State and the world over—
" A man's a man for a' that."
But, sir, in some of the States of the Union
the colored man is still persistently denied his
rights, and will continue to be, I have no doubt,
until those rights are secured to him by the
exercise of Federal authority. In the States of
Kentucky and of Maryland there are seventy-
five thousand colored men, who by the Con-
stitution of the United States are citizens of
the United States, and yet who are denied by
the laws of those States any participation in the
civil governments of the States. Those seventy-
live thousand men are required to obey all the
laws of the State governments, to pay taxes to
support them, and yet they are allowed no voice
whatever in making the laws by which they are
governed and by which their property is taken
from them for taxes. And yet, sir, guilty of
this great wrong, this oppression and injustice,
the white people of Kentucky and Maryland,
upon this floor by their Representatives and
elsewhere, talk eloquently of the sanctity of
justice, and claim to worship at the shrine of
liberty, while they desecrate the altars of the
one and violate the temples of the other.
Tell me not that the governments of those
States are republican in form. As well call
despotism by the sacred name of liberty, as
well assert that vice is virtue. What is a re-
public? A government by the people ; not by
a portion of the people, but by all the people.
A government, then, in which one fourth of the
people are denied any voice or participation
lacks every element of a republican govern-
ment. It is an aristocracy of the most invidi-
ous type, as far removed from true liberty as
the most absolute despotism; and experience
proves that the despotism of a single ruler
with unlimited power is far less grievous than
the despotism of an aristocracy.
Sir, I deny theright of the one million five hun-
dred thousand white people of the States of Ken-
tucky and Maryland to refuse the privileges and
immunities of citizenship and all participation
in the Government to the four hundred thou-
sand native-born American ckizens of their
States, whom they disfranchise on account of
their race and color. I deny it on the gen-
eral principles upon which this Government is
founded and which are incorporated into the
fundamental law of the Republic. One of
those principles, and one which our fathers
incorporated into the Declaration of Independ-
ence, among other great truths which have
come to be acknowledged as political axioms, is
this, "that Governments derive all their just
powers from the consent of the governed."
If this be true, then that cannot be a just Gov-
ernment or exercise just powers which denies
absolutely to one fifth of its citizens any voice
or participation in the Government, the laws of
which they are required to obey, and to the
support of which they are required to con-
tribute by the payment of taxes. On the con-
trary, tried by the principles of the Declaration
of Independence, it is an unjust Government,
exercising unjust powers, forcing upon the peo-
ple the tyranny of ''taxation without repre-
sentation," resistance to which lit up theffires
of the revolutionary war.
So far, sir, from such Governments being
republican in form they are, as I have already
said, aristocracies of the most detestable and
hateful character. The qualification requisite
to admission to the privileged class is not
merit, talent, personal achievement, or wealth,
but the arbitrary one of race, in which no indi-
vidual member of the unfortunate ostracised
class can be inspired with the least ho[3e to
acquire, even through the exhibition of the
highest genius, talent, and worth, admission to
the rights and privileges of the governingclass.
An aristocracy in which if a man be of white
blood, though he may be destitute of talent,
intelligence, patriotism, or virtue—though he
be ignorant, vicious, and depraved, yet all the
privileges of the governing class are freely ac-
corded to him—he is one of the acknowledged
sovereigns. But if a man unfortunately be of
African descent, even to the remotest degree ;
if to any extent there be the blood of that
injured race in his veins, although he be a
natural-born citizen of the United States,
although he may have an intellect of the highest
order, a cultivated mind, and a character un-
sullied by vice; although he may, when the
Government was assailed by traitors, have given
liberally of his means for its support, and upon
red fields of battle bared his breast to the cruel
storm of war and periled his life in defense of
the flag, yet notwithstanding all this he is ruth-
lessly and crueliy thrust down and consigned,
without question and without reason, to hope-
less degradation.
Sir, it should cause the cheek of an Amer-
ican citizen to blush for shame, that while the
whole world, even where the most absolute
despotism has heretofore prevailed, is advanc-
ing so rapidly toward the full recognition of
the rights of humanity in this the great Repub-
lic, the boasted asylum and home of liberty,
such a gross wrong and such an outrage upon
every principle of justice and of democracy
should be any longer suffered to exist. In the
name and for the sake of the great cause of
human freedom, in the name of five million
native-born citizens of the United States, such
by birth and such by the letter of the Consti-
tution, whose dearest rights are thus trampled
upon, citizens who have been patriotic and
true to the starry flag at all times, and in the
dark hours of the great rebellion one hundred
thousand of whom put on the blue uniform of
the armies of the Republic, and upon many
hard-fought fields battled bravely for a Gov-
ernment from which they had never received
aught but injustice and wrongs, and not one
of whom was a traitor to the Government, I
insist that this aristocracy of race, this last
relic of the barbarism of slavery, shall no
longer be tolerated in the land. Sir, I have
said that this denial of the elective franchise
to citizens on account of race or color was
contrary to the principles which lie at the
foundation of the Republic and at variance
with the whole theory of the Government.
This Government was established on the
great principle of the natural equality of all
men. The Declaration of Independence, the
foundation-stone of the whole edifice, starts
out with the bold and sweeping affirmation,
" We hold these truths to be self-evident, that
all men are created equal, and endowed by
their Creator with certain inalienable rights,
among which are life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness ; and that to secure these rights
governments are instituted among men, deriv-
ing all their just powers from the consent of
the governed." Here in this instrument man
is recognized as man, and all distinctions,
whether of race or of color or of any other kind,
are repudiated. The framers of that instru-
ment, which has always been and always will
be the glory of the Republic and the admira-
tion of the world, in framing it spake for no
clan or particular race of men ; they spake no
narrow, selfish words; they did not choose,
by confining their claim of natural rights and
natural equality to themselves and their par-
ticular race of men, to insult the instincts and
the intelligence of the friends of liberty through-
out the world, while at the same time appeal-
ing to mankind for the justice of their cause and
to the Supreme Judge of the world for the
rectitude of their intentions. And therefore
they wrote down great and true words of uni-
versal liberty, and embraced in their claim for
inalienable rights and natural equality the whole
family of man, of all climes, kindreds, and
nations, and in fit words declared the truth of
the existence of these sacred rights to be " self-
evident," political axioms, which needed no
demonstration and which no man could deny,
and that these rights were held by no muni-
ments of human title, but were the gift of God.
And, sir, standing upon that declaration, and
by its authority, I denounce that blasphemy
against Heaven which would rob man of liis
birthright, and would deny to a portion of
God's children the royalty of their lineage and
the nobility of their descent—a descent from
the great Father of all, and a lineage unbroken
and direct from Him who gave their names
to the beasts of the earth and the fowls of the
air, and for whom and for his descendants,
even the humblest and poorest on earth, as
much as if there were no other living man, this
world was made and fitted up in all its archi-
tectural beauty and grandeur by the hand of
the great Creator. As such a being, with such
a fatherhood and such a lineage, the Declara-
tion of Independence treats of man ; and all
that I ask, all that the colored man asks, is
that the principles of that instrument shall be
carricd into practice, and that the natural
equality of men before the law be recognized
by the laws of the land and guarantied by the
Government. And sir, after our fathers had
made good their declaration and vindicated
the justice of their cause upon the battle-fields
of the Revolution—■
"And the red lion, haughty Britain's emblem,
Discomfited, went howling back with rage,
To lair amid the white cliffs of Albion,"
and when the statesmen of the Republic,
their minds imbued with the true principles of
liberty, met together and framed the Constitu-
tion, they carried into that instrument the same
principles which were so conspicuous in the
Declaration of Independence.
Although slavery then existed in the most of
the States, and the States would not consent to
give the Federal Government power to abolish
it in the States, yet in framing the Constitution
they carefully excluded from it every sentence
and word which would imply that there could
be such a thing as property in a man. In
that instrument they recognized no distinction
of color or race among men. Under its pro-
visions a negro is eligible equally with a white
man to any office in the Government up to
and including that of President of the United
States. Neither the word white nor the word
black is found in that carefully written instru-
ment, nor is there a single word in it, from be-
ginning to end. showingany distinction between
white men and black men, or from which such
a distinction can be inferred. In the preamble
it is "We the people of the United States," and
throughout the instrument it speaks only of
"persons" and "people." Every provision in
that constitution protecting the white citizen in
his rights of life, liberty, and property, applies
equally in substance and equally in terms to
the colored man.
Sir, this is the character of the fundamental
law of our national Republic j these are the
just and equal principles upon which it rests,
as framed by our ancestors and handed down
by them to us.
The Constitution of the United States, to
the glory of its framers be it said, denies or
abridges the rights of 110 person in the broad
domain of the Republic by reason of race or
color. It either guaranties the civil rights of
none or it guaranties those of all. It either
gives protection to none or it spreads the
broad segis of its protection over all alike. It
either secures the right of elective franchise to
none or it guaranties that right to all. Under
it either the States have no power to deny the
