1869.
THE .CONGRESSIONAL CWLOsBE.
42.®
reconsider the vote just taken; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid oa the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
Mr. IIO LM AN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the first resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
naval appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the motion made on Monday
last by thq gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
burn e,] and pending at the adjournment, to
suspend the rules to enable him to offer several
amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 1599) mak-
ing appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending 30th June, 1870, reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union with sundry amendments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. One of the
amendments which I desire to have the rales
suspended to enable me to offer i&in the nature
of a third section of the bill. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] has pre-
pared a substitute for that amendment, which I
understand meets the approbation of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations., and also of gentle-
men who are opposed to the section as offered
bv me. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
can now offer that substitute.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be offered yet.
The motion is to suspend the rales to enable
the amendments to be offered.
Mr. KELLEY. I will say that my substi-
tute is in accordance with a bill passed by the
Senate and acted upon by the House com-
inlttee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will ac-
cept it as a modification of my amendment.
The Cbrk then read the amendments pro-
posed, as follows:
At the "bottom of page 3 insert the following:
Provided\ That all amounts appropriated tor the
support of the Naval Asylum, at Philadelphia, the
beneficiaries therein, the pay of officers, repairs, con-
tingent and other expenses, shall be charged to an<J
paid from the income ot the naval pension tana.
On p««ro 11, after the first paragraph with reference
to the Marine corps, insert the following: # t
Provided, That the number of non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates authorized and
allowed to be enlisted into the Marine corps or the
United States be, and the same is hereby, fixed and
declared to be fifteen hundred, and no more.
Insert the foHowinsr as section three: # ,
And be it farther enacted. That no commissioned or
non-com missioned officer ot the Marine corps shall
he appointed till the officers of the corps be reduced
by death, resignation, retirement, or expiration ot
term of service to one colon el, one. lieutenant colonel,
two majors, one adjutant and inspector, one pay-
master, one quartermaster, one assistant quarter-
master, twelve captains, eighteen first lieutenants,
eighteen second lieutenants, and the number ot ser-
geants, coporala, and clerks be reduced to tw-o iitths
of the number now fixed by law.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 desire to offer a further
amendment, to which I do not think there will
be any objection.
The SPEAKER. It can only be entertained
by the gentleman from Illinois accepting it.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask him to accept it. It
is to add to the third section the following :
That t-liis act shall not affect the field officers- now
in the Marino corps, and that there shall not be pro-
motions to lieutenant colonels and majors until the
number of officers in those grades he reduced to the
number established by this act.
Mr. KELLEY. That is a mere repetition
of my proposition.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not think yours ism
such plain terms.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois allow me to say one word before the vote
115 Mr.^WASHBCRNE, of Illinois. No, I
cannot.^^^. ^ more]y wantto state that this
whole subject-matter is'before the Naval Com-
mittees of the Senate and of the House, and a
committee of conference has been appointed
to take up and consider this very matter.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
yield t'o the gentleman to make a speech.
Mr. PIIvE. Well, I hope the House will
not suspend the rules for any such purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We went
through the same form last session, and .we
never got the legislation which the country
demands.
The SPEAKER. If the motion to suspend
the rules is agreed to the amendments will be
subject to a separate vote -after the amend-
ments reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union have been
disposed of.
Mr. WELKER. I ask the. gentleman from
Illinois to allow an amendment whieh. I desire
to offer to be read. I am in favor of the ob-
ject of his amendment, but I do not think the
way in which he proposes to attain it is the
proper one.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. After the
rules are suspended the gentleman can offer
his amendment.
The SPEAKER. If it is out of order he
cannot. The motion to suspend the rules only
covers the amendments that have been read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
modify my motion, and move to suspend the
rules to enable the amendments which I have
designated to be offered and any amendments
that may be offered thereto.
The question was put; and there were—■
ayes 70, noes i'i.
So (two thirds notvotingin favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well;
let it go. The gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Pike] says he will bring in a bill which will
cover these amendments.
The first amendment reported from _ the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union was then read, as follows :
Pago 2, line thirty-two, strike out "fifty" and
insert "twenty-five;" so that it will read:
Navy-yard at Philadelphia:
For repairs of all kinds, $25,000.
Mr. RANDALL I hope that amendment
will not be agreed to. The Committee on Ap-
propriations agreed to give $50,000 for this
purpose, and I am well informed from Phila-
delphia that that sum is required.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call the
previous question on this bill and the pending
amendments.
Mr. KELLEY. I would like to say that the
amendment made by the Committee of the
Whole is approved, so far as I know, by the
entire community of Philadelphia. I have seen
it applauded by all the leading journals of that
city, and by all the best men there.
Mr. RANDALL. Yes, those on one side.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I insist
upon the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question recurred upon the amendment
in regard to repairs of Philadelphia navy-yard.
Mr. RANDALL. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to increase the ap-
propriation for Naval Observatory from $10,000
to $13,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
words "andso forth" wherever they occur on
page 12 of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask consent to have
stricken out of the bill the words "and for
other purposes. ' at the end of the section.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent, as the previous question is now pend
10llr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time j and ^cnig
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
M4TO Off HON.' JfeAMW SWNB9. '
The SPEAKER.' The delegation from -fcfie
State of Arkansas have "informed the Ohair
that they intend to announce on next Friday
attwoo'clock the death oftheir late colleague,
Mr. Jambs Hods.
stationery fo-r interior department. -
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting inform-
ation desired by the Committee on Printing
in regard to stationery contracts; whieh was
referred to the Committee on Printing-.
seneca and shawnee indians, etc.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, submitting an
estimate of the appropriation required in ful-
filling treaty stipulations with the Seneca,
Shawnee, and other Indians, under treaty of
February 23, 180*7; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
APPROPRIATIONS i'OK INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, relative to the
condition of certain appropriations under the
control of the Department; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
military expenses ax new york.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimousconsent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting^ a report
of the Quartermaster General, relative to the
manner of reducing the expenses of the War
Department ot and in the- vicinity of New
York; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlik,
one of its Clerks, announced that the Senate had
insisted on its amendments, disagreed to by
the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 9-11) to amend
certain acts in relation to the Navy and Marine
corps, had agreed to the conference asked by
the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, aud had appointed as conferees on
the part of the Senate Mr. Drake, Mr. Nye,
and Mr. Hendricks.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment the bill (H< R.
No. 1598) to relieve from disabilities R. W.
Best and Samuel F. Phillips, of North Caro-
lina.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, with amendments, in which ^
the concurrence of the House was requested^
a bill (H. R. No. 1558) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to prescribe the mode of obtain-
ing evidence in case of contested elections,'
approved February 19,1851.
order op business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to move that the rules be suspended, and that
the House now resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, for the
purpose of considering the legislative appro-
priation bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman to yield to me for a few moments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
withdraw my motion to suspend the rules, and
yield to my colleague on the Committee on
Appropriations, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
bonds as banking security.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
instructed by the Committee on Appropria-
tions to report to the House for consideration
and adoption at this time the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Comptroller of thaCtarreney be
instructed to inform the House whether any -ma.
what banks have been allowed to e^hanse gold-
bearing interest securities of the
the six per cent, earrenoy bonds israea to> r.lie i acino
