1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fled him that it is impossible to carry into exe-
cution their recommendations without placing
the service under the control of the War De-
partment. General Sherman, in his last an-
nual rep®rt, shows that the Indian wars are
not occasioned by the whites. He says:
" I am fully aware that many of our good people
who are removed from contact with these Indians,
and dwelling with a painful intercstonpast events"—
alluding to the Chivington massacre and other
things—
"think that the whites may have been to blame."
But he says, notwithstanding all this, that in
thepresentinstance the whites are not to blame
for the wars that have been brought on. He
goes into a long enumeration of the atrocities
of the Indians, and dwells at length oil the
duties of this Government to prevent them in
future ; and finally, when he conies to speak of
the remedy, he mentions the opinion which he
gave on a former occasion, and goes on to say:
"I am more than convinced that suoh is not the
case in the present instance."
That is, that these wars are not the fault of
the whites:
" I farther believe that the only hope of saving
any part of these Indians from utter annihilation is
by a fair and prompt execution of the scheme sug-
gested by tbo peace commission, which can alone fie
done by Congress, with the concurrence of the In-
dians themselves. Even then it will require much
patience and hard labor on the part of the officers
to espcute tbat plan, which I do not wish to assume
myself or impose on other Army officers. But it is
certain that the only hope to find any end of these
eternal Indian wars is iu the transfer of the entire
business to the War Department, and for Congress to
enact the laws and provide the necessary money at
least a year before it is required to be expended."
That is the conclusion that General Sherman
came to, and I understand that it has the en-
tire concurrence of the other Army officers
operating in that country. The War Depart-
ment in its recent report, the Secretary having
before him the detailed facts communicated in
Genera! Sherman's report, makes this recom-
mendation :
" I refer to the report of the Lieutenant General
for an instructive statement of facts and valuable
suggestions in respect to Indian affairs."
" I believe it manifest that an.important change
should be made in our mode of dealing with the
Indians. While good faith and sound policy alike
require us to striotly observe existing treaties so long
as the Indians maintain like good faith, when any
tribe has violated its treaties it should no longer fee
regarded as a nation with which to treat, but as an
independent, uncivilized people to be cared for and
fed when necessary." ******
" It is manilest that any branch of the public ser-
vioe cannot be efficiently and economically managed
by two Departments of the Government. If the In-
terior Department ean alone manage Indian alfairs
and thus save the large expenses of th6 Army in the
Indian country, very well; but if the Army must be
kept there for the protection of the railroads and
frontier settlements, why not reqa ire the Army officers
to act as Indian agents, and thus save the expenses
of the civilians so employed? "
Besides, the Army officer has his military
reputation and commission at stake and is sub-
ject to trial by court-martial for any miscon-
duct in office. Thus is afforded the strongest
possible security the Government can have for
an honest administration of Indian affairs by
officers of the Army, while the civilian agents,
having only a temporary connection with the
Government and practically exempt from trial
and punishment for misconduct, give the Gov-
ernment the least possible security for an honest
administration. For the sake of economy, for
the sake of more efficient protection to frontier
settlements, and for the sake of justice to the In-
dians, the management of Indian affairs should
be restored to theWar Department, with author-
ity to make regulations for their government
and for their protection against lawless vio-
lence.
That is the recommendation of the War
Department after having had a large number
of Army officers in the field, as honorable gen-
tlemen as there are in the United States, and
this recommendation is predicated on a very
voluminous report of the entire peace com-
mission, showing the absolute impossibility of
carrying into effect the treaties through the
Interior Department. Why, sir, we had a
Stipulation in a treaty which _we ratified the
other day, requiring the Interior Department
40th Ooire. 3d Sess,—No, 87.
to arrest whites who offend agaiast the Indians,
and punish them; and the modus operandi of
it was that it should be reported to Washing-
ton, and the Iuterior Department should issue
an order. Of coarse with such a provision
there will be no arrest and no punishment, anl
you cannot keep that treaty. You have plenty
of treaties with such stipulations in them. If
there is violence committed by the whites on
the Indians, the only proper remedy is to have
the power on the spot to redress the wrong.
That is the only way you can carry out the
stipulations of the treaty.
" One of the great difficulties of this whole
system now is that there is no head to it. The
Government makes stipulations with which it
cannot comply, because when any difficulty
arises it must be referred to the Interior De-
partment. The occasions calling for action in
the Indian service require instant redress. If
they are not redressed upon the spot war may
break out. The proper course is to have on
the spot officers of the Army with authority to
afford relief.
A great deal has been said about General
Grant's views on this subject and on other
subjects. Now, sir, if there is any question on
which General Grant, together with the military
officers of this Government who have had great
responsibilities in this matter, have expressed
a decided opinion after the most careful inves-
tigation, it is upon this very question. The bill
which I offer as an amendment is one that has
passed the other House and been matured there.
It is in perfect harmony with the bill making
appropriations for the Indian service. It is in
fact to carry out the provisions of that bill and
to carry your treaties into effect, by having some
arm of the Government strong enough to carry
them into effect, to protect the Indians against
the whites and the whites against the Indians,
protecting both sides by having some force
there which the Indians will respect, for they
respect power. Now, an order is sent from
the Interior Department and an investigation
ordered, and before it is concluded you have
an Indian war on your hands.
The manifest absurdity of the present system
ought to be sufficient to produce its repeal.
It must be evident to Congress that necessarily
it must be a failure, and Congress should put
an end to it. I do not care so much whom you
send into the Indian country, but somebody
should be sent who would be responsible. If
you send your civilians there they will tell you
that the War Department is to blame for all the
trouble. Oil the contrary, when yon send your
soldiers there they tell you that the civilians
are to blame. Between the two the Indians
suffer, the white frontier settlers suffer, the
Treasury suffers, and there is no responsibility.
Sir, this is the greatest abuse of the Govern-
ment, and it is time that somebody should have
the control of Indian affairs so that somebody
can be held responsible. I am not particular
whether the control goes to the Interior De-
partment or the War Department; but if the
Interior Department is to have it I want that
Department to manage it entirely and to have
power to execute its orders. The War Depart-
ment is the only Department now that has the
power to act promptly on the ground and carry
out the provisions of the treaties that you are
constantly making.
It will not do to say that there is no remedy
for the evils that now exist. I undertake to
say that you have not applied a remedy here-
tofore. You could not manage any other busi-
ness of this Government in the same way that
Indian affairs are managed. Suppose the in-
ternal revenue was collected through the War
Department and the Treasury Department,
each Department working at cross purposes
with the other, what would be the result? That
condition of things would present no more
inconsistency than we see now iu the Indian
service.
Your appropriation bills are pried up here
mountain high, and you say that the task of
reducing them and of having peace ii^the In-
dian country is a hopelsss one, and yet yon
propose no remedy. Men of experience" a d
of high character who have investigated th 
subject-^Army officers-!—tell you that if you
give them power to carry your treaties int®
effect they can have peace. I say now is the
time to make the experiment, and I hope to
get a square vote on this proposition.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
I have very distinct notions about this meas-
ure ; but this is not the time to express them.
I submit, whether it is a prudent thing, with
only eleven days of this session left within
which to pass every important appropriation
bill whieh is to be submitted to this Congress,
for gentlemen to feel at' liberty to put their
individual notions, whether germane or not, in
the shape of amendments to important appro-
priation bills ? That is what this movement is.
The Senator from Nevada knows that this ia
not a new question here. It has been settled
against his notions twice within a very few
years; and now to present it as an amendment
to this bill is to sink it, and, more than that,
it is to peril every bill that is behind it.
Charged here, sir, with carrying the appro-
priation bills through, I ask how it is to be
done if gentlemen feel at liberty on every
appropriation bill to rise and move their own
peculiar notions of general legislation ? If that
is to be done on every bill, I ask how the
Committee on Appropriations are to carry
through the $300,000,000 that lie back of us,
and which are necessary to sustain the Govern-
ment? Sir, is it not trifling to make sueh
motions as this at this hour in the day ? I
ask the Senate if they expect me to carry
through these appropriation bills if such gen-
eral legislation is to be moved upon them.
Keep it off, and I will make every effort day
and night to get the appropriation bills through;
but if you do not do that I shall consider
myself absolved from any responsibility for the
failure which is inevitable.
Mr. President, I do not discuss the merits
of this matter. There is a great deal to be
said on both sides of that question, but this is
not the time for that discussion. To under-
take to incorporate general legislation in these
bills is to sink them and throw them over into
the next session. I ask for a vote.
Mr. STEWART. I undertake to say that I
am not trifling in this matter. I am in earnest
about it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Undoubtedly.
Mr. STEWART. I have a right to offer the
proposition. The objection that it will impede
legislation is not well founded. The proposi-
tion whieh I offer is a bill which has gone
through the House of Representatives. It is
not my individual opinion. It is the opinion
of the other House, of the President-elect, of
the Army, and of experienced men who have
lived in the Indian country.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
ought to know that it is not a decorous thing
to talk about the opinions of the President-
elect in the Senate of the United States.
Mr. STEWART. I think when the Presi-
dent-elect has an opinion on a question of this
kind, whieh is recorded in a public report, I
have a right to refer to it and read from it.
That is all I have done.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then he was
General Grant.
Mr. STEWART. Well, I will say General
Grant. I move to amend by striking oat
"the President-elect" and inserting " General
Grant." That will suit me just as well. You
have General Grant's report; you have Gen-
eral Sherman's report to the same effect, and it
is backed up by the common sense of the thing,
that two Departments cannot manage this In-
dian business. Everybody must see that to at-
tempt to manage it by two Departments must
result in failure. The true remedy has been
pointed out by eminent men, and it is embodied
in this proposition. It has already been passed
by the House of Representatives, so that by
adding it on this bill the appropriation bill will
not be delayed. The other House will concur
! in it at once, It is not like unconsidered general
