m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Counting Electoral Vote—Mr, McGormicli.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
that either House should take advantage of its
power under this rule, and persistently refuse
to count the vote of a sufficient number of
States, to defeat the choice of the people.
Would not that involve the country in immi-
nent peril. I assert the Constitution grants
to Congress no such powers, and whenever^ it
is exercised it is a usurpation which from its
very nature must tend to anarchy and the sub-
version of our institutions. But we are told
that some such rule as this is necessary to en-
able Congress to reject the vote of a State
when cast in opposition to the will of the peo-
ple. To this it may be answered, the right
to secure a fair expression of the people of a
State, to decide who are chosen electors for
a State, and to correct irregularities of elec-
tions in a State is by the Constitution secured
to the States themselves. The Constitution
provides:
"Each State shall appoint, in such manner as the
Legislature thereof may direct, a number of electors
equal to the whole number of Senators and llepre-
sentatives to which the State may be entitled m the
Congress."
Here the whole matter of choosing electors
is left to the States, and for the best of reasons.
Is it probable that Congress, composed of
members from all the States, should be more
capable to judge of the will of the people of
a State than are the electors coming from the
State and chosen by the people of the State ?
Suppose a State is politically opposed to the
majority in Congress and stands in a feeble
minority, are its rights and privileges more
safely lodged in the hands of such Congress than
in its own? I assert Congress has'no power
under the Constitution to reject the vote of
any State; the exercise of such power may
endanger the existence of the Republic, and
to prevent which tiie Constitution declares ''the
\oie.shall be eountcd."
But suppose a State fallen under the domina-
tion of political taction which by corrupt legis-
lation has disfranchised the majority, whereby
electors have been chosen whom the people in-
tended to reject, has Congress no power to
light this wrong, by rejecting the vote thus
fraudulently obtained ? I answer, no. The peo-
ple thus unfortunately situated must look for
ledressto thejudiciary oftheircountry. Again,
suppose the people of a State to have chosen
electors who have, corruptly cast the vote of
the State in opposition to the will of the peo-
ple, has Congress no power to reject such
vote? The answer still is, no; and although
the courts CMnnot redress this wrong, and the
people are without remedy, it'is better they
should suffer the pen.di / of their own folly in
electing unfaithful men to ofhce than that Con-
gress should be clothed with apower the proper
exercise of which may rediess the wrongs of
a State, but the abuse of which might outrage
the rights of a nation. I am now speaking of
electoral votes cast in conformity to the re-
quirements of the Constitution. It is thus, I
assert, Congress has no power to reject.
I propose next to consider what constitutes
an electoral vote under the Constitution. That
instrument provides :
'"file electors shall meet in their respective States
ami vote bv ballot for President and Vice President,
one of whom at least shall not be an inhabitant ot
the same .State with themselves ; they shall name in
their ballots the person voted for as President and
in distinct ballots the person voted for as Vice Presi-
dent, and thev shall make distinctlistsof all persons
voted for as President and of all persons voted for as
Vice Presidentand of the numbers of votes for each,
which lists they shall sign and certify and transmit
seated to theseatof (jovernmentof theUnitedStates,
directed to tho President of the Senate. The Presi-
dent ot the Senate shall in the presence of the Sen-
are and House ot representatives open ail the cer-
titieates, and the votes shall then be counted."
From this it appears that a separate list must
be made for each person voted for, in which
"hall appear the name of the person voted for,
the State of which he is an inhabitant, the office
for which he has been voted, the' number of
votes he received, and by a comparison of the
lists it must appear that the electors have voted
for a President and Vice President, one of
whom at least is not an inhabitant of the same
State with themselves. The lists must bear the
signatures and certificates of the electors.
In addition to this I believe the laws of most
of the States require the secretary under the
seal of the State to certify to certain facts, as
that the persons whose names and certificates
are hereunto attached are the persons legally
chosen and qualified to act as electors for the
State. The lists thus made, signed, and cer-
tified constitute an electoral vote which .must
be counted. Bat suppose the lists purporting
to be the electoral vote of a State show the
vote for President and Vice President to have
been cast for persons both of whom were
inhabitants of the same State with the electors
themselves, or that a vote five times_ as great
as that to which the State was entitled has
been cast, such returns cannot be counted,
because the evidence of their unconstitution-
ality is borne on their face. It therefore is the
duty of Congress to reject such vote ; but in-
formality in the returns, not affecting the elec-
tion itself, are not cause for rejecting the vote;
for instance, the name of a person voted for
has been misspelt or the date of the return
shows the election not to have been held on
the day required by law, these being no part
of the election cannot invalidate the election
returns. These are questions coming properly
under the jurisdiction of Congress, because the
returns themselves furnish the evidence by
which Congress is enabled to judge of their
character. But I deny the power of Congress
to go behind the returns and look into the
elections of the States at which the electors
were chosen with a view to ascertain the val-
idity of the electoral vote, because the Consti-
tution provides the electors shall be appointed
in such manner as the Legislatures of each
State may direct. The action of electors so
appointed when in conformity with the Consti-
tution is a finality. To this I may add that
the brief period which is to elapse frtjm the
opening of the electoral vote until the inaugu-
ration of the President wholly precludes the
possibility of Congress investigating the legal-
ity of a State election.
In the discussion of this subject considerable
has been said as to who shall count the vote.
This, I think, is a question of minor import-
ance, and on which the Constitution is silent.
Congress may devolve that duty upon the Pres-
ident of the Senate alone, as he is made by the
Constitution the recipient, the custodian, and
the person to open the returns, or it may be
devolved upon the President of the Senate and
the Speaker of the House jointly, or on a com-
mittee of both Houses, as is now the case : but
in either event Congress ordinarily is a silent
spectator of the transaction, a mere witness of
the procedure ; it is only when on the face of
the returns a palpable defect is apparent, a
manifest violation of the Constitution is evi-
dent, that Congress may act while the vote is
being counted, and its action must then be
confined to these questions alone. After the
vote has been counted nothing remains for
Congress to do but to hear the results an-
nounced, except when the result shows no per-
son to have received a majority of all the votes
cast. In this event the House of Representa-
tives becomes the principal actor, and imme-
diately proceeds to elect a President and Vice
President for the United States. Having briefly
attempted to show the duties and power of
Congress in dealing with the electoral vote of
the States, I now propose to show wherein it
has transcended its powers in this matter.
It will be remembered in the recent joint
session of the two Houses, when the vote of
Louisiana was announced, the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Mui/lins] moved to reject the
vote of that State, giving as a reason for his
motion that no legal election had been held in
Louisiana. The motion was entertained by the
Pi e^-ling Officer, and the t'.vo Houses separated
to consider the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee. No witness was examined, not a
word of testimony introduced in support of the
motion, and yet when the question was put to
the House of Representatives, " Shall the vote
of Louisiana be rejected ?" sixty-one members
voted in the affirmative.
An attempt to exclude the electoral vote of
a State upon ex parte evidence would be a vio-
lation of every rule of law and equity; but to.
attempt it without evidence, as was done in
the House of "Representatives, was a disgrace
to the nation. Scarcely had the vote of Lou-
isiana been disposed of when the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] following
in the wake of the gentleman from Tennessee,
introduced a similar motion in reference to the
vote of Georgia, notwithstanding tho vote of
that State had been disposed of by a joint
resolution of both Houses some days before the
electoral vote was opened or the contents of the
returns from Georgia known. The Presiding
Officer entertained this motion also; where-
upon the two Houses again separated to take
into consideration the motion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts. In this case the Senate
decided to be governed by the joint resolution
adopted by both Houses in reference to the
vote of that State, while the House by an over-
whelming majority decided to reject the vote
in total. In this condition of affairs the two
Houses met. The President of the Senate,
upon taking the chair, declared the resolution
introduced by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts out of order, although an hour before he
had entertained a similar motion made by the
gentleman from Tennessee, which had been
rejected by both Houses, while the resolution
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts
had been sustained by the House of Represent-
atives.
The President of the Senate, sustained by
the Senate, determined the vote of Georgia
should be dealt with in conformity to the joint
resolution adopted in reference thereto. The
gentleman from Massachusetts, sustained by
his friends in the House, determined the action
of the House upon hisresolution should be sus-
tained, claiming that under the twenty-second
rule the vote of no State could be counted ex-
cept by the concurrence of both Houses, and
that so long as the House objected the vote
for President and Vice President could not
i>e announced The President of the Senate
determined that the vote should then be an-
nounced, and so ordered. The gentleman from
Massachusetts with his friends determined that
the vote should not be announced exceptbythe
concurrence of the House. And here com-
menced a scene in the House of Representa-
tatives which every good citizen must contem-
plate with feelings of regret. The gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] in his sub-
sequent remarks before the House, character-
ized the action of the President of the Senate as a
violation of the rights of the House under the
twenty second rule, and that it was the duty of
the House to resist the aggresssion, because if
this precedent is established the Senate may,
independent of the House and in opposition to
the judgment of the House, declare in the future
who may fill the office of President, leaving the
House nothing but the sacred right of revolu-
tion by which to redress the wrong. What are
we to conclude from such arguments as these?
Simply this: if the Senate rejects the vote of a
State, and that rejection is concurred in by the
House, the action is legi Innate; but if not con-
curred in by the House and persisted in by the
Senate, it is an outrage which may justify rev-
olution.
Mr. Chairman, there is 110 power in either
House, nor in the joint session of both Houses,
to reject the electoral vote of any State when
cast in conformity to the Constitution. The
enactment of any law, the passage of any joint
resolution, or the adoption of any joint rule
conferring such power on either or both Houses
