1378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
legislation, and if the Senate adopts it it will
not delay the bill a moment.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to know
what the Senator means by trying to appeal to
the action of the House of Representatives in
order to control the action of this body. He
has no riglit to do that, or to appeal to the
action of any other Department, or to any man,
whether President-elect or not.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr.POMEROY. Idonotcareaboutdismiss-
ing the matter, but I simply wished to remind
the Senate that if anything is clearly laid down
in our rules it is that to threaten this House by
the action of the other is unparliamentary and
out of order.
Mr. STEWART. I beg pardon of the Sen-
ator. I have not threatened this House with
the action of the other. I merely mentioned the
fact that the bill which I now offer as an amend-
ment to this bill had passed the other House
to show that its adoption here would not em-
barrass legislation. I believe it is not improper
to state in this House the fact that a bill has
passed the other House. I believe that is done
constantly. The only allusion I have made to
the other House is to the fact that they had
passed the bill after consideration. I referred
to it simply to show that this is not anew ques-
tion. This is as matured a proposition on the
subject as you will ever get. I want a vote.
Mr. MORTON. I shall vote against this
amendment, not as expressing any opinion
upon its merits, but feeling that it has no busi-
ness here at this time and in this place.
Several Senators. That is it.
The PRESIDENT pj-o/ern^we. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. STEWART called for the yeas and nays:
and they wore ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish merely to say that
I concur entirely in what has been said by the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.]
Mr. SHERMAN. So do I. lam very much
in favor of this proposition; but to put it on
this bill would be, it seems to me, an act of
folly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As gentlemen arc giving
their opinions, I wish to say that I have been
hitherto against making this change, which is
really nothing but a matter of detail and just
as appropriate in this bill as it would be in a
separate bill by itself. It relates to the man-
agement of the very funds we are appropriating
by this bill I have voted on one or two occa-
sions against making the change on the argu-
ment then adduced; but observation has con-
vinced me that I voted wrong, and I intend to
take the earliest opportunity, which seems to
be this one, to change my vote and vote in
favor of the proposition offered by the Senator
from Nevada as an amendment to this bill.
The experience of tho last two years in deal-
ing with the Indians, since attention has been
drawn to it, the report of all the officers of the
Army, I believe, who have been intrusted with
the execution of some parts of the Indian af-
fairs, recommend it; and the reason of the
thing, it appears to mo, is now in its favor.
This Indian business used to be managed by
the War Department, always I believe with
success, until the Interior Department was
created, when, as a matter of etiquette and to
find something for the Interior Department to
do, it was passed over to that Department; and
the management of the Indians and the dis-
position of the bounties to them have been loft
to civilians, and the consequence is that it has
become a source of infinite corruption; it is a
sore on the body-politic ; it stinks in the nostrils
of the whole nation, and everybody knows it.
I do not by that mean to say that Senators
who think the best way is to have it managed
by civilians are in favor of the corruptions that
exist in the Department. I dare say they de-
sire to seal them. But let us try the experi-
ment ol putting the administration of these
affairs into the hands of officers of the Army,
who are the permanent agents of the Govern-
ment, who have an esprit du corps, which cer-
tainly tends—as we all know from our observa-
tion of their disbursements of public money—
and strongly tends to keep up their moral char-
acter and to preclude much probability of pecu-
lation.
I do not want to occupy time ; but I felt
bound to say thus much in explanation of my
vote.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to make two re-
marks. One is, that I concur in nearly every-
thing the Senator from Vermont has said. The
other is, that I think the fact is appropriate to
be stated, to be considered, and to be acted
upon, that the House of Representatives has
already laid upon the table of this body a meas-
ure showing its concurrence in the amendment
which the Senator from Nevada uow submits.
I shall therefore vote for it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I vote against this
amendment because lam opposed to the prop-
osition itself; but I have not been able to see
that the Senator from Nevada is liable to the
criticisms that have been made on him because
he has offered this amendment. A very large
portion of the legislation of the last few years
is found in appropriation bills. But I think it
would be an evil to transfer this service to the
War Department; and instead of agreeing with
the Senator from Vermont I believe the very
opposite. I believe that within the last six
years there have been more frauds in the Army
service than in all the other Departments of
the Government put together; and I think the
records of Congress prove the fact. The com-
missions appointed to investigate contracts con-
nected with the Army have developed more
fraud than perhaps all the rest of the public
service put together.
The difficulty under which we labor is in the
nature of the business, and not from the char-
acter of the men who have been appointed to
office in the Indian service during the last few
years, for I think the Indian agents are just as
honest as quartermasters and commissaries.
Instead of this being a measure of economy
and of retrenchment, my opinion is that if the
War Department manages our Indian affairs
they will cost six times as much as now. I
have no doubt it is an experiment, and a very
dangerous one to be made now when the Treas-
ury is as much burdened as it is to place this
service under a Department that in all Govern-
ments is the most expensive of all departments.
There is no Government in the world where the
military service is not more expensive than any
other part of the public service. I have no
expectation that Indian affairs will be conducted
upon any more economical plan and policy
when they are put under the charge of the War
Department.
Mr. WARNER. I simply desire to say that
I oppose the proposition of the Senator from
Nevada either in this bill or in any other bill.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply wish to say that
the Committee on. Indian Affairs have reported
a substitute for the House bill on this subject,
which Senators perhaps have not considered,
and which we desire to have considered when
the question comes up properly before us. We
have not the time on this bill to discuss this
question, and therefore I shall avoid any
expression of opinion upon it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to express my
concurrence in tho views expressed by the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hesdricks.J I
believe that the error is in the system ; that
no Administration, however honest and pure,
can make a system which is itself impure
honest and pure. I believe there is as much
propriety in transferring the business of the
Treasury Department or the Navy Depart-
ment or the State Department to the War
Department as in transferring the Bureau of
Indian Affairs to the War Department. Let
anybody examine the records, as the Senator
from Indiana has well observed, of the claims
growing out of the war—I have a dozen of
them now under investigation on my table—
and he will find that frauds have crept into
that Department which will not bear the light of
day. 1 trust that instead of this wholesale
condemnation of the Indian management, al-
though it is wrong, some attention will be
bestowed upon the system itself; upon the
manner and force of the legislation upon which
this administration is maintained.^ The fault
is in the system and in the legislation, and not
in the authority and the administration.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Conkling, Edmunds,
Eessenden, Grimes, Harris, Howe, Morgan, and Stew-
art—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Doo-
little, Efelinghuysen, Harlan, Hendricks,McCreery,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Norton, Osbora, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy. Pool, Ram-
sey, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Saulsbnry, Sawyer,
Sprague, Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Vickers, Warner, Welch, Willey, Williams, and
Wilson—36.
ABSENT —Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Buokalcw,
Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Oonness, Dixon, Drake,
Ferry, Eowler, Henderson, Howard, Kellogg, Nye,
Sherman, Spencer, Tipton, Wade, Whyte, and
Yates—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed and the bill read a third time ; the
bill was read the third time, and passed.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1060) to reduce into one
act and to amend the laws reiating to internal
taxes was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
order of business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1666, to repeal the act to regulate the tenure
of certain civil offices.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. I want to
finish the judiciary bill now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us take this up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not want to take
it up until we get through with the other ; but
I think the other will not take long. We had
it up this morning.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And we had up the ten-
ure-of-office bill the other morning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know; but we had
the other up to-day, and I hope the Senator
will let us finish that hill and send it over to
the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope my friend from
Illinois and the Senate will let us finish this
tenure-of-office bill one way or the other. It
is duo to the friends of the House bill; it is
due to the friends of the amendment; it is
due to everybody, to have it disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is no more due to
dispose of that than anything else.
Mr. SUMNER. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator from Vermont whether he expects to pro-
ceed with it now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I expect to get it up now ;
and then if the Senate is willing to sit here and
consider it, very well; I am ready to proceed ;
or if tho Senate wishes to adjourn, very well.
Mr. SUMNER. The point to which I wish
to call attention is this: the Senator from
Michigan, notnowinhisseat, [Mr. Chandler,]
moved, yesterday I think, that this evening be
set apart for bills reported by his committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN and others. That has
been reconsidered.
Mr. SUMNER. Senators say it has been
reconsidered. I understand that the motion for
a recess was reconsidered; but if we sit this
evening, will not the evening belong to the Com-
mittee on Commerce? I should say it would,
according to the understanding in advance.
Mr. CORBETT. Thatwastheunderstanding.
Mr. SUMNER. It certainly was the under-
standing.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think we might as
well adjourn, and therefore I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
. Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us dispose of the
question whether we will take up this bill or
not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
