1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Contested Election—Mr. Pettis.
Ho. of Reps.
of Congress are alike unconstitutional, null,
and void. It is not the recent action of the
Presiding Officer of the Senate that should be
so much condemned, but it is the action of
Congress itself in reference to the electoral
vote of the States of Louisiana and Georgia
that merits our unqualified condemnation. The
whole proceeding was a partisan measure
whereby a precedent has been set which a
future Congress availing itself of may reject
the electoral vote of a number of States suf-
ficient to defeat the choice of the people and
elevate to the Presidency a creature of its own
power.
These unwarranted acts of Congress are
but a part of a wide system of partisan legis-
lation which has afflicted the country for sev-
eral years past. The repeated reconstruction
acts of Congress have had for their object the
maintenance of political power. The enfran-
chisement of the negro and thef disfranchise-
ment of the white race have had for their
object the maintenance of political power
The denial of certain States the right to par-
ticipate in the late presidential election and
the rejection of the electoral vote of another
State have had for their object the mainte-
nance of political power. The enactment of
a law regulating the tenure of civil offices and
the impeachment of the President, have bad for
their object the maintenance of political power.
And because the Constitution has interposed
its authority to prevent these aggressions of
party it, too, has been made to run the gauntlet
of every Congress in order that it be tortured
into conformity with the requirements of party.
Mr. Chairman, the signs of the times do not
warrant the belief that this Republic is to be
of long duration ; our institutions cannot live
under these repeated innovations : we must
stop the one or bid adieu to the other.
Contested-Election (Jase.
SPEECH OF HON. S. N. PETTIS,
of pennsylvania,
In the House op Representatives,
February 18 and 20, 1869.
The House having under consideration the con-
tested-eleetion cape of Chaves vs. Clever, from the
Territory of Sew Mexico—
Mr. PETTIS said:
Mr. Speaker: I have no ambition that seeks
gratification by unnecessarily trespassing upon
the time and patience of my associates here,
and especially when the consideration of ques-
tions of vital importance to the people and j
the country are demanding the attention of jl
Congress, and my apology for what might ■
under other circumstances be considered an
obtrusion is found in the fact that the rela-
tion which I sustain to the report, now under i
consideration makes it proper that I should ask !
the indulgence of the House for a short tune.
This subject embraces the old question of
wrong by which our fathers were oppressed,
and involves the invasion or protection of the
dearest interests that belong to an American
citizen, his personal, political rights. The
charge that the contestant makes is, that by
fraud and violence he has been deprived of a
seat in this House in consequence of the false
and fraudulent return of votes by bad men to
the territorial olficials of New Mexico, and his
people denied a representation upon this floor
by ihe representative of their choice. This
is denied by the sitting Delegate, and thus the
issue formed between the parties to this contest.
Tne testimony in the case is voluminous, and
upon it and the law bearing upon the contro-
versy the parties and their counsel were fully
heaid.
Of the 17,00(1 votes east, as returned to the
secretary of the Territory, it appeared from the
abstracts and poll-books forwarded by the pro-
hate judges of the various counties that the
sitting Delegate had received a majority of 540,
and upon that showing a certificate of election
was given to him, and upon ithe was admitted to
a seat upon this floor. The contestant, Colonel
Chaves, anticipating that result, after learning
that Mr. Clever had received the certificate of
election, gave notice of the contest and pro-
ceeded to make up his case, which is now here
for final decision. _ He alleged, and the testi-
mony shows, that in some precincts the poll-
books were altered and changed, by which in
some instances Mr. Clever's vote was mate-
rially increased; and in others the contestant's
vote was greatly reduced in fraud of his rights
and in violation of law. It is true that such
charges were and are of a grave character, and
the committee gave the whole subject that care-
ful consideration that its importance demanded.
In the county of Rio Arriba, at the precinct of
Tierra Amarilla, it is alleged that 464 votes
were polled, of which Mr. Clever received 452
and Mr. Chaves 12. That state of facts is set
forth by the poll-book of that precinct. Col-
onel Chaves maintains that the poll-book falsi-
fies the facts, and that only 80 votes were cast
at that precinct, of which he received 12 and
Mr. Clever 68.
Felipe Madrid, one of the clerks of the elec-
tion, and Francisco Martin Y. Sanches, one
of the judges, testify that 464 votes were polled,
of which Mr. Clever received 452 and Mr.
Chaves 12.
Juan Ygnacio Miera and Eliseo Salazar de-
pose and say that only 80 or 82 votes were
polled, of which Mr. Clever received 68 and
Colonel Chaves received 12. Miera was an
educated man, and, as he testifies, was present
and an attentive observer of the election dur-
ing the whole day, and saw the votes counted
and heard the result announced that I have
already stated.
Biiseo Salazar testifies to the same effect.
He was a candidate for the office of senator,
and was present from the casting of the third
or fourth ballot: was at the table at which the
votes were received the whole day; kept a
tally-list of the votes polled, and that when
the polls closed heard the judges and secreta-
ries announce that Mr. Clever had received 08
votes, and Colonel Chaves 12 votes.
The credibility of the statement of Felipe
Madrid is questioned by the testimony of Rafael
Sovats, who states that he saw him a day or
two after the election coming with the ballot-
box and poll-books from Tierra Amarilla to the
county seat, and that iie told liiui that the num-
ber of votes cast at that precinct was 82, of
which Mr, Clever had received 68 votes and I
Colonel Chaves 12. i
The credibility of the statement of Francisco i
Martin Y. Sanches, one of the judges, is im- j
peached by the testimony of Major Jose D. ]
Sena, sheriff of the county of Sante F6,vriio tes- '
titles that shortly after the election Francisco ;
Martin Y. Sanchez, the judge of election, and j
who testifies on behalf of Mr. Clever, told him ;
that to the best of his recollection the number |
of votes cast at Tierra Amarilla did not exceed j
100; and yet this man testified six months after- j
ward that 464 were polled at that, precinct. It ;
would appear, therefore, that the preponder- j
ance of testimony as between those witnesses— ,
two on each side—is in favor of Mr. Chaves, as j
the veracity of his witnesses has not been qnes- \
tioned. And then there is evidence corrobor- j
ating the testimony of the contestant's two wit- j
nesses that goes a great way toward establish- I
ing the position claimed by Colonel Chaves. ;
At the election held at this precinct, the year I
previous for county officers and members of the i
Legislature only 37 votes were polled, and the j
year following the election now in controversy
the registration list of this precinct, shows only ;
lit) legal votes ; yet, the returns of this election j
held during the intermediate year exhibit, about
four times the number registered the next suc-
ceeding vcar.
The poll book of this precinct will not bear
inspection. The names of the two clerks of
the election, Felipe Madrid and Miguel Gal-
legos. are signed very differently on the last
page to the certificate from what they are on
the first page to the oath. The name of the
latter on the first page is written "migelle-
ga's,!' on the last to the certificate, it is written
Miguel " Gallegus," and it is apparent that on
each page the same person wrote the names ;
or, in other words, that one person wrote the
two names on one page, and some other per-
son the two names on the other page. And it
is strikingly obvious that the name pretending
to be that of Miguel Gallegos was written by
different persons on the different pages. This
is demonstrated by the difference both in pen-
manship and orthography ; and a strong cir-
cumstance going to show that he did not in
either case write the name purporting to be
his signature is found in the fact that this name
is not properly spelled in either instance, and
it is a rational presumption that, a man knows
how to spell his own name. In this point of
view the poll-book wears the appearance ot
having been foully handled.
The clerk of the judge of probate, who ap-
pears to have been a friend to Mr. Clever in
the election, testifies that the poll-book of this
precinct was made, and the leaves stitched
together just as they now are, when he sent it
to the precinct; but an inspection of the poll-
book indicates clearly that such could not have
been the case, for it was manifestly stitched
together after the names had been recorded
and the figures designating the respective num-
bers of the votes had been written, as the
stitches in some instances pass through the
first figure of the respective numbers, indicat-
ing that the poll-book had been tampered with
after it left the hands of the officers of the elec-
tion, that votes had been fraudulently added,
or that the poll-book had been reconstructed
or fabricated entire and the names and figures
written therein before it was sewed together
and after it had passed into the hands of the
judge of probate, or at least that the votes
and figures therein recorded were not written
during the election, as the figures could not
have been so written while the book was in this
manner stitched.
A circumstance going strongly to corrobo-
rate or strengthen the witnesses of Mr. Chaves
in their statement that there were only 80 votes
polled for Delegate at this precinct is to be
found in the fact that the other party has failed
to take the testimony of Miguel Galligos, the
clerk of election, whose name on the pol!-
book was evidently twice forged, and also t.lio
testimony of Bernardo Sanches and Juan Lope;;,
who were judges of the election. If it were
true that 464 votes had been polled, a? alleged.
Mr. Clever might, by bringing those men for-
w.ud. have bad five witnesses to the fact, and
the presumption is that their depositions were
not taken because they could not conscien-
tiously testify that 404 votes were polled. Mr.
Clever is left to rely for proof of his large vote
at this precinct on the manifestly unfair poll-
book and the witnesses, whose testimony is
somewhat discredited, and who are contradicted
by two other witnesses whose veracity stands
nnimpeached, and who testify that there were
only 80 votes polled for Delegate at this pre-
cinct, of which 68 were for Mr. Ciever and 12
for Mr. Chaves.
A careful examination of the poll-books ol
this precinct, and an analysis ot the testimony
on both sides, taken in connection with cor-
roborating circumstances, leave no doubt of
the correctness of the witnesses Juan Ygnacio
Mierroand Eliseo Salazar, who testify that only
80 votes were east, tor Delegate at Tierra Ama-
rilla : and that being the case, Mr. Chaves be-
comes entitled to a credit of 384 votes which
were improperly anil unlawfully counted for
Mr. Clever. Beyond that, I would say that I
have no doubt that the whole poll-book is a
