428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 18,
week may abandon its national bank charter
and commence businesses a State bank, I wish
the country to know that before they can do
tbat they must return every dollar of circulation
they hare received, or, if they fail to return the
exact circulation they have received, they must
return an equal amount of legal-tender notes
for that circulation. I want tbat to go out in
connection with the other facts stated, so that
there may be bo uneasiness in the mind of any
man, whether in the mercantile community or
otherwise. When .a national bank abandons
its charter it mast return to the Treasury of the
United States every dollar of circulation it
received in the notes which it received or ,in
legal-tender notes of an equal amount, and
when that is known to the country then there
will be no uneasiness or agitation in reference
to this matter at all.
I regret, Mr. Speaker, that I have not an
opportunity in reference to this resolution to
say something in defense of the Comptroller of
the Currency, if, indeed, he needs any. He is
executing the law as it stands. I do not object
to the resolution, but I do object to instructing
him to do what the law compels him to do ; and
that no one knows better than my friend from
Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Wehave
already taken up too much time with this reso-
lution. The law does not compel him to do it;
but he is authorized to do it, and notcompelled.
A single word as to the vexed question of
the exchange of banks. While the law com-
pels the money to be returned, they have a
right to a year to return it; and they make this
change in view of getting into liquidation so as
to get out of the laws of tlie United States
when specie payment is resumed. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. BARNES. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for three minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I decline
to yield further.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
•was adopted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
w. w. corcoran.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to report, from the Committee on Appropria-
tions, a joint resolution in relation to the lands
and other property of W. W. Corcoran, of the
District of Columbia, used by the United States
Government during and since the war of the
rebellion.
The joint resolution, which was read, in-
structs the Secretary of the Treasury to with-
hold any and all payments of money for the use
of lands and buildings in the District supposed
to belong to the saidW. W. Corcoran and taken
possession of by the War Department during
and since the rebellion for national purposes
until the further action of Congress.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the rules be
suspended to allow me to report that joint res-
olution, and in order that it may be put on its
passage at this time.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD, from the Committee on
Appropriations, then reported a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 418) in relation to the lands
and other property of W. W. Corcoran, in the
District of Columbia, used by the United States
Government during the war of the rebellion ;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. SCOFIELD demanded the previous
question on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question wasleconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBMC LANDS.
Mr. CHURCHILL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back a letter from the
Secretary of War, transmitting a list of public
lands held, &e., under act of March 30, 1868,
and moved that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Revision of Laws of the United States.
The motion was agreed to.
charles maus.
On motion of Mr. MILLER, the Committee
011 Invalid Pensions was discharged from the
further consideration of the papers in the case
of Charles Maus, of Lewisburg, Pennsylvania;
and the same were referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions and the War of 1812.
new york elections.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Irise to submit a report
from the Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman to yield to me for the purpose of sub-
mitting a resolution.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to submit the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved. That the Committee on Alleged Election
Frauds in New York be, and hereby is, authorized to
report at any time.
Mr. BROOKS. I object.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I hope the
gentleman will not insist on his objection.
Mr. BROOKS. We will have inextricable
confusion if every committee is allowed to
report at any time.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I give notice
that when I get the floor I shall move to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of introducing
this resolution.
virginia anb texas.
Mr. BOUTWELL, from the Committee on
Reconstruction, reported back Senate joint
resolution No. 173, respecting the provisional
governments of Virginia and Texas, with an
amendment.
The joint resolution provides that all persons
now holding civil offices in the provisional
governments of Virginia and Texas who cannot
take and subscribe the oath prescribed by the
act entitled ''An act to prescribe an oath of
office, and for other purposes," approved July
2, 18C2, shall on the passage of this resolution
be removed therefrom; and it shall be the
duty of the district commander to fill all va-
cancies so created by the appointment of per-
sons who can take such oath.
The amendment was read as follows:
Add as follows:
Provided, Tbat the provisions of this act shall not
apply to persons who by reason of the removal of
their disabilities, as provided in the fourteenth
ainendmert of the Constitution, shall have qualified
for any offico in puisuance of the act entitled "An
act prescribing an oath of office for persons from
whom legal disabilities shall have been removed,"
approved July II, 1868: And provided further, That
this act shall not take effect until thirty days from
and after its passage.
Mr. BOUTWELL demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to; and the joint
resolution, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
^ SUFFRAGE.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I purpose on Saturday
next, if the business of the House will permit,
immediately after the reading of the Journal,
to call up the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bill to amend the Constitution in
relation to suffrage was recommitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary, for the purpose
of beginning the debate and pressing the bill to
a vote, if possible, as early as Tuesday next.
mr. wells's report. ,
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which,
under the law, was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That in addition to the usual number of
copies of the annual report of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, together with the accompanying
tables, there be printed three thousand copies for the
use of the Commissioner and three thousand copies
for the use of the House.
new york election again.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of introducing
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Alleged Election
Frauds in New York be, and hereby is, authorized to
report at any time.
Mr. BROOKS. I withdraw my objection to
the introduction of the resolution.
The resolution was received and adopted.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before
moving to go into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union I move to suspend all
rules which require the executive, legislative,
and judicial appropriation bill to be read
through the first time.
Mr. BROOKS. Is not that an unusual pro-
ceeding ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir.
Mr. BROOKS. There has been nothing like
it in the history of the country.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is gen-
erally done by unanimous consent.
Mr. BROOKS. Therehasbeen nothing like
it in the history of the whole country. We have
allowed the gentleman to make a Navy and
Army bill at his pleasure, and now lie wants to
make one of the large general appropriation
bills.
Mr. GARFIELD. That does not waive
points of order.
The SPEAKER. It does not. They are
reserved.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I made
the motion for the purpose of accommodating
a colleague of the gentleman from New York.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 75,
noes 19; no quorum voting.
Mr. BROOKS. T will not call for the reading
of the bill; but I want to avoid this precedent.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appoint-
ed Mr. Soofield, and Mr. Trimble, of Ken-
tucky.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 86, noes 24.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
move that all general debate on the bill be
closed at four o'clock this afternoon.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote just taken ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
personal explanation.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to make a word
of explanation having reference to the Daily
Globe report of some remarks made by me on
Friday last on the subjcct of freight charges
across the Mississippi river at Dubuque. I
am made to say that—
" There is a graduated scale of tolls established for
that bridge, the minimum being less than twenty
cents per hundred, and tho maximum only reaching
seventy-seven cents per one hundred thousand.
Now, it is well known to every man who has trans-
ported any products from the East to the West, or
the West to the Ea^t, even to and from Dubuque
only.thatit has coston the average ten dollars aton."
The facts are that the minimum rate of
charges across the river by the railroad bridge
