1380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
man's amendment we shall find at the close of
a year that under existing laws, or the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.'
Blaine,] it will hare been done.
The gentleman from Massachusetts made a
most captivating argument to the House upon
the fact that the volunteer force had been sum-
marily mustered out. It is true they were, and
that no man among them complained. And I
want the regular officers who are supernumer-
aries mustered out, but I want them to be worth-
less officers, or those whom death may summon.
The volunteers were mustered out; ay, sir, and
•what hardships many of them endured and are
enduringwithuncomplaining patriotism. Look
at the men who entered in their youth the ranks
of your Army, who are to-day by reason of that
fact men without a trade at which they can
earn a competent living. Men who would have
risen from clerkships to copartners in large
houses in which they had served are to-day
without employment and seeking subordinate
positions under the Government and bearing
their wounds as certificates of the justice of
their claims. All through the million of men
mustered out, from every grad'e, from rank and
file to major general, you find men whose whole
future has been marred by their devotion to
their country; and because they bear their suf-
ferings with uncomplaining spirit it is argued
that we should rush pell-mell to the disparage-
ment of the judgment of the General of the
Army and the President-elect to muster out
those who may be the best officers of the Army
and leave those whom a year would remove
by reason of worthlessness, incompetency, or
"their vices," to quote the language of the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
I appeal to the Republican party in this
House to accept the judgment of the General
of the Army. I appeal to them that they shall
not in the last hours of this Administration and
of tins'Congress, by crude legislation, pass a
patch-work bill, made up of one clause from
one bill, another section from another bill, and
another section from a third bill, incoherent in
itself. I appeal to them, I say, that they shall
not by such legislation as that deprive Gen-
eral Grant of power to realizo his great aspi-
ration. Let us have peace. Leave to him the
power to retain soldiers enough to make the
lives of carpet-baggers safe in the wilds of
Texas. Leave to him men enough within his
control to make the hardy pioneers going to
the plains to pursue the various callings of life
as safe as they would be in their New England
or Pennsylvania homes. Trust him, I pray
you, in this matter. His administration is
pledged to economy. He may be deceived in
the civil branches of the service, and may jus-
tify errors committed by the fact that men of
more experience in civil affairs may have de-
ceived him; but in matters relating to the
Army he will bo judged absolutely by his own
conduct, for in these matters no man can give
him information. It seems to me, sir, that we
are, in adopting the amendment of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, about thwarting his
views and embarrassing him in his presiden-
tial career on the ono point upon which his
discretion and his knowledge are as absolute
as we who know him best know his integrity to
be. I thank the gentleman from Maine for his
kindness in-permitting me to give hasty expres-
sion to my views on this important subject.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
make an exceedingly brief statement to the
House in regard to three amendments upon
which separate votes have been asked. I know
the House is impatient for the vote, but not
more so than myself. The vote by which the
Committee of the Whole struck ou  the appro-
priation of §200,000 for military defenses I
hope will be non-concurred in by the House.
There_ is the greatest anxiety on the part of
the military authorities for that appropriation.
It is regarded as one which, if not retained,
will lead to the suspension of the most valu-
able topographical aad_ miaeralogical surveys
we have ever had on this continent.
In regard to the Rock Island appropriation,
it is proposed to strike out " $1,000,000 " and
insert "$50,000." I do hope that that will
not be concurred in. I have a letter from the
Secretary of War, received this morning, which
I will take the liberty to read :
Win Department.
Washington City. February 19.1869.
Deab Sir : Permit me to ask your special attention
to the estimates sent from this Department for the
Rock Island bridge and water-power. Those esti-
mates are necessary to carry out contracts and en-
gagements entered into by this Department in pur-
suance of acts of Congress. A failure of the appro-
pria tion asked for would seriously affect the interests
of the Government and of private parties.
Yours, very truly,
J. M. SCHOFIELD.
Secretaru of War.
Hon. J. G. Blaine, M. C.
I do hope the House will reverse, that vote ;
and I call the attention of gentlemen from the
East to the fact—and I certainly would not
obtrude any sectional consideration here—that
this is almost the only great work of public
improvement for which the Government has
made appropriations for that vast Mississippi
valley in which at least twelve or fifteen mil-
lions of our citizens are interested. And the
whole of this appropriation, what has been and
what is now proposed, is a small thing in com-
parison with that which has been expended in
almost every one of the old States, from Maine
to Georgia inclusive.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman yield
for a question? I desire to call attention to
the fact that although the gentleman says the
Secretary of War asks for this appropriation,
it has been asked for not upon the ground of
public necessity, but upon the ground of in-
ternal improvement. A million dollars 
Mr. BLAINE. I bog the gentleman's par-
don. The Secretary of War does not ask for
that.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me finish my sentence.
A portion of it, I was about to say, is asked for
on the ground of internal improvement, or the
improvement of the Mississippi river, and the
balance of it for the purpose of building a dun-
geon or guard-house at Rock Island, and a resi-
dence for the commandant there, as well as for
the purpose of erecting buildings for store-
rooms, itec., -when we have twenty-seven arse-
nals for that purpose already in the country.
Mr. BLAINE. I wantto correct thegentle-
man. The Secretary of War says nothingabout
internal improvement. He says these estimates
are necessary to carry out a contract entered
into by the Department in pursuance of an act
of Congress, and I submit that this is not a
question merely of discretion. I would be will-
ing to vote for the appropriation if it were
merely that—if it were simply whether or not
it is expedient to make an appropriation. But
beyond and above that it is a question of abso-
lute good faith or bad faith.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman in-
form the House whether the Secretary of War
has said anything except what appears in the
estimate?
Mr. BLAINE. I have just read a letter
from the Secretary of War.
Mr. PRICE. Send it to the desk and let us
hear it again.
Mr. STEVENS. Let us have the yeas and
nays on this question.
Mr. PRICE. I want to see if the North-
west has any friends on this floor.
The Clerk read the letter of the Secretary
of War.
Mr. BENJA.MIN. I desire to know if there
is any contract existing that requires us to
expend during the next year $500,000 for the
completion of the Rock Island bridge ?
Mr. BLAINE. I say there is a contract by
which we are to build it, and if it requires
$500,000 then we are bound to appropriate
that amount.
Mr. BENJAMIN. With whom was that
contract made?
Mr. BLAINE. It was made in pursuance
of law, which I think the gentleman from Illi-
nois, in common with myself, voted for.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I did not vote for the
proposition. If'there is a contract I ask the
gentleman to state with whom it is made and
the character of it.
Mr. PILE. It is made with the railroad
company owning the present bridge. It was
made in pursuance of a joint resolution passed
by this Congress explaining and defining the
reason for the proposition, there being a ques-
tion between the erdnance department and the
railroad company that could not be adjusted
except by additional legislation.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman yield
a moment?
Mr. BLAINE. Not long.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I gee in the estimate for
this appropriation that $375,OOOare for entirely
new works, never authorized before, and in
regard to which there can be no new contract.
These are barracks, offices, and a lock-up, to
be made of Jeliet stone. Then there is another
item of $125,000 for an additional wagon-road
bridge from the Illinois side to the island.
There is one wagon-road bridge there now at
one end of the island; about two miles further
from that they ask for another. So there are
two works never authorized. Then there are
$200,000 for the continuation of the improve-
ment of the water-power. Now there possibly
may be a contract to some extent in regard to
that, but my recollection is that all that has been
done in regard to the water-power has never
been done by any continued contract, but has
been done in small jobs by the Government.
The balance, then, $500,000, is for additional
tools for the shops that we made appropria-
tions for last year, but of which none are com-
pleted. There can be no contract for that,
because we have never authorized it. Then
the only contract is for $500,000 for a bridge.
That contract to which the gentleman from
Maine alludes is not a contract for the build-
ing of a new bridge, but the law of last ses-
sion provided that the Secretary of War should
require the company to give security that when
this bridge shall be made by the United States
at a cost of $1,000,000 they will repay the
United States $500,000.
Mr. PRICE. That contract has been made.
Mr. SCOFIELD. There is no contract; I
concede that it is a question whether we shall
go on with the bridge now. I will concede that
the present bridge is probably an obstruction
to the navigation of the Mississippi river, but
I think we could stand it for another year. That
is the contract upon which the Secretary of War
must have based his letter, because there can-
not be anything else.
Mr. BLAINE. I yield for a few moments
to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Price.]
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has read from the estimate, and he
read the estimate correctly, and if that estimate
were in the billitwould bean argument against
the bill; but the estimate which the gentleman
rom Pennsylvania read from is not in the bill,
and the gentleman knows that as well as any
gentleman in this House. That part of the
estimate that refers to the prison and to the
barracks and to one or two other items that the
gentleman places special emphasis and stress
upon is not in the bill reported to the House
at all. Five hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars of that estimate is not in the bill; if it were
we could not defend it. I would be as willing
as he would be to strike it out. But that is not
in the bill, and that is a sufficient answer.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman certainly
should allow me to correct him. By the esti-
mate $800,000 is for the new bridge. The bill
appropriates only $500,000 for the bridge, so
thjit $300,000 of this reduction of the estimate
of $1,560,000 that the gentleman speaks of
comes off the bridge, and that leaves only
$250,000 to come off all these other matters.
Mr. PRICE. If the gentleman will take the
estimated cost of the prison and barracks and
other buildings that he lays so much stress on
he will find that it does not amount to $550,000,
and you have taken from the estimate $550,000,
leaving less than two thirds of the estimate.
Mr. SCOFIELD. But $300,000 of that
comes off the bridge.
