1-869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
alluded to are or maybe much less than twenty
cents per ton, and the maximum rate by eon-
tract cannot exceed seventy cents per ton,
instead of seventy-seven cents per hundred, as
stated in the Globe. The average cost of trans-
portation for a series of years by other modes
has amounted to about one dollar per ton and
not ten dollars, as stated, costing more than
one dollar per ton during the winter months,
and less during the season of navigation. The
statement as it appears in the Globe would
justify the complaints said to have been made
by a citizen of Iowa, while the facts do not
justify any complaint. I find no fault with the
reporters, as I think in ray remarks I may have
inadvertently used the word hundred instead
of ton.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
directed by the Committee on Appropriations
to report a bill (H. R. No. 1738) making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with the various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1870, and to move its reference to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and that it be ordered to be printed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to reserve all
points of order on that bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to suspend the rules, so that it may be intro-
duced free of all points of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is there not a motion
pending to go into committee?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I with-
draw that motion, as I deem this Indian appro-
priation bill important'.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules is not in order now, because the bill
is not in committee. The Committee on Ap-
propriations is authorized to report for refer-
ence only. It must be referred, and the gen-
tleman from Tennessee has a right to demand
the reading of the entire bill.
The bill was received and read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
move that the bill be made a special order in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union for Monday next, after the morning
hour.
Mr. BROOKS. I object. The object is to
suspend the rules on that day in order to dis-
pense with the reading of the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will not
move to suspend the rules in order to dispense
with the reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER. A majority of the House
can make a general appropriation bill a special
order.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The debate on the con-
stitutional amendment will come up on Monday.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
in the House, while this is in the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr, BOUTWELL. I trust no order will be
made by the House which will interfere with
the debate on the constitutional amendment
when once entered upon. It seems to me it is
a matter of such moment that we should at
least have one or two days for its consideration.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thegentle-
man'sbill is not in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. BOUTWELL. It is not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This, then,
has nothing to do with that bill.
The SPEAKER. When Monday arrives a
motion to suspend the rules is in order to go
into committee, although there may be a bill
before the House.
The motion was disagreed to.
personal explanation.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I ask unanimous con-
sent to make a personal explanation.
There was no objection.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Mr. Speaker, I am
reported in the National Intelligencer, and
other papers, as saying in the debate on the
Niagara ship-canal bill, that " I was sorry to
say that one of the Secretaries of the General
Government should so far pander to the inter-
est of the schemers as to use the reports of Mr.
Brega." I used no such language, or any lan-
guage capable of such construction in that
debate. I have always regarded the honor-
able Senator referred to by me in that debate
as incapable of such conduct or motives, and
I take this first opportunity to correct any
unfavorable impression that may have been
derived from that report.
• Mr. BANKS. I ask that a letter be read
in reference to this explanation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
the precedent of having letters read to the
House from private individuals; it would
occupy all our time. I suppose the letter
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts
is the denial of Mr. Brega that he is the agent
of the Canadian Government, and I have no
objection to that fact going upon the record,
which will answer every purpose.
Mr. BANKS. I ask that the letter be read;
it will not take a moment.
Mr. PIKE. I object,
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the rules be suspended and the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union (Mr.
Schenck in the chair) and proceeded to the
consideration of House bill No. 1673, making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1870.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the House had
ordered the first reading of the bill to be dis-
pensed with, and that the general debate should
be closed at four o'clock.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, occasionally since
holding a seat here I have objected to propo-
sitions on the ground of their unconstitutional-
ity 'without having the opportunity to state at the
time to the House iny reasons for this opinion.
Though having a clear idea of the correctness
of the position, the peculiarnature of our rules
and the bad practice of conducting business
have not allowed me the privilege of conveying
it to others.
I propose now, sir, to occupy the time allotted'
to me in an effort to explain the principles which
have governed my votes on such questions and
which shall hereafter govern them. I am con-
trolled in my conduct as a member of Congress
by certain fixed and unalterable laws, believ-
ing that we are here simply as the agents of
others; that the powers we possess are dele-
gated, not original; delegated not only because
we are the Representatives of our constituents,
but, what is far more important, delegated be-
cause they were originally derived from a source
which at the time expressly declared in terms
that they were delegated and prescribed and
restricted to certain limits within which^ they
should be exercised for certain specific objects.
I intend no personal disrespect when I say
that gentlemen appear to know little of this
theory of the Government and overlook alto-
gether the fundamental conditions upon which
a Congress of the United States was allowed
to have any existence whatever. It would bo
well if occasionally, at least, some time should
be devoted to an examination of this subject,
that the source, nature, and extent of the au-
thority vested in us should be made the sub-
ject of dispassionate reasoning, careful scru-
tiny, Hud thoughtful consideration. In the
limited time allowed me in this discussion it
would be impossible for me to do this, admit-
ting that I had the necessary abilities. It is a
great theme ; one that has employed the best
intellects in the earlier and. better days of the
Republic. At that time it was deemed so im-
portant to pufelie educationtlurtthestudent of
learning was taught it with the elements of
grammar. Nor was there any question raised
in those days as to the nature of the trust
given to the Federal Government, the only
difference of opinion being whether the Con-
stitution should be liberally or literally con-
strued. Whatever differences existed as to the
Constitution were comprehended 'within these
limits.
There were buttwo schools of political thitib-
ers, namely, the strict constitufionists and the
latitudinarians. The most daring of the latter
never declared that that instrument took from
the States or the people thereof the least con-
trol over their own domestic institutions or
elothed the Federal Govermentwith authority
over the territory of the Statesor over the vested
and private rights of the citizens acquired under
the State laws. He would have been held up
to public scorn or ridicule who would have in
either of these regards sought to subvert the
simple agency of the deleg-ated and restricted
power conferred upon Congress to a purpose
altogether at war with the designs and interests
of those who conferred thoee powers. It is not
thus now! We have no discussions of nice
distinctions of the origin and character and
limitation of the grant. The late war, which
for the time submerged every other public ques-
tion, appears to have deluged such as these,
and to have obliterated forever all such con-
siderations, leaving the Federal Government
omnipotent and all-powerful to do anything
under the sun without check or qualification.
Upon this hypothesis Congress is now acting.
"Might makes right." Whatever men want
to do this is the place where they apply for
permission to do it. Propositions are being
continually presented to each House for the
accomplishment of every conceivable selfish
object and for every possible purpose.
I am not at random in thus characterizing
what is occurring. The facts fully justity the
statement; the Journals of each House show
the record, and these records contain the evi-
dence of the prevailing spirit of the times.
Attempts are being made to use the central
authority resident here for objects outside of
our powers and which are antagonistic to the
public good, and which to grant would be a
betrayal of the rights and interests of those we
represent/ Among such schemes I class the
bills to incorporate the railroad companies with
authority to run through the States ; an act to
establish the "National Life Insurance Com-
pany of the United States," with authority to
locate itself in any State irt the Union; the
'reposition introduced in the Senate on Jan-
uary 8 for the General Government to buy up
all the cotton grown in the country ; the law
to establish the Freedmen's Bureau; the Bureau
of Education; the appropriation of money for
eleemosinary purposes; to dispense subsidies
in land, bonds, or money to railroad compa-
nies; to appropriate $5,000,000 in bonds to
the Sutro tunnel scheme ; to establish and con-
trol the telegraph system of the United States;
and many other propositions of a like kind.
We have no power to legislate over these
questions. It requires no lengthy argument to
prove this. The instrument itself is so plain
and emphatic with reference to the character
of the authority given, as well as to that not,
given, that it is only necessary to state them to
furnish all the evidence any honest mind can
require.
The solemn interstate compact which pre-
ceded the organic law, and from which the Con-
stitution may be said to have sprung, laid the
foundation of the Federal Government. By the
second article of the "original Articles of Con-
federation" it was specially provided that—
" Each State retains its sovereignty, freedom, and
independence; and every power, jurisdiction, anu
rig til. which is not, by this Confederation cspre&siy
delegated to tho United States in Congress assem-
bled."
The same spirit that caused this emphatic
reservation to be incorporated in the original
articles of the Union was carried into the con-
vention which met subsequently at Philadelphia
and made th# present Censtitati®n. The math
