430
THE COKGllESSIONiAl; GLOW
January 18,
and tenth articles of the amendments proposed
atNew Yorkin 1789, and adopted by tbe States,
provides—
"Art. 9, The enumeration in the Constitution of
certain rights shall not be construed to deny or dis-
parage others retained by the people.
"Art. 10. The powers not delegated to the XJnitod
States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to
the States, are reserved to the States respectively or
to the people,"
If the full intent and meaning .not only of
these provisions, and indeed the whole scape
and intent of the Constitution, require expla-
nations, they- are happily to be found in the
Federalist, page 823, Dawson's edition. In
the paper No. 44, written by Madison, who
had more to do with the preparation and adop-
tion in the Convention of that instrument than
any other man, is found this remarkable sum-
mary of the powers of the Federal and State
Governments as intended by its framers :
"The powers delegated by the proposed Constitu-
tion to the Federal Go vernment are few and defined.
Those which are to remain in the State government
are numerous and indefinite. The former will be
exercised principally on external objects, as war,
peace, negotiation, and foreign commerce; with
which last the power of taxation will for the most
part be connected. The powers reserved to the sev-
eral States will extend to all the objects which, in
the ordinary course of affairs, concern the lives, lib-
erties, and properties of the people, and the internal
order, improvement, and prosperity of the State.
The operations of the Federal Government will be
more extensive and important in times of war and
danger; those ot the State governments in times of
peace and security. As the former period will prob-
ably bear a small proportion to the latter, the State
governments will hero enjoy another advantage over
the Federal Government. The more adequate, in-
deed, the Federal powers may be rendered to the
national defense, the less frequent will be those
scenes of danger which might favor their ascendency
over the governments of the particular States."
And this view of the relative powers of the
two Governments is fully sustained by John
Marshall, afterward the Chief Justice of the
United States. In the debates in the Virginia
convention, while considering the Constitution,
he said, in reply to the oppouents of its ratifi-
cation, that—
41 All the authority intended to be laid on the State
governments (beside where an exclusive power is
dircctly given to Congress) are contained in the tenth
section of the first article."
And again, in the same debate, lie said that a
power resident in a State anterior to the adop-
tion of the Constitution, and not taken away by
the above-referred section, is necessarily con-
tinued in the State. (Elliot's Debates, vol. 3,
ppi 889 and 300.)
It is unnecessary to add to these authorities.
They are the highest and cannot be questioned,
and cover the whole ground. The line is dravhii
sharp and positive. Our authority to do any"
tiling within the States without their consent,
except as provided for in the section referred
to, is denied and has no valid existence what-
ever.
The bill proposing the incorporation of rail-
roads to run from Washington to New York,
and from Washington to Cincinnati, provides
that they may pass through all the intervening
States, and thus run through their territory
without the consent of those States. No power
is given Congress over any part of the territory
of the States except, as is expressly declared,
it shall be ''purchased by the consent of the
Legislature of the State" for public purposes.
Even iti this District, where we exercise " exclu-
sive legislation," the consent of the States had
to be first obtained ; and if we cannot exercise
this authority for public purposes except with
the consent of the States it is indisputable that
we cannot impart it to a railroad company or
to any other private or public enterprise.
If it shall be said that these bills do not
propose that the General Government shall
build these roads; that it is designed only to
authorize private capitalists to do so and all
that is intended is a simple act of incorpora-
tion, 1 reply that we cannot delegate authority
we do not possess. We cannot authorize others
to do anything which we cannot ourselves do.
I can conceive of cases in times of insarrec.-
tion or rebellion that the Federal authority cat)
be exercised over and within loyal State limits.
This was done during the late war, though with
doubtful legal right.
But I cannot admit that when no such pub-
lic exigency exists Congress can assume any
such authority, and if it has not the power
to do so directly for governmental purposes it
cannot delegate such powers to others for pri-
vate purposes. The argument recently ad-
vanced by a distinguished Senator in behalf
of the constitutional power of Congress to make
these grants is based partly upon the theory
that the roads to be constructed are for public
purposes, and he finds in the authority con-
ferred upon Congress to regulate commerce be-
tween the several States ample power to incor-
porate these companies. Now, itiswellknown
that the Government has no necessity for such
roads. Private enterprise furnishes all the
facilities required for these objects. Neither
public wants nor the necessities of commerce
require the establishment of other means of
communication. The supposed precedents
which it is assigned justify these propositions
have no analogy. There is no case, either in
the political or judicial annals, which covers
the principles involved in this.
That part of the honorable Senator's argu-
ment referring to the provisions of the Consti-
tution which gives to Congress the power to
regulate commerce between the States is an
unfortunate reference for the success of his
proposition. It is difficult to see how this
clause of the Constitution can be construed to
continue to impart authority such as this. The
fact that the Government is nearly a hundred
years old without any attempt of this character
having been made until now seems to be suffi-
cient proof that no one thought it had author-
ity. The best interpretation of the designs of
the framers of the Constitution and of the
proper definition of its several provisions may
be found in the Federalist. They were all
written by the great leaders of the Convention
which adopted that instrument, being them-
selves the authors of the language which com-
posed it. Certainly no other commentary is
required. I quote again from this authority in
paper 41, of Dawson's edition, written by
Madison, page 292. This explanation of the
character of the power of Congress to regulate
commerce between the States, &c., is thus
stated:
"A very material object of this power was the
relief of tho states which import and export through
other States from the improper contributions levied
upon them by tho latter. We,rc those at liberty to
/logulato the trade between State .and State, it must
be foreseen thatways would be found out to load the
' articles of import and export, during tho passage
through their jurisdiction, with duties which would
fall on the makers of the latter and the consumers
of tho former. We may be assured by past experi-
ence that such a practice would be introduced by
future contrivances; and both bythatandacommon
knowledge of human affairs, that it would nourish
unceasing animosities, and not improbably terminate
in serious interruptions of the public tranquillity."
Thus it appears that nothing more was de-
signed than that inasmuch as tbe power to
regulate the foreign commerce of the country
was to be placed in the hands of the Federal
Government so it became necessary the States
should be deprived of tho opportunity of injur-
ing each other by laying taxes and duties upon
either foreign or domestic goods in transit
from one to the other. This power was taken
from them and given to the central authority.
The principle involved has also been settled
by the Supreme Court. It was declared in the
Rock Island bridge case, reported in 6 Mc-
Lean. Justice McLean delivered the opinion,
which has never been controverted or criti-
cised. He said:
"Under the commercial power Congress may de-
clare what shall constitute an obstruction or nui-
sance by a general regulation, .and provide for its
abatement by indictments or information through
the Attorney General; but neither under this power
nor under the power to establish post roads can Con-
gress construct a bridge over navigable water. This
belongs to the local or State authority within which
the work is to be done. But this authority must be
so exercised as not materially to conflict with the
paramount power to regulate commerce. If Con-
gress can construct a bridge over a navigable water
under the power to regulate commerce or to estab-
lish post roads, en the same principle it may make
turnpikes or railroads throughout the country, 'ihe
latter power has generally been considered as ex-
hausted in the designation of roads on which the
mails are to bo transported; and the former by tho
regulation of commerce upon the high seas, and
upon our rivers and lakes. If these limitations are
to be departed from there can be no other3 except at
the discretion of Congress."
These principles and others applicable were
subsequently more fully stated iu " Veasie vs.
Moore," reportedin 14 Howard. Andasthis
opinion was not only rendered by a unanimous
bench, but declares the extent of the powers
of Congress under the clause to regulate com-
merce between the several States, I make the
following extract from it:
'* The phrase can never be applied to transactions
wholly internal between citizens of the same com-
munity or to a polity and laws whose ends and pur-
poses and. operations aro restricted to the territory
and soil and jurisdiction of such community. Nor
can it be properly concluded that because the prod-
ucts of domestic enterprise in agriculture or man-
ufactures or in tho arts may ultimately become the
subjects of foreign commerce, the control of the
means or the encouragements by which enterprise
is fostered and protected is legitimately within the
import of the phrase foreign commerce, or fairly
implied in any investiture of the power to regulate
such commerce. A pretension as far-reaching as
this would extend to contracts between citizen and
citizen of the same State, would control the pursuits
of the planter, the grazier, the manufacturer, the
mechanic, the immense operations of the colleries
and mines and tuinaces of tile country; for there is
not one of these avocations the results of which may
not become the subjects of foreign commerce and be
borne either by turnpikes, canals, or railroads from
point to point within the several States toward an
ultimate destination, like the one above mentioned.
Such a pretension would effectually prevent or para-
lyze every effort at internal improvement by the
several States; for it cannot be supposed tho States
would exhaust their capital and their credit in tho
construction of turnpikes, canals, and railroads, the
remuneration derivable from which, and ail control
over which, might be immediately wrested from
them, because such public works would be facilities
for a commerce which, while availing itself of those
facilities, was unquestionably internal, although in-
termediately or ultimately it might become foreign.
The rule here given with respectto the regulation of
foreign commerce equally excludes from the regula-
tion of commerce between the States and tho Indian
tribes, the control over turnpikes, canals, railroads,
or the clearing and deepening of watercourses exclu-
sively within the States, or the management of tfio
transportation upon and by means of such improve-
ments. The design and object of that power, as
evinced in the history of the Constitution, was to
establish a perfect equality among the several States
as to commercial rights, and to prevent unjust and
invidious distinctions which local jealousies or local
and partial interests might be disposed to introduce
and maintain. These were the views pressed upon
the public attention by the advocates for the adop-
tion of the Constitution, and in accordance therewith
have been the expositions of this instrument pro-
pounded by this court."
The argument often adduced in favor of a
latitudinarian construction of the Constitution
in cases of great necessity does not reach this
case. The life of the nation is not imperiled
by the manner in which the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company transacts its business
or accommodates the traveling public, nor does
the reasoning recently employed to sustain the
legal-tender acts apply. In that case it lias
been said that Congress is clothed with the
requisite power, as it is its duty, to do all
things necessary to continue the Government in
«xistence, and that the issue of what is termed
legal-tenders was at the time absolutely neces-
sary to this purpose. The defense enters a plea
of higher necessity, virtually admitting that
there was no legal justificati®n, but that the
public exigencies warranted a suspension, for
that object, of the provisions of the Constitu-
tion. Indeed, this and many other legislative
and executive doings of doubtful validity which
the war produced was tolerated upon the
ground that at that time they were absolutely
necessary to prevent national death. But this
is a time of profound peace, internal and ex-
ternal ; we have neither foreign nor domestic
war. The Government is on a peace basis, ita
late extended arms, which covered the whole
land and absorbed nearly all the official author-
ity of the nation, are withdrawn within the
narrow limits in which the Constitution origin-
ally placed them.
Commerce is abundantly regulating itself;
private capital and enterprise are reassuming
their wonted channels, and that competition
between man and mail, which leaves to each
the results of his own superior advantages, is,
