1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1S83
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I would like to
ask the gentleman from Illinois a question.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. "I am disposed
to adhere to Government contracts. I would
like to ask the gentleman if we upon this side
of the House should be willing to vote this
appropriation to carry out this contract of the
Government if he and his friends would be
willing to vote to carry out the contract which
the Government made with loyal owners of
negroes in Kentucky, agreeing to give them
$300 for each of their negroes that was taken
and put into the Federal Army?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not yield for any such
purpose as that. I am astonished that mem-
bers of Congress—men who ought to be sen-
sible men, who at least ought to be fair men—
should get up here in the House when a gen-
tleman is talking about a law upon the statute-
book, and shove in the negro, and talk of what
members on that side of the House will do. J
am not talking about members on that side of
the House.
Mr. J ONES, of Kentucky. The gentleman
was speaking about carrying out contracts.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the gentleman from
Maine will allow me to say one word more.
That is all I ask.
Mr. BLAINE. I will yield for one minute
longer.
Mr. LOGAN. I merely want to say, in ref-
erence to the contract, that under the law which
you passed—and when I say you I do not mean
any particular party; I mean Congress—the
Secretary of War has entered into a contract
with the railroad company for the purpose of
building this bridge by virtue of the statute
which Congress passed. This appropriation
is to carry out the contract that has been made
by the agent of the Government under a law
passed by Congress, and I say it is only good
faith on the part of Congress to appropriate
this money to comply with the law.
Mr. BLAINE. I now yield two minutes to
the gentleman from Not? York.
Mr. PBUYN. Mr. Speaker, I am one of
those who, during the long period that this bill
has been under consideration in Committee of
the Whole, have uniformly, on almost all occa-
sions, voted to reduce these appropriations,
and I am told that the bill as it finally passed
the Committee of the Whole is some $13,000,-
000 less in amount than it was when reported
by the Committee on Appropriations. Now,
sir, we are told by an officer, whose character
and position are unquestioned, that we have
made a mistake in one of these items, and that
in order to preserve the faith and character
and to fulfill the contracts of the Government
thatitem ought to be increased. I hold, there-
fore, that it is a matter of doty on our part,
unless we doubt the integrity and good faith of
that officer of the Government, to vote the
amount he asks. It is not a matter of choice—
it may be so, so far as physical power is con-
cerned—but it is a matter of moralduty, unless
we are prepared to impeach the character and
integrity of that officer of the Government, to
vote this amount. And I would be just as
ready to vote for what is right and proper in
the cases of the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Phelps] and the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Jones] as I would be to vote for what is
just and right in this case.
Mr. BLAINE. I would inquire of the Chair
how much of the hour is left?
The SPEAKER. Six minutes.
Mr. BLAINE. I yield two minutes to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.]
Mr. MAYNARD. If this item of appro-
priation was coextensive with the report from
the Secretary of War, and no further, I would
not oppose it any longer; that is, confining it
to the construction of the bridge and the im-
provement of the water-power. But the propo-
sition of the committee does not stop there. It
appropriates only $500,000 for the bridge, and
the rest is left under the general estimates to
be appropriated to these new and nnbegun
buildings of Joliet stone.
• Mr. BLAINE. Of the amount appropriated
$250,000 is for the improvement of the water-
power.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think the gentleman
will find, upon a careful consideration of the
matter, that it is as I have stated. Now, if he
will limit the appropriation as the Secretary of
War has specified, to the bridge ami water-
power, I am willing to go for it.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to say a very few words
in reply to what was said this morning by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
touching the amendment for reducingthe Army.
I hope the House will not vote to sustain the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. I hope the House will not vote to deprive
General Sherman of the right to be promoted
to the rank of general. I hope the House will
not vote that General George H. Thomas or
General Phil. Sheridan shall never bepromoted
to the rank of Lieutenant General. I hope the
House will not say that Meade or Hancock
must and shall be mustered out as major gen-
erals of the Army; and yet that is what they
would say if they voted for the proposition of
the gentleman from Massachusetts. There is
a great deal in his proposition which is merit-
orious, and which I would vote for if it was by
itself. But there are features in it which I do
not believe this House will ever be willing to
approve.
Now, the amendment which I have moved
as a substitute for his proposition has this ex-
tent and no more : it ties up the Army so that
there can be no more new appointments or pro-
motions until Congress can take hold of the
question. And in that way all increase of the
Army will be prevented, and under the admin-
istration of General Grant the Army may be
very rapidly decreased.
Now, the criticism of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] that the Secre-
tary of War and not General Grant will h ave
the control of this matter, is very superficial.
The Secretary of War under General Grant will
be very apt to carry out the ideas and wishes
of General Grant in this matter. I do not think
there is any great danger that General Grant
and the Secretary of War will differ very much
about this matter.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Why did
the gentleman leave it entirely to the Secretary
of War last year ?
Mr. BLAINE. Because Andrew Johnson
was President. Was not that a good reason ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, it
was a good reason for the time.
Mr. BLAINE. When the question was
upl ast year there was a very serious trouble
between President Johnson and Secretary of
War Stanton, and my sympathies were with
the Secretary of War, and the provision was
made accordingly; and when I moved the
amendment last night I did not think it worth
while to change it from what it was last year,
because I do not suppose that there is any
doubt that the Secretary of War under General
Grant will carry out the wishes and views of
General Grant on the subject.
I now ask unanimous consent to make a
verbal correction in my amendment. It now
reads, "no new commission shall be issued in
any regiment." I desire to insert after the
word "issued" the words "and no promotion
shall be made."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman objects, not
because he does not wish that to be provided
for, but because he does not wish my amend-
ment to be perfected for fear it will receive
additional support from the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. You can-
not perfect a thing that is bad all over.
Mr. BLAINE. You will not let us try.
Now. Mr. Speaker, if that amendment be
adopted it ties up this question so that the
processof reduction begins the very'day the
act is approved j and if we desire hereafter to
adopt some of the provisions of the bill of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, and some of
those embraced in the bill of the gentleman
from Ohio, we shall have ample time at future
sessions to take action in that direction. Mean-
while it is safe and wise to take the step pro-
posed in my amendment.
I yield for a moment to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Boxer,] that he may ask
unanimous consent to offer an amendment.
Mr. BOYER. I ask unanimous consent to
offer an amendment to insert the following as
a new section:
And be it farther enacted. That the Secretary of
War is hereby authorized and directed, as early as
practicable, to consolidate the Quartermaster's de-
partment, the commissary department, and the pay
department into one department to be called the
departmentof supply.
Mr. STOVER. I object.
The SPEAKER. The first of the amend-
ments reported from the Committee of the
Whole on which a separate vote is asked is to
strike out on page 7 of the printed bill lines
one hundred and thirty-six and one hundred
a-pd thirty-seven, the item which will be read
by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveys for military defenses, $200,000.
Mr. BLAINE. I hope the amendment strik-
ing out that paragraph will not be adopted.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—.
ayes 66, noes 48.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The next amendment re-
served for a separate vote will now be read by
the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out in lines one hundred and forty and one
Hundred and forty-one the words "one million" and
insert in lieu thereof "fifty thousand; " so that the
paragraph will read :
For arsenal and armory at Rook Island Illinois,
$50,000.
Mr. PHELPS. On agreeing to this amend-
ment I call the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 79, nays 91, not voting
52 ; as follows:
1rEAS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Baker, Beatty, Ben-
jamin, Benton, Blair, Boyer Broomaii, Roderick It.
Butler, Cake, Cary, Chanler, Churchill, Clift, Corley.
Cornell, Covode, Deweese, Dickey, Dockery, Eggles-
tort, Ela.Ferriss, Fields, Fox, Greta, Go! lad ay, O rover,
Ha;chr, Hamilton, Hawkins, Heaton, Hill, Holman,
Houhkiss, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, Johnson,
Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kit-
chen, Kountz, Lash, George V. Lawrence, William
Xawrence. MayDard, McCormick, McOuHough,
Moore, Mungen, Niblaek, Orth, Perham, Phelps,
Pike.PoIsley, Randall, Roots, Scofleld, Shanks. Shel-
labarger. Starkweather, Stevens, Sypher, Taber.
Taylor, Tift, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump, Ward,
"Welker, Thomas Williams, William "Williams, Ste-
phen F. "Wilson, "Woodward, and Young—T9.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison. Ames, Anderson, Delos
U. Ashley, Beaman, Bingham, Blackburn, Blaine,
Boutwell, Bowen, Bromwell, Buckley, Burr, Benja-
min F.Butler, Callis, Header W. Claxke.Cobb, Co-
burn, Cullora, Dawes. Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Ed-
wards, Thomas D. Eliot, James T. Elliott, Farns-
worth, Ferry, Garfield, Gove, Gravely, Griswold,
Ilaughey, Higby, Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Chester D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Judd,
Kelley. Kellogg. Kelsey. Kerr, Ketcham, tafliii,
Loan, Logan. Loughridge.Lynch,Mallory, Marshall,
Marvin, McKee, Miller, Moorhead, Morrell, Myers,
Jfewcomb, O'Neill, Peters, Pettis, Pierce, Pile, Plants,
Poland, Price, Prinee, Baum, Robertson, Boss, law-
yer, Schenck. Sitgrea,ves, Smith, Stokes, Stone, Sto-
ver, Taffe, Thomas, Trowbridge. Twichell.Vari Aer-
nam, Robert T. Van Horn, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Henry D. Washburn, James r. \v lUon, John
T. Wilson, Windom. and Woodbridge—91.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Arnel!, James M.
Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin. Banks, Barnes, Barntsm,
Beck, Boies, Boyden, Brooks, Buekland. Sidney
Clarke, Cook, Delano. Dixon, Eekley, Eldndge,
French, Grlossbrenner, Goss, Halsey, Harding, Rich-
ard D.Hubbard, Knott, Lincoln, McCarthy, Mercur,
Morrissey, Mullins, Newsham, Nicholson, J<_prris-
Sfunn, Paine, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Robinson. ™ye,
Spalding, Stewart, John Trimble, Lawrence S.Inm-
ble, Upson, Van Auk en. V an Wyck, Vidal, Elihii B.
"Washburne, William B. Washburn, Wbittemore, and
Vfood—52.
8o the amendment was not agreed to.
