1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
as of old, reasserting its control oyer the great
interests of the people, and the Government
cannot and should not step in between them.
Government should not intrude its authority
over the contests of private or State corpora-
tions. If Congress can incorporate companies
for such purposes and with such privileges, so
can it others. If the excuses for these grants
are tenable like reasons will be found in favor
of creating other companies to reach other
points. If this business is entered into of reg-
ulating railroad fare and the mode and manner
of conducting them it will, of course, be ex-
tended to every other enterprise. The Gov-
ernment cannot stop by the establishment of
the proposed lines. It must go on, because it
cannot be contended that such privileges shall
be conferred exclusively on these and none
others. Nor does it follow that the connec-
tion at Washington secures this objection. The
same principle will warrant the creation of any
roads which may be connected with these pro-
posedWashington roads. Thus in time the entire
railway interests of the country would be placed
in the hands of those who could procure the
franchise at this capital. It would be only
necessary to connect them with some road that
did connect with the Washington road. The
immense investments already made in such
property would become depreciated, for exist-
ing lines could not compete with the overshad-
owing advantages thus conferred. Members
of Congress would be continually solicited to
bestow further privileges, and it is not too
much to say that stupendous combinations
■would be made here which would "bull and
bear" the value of shares for the benefit of
those who could influence legislation.
Under the principle thus sought to be estab-
lished every other department of private enter-
prise can be invaded. The Federal Govern-
ment can authorize the construction of mills,
and indeed the prosecution of every manner
of commerce, trade, and manufacture under
its protection. This great power when once
invoked cannot bo stopped. The keen witted
speculator and the energetic adventurer would
find means to seize it and use it for their own
purposes. As against such a gigantic patron
private enterprise would be obliged^ to suc-
cumb. We have already proof of this in the
effect upon the business of life insurance, by
the creation of the mammoth corporation of
this kind which Congress authorized at its last
session. I declared at the-time of its passage
in this House that the grant conferred upon
the few persons named as corporators was
worth §5,000,000 ; my voice was not heeded,
and under the whip and spur of the previous
question it was forced through without debate
or discussion. This company presents itself
to the people of the United States as a national
institution, indorsed and sustained by the au-
thority of the General Government. This gives
it a character for solvency possessed by none
other; people praise it and patronize it to the
exclusion of others eqnally respectable and
trustworthy. There can be no successful com-
petition with it; in time it will absorb nearly
the whole of that business.
Nor is thi^ the only objection to this propo-
sition. Not only will it open the door to every
kind of similar legislation, but it will also en-
large the sphere of existing abuses. As wicked
as has been the practice recently in the adop-
tion of measures favoring the corrupt interests
of the country, what has occurred wili be nothing
as compared with those that will follow. The
recent practice of the Government in donat-
ing immense tracts of land and in dispensing
moneyed favorstorailroad and other speculators
is a shameful abuse. To such an extent has this
already been carried that it has attracted the
attention and consideration of the people
throughout the nation. The enormity of these
swindles, under the plea of public good, is start-
ling. To enumerate them would be almost
impossible. I cannot, however,allow the °PPOr~
tunitv to pass without referring to a tew. l ne
original Pacific railroad grant itself may be
said to be the great father of these infamous
schemes of the railroad class. However merit-
orious and desirable the erection of such a road
may be, no honest man can justify the abuses
which have been practiced by those who have
charge of its construction, and more especially
the precedent established in the subsidy system.
This giant work lias been built altogether by
Government favor, and yet its franchises, its
property, and its profits are exclusively in the
hands of individuals. The Government itself
does not own one foot of it, nor can it, as such,
derive the least advantage from its existence.
The work is so stupendous that it requires no
stretch of imagination to see that when com-
pleted it will control the many great States
through which it will pass, as well as those at
either terminus. Already, though not yet
finished, its power is felt in this House, being
represented here by members elected for no
other purpose thau to promote and protect
its interests. The press of the country has
been made stipendiary upon its favor, and
even the Executive Departments are not freed
from its influence. We have invoked a demon
whom we cannot suppress if we would, and
done it, too, under the pretext of public good.
From this bad beginning has flown other and
kindred evils. Minor franchises and favors
have been dispensed to other companies trib-
utary to or in some pretended way connected
with the mother road. The Sioux City branch
is one of them. Though in no way a Pacific road,
it has participated directly in the bounties
granted to that road. Itis a private enterprise,
and yet it has already received from the Secre-
tary of Treasury, by the way of subsidy, bonds
at the rate of $16,000 per mile, and land froin
the Secretary of the Interior at the rate_ of
twelve thousand eight hundred acres per mile,
and by legislation already completed thisbranch,
in violation of law, is regularly receiving its
proportion of such subsidy, and claims the
whole, namely, $1,600,000 and one million two
hundred and eighty thousand acres of laud.
The favors extended to the Burlington and
Missouri river extension are also of the same
character. In the amended Pacific railroad act
of 1864 an amendment was adopted authorizing
this company to extend its line from a point on
the Missouri river, near Nebraska City, west-
ward to a point near Fort Kearny, or any point
east of the hundredth meridian. The distance
was about one hundred and fifty miles, and the
land grant twelve thousand eight hundred acres
per mile. The then Secretaiy of the Interior,
under suspicious circumstances, withdrew from
sale not only all the land south of this road to
the Nebraska line, but went over into Kansas
and withdrew an immense tract there also.
Between the Secretary and a United States
Senator and their friends a territory large
enough for a respectably sized State came near
passing into the hands of a few speculators.
The Legislature of Kansas spoiled this trans-
action by exposing it in time to prevent it.
There was a similar attempted fraud m another
direction. A company, acting indirectly and
clandestinely under the provisions of the
amended act of the Pacific charter, proceeded
to build a road from Sacramento, via Stockton,
to San Jos6, a point not on the Pacific coast.
The liue was one hundred and twenty miles
long, and it received a subsidy of $1,920,000
and a large grant of land beside. The Leav-
enworth, Lawrence, and Galveston road, a
speculation got up expressly as a swindle, was
projected merely for the purpose of getting
possession of the richest lands in the^West.
The portion of this road which lies in Kansas
is one hundred and fifty miles long, and cost
about twenty thousand dollars per mile to build,
making a total cost of about three million dol-
lars . It has already received five hundred
thousand acres of land from the Government,
worth five dollars per acre, one hundred and
twenty-five thousand acres ii'oni the State of
Kansas, worth three dollars per acre, and bonds
to the amount of $900,000, comprehending a
large sum over and above its cost. This com-
pany is now before the Senate modestly urging
there,the ratification of treaty known as the
Osage treaty, which enables this company to
buy eight million acres of land at nineteen
cents per acre, the payment having fifteen years
to run. The value of these lands is about twelve
million dollars.
The Cherokee neutral land job looms tip as
another similar "big thing" of almost equal
magnitude, the details of which would occupy
too much time to relate. Congress up to March
last has granted in all to various southern and
western States over fifty-seven million acres of
land for railroad purposes. It has given beside
seventeen million acres to canals and similar
improvements. The Pacific railroad and its
branches have received one hundred and
twenty-four million acres, and if to this is added
the even-numbered "sections" along those
routes which the Secretary decided tobe closed
for settlement, it will appear that nearly one
third of the entire public domain has been
made over to the control of railroad com-
panies. The Commissioner of the General
Land Office, in referring to this subject, Says!
"The quantity of land eonveyed by these grraritiis
of ompire extent, exceeding in the aggregate by more
than live million acres the entire surface of the six
New England States added to the areas of New York,
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Delaware, Mary-
land, and Virginia. And that the grants to Facifie
roads alone are within a fourth of being twice the
aroa of England, Ireland, Scotland, Wales, Cxueni-
scy, Jorsey, the Iele of Man, and the isles of the
British seas, and less than a tenth of being equal
the French empire proper."
So much for what has been done. Hun-
dreds of similar schemes are pending in both
Houses of Congress, awaiting favorable oppor-
tunities and the arrangement of suitable com-
binations to carry them through.
Such are the effects already produced by our
lax discharge of duty. If Congress had adhered
closely to its constitutional legislative functions
no such array of shameful frauds upon the
public interests as these could have been per-
petrated. Itistheasaumption of doubtful pow-
ers that has opened the doors to such abuses.
What was at first excused upon the ground of
higher necessity, and submitted to only because
of this seeming justification, has become in-
corporated into our practice and accepted as
sufficiently warranted under the Constitution.
That instrument is being constantly violated in
our proceedings. Theprecedentsreeently estab-
lished are accepted as sufficient authority, and
thus at sea. '' without chart or rudder,' ^ we are
indangerofshipwreckanddestruction. Though
the fundamental law may, as it no doubt does',
require amendment and modification in many
ways to render it more directly applicable to
the present extent of empire and the new order
of things and the varied and diversified irt-
terests, yet so long as it is the law it must be
adhered to in our proceedings. Better " bear
those i lis we have, than fly to others that we know
not of." Better labor under the difficulties of
an insufficient organization until propferly re-
formed than to do that which will open the door
to anarchy, national bankruptcy, and general
demoralization.
It is a popular error to suppose that because
great changes have recently come over the in-
stitutions and sectional relations of State com-
munities the Constitution has been changed
also ; that what has been commonly known as
State rights is now an exploded doctrine, and
that the war settled all this against the States
and in favor of the central power. Doubtless
this may be true so far as men's wishes are
concerned, but "the wish is only father to
the thought" as yet; something further has
to be done. The organic law can be altered
only in the way provided by the law itself.
Whether right or wrong,^ wise or unwise, ap-
plicable or inapplicable, it is the law, and must
remain so until amended in the constitutional
mode. Violence and the disruption of State
communities cannot change the nature of the
Federal Government, nor can the conduct of
those intrusted with the administration of pub-
lic affairs annul, increase, or decrease any of
its powers. These are delegated and declared.
They are few in number and limited in char-
acter. Neither armed resistance nor legislative
