432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
encroachments can make it more or less than
what they are, precisely as they are declared in
the articles of compact. Once break down these
barriers and the floodgates of centralization and
despotism will assuredly be lifted and Our liber-
ties will perish forever. The decentralization of
official rule is indispensable to the preservation
of popular rights. Concentrated power is
always unmindful of the privileges of the peo-
ple. To secure fair and equal justice to all men
it is necessary to disseminate the benefits of
government, so that all, irrespective of class,
section,caste,orstation, shall alike participate
in its favors and bear a proper share of its
burdens.
The ftaicers of our political organization
had these sound and patriotic objects in view
whentheUnion wag constructed. The speeches
and writings of the fathers of the Republic,
who obtained our liberties and then, as by in-
spiration, brought out of chaos the solid form
of this blessed instrument by which we exist,
breathes this spirit and none other. Thore was
no difference as to the nature and character
of the Government it was intended to erect
nor the least divergence in opinion as to the
work itself when completed. Let us adhere
to it 1 It is the safest as well as the only course
consistent with our oaths cf office. To violate
its sacred provisions is to commit moral and
legal perjury. We cannot do this ; we are
entrusted with high duties. The destinies of
this great people are ia our hands. The rep-
resentatives of no Government in the world
were ever clothed with such responsibilities.
The recent internal conflict which so severely
tested our national solidity has already disap-
peared, and its effects are gradually disappear-
ing also. The people will do the rest; let us
leave them alone. If we cannot legislate for
their good do not do them harm. Their
wonderful energy and intelligence will soon
restore peace and prosperity if no obstacles are
thrown in their way by unwise legislation here.
They want to be let alone. Do not interfere
by granting special privileges to the favored
few. Even if the power exists to do wrong do
not do it. If "that is the best Government
which governs least" so will the people con-
sider that the best Congress which throws the
fewest difficulties in the way of the full devel-
opment of private enterprise, leaving all men
to struggle with each other in the pursuits of
life according to their individual advantages,
without Government aid or hinderance.
And now, in conclusion, let me turn my voice
from this House and from Congress to the
people and address to this fountain of all au-
thority a few warning words. Look well, O
king, to those who rule you! Be not deceived
or led astray by the late false cry of executive
tyranny or treachery. Your danger lies not
in the President or in the courts, not in the
" one man power," not in his followers, but
in your own selected agents to be found here
in this capital, the accredited law-makers of
the land. It is legislative encroachments upon
your liberties and property that you have the
most cause to fear, and in which lies your
greatest danger.
Nor was this evil entirely unanticipated by
the great fathers of the Republic. With more
than human prescience they saw it afar off and
provided for it, as they thought, so far as possi-
ble in the Constitution itself. The great Madi-
son made this remarkable reference to the dan-
ger of legislative tyranny which he thought was
to be feared • more than any other despotism
under our form of Government. He said, in
speaking on this subject:
"In a Government where numerous and extensive
prerogatives areplaced lathe hands of an hereditary
monarch the executive department is very justly
regarded as the source of danger and watched with
all the jealousy which a zeal for liberty ought to
inspire. In ademoeracy. where a multitude of peo-
ple exircise in person tiie legislative functions and
arecontinu.illy exposed by their incapacity forrcu-
lar deliberation and concerted measures to the am-
bitious intrigues of their executive ma istattes
tyranny may well be apprehended onsorne favorable
emergency to start up in the same quarter. But in a
representativerepublic, where the Executive magis-
tracy is carefully limited both ia the eiteut at,d
the duration of its powers, and where the legislative
power is exercised by an assembl y which ia inspired
by a supposed influence over the people with an
intrepid confidence in its own strength: which is
sufficiently numerous to feel all the passions which
actuate a multitude, yet not so numerous as to be
incapable of pursuing the objects of its passions by
means which reason prescribes, it is against the
enterprising ambition of this department that the
people ought to mdu'ge all their jealousy and ex-
haust all their precautions."
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by par-
agraphs for amendment.
Mr. McKEB. I move on page 4, line sixty-
eight, to strike out the words, "for miscella-
neous items, $15,000;" and I do it for the
purpose of getting an explanation from the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations.
We have in this bill every possible item of
appropriation, and then, inaddition, $15,000for
miscellaneous items. I desire to know what
these miscellaneous items are. The chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations has ex-
pressed himself in favor of economy, and he
certainly should let us know for what purpose
we are voting this money.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This ap-
propriation of $15,000 is much less than usual;
and I will tell the gentleman that it is for a
variety of purposes, for the payment of burial
expenses, and for contested elections, and
many other necessary expenses. We have
cut those appropriations down to the lowest
point possible.
Mr. McKBE. It may be that this item is
in accordance with the precedents of former
appropriation bills. Bat as to the expenses of
contested elections, we always make an appro-
priation out of the contingent fund by a specific
resolution. With regard to the Senate, I think
there has been no contested election there for
five years, and probably there will be none for
the next ten years. I think that the appropria-
tion as stated in the bill should be stricken
out. I move, therefore, to amend by striking
out "for miscellaneous items, $15,000."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This item
ought not to be stricken out. The Senate neces-
sarily has these miscellaneous expenses, as we
have. No_ one wants to give that body any
more than it is entitled to.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. I take occasion to call the
attention of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washbdrne] to the phraseology of the fifty-
eighth line : " For stationery for committees,
&c., $5,000." I suggest that the "&c."
should be struck out.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man^ suggestion is very proper. I hope the
modification will be made by unanimous con-
sent.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
"&c." will be struck out.
There was no objection.
The Clerk read as follows:
For packing-boxes for the Senate and House of
Representatives, 13,000: Provided, That each Sena-
tor, Member, and Delegateshall be entitled to receive
only the value of ten dollars in packing-boxes each
year.
Mr. McKBE. I move to amend by striking
out the paragraph just read. I think no good
reason, if any reason at all, can be urged for
allowing Senators or Representatives ten dol-
lars, or any other suta, for packing-boxes.
Almost every gentleman who travels around
this country furnishes his own packing-boxes,
and there is no reason why a member of Gon-
gress should be allowed packing-boxes at the
public expense. All our public documents,
and everything of that kind, go off under our
franks, and what these packing boxes are for
is a matter which a great many members, in-
cluding myself, have not found out.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. From titfie
immemorial Congress has made an appropria-
tion, and a pretty large one—much too large—
for these packing-boxes. The Committee on
Appropriations instituted some inqniry into
this subject pending the preparation of this
bill, and found that heretofore members have in
many instances drawn fot one session some
twenty or thirty dollars' warth af packing-
boxes each, which, to a considerable extent,
were not for the personal use oft.be members.
The committee came to the determination tho.t
ten dollars' worth of packing-boxes for each
year wohld be amply sufficient for each mem-
ber. This would allow about three packing-
boxes to every member. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. McKee] must understand what
these packing-boxes are for. They are to
enable members to carry home congressional
books for the nse of their constituents.
Mr. McKEB. My understanding is that
books published by authority of Congress are
sent to our constituents through the mails.
Mr. MUNGrEN. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. McKEB. Yes, sir.
Mr. MUNGEN. I wish simply to know if
the gentleman from Kentucky would require
that our documents and books which natur-
ally accumulate here should be sent home in
carpet-bags. [Laughter.]
Mr. McKEB. That is not a question that
is legitimate to the discussion. [ suppose,
however, that carpet-bags would be equally as
legitimate and proper as pine boxes. The
only interest I have in this matter is in reduc-
ing the expenses to the very lowest possible
limit. I certainly can sec no reason why we
should appropriate $3,000, or any other sum,
for packing-boxes for members. So far as I
am concerned I certainly do not want any. I
have not had ten dollars' worth nor five dol-
lars' worth of packing-boxes since I became a
member of the House, and I hope I never
shall want any.
The question being taken on the amendment,
it was disagreed to.
_ Mr. RANDALL. T ask whether this pro-
viso allows a member to commute for tea dol-
lars if he does not take his boxes?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ye?, sir.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I move to strike it
out.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is too
late ; the House has just refused to strike it
out.
Mr. RANDALL. I now propose to strike
out simply the proviso. It is a mean way of
increasing our pay. I have no objection to
the boxes whatever.
The CHAIRMAN. The vote of the com-
mittee was upon striking out the paragraph.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania moves now
to strike out simply the proviso. That is in
order.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to leave it so that
members must take their boxes or get no bene-
fit from this appropriation. '
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope this amendment
will not be passed. There is a bit of history
in connection with this outlay in the House.
When I first-came here, in theThirty-Fifth Con-
gress, I met a young gentleman from the Cin-
cinnati district who has since become very emi-
nent. One of the first efforts he made in the
House, as I recollect, was to strike out the
appropriation for packing-boxes, and the bril-
liancy of his oratory and the potency of his
logic were such that the House struck it out.
Mr. RANDALL. If the gentleman will
excuse me, I have made no motion to strike
out the appropriation. I know the boxes are
very usefal, but I do not want any privilege
extended to members to take ten dollar s sur-
reptitiously, as I consider it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand my friend's
proposition. I was about to observe that at
the very next session, when the deficiency bill
was reported, it was found that the item for
boxes was contained in that bill. So that all
the effect and value of the effort of that gentle-
man was entirely lost. It had the effect of
bringing the gentleman before the House and
before the country, and he came afterward to
be a very prominent member and a luminary
of his party; but so far as any advantage to the
public Treasury Was concerned it was entirely
inoperative and ineffectual. I hope, therefore,
the gentleman will not press this matter further.
Ms*. WASH'BB"RMB-, of lilia&is*! I eUssiMf te
