1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
433
state that this proviso is only a limitation of
the sum that we are in the habit of appropri-
ating. Members will be entitled to some
boxes, but not so many as heretofore. The
committee have made an appropriation which
is to cover boxes in both Rouses of Congress.
They have put a limitation to the appropriation,
and have provided that each member shall
receive only ten dollars' worth.
Mr. RANDALL. I will modify my amend-
ment by leaving the proviso as it stands and
adding these words to it*: "and there shall be
no commutation in money in lien thereof'
Mr. HIGBY. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Illinois how many boxes he pro-
poses to allow to each member for the ten
dollars. _ ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Each
member shall not be entitled to more than ten
dollars' worth ; he may get two or three boxes,
according to the price.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not understand the
gentleman to object to my amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
object to it.
Mr. POLAND. I have no sort of objection
to the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, fori do notthink it changes
the sense at all. The proviso reads, as it now
stands:
Provided, That each Senator, Member, and Dele-
gate shall be entitled to receive only the value of tea
dollars in packing-boxes each year.
I understand the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations to concede to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania that if any member
chooses not to take the boxes he would be
entitled to take ten dollars. I think it is clearly
an incorrect explanation of the bill as it now
stands. I do not object to the amendment,
but 1 deem it entirely unnecessary. It will
not change the sense ot the bill as it now
stands.
Mr. RANDALL. My amendment is based
on the construction which the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations puts on this
clause, and which is likely to be the construc-
tion put upon it by the officer who pays the
money.
The question was put on Mr. ilanmli.'s
amendment; and it was disagreed to—ayes
eighteen, noes not counted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to move an amendment to the paragraph in
relation to the House of Representatives. I
move in line ninety to strike out the words
" two assistant clerks'r and insert " one assist-
ant clerk" in lieu thereof.
Mr. ARNELL. 1 would ask the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations if there is
any increase of salaries to any of these officers ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is ;
not any so far as I am advised, and I think 1 !
am pretty weli advised on that subject. j
Mr. BLAINE. Before the question is pnt
I desire to ask the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations whether it was intended to
make this bill conform in the number of officers
to the estimates?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This will
make it conform to the estimates. There was
a mistake in drawing the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to make the bill conform to the estimates
precisely as the gentleman from Illinois has
corrected it by his amendment. The very next
item reads: "twelve assistant clerks, (includ-
ing the Librarian,) at $2,160 each." Now,
the estimate is for "twelve assistant clerks,
Librarian, and Assistant Librarian, at $2,100
each." The bill, therefore, provides for two
officers less for the Forty-First Congress than
there are for the Congress of to-day. I
move to strikeout the words "including the
Librarian" and to insert the words "the
Librarian and Assistant Librarian so as to
make it conform to the estimates and read,
" twelve clerks, the Librarian, and the Assist-
antLibrarian, at$2,160each." Thatwillmake
40ni Coxa. 3d Hess.—No. 28.
it conform exactly to the estimates, to the
existing organization of the House, and to the
law.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
observe that that, will give the Assistant Libra-
rian the same salary as the Librarian?
Mr. BLAINE'. It was made so last session.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Ulmois._ The bill,
as I understand it, and as the commiltee under-
stood it, conforms to the existing law. The
estimates are not the law, and this is making
an additional office.
Mr. BLAINE. I beg pardon ; the gentle-
man just now quoted the estimates as the basis
ou which he made a correction in the bill—
the same estimates on which I propose to make
this correction. I want the bill to correspond
exactly to the estimates, to the present organ-
ization of the House, and to the law itsell,
which is the presumed basis of all estimates.
I hope, therefore, that my friend from Illinois
will allow this amendment to be passed.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. I am i
afraid the gentleman's "fiiend from Illinois"
will not allow it. i
Mr. BLAINE. Well, I hope the committee j
will adopt it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am sorry
my friend from Maine was not with the Com-
mittee on Appropriations when they passed
upon this bill. If ho had been there he would
not have deemed it necessary to make the
objection he is now making. If he will look
at the law of last year he will find that the
present bill conforms to it precisely. It reads,
"twelve assistant clerks (including the Libra-
rian) at $2,160 each." There is not any Assist-
ant Librarian at all.
Mr. BLAINE. A joint resolution passed
both branches of Congress, and upon that res-
olution this estimate was made up by the Clerk
of the House and sent to the Treasury Depart-
ment, and it comes as regularly authenticated
an estimate as any other.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Perhaps I
can now understand my friend from Maine.
Does he refer to the Librarian here, on this
floor?
Mr. BLAINE. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, then,
my friend is not quile as familiar with the
subject as I supposed he was. lie got through
the resolution lie speaks of, but il expires with
this Congress, and hence we had no right to
put the appropriation in this bill.
Mr. BLAINE. It is the same kind of a law
as those by which the salaries of the Door-
keeper and other officers of the House have
been regulated. It is precisely according to
precedents and the estimates, which are made
up with great care, and which the gentleman
always rests on when they favor his side of the
case—exactly conform to it. It is only because
he has made one amendment to correct the bill
according to the estimates that I desire to make
another amendment in order that the bill may
conform to the estimates in that respect.
Mr. MAYN AIID. I desire to see if I under-
stand this matter. This paragraph provides
for "twelve assistant, clerks." I do not under-
stand that the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Blaise] proposes to increase that numbei of
clerks.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not. In the House,
under the present organization, there are twelve
assistant cleiks, and a Librarian and Assistant
Librarian.
Mr. MA VNARD. I do not understand the
estimates to read that way.
Mr. BLAINE. The estimates say, "twelve
assistant clerks" 
Mr. MAYNARD. "Including the Libra-
rian." , . . , .
Mr. BLAINE. No, sir.: that is m he bill,
not in the estimates. The estimates read, '/l'or
twelve assistant clerks, Librarian and Assistant
Librarian," which make fourteen officers, just
as the House is organized to-day.
Mr. MAYNARD. As this bill is drawn, there
are to be only twelve assistant clerks, one 01
whom is to be the Librarian.
Mr. BLAINE. Which is two less than the
House now has. T , . , ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think I
can make the committee understand this mat-
ter. After they understand it, if they desire to
increase the force of the House, they can doit.
My friend from Maine [Mr. blalke]_atthelast
session of Congress got through a joint resolu-
tion, as follows: *
" Beeolvnd,&e„ That fortKepresentConeress,com-
mencing therewith, the Clerk is directed to pay from
the contingent fund of the House to the Assistant
Librarian, m charge of the Hall library, the differ-
ence between his present pas' and the pay of tno file,
printing, and engrossing clerks."
Just notice how it reads, "For the present
Congress," and for that only. Now, while that
joint resolution creates that office for the present
Congress, my friend from Maine [Mr. Blaike]
seeks to put'this officer in the general appro-
priation bill, and make him a. permanent officer.
Mr. BLAINE. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Washbukne] if he
ever knew the pay of an officer of this House
to be regulated in any other way than the way
in which the salary of this particular officer was
fixed ? I know there has been an attempt made
to have a joint committee of the two Houses to
take into consideration the subject of the num-
ber and pay of the officers of the two Houses.
But nothing has been done in that way yet. All
the officers of the House, ever since its organ-
ization, have received their pay in just this way.
I would ask how could the House provide for
the pay of its officers except iu this way, from
Congress to Congress?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ The point
is simply this : my friend from Maine got this
resolution passed to pay his friend, the Assist-
ant Librarian over there—a most excellent
young man, and whom I should be glad to see
flourish in all conditions of life—to pay him
during this Congress. After he has got that
through Congress, he now comes forward and
proposes to make the office permanent by hav-
ing it put in the general appropriation bill.
Now, there is no law that authorizes us to put
it in this bill. If it is put in there _ it will be
without any law, and it will be making law.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
mo to ask him a question for information? _
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. The person whom I re-
gard as the most valuable in the House Library
is a colored man.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It has
nothing to do with him. _ f
Mr. MAYNARD. In what capacity is he
provided for ?
Mr. BLAINE. He is to be paid as a mes-
senger, further down iu the list.
Mr. MAYNARD. If that bo so, I humbly
conceive that wc have no use for a Librarian
and Assistant Librarian in addition to this mes-
senger.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the pend-
ing amendment has closed.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Blaixk ; and upon a division
there were—ayes seventy-eight.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will not
call for a count of the noes, as I do not want
to break up the committee, but will ask for a
vote in the House. I want to see if the House
will go on and increase the number of its
clerks in this way.
Mr. PIKE. It is a very worthy object in
this case. ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is to
keep in a man from Maine; that is what it is.
The amendment was declared to be adopted.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to further amend
this paragraph by striking out (he words "clerk
j to Committee of Claims, §2,160." The clerk
! to the Committee of Claims has come to be
| a salaried officer, by having been originally
' incorporated in an appropriation bill, according
I to my recollection, somethinglike what we have
I iust done by amending this bill in regard to tba
| Assistant Librarian. In that point ol viw 1
i think we are entirely at liberty now to appro-
