1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
209
40th Conq....3d Sess.
Executive and Judicial Power—Mr. Ashley.
Ho. op Eeps.
a rule it will be found that the larger number
are of the majority party. In a House of two
hundred and thirty-three members we will
have, if about one fifth are absent, say, one
hundred and ninety votes; of this number
ninety-six are a majority. If the -President
return a bill with his objections, my amend-
ment requires the bill to secure one hundred
and seventeen votes to again pass it; whereas
under our present Constitution a less number
may make two thirds of a quorum and pass the
bill over the veto. One hundred and seventeen
members make a quorum in a full House com-
posed of two hundred and thirty-three mem-
bers ; a majority of this quorum, or fifty-nine,
may pass a bill. If it is vetoed and only a
quorum are present, sevsnty-eight members
may pass the bill over the veto, or thirty-nine
less than a majority of all the members of the
House. Practically, then, the proposition which
I make gives the minority all the security they
ought to have against hasty and inconsiderate
legislation where provision is made that a bill
to be repassed must have a majority of all the
members elected and qualified in each House.
It requires time and labor to bring the absent
members here when questions of great import-
ance are pending. A bill, therefore, which on
a rehearing passes both Houses by a majority of
all the members of each, notwithstanding the
President's objections, ought in my opinion to
become a law.
From the organization of the Government to
this hour no one question has employed so
much of the time and attention of the thought-
ful statesmen of the nation as the danger in-
cident to the use and abuse of executive power.
When our entire annual revenue from all
sources did not exceed $25,000,000, and the
number of officers and agents employed by the
Government did not number one fifth what they
do to-day, this subject engaged the attention
for many years of the ablest men in Congress.
Clay, Berrien, Badger, Bwing, White, Web-
ster, and many other statesmen of national
reputations and conceded abilities all concured
in the necessity of modifyingthe executive veto
and limiting the use of executive patronage.
To this last proposition Mr. Calhoun gave much
thought and labor, demonstrating its necessity
by able speeches and one of the most valuable
reports ever submitted on that subject to Con-
gress. No man can read the able reports made
to Congress in 1835 and the discussion on these
two questions in both Houses of Congress,
both before and since that time, without being
deeply impressed with the great wisdom and
foresight of the men whom 1 have named.
Some estimate may be formed of the vast
patronage now at the disposal of the Executive
by an inquiry into the amount of revenue an-
nually collected and disbursed, and the number
of officers and agents employed by the Govern-
ment in its collection and disbursement.
The Clerk will please read the tabular state-
ment which I send to the desk, showing the
amount in millions and tenths collected and
expended by the Government annually.
The Clerk read as follows :
Table showing the receipt  arid expenditure* of tie
United States Government in millions of dollars ana
tenths from July 1,1861, to June 30. 18b8.
Fiscal year. lleceiptx. Expenditures.
186 2  6V2.6
1863   9.36 3
1801 1130.0
186 5 1940.3
186 6 130 i.8
186 7 1203.2
186 8 1200.9
Total in 7 years....8688.1
7969.7
1138.5
Balance*.
Average per ycar.] 241.1
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. It will be seen
by this table that our average annual receipts
for the past seven years were over twelve hun-
dred and forty-one million dollars; that our
annual expenditures were over eleven hundred
und thirty-eight million dollars, and that there
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 14.
has been on an average during all that time
over one hundred million dollars in the public
Treasury.
Mr. Chairman, if the ablest statesmen of the
past generation were alarmed for the safety
of republican institution, because of the use
which the executive power could make of the
patronage of the Government when its entire
revenue did not exceed $25,000,000, and its
officers were less than one fifth of the present
number, what would be their amazement could
they look upon these figures and realize the
enormous increase of power and patronage
now claimed for the Executive and conceded
to him by the leading men of the nation with-
out a protest.
The Official Register for 1867 shows the num-
ber of Government officers and employes in
the civil service to be about seventy-five thou-
sand. The cost of the civil and miscellaneous
list for the fiscal year 1867 was $49,600,000,
and for 1868, $51,600,000. The expenditures
of the War and Navy Departments for 1867 were
$126,000,000; for 1868, $149,000,000. The
number of non-commissioned officers and pri-
vates in the Army for 1867 was seventy-seven
thousand, that of commissioned officers about
three thousand. The number of officers and
men employed in the Navy in 1867 was over
eleven thousand So that in the civil and
military and naval service of the Government
there are over one hundred and sixty thousand
in the employ of the Government, all of whom
are practically subject to the order of the Pres-
ident and dependent for subsistence on the
public Treasury.
Startling as is this array it does not include
those who furnish supplies for the Army and
Navy and for the Indian and other Departments
of the Government, all of whom are more or
less dependent on the Government for support.
Experience teaches us that this vast army of
office-holders, employes, agents, and depend-
ents are influenced more or less by the execu-
tive will, and I am confident their power has
never been overestimated.
Add to these the innumerable number of
office expectants, in every county in every State
and Territory, who are intent on securing the
offices and places now occupied by others, and
you may form some estimate of the many thou-
sands in the country now appealing to the Ex-
ecutive for a recognition of their claims. Oi
this great army a large majority are ready to
declare that every act and utterance of the
Executive is the embodiment ot wisdom and
the perfection of statesmanship ; indeed, they
will not hesitate to say that the most imper-
ceptible wink of the eye or nod of the head of
his Excellency hasbehind it a meaning as full
of significance as any of his utterances. So
utterly abased and subservient has the public
mind become because of the existence of this
overshadowing power that men are dumb in
the presence of the Executive, and dare not so
much as express an opinion, much less criti-
cise unfavorably his official acts. It is welj
known to observers how devoid of all manhood
men become under the practical workings ot
this pernicious system which centers all power
in the hands of the Executive.
Even the acting President, whose treason 1
regard as baser than that of Davis, had an army
of apologists and defenders in the Republican
party. It is well known that there were at one
time in the Senate and House of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress over sixty men elected by the
Republican party who stood ready to cooperate
with Johnson in his work of usurpation it' there
could be but the certainty of success. How
many of them were ready to go the whole
length, as he did, and abandon the great cen-
tral idea of the Republican party will never
be known. Nor will the nation ever know-
how much it owes to its faithful representa-
tives who defeated this infamous conspiracy.
There are members now within the sound ot
my voice who know where these men met :n
secret in this city to confer with a President
whose apostacy was known to all men and
whose treason was as clear as the sun at noon-
day. No such meetings would ever have been
held, no such infamous proposition would have
been for a moment entertained by these men,
but for the fact that the President had the veto
and appointing power. Before this corrupting
power men intrusted and honored by the Re-
publican party abased themselves, and for a
time imperiled the future of the Republic.
OF THE PARDONING POWER.
Mr. Chairman, in order to prevent the abuse
of the pardoning power now conferred by the
Constitution on the Executive, section two of
article two ought to be amended so as to read:
And he [the President] shall have power, with the
approval in writing of a majority of the Executive
council, to grant reprieves and pardons for offenses
committed against the United States after trial and
conviction, except in cases of impeachment; but he
shall grant no general amnesty or pardon to persons
who are or who may have been engaged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion against the United States until bo
shall have first obtained the advice and consent of
the Senate.
I suggest this additional proposition, be-
cause I believe that no one man in any Gov-
ernment ought to be clothed with unlimited
power to grant pardons. It is a power liable
to great abuse in the hands of any man, how-
ever able or upright. In the hands of a bad
man it is a power which defeats the ends of
justice and gives immunity to crime. The
acting President has been for four years a
national dispenser of pardons. I do not now
refer to the unwarranted assumption of power
on the part of the acting Executive in pardon-
ing all the responsible and most guilty leaders
of the late rebellion, nor to the fact that it is
publicly announced as by authority that before
he retires from office he will probably pardon
the last of the assassin conspirators who mur-
dered Mr. Lincoln, and thus placed him in the
presidential office. It is enough to refer to
the fact that he has pardoned confessed crim-
inals before trial, and to the still more startling
fact that he has pardoned over one hundred
men, after trial and conviction, for the crime
of counterfeiting the notes and other securities
of the United States.
I need not say to members of this House
that counterfeiting is one of the most indefens-
ible of all crimes. Successful counterfeiting
requires a large outlay of money; a high order
of intellect and great skill in the preparation
of everything connected with it. It must be
done deliberately and with great secrecy. No
immediate or pressing want of the person en-
gaged in it, nor of any one depending on him
for support, can be the_ impelling cause. No
sudden impulse of passion: no motive such as
often prompts men to commit crime under the
pretext of retaliating for som e actual or fancied
injury: no cry of despair from wife and children
because of hunger and cold, but almost every
person engaged in the commission ol this crime
is a cultivated, deliberate, calculating villain,
coolly weighing his chances and premeditating
his every act. I am unable to divine the motive
which has prompted the acting Executive to
set at large almost every one of this class of
criminals who during the past four years have
been discovered, tried, and convicted at great
cost to the Government. The fact, I believe,
is notorious and undisputed, and I can only
account for the apparent indifference of the pub-
lic to this shameless prostitution of authority,
intended only for beneficent purposes, on the
hypothesis that they feel powerless m the pres-
ence of the defiant usurper of the White House,
who, having been acquitted by the Senate ot
"reater crimes, may, without question and With
impunity, commit the lesser one of turning hun-
dreds of dangerous criminals upon the country
to prey upon the ignorant and unsuspecting and
a<rain engage in depreciating the credit of the
nation by counterfeiting its securities. If the
approval in writing of a majority of Mr. John-
son's Cabinet had been required as a condition
