434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
priate or not for the coming year as we please.
The Committee of Claims at the time this
clerk was first paid a salary was a much more
important committee than it is at this day.
The establishment of the Court of Claims has
withdrawn from the committee a large portion
of the business that it formally transacted.
The amount of business now done by this com-
mittee is no more than that done by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, the Committee on
Naval Affairs, the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, and various other committees of the
House. If we strike out this appropriation in
the bill we leave the clerk of the Committee
of Claims to placed on precisely the same
footing as his brother clerks of the various
other committees; and that is the position
which, in my judgment, he ought to occupy.
Mr. BINGHAM. Do I understand that the
amendment is to reduce the pay of the clerk
of the Committee of Claims?
Mr. MAYNARD. My motion is to strike
out this clause entirely, leaving the clerk of
the Committee of Claims on precisely the
same footing as the clerks of the various
other committees—the Committee on Military
Affairs, the Committee on Naval Affairs, the
Committee for the District of Columbia, &e.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The diffi-
culty is that the gentleman proposes to strike
out the salary, but not to abolish the office.
The office is created by lav/.
Mr. MAYNARD. I stated in the first part
of my remarks, which I presume the gentle-
man did not hear, that the only authority of
law for the existence of this office is simply
that an appropriation was once made for it,
and has been continued for several years.
When we stop the appropriation we discon-
tinue the office at the same time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say, in refer-
once to this subject, that I think Congress acted
wisely in providing salaries for certain clerk-
ships connected with this House. As members
perhaps well know, I have had a connection
with the Committee of Claims that has satdur-
ing the present Congress. The present clerk
of the committee I found occupying the posi-
tion; he had served before in the same capa-
city; but I desire to say that the position
requires an amount of attention and knowl-
edge not ordinarily demanded of clerks in the
service of this House. I regard it as a piece
of very poor economy to cut down the salary
now allowed to the clerk of the Committee of
Claims. My experience upon that committee—
and I hope I may never serve upon it again,
although I feel very much obliged to the House
for appointing me to the position and feel very
well pleased with my associations—enables
me to say that a great deal of attention and
experience is required on the part of the clerk
to keep the records, &c., of the committee.
Give to that committee an unskilled clerk, one
not familiar with its duties, and a very undue
proportion of the time of the members of the
committee will be required for the perform-
ance of the service which is now ordinarily
performed by the clerk. The making up of
an intelligent report which will challenge the
investigation of the House and of every depart-
ment of this Government is a task that cannot
be performed at all by a person unaccustomed
to such duty or not well qualified for it lay
previous education. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] allow me to ask—for I had the
honor of serving upon this committee till I
begged off it; I served on it during two Con-
gresses—whether in his opinion the clerk of
this committee lias any more arduous and re-
sponsible duties than the clerk of the Post
Office Committee, for example, or of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, or the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, or the Committee on Naval
Affairs, or the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
or, indeed, half a dozen others of the more
prominent committees of the House?
Mr. BINGHAM. I think the clerk of the
Committee of Claims has a great deal more
service to perform than the clerk of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. I had the honor
at one time to servo upon the latter commit-
tee, and I know something of its duties. As
for the Post Office Committee, I know noth-
ing about it. But the House is aware that an
infinite number of claims coine before the
Committee of Claims, involving questions of
law and of fact, thus imposing a large amount
of duty upon the clerk of the committee. In-
deed, unless he is in the first place a very
competent man, and in the next place a very
faithful man, the duties of the committee can
scarcely be performed at all.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. T move in
the ninety-sixth line to strike out "one mes-
senger in the House Library, $1,095." That,
is in this bill by mistake. There is no law or
occasion for it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois whether this is not included under the
resolution referred to by the gentleman from
Maine?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
no office authorized by law which this appro-
priation covers.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the gentleman
from Illinois will withdraw his motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
withdraw it. It is an office which we do not
need, and there is no reason for making the
appropriation.
Mr. SPALDING. I say that he is the most
faithful man we have about the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
deny that; but the man we have there is paid,
and paid well.
Mr. MAYNARD. He is of more assistance
than anybody connected with the Library, and
I trust that the House will retain him. I
thought he was one of the officers contemplated
by the gentleman from Maine, but he comes
in, it seems, in the humble character of mes-
senger. I hope he will not be cut off.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I can ex-
plain this matter. We have a messenger now
paid under existing laws in the House Library.
He is a colored man. He is a good man, and
1 hope be will remain where he is. I do not
see, however, the necessity for this special
officer. I do not know that he will getas much
as by being a messenger attached to the docu-
ment library. He is assigned to that library
as messenger, and draws his pay accordingly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How does he get
his pay if he does not get it under just such an
appropriation as this?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Under the
general appropriation made for clerks and
messengers.
Mr. SPALDING. I should like to inqnire
whether this is in addition to the pay of that
messenger to whom he alludes?
Mr. \VASHB(JRNE, of Illinois. I cannot
tell what it is intended for. Instead of having
this messenger detailed for duty at the House
Library, it seems to be for an additional mes-
senger.
Mr. BLAINE. Isheupon the Doorkeeper's
roll?
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ho is upon
the Clerk's roll or some other roll, and is
paid, and paid well.
Mr. MAYNARD. What does this item in
the estimate signify? I find, " for one messen-
ger in the House Library, §1,095."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand that well, it is not founded upon law.
It crept into the estimates for the purpose of
getting us to adopt it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Things do not creep in
of themselves.
Mr. SPALDING.* Who put this in, if my
friend did not?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It got into
the bill by mistake.
Mr. SPALDING. I oppose this amend-
ment unless I am acting under mistake. If this
alludes to the colored messenger in the House
Library, I will say that wo have no more useful
man connected with that Library. I should like
to see him paid, and I will vote against, striking
this out until 1 understand there is something
wrong about it. I think this man merits it.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "ninety-five." The
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
and the members of the Committee ofthe Whole
seem to agree in this, that the particular mes-
senger now employed to take charge of the
House Library shall remain. The question
about which there is difference is, whether !he
shall be added to the number of messengers
employed by the Clerk of the House or shall
remain there as heretofore, as one of the mes-
sengers employed by the Clerk and detailed for
that service. If the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Illinois fails, then we add another
messenger to the number now employed ; but
if that amendment succeeds, then this gentle-
man will remain in his place as heretofore
and receive the same pay. He will remain
where he now is, and we will have the same
number of messengers employed by the Clerk
as heretofore. I do not see, therefore, why the
amendment should not be adopted.
Mr. BLAINE. Where will you find provis-
ion for his pay if not in this appropriation ?
Mr. SCOPIELD. The gentleman comes from
New England and answers one question by
asking another. He wants to know where is
the appropriation for these messengers.
Mr. BLAINE. You will find no other
specification including this man.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My friend
has not looked at this bill, I apprehend.
Mr. SCOPIELD. The gentleman will find
an answer to the question propounded to me
in the'beginning ofthe paragraph in the words,
"for compensation of the officers, clerks,
messengers, and others receiving an annual
salary in the service of the House of Rep-
resentatives. ''
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania will find in line one hundred and
twenty-one a provision for eleven messengers,
&c. The part he has referred to is only intro-
ductory to the paragraph.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like to know how
many messengers we have attached to the
Clerk's office. T find "for three messengers
at $1,440," and " one messenger in the House
Library, $1,095."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the
committee will allow this item to be stricken
out I will obtain all the facts in regard to the
matter and submit them before we pass from
the consideration of the bill.
Mr. ALLISON. I suggest that it would be
better to have the item left in than stricken out.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ 1 under-
stand that very well. If it is left in now it
stays in ; but if it is stricken out the House can
keep it out or insert it.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not now
on striking out, but on varying the amount of
compensation.
Mr. ALLISON. I opppose the amendment
for the purpose of saying that unless this
appropriation is passed the Clerk will have no
appropriation out of which to pay this man.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How is
he paid now ?
Mr. ALLISON. He is paid, I suppose,
under a similar appropriation. I do not know
how he is paid now. I only know the Clerk
has no other means of paying this messenger.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman from
Illinois is right, that he is now paid under that
general allowance—'"eleven messengers, five
at §1,800, and six at $1,440 each ; twelve
messengers during the session, at the rate of
§1,440 each per annum"—if he conies under
that category, then I am content that this other
i item shall be stricken out, for instead of pay-
ing $1,095 it will pay him either $1,800 or
$1,440.
Mr. EAUM. I had a conversation, with Mr.
McPherson, the Clerk, and he told me .that
