1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1387
for promotion, anything in any previous law to the
contrary notwithstanding."
That the House agree to the third amendment of
the Senate.
That the House agree to thefourth amendment of
tho Senate with an amendment, to wit: strikeout
the words "shall on the 1st day of November next
be" and insert in lieu thereof the words " are hereby."
That the House agree to the fifth amendment of
the Senate.
That the House agree to the sixth amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment, to wit: strikeout
all after the word "merit" and insert in lieu thereof
the following: "and shall within one year after such
graduation be entitled to examination for promotion,
and successfully passing the same may then be pro-
moted to theerade of ensign."
That the House agree to the seventh amendment
of the Senate, with an amendment as follows, to wit:
strike out all after the enacting clause of said amend-
ment and insert in lieu thereof the following:
Any officer of the Navy below the grade of com-
mander who, upon examination for promotion, shall
not be found professionally Qualified, shall be sus-
pended from promotion for one year, when he shall
be reexamined, and in case of his failure upon such
reexamination he shall be dropped from the service.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That no promo-
tion to the grade of commodore on the active list
shall be made until the number in said grade shall
have been reduced below fifteen, which shall there-
after be the number allowed by law.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That no promo-
tion to tho grade of lieutenant commander oa the
active list shall be made until the number in said
grade shall have been reduced below eighty, which
shall thereafter be the number allowed by law; and
when tho number of lieutenant commanders shall
have been so reduced the fifth section of the act to
define the number and regulate the appointment of
officers in the Navy, and for other purposes, approved
July 25,1866, shall be repealed. And as tne number
of lieutenant commanders shall be reduced the
number of lieutenants shall be increased until the
number in said grade on the active list shall be two
hundred and eighty, which shall thereafter be the
number of lieutenants allowed by law.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the number
of masters and ensigns allowod by law is hereby
established at one hundred in each of said grades,
and ensigns shall hereafter be steerage officers unless
assigned to duty as watch and division officers.
Nothing contained in this section shall be construed
as vacating the commission of any master or ensign
now in tho service.
Sec.—. Andbe it further trxacted, Thatof theofficers
in this section specified the number allowed by law
shall be as follows: surgeons, seventy-five; passed
assistant surgeons, fifty; assistant surgeons, twenty-
five; paymasters, fifty; passed assistant paymasters
and assistant paymasters, twenty-five each. But
nothing herein contained shall be construed as va-
cating the commission of any officer in either of said
grades now in the service.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the office of
Solicitor and Naval Judge Advocate General is
hereby continued until the 30th day of Juno, 1869.
That the Senate recede from its amendment to the
title of the bMl.
C. D. DRAKE,
JAMBS W. NYE,
F. T. ERELINGHUYSEN,
Managers on the vart of the Senate.
F. A. PIKE,
STEVENSON ARCHER,
T. E. STEWART,
Managers on the part of the Souse.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a question of order.
If I understand, this report of the committee of
conference it covers several distinct sections
upon which this House has not acted.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
New York will examine the matter he will find
that the Senate struck out the House bill from
the enacting clause. The Chair was of the
same opinio'n as thegentleman from New York,
until he examined the bill, that the conference
committee had exceeded their powers.
Mr. BROOKS. I make the point of order
becauso it is one of importance.
The SPEAKER. The title of the bill, which
covers all these cases, is in relation to the
Navy and the Marine corps.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Speaker, this b'ill has ex-
cited some interest and inquiry, and I will
detail briefly what it proposes to do. The
House at the last session passed a bill reducing
the number of officers and privates of the
Marine corps to what it was before the war.
It also reduced the number of engineers so
that they should be substantially as they were
before the war, and made some other changes.
The Senate acted on it, and refused to reduce
the Marine corps, changed the provision- in
reference to engineers, and sent back a pro-
vision increasing the pay and rank of midship-
men. Some other changes were made. There-
upon a committee of conference was appointed,
and that committee has submitted the report
now before the House. It reduces the number
of marines from twenty-five hundred to eighteen
hundred, and the number of officers in propor-
tion. I will say to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] in passing, as I notice
he spoke of the head of the corps of Marines
the other night, that the House struck out the
brigadier general of marines and the Senate
inserted it, and it is as a matter of compromise
that it is now presented to the House. The
number of line officers is reduced as follows:
of commodores, from twenty-fire to fifteen;
of lieutenant commanders, from one hundred
and eighty to eighty; of masters, from one
hudred and sixty to one hundred ; of ensigns,
from one hundred and sixty to one hundred.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow me
to ask what beeomes of those that are struck
out. Do they go into civil life or go out on
half pay?
Mr. PIKE. This report makes no provision
on that subject, but it provides that hereafter
no appointment shall be made in the different
grades when reductions are made. I was going
on to state further that it reduces the staff of
paymasters from one hundred and fifty to one
hundred, and the number of surgeons from two
hundred to one hundred and fifty; and it is
estimated that when this bill goes into full
operation the entire saving will be from nine
hundred thousand to a million dollars a year.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does any-
body go out until he dies ?
Mr. PIKE. The decrease is rapid. There
are some resignations as well as a great many
that quit the service from the fact that at the age
of sixty-two they are retired. The decrease
from natural causes, from being retired, from
resignation, and from death is quite rapid.
These are the general provisions of the bill.
If any gentleman wishes to ask in relation to
the details I shall be happy to answer any
question.
Mr. GARFIELD. There is in this confer
ence report, it seems to me, the same important
principles that we have been discussing in re-
gard to the Army, and I desire to ask the gen-
tleman if I understood him right when I under-
stood him to say that the report proceeds upon
the theory that the Navy is reduced by stopping
new appointments, promotions, and enlist-
ments, and allowing, by the ordinary casualties
that occur, a decrease to be made as has been
contended for in regard to the Army; and if
so, whether that is the principle that has been
established hitherto; or whether what is now
reported on that subject is the adoption of a
new doctrine in regard to the Navy and Marine
corps.
Mr. PIKE. I will say in relation to that
still farther, that to-day the whole number of
officers in the Navy, unlike that of those in the
Army, is very slightly in excess of what -it was
before the war. The volunteers who went into
the Navy have almost all been mustered out,
and the provision here is that what few remain,
except those taken into the regular service,
shall be mustered out. Again, differently from
the Army, where I understand there are but
eleven per cent, of West Point officers, every
officer in the Navy, except the very few taken
from the volunteer service, has been regularly
educated at the Annapolis Academy at the
public expense, or else he was in service before
the establishment of that Academy; and for
various reasons the position of officers of the
Navy is very dissimilar from that of officers of
the Army.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman has not
answered my question.
Mr. PIKE. As I said to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, the diminution to be made will
come from natural causes. No officers will be
mustered out by this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. What has been the prac-
tice in the Navy hitherto?
Mr. PIKE. That has been the practice
hitherto.
Mr. ROSS. I understand the gentleman to
say this report proposes a reduction of the num-
ber of officers to eighteen hundred. Still there
are fifty fifers and fifty drummers left, ibr I
suppose there has been no reduction in that
branch. Now, I find from computation that
there are one fifer and one drummer for every
thirty-six men, and it occurs to me that they
can get along with less fifing and drumming
than that.
Mr. PIKE. I will say to the gentleman that
as we stopped the grog in the Navy some two
or three years ago, we thought it would be hard
to take the music too.
Mr. ROSS. I think there are too many mu-
sicians, and I would like, if I can. do so, to
move to cut the number down to twenty.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done;
the report of the committee must be accepted
or rejected as a whole.
Mr. PIKE. I yield to the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
only to call the attention of the House to what
we are about to adopt as a principle if we adopt
this report. We are to adopt as a principle, first,
that all volunteer officers must be mustered
out; and then that no naval officer who has
been educated at the expense of the United
States is to be mustered out of service, how-
ever supernumerary he may be, so long as ho
may live, or until he arrives at the age of sixty-
two, when he retires on half pay, or pay at
some rate or other which I do not know. Now,
the question is, as we cannot amend this report,
whether the House is prepared to accept it.
We are told by the gentleman form Maine,
with the frankness which distinguishes him,
that there will be $1,000,000 saved when this
bill goes into full operation; and I saw in the
papers that this report will cut down the ex-
penses of theNavy $1,000,000. But the gentle-
man tells us, with equal frankness, that it will
notgo into operation until all the officers of the
Navy die or resign.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to ask the gen-
tlemen if this diminution by natural causes is
any greater than the increase from those that
we annually turn out from the Naval Academy ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I was com-
ing to that in a moment. I was going to say-
that we have got the Academy at Annapolis
precisely as we have the Academy at West
Point, which turns out yearly naval officers
enough to supply, and more than supply, the
places made vacant by death in war or in peace,
and especially in peace.
Mr. ALLISON. Why not reduce the num-
ber of cadets?
>Jr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My friend
in front of me asks why not reduce the number
of cadets at the Naval Academy. Always
when we propose anyreduction gentlemen ask
us why not do something else? It is always
"Do not do this now; do something else."
Why not do something else by alnd by?
Mr. HIGBY. We have already reduced the
number of cadets at the Naval Academy one
half.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It used
to be two from each congressional district, and
now it is only one. We keep the mill grinding
with two hundred and forty m the hopper all
the time. But the greatest question which I
desire to call the attention of the House to is
this, whether we are for all time—because the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] talks
about the precedent, and when we come to
the reduction of the Army, if we ever can
get to it, we shall be told, "See what a pre-
cedent you set in the case of the Navy"—
whether we are forever to debar ourselves of
the privilege and power of getting rid of super-
numerary officers. If we cannot get rid of
them, then we have established an aristocracy
in this country ; we have established a privi-
leged class, educated at the expense of the
Government, and always to hang about the
neck of the Government like the Old Man of
the Sea about Sinbad's, never to be got rid of.
I call the attention of the House ts it because
it is a matter now of great moment, and I do
not see why, if the principle should be carried
out. wc should not embalm the Secretary of
