1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Executive and Judicial Power—Mr. Ashley.
Ho. op Reps.
Soott decision was made on the demand of the
slave power. But for a supposed party neces-
sity there never would have been a Dred Scott
case before the court. It required years of
unscrupulous partisan labor to pack the court
with men who would consent to degrade the
judicial office by making such an atrocious
decision. After the ease had been finally
argued and the court were ready to pronounce
the required pro-slavery judgment upon it, and
had authorized Judge Nelson to prepare the
opinion of the court, dismissing the case on the
only point which the slaveholders then desired
to have passed upon, namely, that Dred Scott
being the descendant of an African slave could
not become a citizen of the United States, and
therefore could not bring a suit in the courts
of the United States against a slave master,
the court were brought to an unlooked-for
point in the case by the announcement of Judge
McLean that he should deliver a dissenting
opinion, and review at length the status of the
slave under the Constitution, thus going into
the whole question of slavery.
It is conceded by all who are familiar with
the inside history of this case that but for the
fact that there were men then upon the bench
of the Supreme Court, as there are now, with
a mania for the Presidency, which can only be
given up at death, we should never have had the
Dred Scott decision. Judge McLean, whose
purity of life and great ability no man who
knew him will question, had for years been an
aspirant for the Presidency. He saw an op-
portunity to make political capital out of a
general review of the slavery question from a
judicial stand-point, and when he announced
his purpose to his associates on the bench he
caused a panic among them, such as does not
often overtake that ''augusttribunal." It was
on the eve of the presidential campaign for
1856, and the pro-slavery party could not afford
to have such $ bomb shell thrown into their
camp. The court, therefore, or a majority of
it, reserved the decision of the question, and
ordered the case to be reargued in order to
gain time and to await the result of the presi-
dential election. They did this in order that
they might know positively whether they could
rely on the executive arm of the Government
to enforce with the Army and Navy their con-
templated usurpation.
Tbe points to be made in Judge McLean's
dissenting opinion were well known to his par-
tisan friends; and the fact that he was to de-
liver such an opinion was publicly used with a
view to secure for him, if possible the Repub-
lican nomination at Philadelphia for the Pres-
idency. The opinions of the majority of the
court were also known to the partisati friends
of the court. After the presidential election
the public mind was prepared for the forth-
coming decision by skillful manipulations, such
as were never employed before. President
Pierce in his last annual message apprised the
country of the fact that this Dred Scott decis-
ion had been agreed upon, although at that
tirae it had not been officially announced from
the bench, and that the court ^'had finally
determined the pending question in every form
in which it could arise." Mr. Buchanan in
his inaugural address referred to the forthcom-
ing Dred Scott decision in these words:
"To their decision, in common with all good cit-
izens, I shall cheerfully submit, whatever it may be.
These declarations of the outgoing and the
incoming Chief Magistrates were demanded by
the slave power, so as to strengthen the pur-
pose of the court, and to give official notice to
all applicants for office under Mr. Buchanan
that they must indorse one of the most_start-
ling and indefensible decisions ever delivered
by any judicial tribunal in the world before
their claims for official positions could even
have a hearing before the Executive. So suc-
cessful did the plotters work, that the partisans
of the court succeeded in many of the free
States in procuring an indorsement by their
party State conventions of this monstrous de
cision. Then the office-seekers of the nation,
with an alacrity and a baseness which no lan-
guage can describe, bowed down in submission
before the slave power, kissed the hands that
smote them, and accepted menial positions as
a reward for their infamy. All this because
the Supreme Court had been molded into a
political tribunal, and had upon its bench po-
litical partisans and aspirants for the Presi-
dency. I wish the court were altogether what
it ought to be now. I regret as much as any
man that it is not. I need not dwell upon the
painful exhibitions which may be witnessed
any day gentlemen will take the trouble to go
into the room of the Supreme Court. There
they will find men upon the bench passing upon
questions of the gravest magnitude who are
utterly unfit for the discharge of such responsi-
ble and important duties as are almost daily
devolving upon them.
It is painful for me to say this, and I do so
only because I believe it to be an imperative
duty. It is proper that the people should know
the facts, so they may demand of their Repre-
sentatives, a remedy for the admitted defect in
oirr judicial system. I presume the members
of the present court are substantially like their
predecessors, no better, and I hope no worse.
It is well known that for some time before
Judge McLean's death his associates on the
bench at the request of friends relieved him
from all responsible labor in the preparation
of opinions. Though sleeping upon the bench
during the greater part of the time the court
was in session, and dying with age, he was
almost daily voting upon aud aiding to decide
questions of the gravest character ; and even
then was not without hope of ultimately reach-
ing the Presidency.
Mr. Chairman, it is a sad sight to see such
a body as the Supreme Court ought to be, with
one third of its members sleeping upon the
bench and dying with age, and the other third
crazed with the glitter of the Presidency. I
need not say how utterly this condition of body
and mind unfits men for the proper discharge
of the judical office. If there is one body of
men more than another in this country who
ought to be financially removed from tempta-
tion, and intellectually to be clear and un-
clouded, as well as free from all partisan am-
bition, it is the members of the Supreme Court.
Our expeiience with this branch of the.Gov-
ernment has been a sad one. I will not attempt
to go into a history of its usurpations, its per-
version of law, its criminal injustice, its po-
litical chicanery. It would employ more than
the entire time allowed me, and then I could
not present one half of the enormities of which
it has been guilty. The people have been com-
pelled more than once to disregard and reverse
its infamous and unjust decisions, and they
must be prepared to do so again. They were
not long in comprehending the extent of the
danger in the Dred Scott usurpation. They
knew that the power which had the conceded
right to pass without appeal on the constitu-
tionality of the nation's laws would soon be-
come the nation's master. If this doctrine
could have obtained, the sovereignty of the na-
tion would, sooner or later, have been usurped
by the national judiciary. Congress might
have enacted laws, but the court would have
annulled them at pleasure. Thanks to the
intelligence and virtue of the people it required
but few years to reverse the Dred Scott decision
and break in pieces the ebony image of slavery
which this "august tribunal" set up and de-
manded the nation should worship. The peo-
ple of this country could not be made to put
then1 hands on their mouths and their mouths
in the dust and cry out great is the Diana of
slavery ; immaculate and wise is this " august
tribunalits interpretation of the Constitution
shall bea •'finality,'' " bindingupon the execu-
tive and legislative departments of the Govern-
ment. and all the officers and agents thereof.'
This attempted usurpation on the part of the
court not only failed, but ignominiously failed,
and the individual members of the court were
arraigned at the bar of public opinion and put
into history with the men who in all ages have
disgraced and dishonored the judicial office.
If the proposition which I have made had
from the organization of the Government been
a part of the Constitution, every man will con-
cede that no such decision as the Dred Scott
decision would ever have been made. Let
us, then, provide for such a reorganization of
the Supreme and district courts of the United
States as experience teaches to be necessary.
Let us also restrict their jurisdiction to the
fewest possible questions consistent with the
administration of the national Government,
and we may hope to see the organization of a
judicial tribunal which shall command the
respect of all Americans, and also the respect
of intelligent men throughout the world.
the minority must have an equitable personal
representation in the government.
Mr. Chairman, the proposition which I now
present is, in my opinion, one of more import-
ance to the future peace and unity of this nation
than any new proposition which has ever been
suggested, involving as it does the whole ques-
tion of representative government, and pre-
senting the question of the right of minorities
to an equitable representation in the Govern-
ment in proportion to their numerical strength
at each election. The Clerk will please read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Article —.
In the election of Representatives to the Congress
of the United States, -whenever more than one Rep-
resentative is to be elected from a ^tate. Congress
shall by law designate the manner in whiehsuch ad-
ditional Representatives shall be chosen, and shall
provide tor securing to the qualified electors in such
S^ate an equitable personal representation in Con-
gress as near as may be.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
under our system constituencies are often com-
pelled to intrust to Representatives, especially
to Senators, the settlement of questions of vast
importance which have arisen after their elec-
tion. Unless some system can be devised by
whi.-h the opinions of a constituency can be
obtained on any new and important question
which may have arisen after the election of a
Senator or Representative, the people must
continue to intrust, as now, the settlement of
such questions to men over whom they can have
no control until the next regular election. The
number of Senators and Representatives who
have served in Congress since I came into pub-
lic life, and have openly aud defiantly betrayed
or misrepresented the constituencies which
elected them, is far greater than is generally
supposed, and until the time came to fill their
places by a new election such constituencies
have been powerless in the presence of their
own chosen servants. It will be conceded by
all that if the voice of betrayed or misrepre-
sented constituencies could have been authori-
tatively heard, great questions which have been
passed upon within the memory of us all would
have been disposed of otherwise than as they
have been, and questions which have not yet
been acted upon would have been settled other-
wise than as they will be.
If in the past quarter of a century the voice
of every constituency in the nation could have
been authoritatively collected, and their will
obeyed, there would have been less of compro-
mising, less of patch-work in legislation, less
defiance on the part of Senators and Repre-
sentatives, and fewer betrayals of constituen-
cies, either by Presidents, Cabinet ministers, or
others. The people, however, are so wedded
to our present system of electing Presidents
and Senators and Representatives that it is
hardly probable they can now be moved to
adopt a plan so advanced as thai which de-
mands the right of every constituency at all
times to instruct or recall their public servants
and substitute others in their stead. It there-
fore becomes all the more important that a
system should be adopted which will secure to
every elector the right to vote for such persons
