1388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
the Navy in the same wayin that Department.
[Laughter.] Why should we have a change?
Again : see what is to happen. We are to
have a brigadier general of this Marine corps
to boss one colonel, fifty fifers and drummers,
and eighteen hundred men, who must by the
service be scattered all over the habitable globe
in our ships.
Now, I agree that all these considerations
seem to fell powerless, but I am glad that so
far as we have gone in this debate nobody has
got up and said that General Grant wants this
or that about it. We have a fair chance for
once. There is no secret conversation to be
retailed on this subject anyhow. But I sup-
pose by and by we shall be told what some-
body else—some admiral wants.
A Member. Or what Secretary Welles
■wants.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes; or
what the Secretary wants. But what I want
to call the attention of the House to is that the
question before us is of more consequence than
the mere reduction of the number of officers
who may die between now and the next ses-
sion of Congress, when, X hope, we shall have
an opportunity and the power to make a reduc-
tion, and show to the country that in this Re-
public no man holds on to Government office
for life, that it is against the whole theory of
the American Government, and that we have
no privileged class. I desire, once for all, to
enter my protest against this, and if the House
sustains this report I will not trouble it on this
subject again.
Mr. PIKE. I now yield for a few moments
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
[Mr. Pike] as to the provision in regard to the
Judge Advocate General of the Navy ? Did it
occur to the gentleman to have a provision for
the detail of an officer to perform the duties of
a judge advocate general without the addition
to his pay that his rank would entitle him to?
I think the report of the committee of confer-
ence continues that officer until July next.
_ Mr. PIKE. Personally I should have de-
sired what the gentleman suggests. But as a
compromise this provision was put in the re-
port.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I am sorry for that.
Mr. PIKE. It runs only to the 1st of July
next.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think an officer of the
Navy or of the Marine corps might have been
detailed to do this duty. But as the report of
the committee of conference is not divisible,
of course I cannot move an amendment to it.
I have one word to say, with the permission
of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike,] in
reply to what has fallen from the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] because I
propose to vote for this report of the committee
of conference as perhaps the best we can get,
although I make the exception to it I have
indicated. And if I do vote for that report
I am liable to the criticism which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts has made, of not being
iu favor of reform.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, I think,
fails to understand one thing. He is in favor
of reform, and radical reform. A great many
others are also. But the gentleman may not
know why he so frequently fails in his propo-
sitions. It strikes me that he sometimes fails,
because either from his love of sensation or
something else he is very often betrayed into
making his propositions so extreme and so
harsh that they recoil and fail to pass. That
is exactly whfit I think he would propose in this
case. He objects, to the diminution of the
number of officers in the Navy by this process
ol gradual reduction, by this sifting process,
by this failingto fill vacancies when they occur,
by this reduction which has already been made
of the number of pupils at the Naval Academy
to one half of what it formerly was : so that
the supply of educated officers is not so great
as it was originally. He objects to that, and
would prefer that we should at once determine
to select and dismiss and turn out a portion of
the officers.
Now, the business of a sailor is not to be
learned in a day ; it is a profession. Itinvolves
a great deal of knowledge—not all perhaps
which is taught at the Naval Academy at An-
nopolis—buta great deal of knowledge is neces-
sary for filling creditably the position of a place
in his profession. It involves the necessity of
learning a great many things which are pecu-
liar, and which require a special form of educa-
tion, and we cannot fill up our Navy at pleasure
at all times with officers in every way qualified
without having some school for their educa-
tion, or without at least having some prelimi-
nary practice in the profession, to extend over
a number of years, so as to enable a man to fill
with proper capacity and credit the higher
grades of the profession. If we adopt the plan
of reducing by turning out, by sending adrift
from our small Navy a number of the officers,
instead of this plan of gradual reduction, what
do we say to those men, and what do we do in
regard to them ? They are now growing old in
a profession which is peculiar in its character,
with a pay which has barely given them sub-
sistence. They would feel very much as the
gentleman from Massachusetts would if he
depended entirely upon his profession as a law-
yer for support and subsistence, if without
any particular offense on his part he were de-
barred on the approach of old age. It would
be easy for his neighbors to say, "Let him turn
his attention to some other business ; let him
become a doctor ; let him become a preacher :
let him fee a mechanic ; let him till the soil."
Now, I am afraid that the poor old lawyer
turned out under these circumstances would
make but a bad fist of it in either of those other
avocations of life.
, Now, there is something to be said on both
sides of this question. But it occurs to me that
the failure of the attempt at reform may some-
times arise from the fact that the proposition
for reform is urged here in so extreme and
harsh a manner that the very object sought for
is defeated. I prefer, though I do not agree per-
haps with the gentleman from Massachusetts,
the method of reduction proposed in the report
of the committee of conference. Although I
object to some points embraced in that report,
yet as it_ is incapable of division I shall vote
for it as it stands.
Mr. PIKE. I yield five minutes to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Robinson.]
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Speaker, it is diffi-
cult to understand the reason for the opposition
which the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] concentrates upon the Marine corps.
He speaks of this corps contemptuously as tho
" horse marines," and speaks of "one briga-
dier general to boss one colonel and one col-
onel toboss somebody else." I do notsee why
the gentleman should use such language. Does
he mean to intimate that the Marine corps has
not performed its duty as well as any other arm
of the service in either the Navy or the Army ?
I hold in my hand a report made during the
last Congress by the Naval Committee of this
House; and by this report it appears that all
efforts to cut down this corps have been opposed
by such men as Hull, Decatur, Stewart, Roagers,
Bainbridge, Biddle, Patterson, Stockton, Greg-
ory, Downes, and a host of others. Admiral
Farragut says:
" I have always deemed tho marine guard one of
tho great essentials of a man-of-war for the preser-
vation of order and maintenance of discipline." *
* „ ,! « „"Tlley work and fight their guns
well. " It is next to impossi-
ble to maintain the efficiency of the ship and proper
discipline without the restraints of the soldier over
tho sailors; and. in myopinion.to blend their duties
would, be to destroy the efficiency of both, and its
necessity, not only for the sustaining discipline on
board ship, but for its manifest usefulness m shore
operations."
Vice Admiral Porter says:
If the marines are abolished half the efficiency
of the Navy will be destroyed."
So that if the gentleman from Massachusetts
should succeed in striking down the Marine
corps he would destroy half the efficiency of
the naval force of our country.
Porter continues:
Vice Admiral
" They arc as necessary to the well-being of a ship
as the officers. X hope for the good of the service that
no attempt will be made to interfere with the corps
in any way unless to increase it.
I take it that the opinion of Vice Admiral
Porter upon this question is of equal value
with, the opinion of the distinguished gentle-
man from Massachusetts. He continues:
" The Navy would truly feel the blow. X am sure
you will not find any advocate for touching the
Marine corps among any officers of experience in the
Navy."
I might go on and show what our marines
have done in our various naval battles, includ-
ing the celebrated encounter in the war of
1812 between the Constitution and the Guer-
riere. I might refer, indeed, to every naval
battle in our history to show how well this arm
of the service has maintained its position. I
might refer particularly to the capture of New
Orleans during the late war. That city stood
for a long time belligerent and recalcitrant.
Our forces were gathered again and again to
take New Orleans from the rebels. Finally,
it was an officer of this abused Marine corps
who went ashore and captured that city, taking
down the rebel flag from the City Hall. It was
not the Army that did it, although I believe the
distinction of the achievement has by some been
awarded to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Never.
Mr. ROBINSON. Was not a flag presented
to the city of Boston upon one occasion as
that which had been taken down by the army
of the gulf?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Never.
The American flag that was raised after the
capture of the city was put under the guard of
a squad of marines, and was taken down by a
party of drunken gamblers and roughs, and all
that the commanding general had to do with
the matter was that he hanged the ringleader
of the mob.
Mr. ROBINSON. And some persons whose
opinions are worthy of respect think that there
were no better reasons for severity in that case
than in many other oases were the gentleman
from Massachusetts, as military commander,
was much more lenient. I will not enter into
a controversy with the gentleman on that point.
But I say that the rebel flag flying over the
City Hall of New Orleans was hauled down by
the Marine corps, while the guns of Admiral
Farragut were trained upon the city, theofficers
in command of the battalion of two hundred
and fifty marines enduring insults, whose per-
petrators deserved punishment as much as the
man that was hanged by the gentleman from
Massachusetts. That officer might have been
able to boast of hanging certain parties—a sig-
nal from him would have laid the city in ruins—
yet, for the sake of the country, for the sake
of peace, for the sake of putting down the re-
bellion without the unnecessary shedding of
blood, he marched to the City Hall, through a
surging body of rebels, quietiy and heroically
brushing aside all opposition, and took down
the rebel flag and delivered it to Admiral Far-
ragut. That flag was boxed up and brought
to Washington by the gallant Admiral Theo-
doras Bailey, who distinguished himself so
conspicuously in the capture of New Orleans.
Sir, the history of the Marine corps is the
history of our country's bravery. I hope the
report of the conference committee will be
•adopted.
Mr. PIKE. I will yield now to the gentle-
man from Tennessee.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say, Mr.
Speaker, that I do not concur in this report in
all of its features. When the millennium comes,
and nations learn war no more, we can dis-
pense with an army and a navy, but until that
time we shall need them both. We have found
them necessary since the beginning of the Gov-
ernment, and may find them necessary in the
future ; and ! have no sympathy with that op-
position which speaks of the officers of the
Army and the Navy, men who from their early
youth have devoted themselves to the public
