1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487
mi?sion by land of all the newspapers andheavy docu-
ments. riiib, oi course, added very largely to the
weight oi the mails. I stated at that time what the
bids weie tor toe conveyance of these mails, and how
that some ot the parties had bid with reference to
curr>ing the letter mails as the law then stood, and
other parties had bid with reference to carrying tho
entire mails it' we should amend the law and open the
mails tor the transportation of alt the papers. It
turned out as I stated to the House. In consequence
ot the passageof that law parties who had bid lor car-
rying the letter-mails onlyrefused tocarry the mails,
and did not execute a contract. The Postmaster
General fell back upon "Wells, Fargo & Co., and made
a contract with them. The manner of doing so and
the reasons for making the contract he has reported
to the House by special communication as well as m
his annual report. The whole amount for the con-
veyance of the mails ^pursuance ot thatcontract
will probably notcxceed $600,000 at the time tho rail-
road is completed across the continent. One quarter
or less than a quarter is now due."
s. h. # # v * # * a #
" Mr. Farnsworth. I desire to say a word in re-
ply to what my collcaKue has said, i do not object
to an investigation. I did not objcct tbe other day.
I desire that an investigation shall bo made. lam
no champion of the Postmaster General or of Wells,
Fargo Co., but I do not believe in the right ot
the House ot Representatives to interfere with the
performance ot a mail contract, and upon the mere
statements of some outsido parties, the <?.r .partes tate-
inents of outsiders or a mere letter of a post office
agent, without explanation, to postpone indefinitely
the payment of the contract price for carrying tho
mails in accordance with a contiact which has been
properly made."
j; 4 & ***#
" Mr. Farnsworth. The House must understand—
if members from the eastern part of the country do not
understand from conversation with members from
the Pacific slope and Delegates irom the Territories,
they will understand in a very short time—something
about the expense of equipping and running stages
in that country. They will readily perceive the im-
portance,.the absolute necessity, of paying the con-
tractors for conveying the mails as the monoy becomes
due, in order to secure the proper transmission ot the
mails, The fai lure of the Department for onequarter
to pay what is due to a contractor for carrying the
mails in that country will pretty certainly insure the
dropping of the mails andthe cessation ot the runn ing
of the stages. It is, I understand, in view of this lac',
that the Postmaster General hus revoked, as he has
stated in his communication to my colleague, the
order lcfusing to pay the contractor for carrying the
mails. And I comers, sir, that I approve the conduct
of tho Postmaster General in this particular. I think
he has done perfectly right. In taking this action he,
ot course, knows better than I do whether there has
been any fraud m making tniseontract. He has taken
thu action in full view of the fact that an investiga-
tion of the matter will probably be ordered by this
House. The whole thing will be investigated ; and
if he is paying out money from the Treasury in pur-
suance of a. contract which is fraudulent, and which
shall hereafter be so proved, he. of course, takes the
risk upon his shoulders. But if ho is conscious that
ho has committed no fraud, and that these parties
arc in good faith performing their contract, I cer-
tainly approve and justify his course m paying them
the contract'price for carrying this mail, notwithsr
st anding my colleague may have interposed a request
that the contractors should not be paid. It I a
contractor lor the Government, and wercperloipning
my duties I should thinkitexccedinglyhardthatthe
Department should refuse to pay mo lor doing what
I had agreed to do upon the mere request of a mem-
ber of Congress basing his request upon the flying
newspaper reports that he mighthave euUroin some
of the public journals."
^ ******* * *
"Mr. Farnsworth. Mr. Speaker, so far as regards
the information obtained from Mr. Ball, the special
agent of the Post Office Department, I have read
that. It was sent to this House by the Postmaster
General with his own communication. Mr. .bail, it
is true, speaks of several occasions some time ago—
not many occasions—when he saw, as he says, large
piles of mail matter—six thousand pounds, perhaps-
piled up m an open yard. How is that explained:
why sir, if my colleague had taken the pains that 1
have taken to investigate this matter; if he had ,
examined other reports and other papers on hie (for j
this report of Mr. Ball came from the Post Otnco:
Department) he would have found how the matter
happened. Frequently, on account of storms, the
Pacific railroad trains do not come in on time: they
are a day or two behind hand. In the mean time no
mail is brought in, and the stages have gone out
empty. But tbe tram comcs in with all the accumu-
lated mail matter, amounting, perhaps, to live or
six ions, and it is dumped down. Asfast as therail-
road is extended an additional twenty-five or fifty
miles a new depot is established, which is, of course,
i very temporary affair, with out proper buildings for
the storage of tho mails. The stages cannot carry
off six tons of mail matter in one day—this heavy
paper mail. What do they do,? They are obliged
to draw it off as they can; to take what they can on
the stages to-day, then take what they can to-mor-
row, and the balance of it the day after, until itis all
cleared up. That is the way it is done.
^ ... .j. \ % X !• * * *
" Mr. Wasiibuknk. of Illinois. I ask that the res-
olution bo now voted upon. .  
"The Speaker. It reqmres unanimous consent
for the resolution to be received and acted upon at
this time.
" Mr. Johnson. I object."
[Prom Globe January 12—Proceedings January 11.]
" Consular, dbc., Appropriation DHL
'The Speaker. Tho morning hour has now ex-
pired, and the House resumes the consideration of
the amendments reported from the Committee of the
Whole to the consular and diplomatic impropriation
bill, upon which the gentleman fromTtilinois [Mr.
Washburne] is entitled to the floor.
"Mr. Farnsworth. Will my colleague yield to
me to offer a resolution ?
" Mr. W ashburne, of Illinois. After the consular
'bill shall have been disposed of I propose to go mto
Committee of the Whole on the naval appropriation
bill. Before doing so, however, I will yield to gen-
tlemen to get in some business they desire to intro-
duce.
•44 Mr. Farnswortii. I want to introduce a resolu-
tion for a committee of investigation on some post
office matters that have already been referred to in
debate here. ,
"Mr. Wastiburne, of Illinois. If I yield at all for
smch a purpose it will be to the gentleman from ISew
Hampshire, [Mr. Fla.J
"Mr. Suuu.nck. I call for the regular order.
" Order of Business.
"Mr. Washbtjrne, of Illinois. I now move that
the rules be suspended, and that the Houso resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on tho state
of the Union, and take up the naval appropriation
bill; and pending that motion I yield, accoidmg to
promise, to the gentleman from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Ela.]
"Mr. Pomeroy. I object. ,
" Mr. WasiiburxXis, of Illinois. Then I withdraw
the motion.
41 Wells, Fargo & Company.
"Mr. Ela. I move to suspend the rules for the
purpose of offering the following resolutions :
" Heaoloedi Thata. special committee of livo be ap-
pointed to investigate all matters connected with the
contracts of W ells, Fargo & Co. for carrying the over-
land mails, and also the manner in which the mail
service has been performed, and whether any mail
service Iras been increased which was not warranted,
and it so to what extent; and whether any money
has been paid to contractors without certificate of
service periormed, and if e-o to whom and by whose
order and to what extent; with power to send lor
persons and papers, and to employ a clerk and sten-
ographer, and report at any time.
" And be itjurthcr resolved, That the proper officers
of tho Treasury Department bo requested to make
no payment to said Wells, Fargo & Oo. on their said
contract till the matters connected therewith shall
be fully investigated. _
" Mr. Pomeroy. Allow me one moment, iopart
of the resolution there is no objection; that is, so far
as tho investigation is concerned. But as regards
stopping tho payment of moneys under the Gov-
ernment contract, it would be very extraordinary,
it seems to me, to order it to bo done without any
discussion of the merits of the question.
"Mr. Washburne, of Illinois. There is no con-
tract which has been performed.
"Mr. Pomeroy. There has been a contract per-
formed, and more service periormed than the moneys
duo to-day will cover. The company is at a loss to-
day for the Government moneys due under the con-
tract, as can be shown to the satisfaction of this
House in a debate on the subject. So far as the in-
vestigation of the contract is concerned, 1 wish to
have it done; but I do not want, undercover of that
proposition, to deprive tbe company of moneys le-
gally earned and at a I033 to them in doing this very
set vice. If the resolution may bo divided I have no
objection to interpose.
"ThoSpeaker. It cannot bo divided under the
motion to suspend the rules.
" Mr. Washburne, of Illinois. I hope the House
will adopt the resolution and suspend tho payment.
It will take only thirty days, any how.
"Mr. Farnsworth. I desiromyself to have the
contract investigated, though 1 seo there has been
some innuendoes sent out that I oppose the investi-
gation. I tried to get the floor this morning tor the
purpose of offering a resolution for the appointment
of a spccial committee, intending to say that 1 did
not wish to be appointed on that committee.
" Mr. Scoriri,!). Is this debatable?
"Tho Speaker. Only by unanimous consent.
"Mr. Scopield. I object.
"The Speaker. Does the gentleman from i\ew
Hampshire move to suspend the rules simply to in-
troduce the resolution, or for the purpose ot agreeing
to it as well? „ , ..
" Mr. Ela. For the purpose of agreeing to it.
"Mr. Farnswortii. I desire to ask if any mem-
ber or Delegate interested in this mail service desires
this to bo done? So far as I know there is none.
"Mr. Washburnk, of Illinois. I demand the yeas
and nays on suspending the rules.
"The veas and nays were ordered.
4' Mr. Ela. I will modify tb e resol ution by striking
outthe last clause, 4 till the matters connected here-
with shall be fully investigated,' and substituting
therefor the words 4 during the next thirty days.
"The question was taken; and there were—yeas j
83, nays 55, not voting 73; as follows:
"Yeas—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell, Delos ;
R. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Beaman, Beatty, JJen- ,
jamin, Bingham, Blair, Boles. Boutwell, Bowen,
Boyden, Buckland, Burr, Roderick R.Butier, Ulliy, ■
Churchill, Reader W. Ularke, bidney 0 arke, Oobb,
Cook, Corley,Cornell. Cullom, Dnwes, Delano.Dixon,
Dockery, Ela, Fields, French, Getz, Goss, Gravely,
Halsey, Hawkins, Heaton, Chester 1), Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Hunter, Alexander H. Jones.J"tn'
Kelley.Kelsey, Kitchen, Loughridge, McCarthy, Mil-
ler, Moore, Moorhead, Mullins, Hewcomb, 1 ame,
Perham, Pierce, Pike. Plants, PoMey, Price, Prince,
Sawver, Seofield, Shanks, Shellabarger, tepaldiag.
Stover, Sypher, Taffe. Tnonias, Tilt, John irunble,
Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn, \ an Trump,
Vidal, Ward, Khlm B. Washburnc, Henry D. Wnsh-
burn. Walker, WhiUsemore, William Williams, Win-
dom, and Woodward—88.
"Nays —Messrs. Axtell, Banks, Barnum, Beck,
Gary. Ohanler, Clift, Eidridge, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Ferriss, Fox, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Gnswold,
Grover, Ilaight, Harding, Higby, Hotebkiss, Hum-
phrey,Ingorsoll, Johnson,ThomasL. Jones; Ivefceha.ro,
Knott, Lincoln, Mallory, Marvin, Maynard. McCul-
lougli, McKee, Mcruur, Morrell, Mungen, Niblack,
Nicholson, Norris, O'Neill, Peters, Poland, Pomeroy,
Robertson, Robinson, Roots. Stewart, Stokes, Taber,
Lawrence S. Trimble, Twichell, Van Acmam,
VanAuken, Stephen F. Wilson, Woodbridge, and
Young—55.
"Not Voting —Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
JamesM. Ashley, Bailey, Barnes, Benton, Blackburn,
Blaine, Boyer,Bromwcll, Brooks, Broomall.Buckloy,
Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Coburn, Covode, Deweese,
Dickey, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs. Eckley, Edwards,
Eggleston.B'erry, Garfield, Gove, Hamilton, Iiaughey,
Hill.Holman, Hooper. Hopkins Asalie) W.Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Jcnckes, Kellogg, Kerr, Koontz,
Laflin, Lash, George V. Lawrence, Wi liam Law-
rence, Loan. Logan, Lynch, Marshall, McCormick,
Morrissey, Myers, Newsham, Nunn. Ortb. Pettis,
Phelps, Pile, Pruyn, Randall, Raum,Ross, Schenck,
Selyc, Sitgreaves, Smith, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stone, Taylor, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck,
C.idwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Thomas Williams, JamcsF. Wilson,JohnT.Wilson,
and Wood—178.
44 So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
"Mr. Boutwell obtained the floor.
"Air. Farnsworth. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to give way to me to offer a resolution
for the appointment of a committee to investigate
this matter, without the other part of the resolution.
*4 Mr. Washiujrxe, of Illinois. What will bo tho
use of investigating when the money is takon ?
"Mr. Farnsworth. It is not investigation the
gentleman wants; that is the trouble. It is investi-
gation we want. We want facts. My colleague does
" Mr. Wasuburne, of Illinois. I understand what
kind of an investigation my colleague wants.
" Mr. Farnsworth, I want facts, not hearsay; 1
want affidavits, not innuendoes.,
"Mr. Boutwlll decliued to yield the floor.
"Mr.Pikk. Iunderstandthatthcgontlemanfrom
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] is willing that his col-
league shall yield to me.
"Mr. Farnsworth. I am willing to give way as
soon as I can offer a resolution.
"Mr. Moobhbao. I wish to inquire what bil*
comes up if we go into Committee of the Whole? I
understand it is the tariff bill.
"The Speaker. The naval appropriation bill has
priority as a special order."
Mr. WASHBUENE, of Illinois. Mr.
Speaker, I do not know that I am called upon
to make any extended reply 
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Wilson,
of Iowa.) Is there any objection to allowing
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washborxe]
to reply to his colleague ?
There was no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr.
Speaker, I do not intend to take any part in
any (fiarrels going on between my colleague
[Mr. Farnsworth] and the newspaper editors
and reporters. I presume that he can take
care of himself, and that, the editors and re-
porters can take care of themselves. I do not
propose to interfere in the matter.
in reference to this investigation I have done
simply my duty. My colleague and myself,
however, "do not exactly agree in regard I o this
matter of objection. I understood him very
distinctly to object to this investigation as pro-
posed in the resolution of the gentleman Irom
New Hampshire, [Mr. Ela.] My colleague
has undertaken to hold me responsible for the
fact that an investigation was not ordered
before to-day.
What are the facts? After this matter was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and afler the committee had examined the
subject and had come to the conclusion that
they could not make the necessary examin-
ation, J, in conversation with the gentleman
from New Hampshire, suggested that 1 would
yield to him when I obtained the floor in
order that he might offer his preamble and
resolution. The preamble and resolution were
offered, and I understood my colleague to ob-
ject to them ; and when 1 asked my colleague
in reference to it, and as to why he objected
to the resolution, he said that was on account
of the preamble. I then told him that I would
■ let the preamble go, as the resolution was what
