1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1889
service, as a band of aristocrats, and which'
throws out other barbarous epithets against
them. It seems to me, sir, that the effect of
this report will be to pat a great body of the
officers permanently upon the shelves, as it
will be impossible for them in the nature of
things to obtain advancement. We shall have
midshipmen with gray hairs, and ensigns tot-
tering under the weight of years.
One suggestion I should be happy to see in-
corporated^ that we should stop, so far as we
can, accretion by the graduates from the Naval
Academy. I do not mean that we should sus-
pend the operations of the Academy. If it
were not established already we might consider
that question, but as it is established we might
just as well educate four hundred youths as
forty. I would allow them, however, when
they graduated, either to go into the naval ser-
vice or into civil life, at their option. Many
would avail themselves of this permission and
go into the commercial marine. I have in my
mind a young man, a native of Kentucky, who
after he graduated wished to enter the sacred
ministry, but permission to do so was peremp-
torily refused. By allowing these young men
to return to civil life the number of naval offi-
cers would not be so great, and this body of
educated young men, educated in nautical
affairs, if a war should arise, and it should be
necessary to call for volunteers, would furnish
the best material from which to select them. I
would like to see this provision incorporated
in the bill, and because it is not incorporated
in the bill I shall vote against concurring in
the report of the committee of conference, so
that the whole subject may go to another con-
ference committee.
Mr. GARFIELD. After the debate that has
been had on this report I have nothing further
to say on the general question. I shall vote to
concur in the report of the committee of con-
ference, but I desire the attention of the chair-
man of the committee for a few moments. I
will state for the information of the House,
and perhaps for the information of the com-
mittee itself, that the pay of the Navy for the
same grade is higher than that of the Army.
The grades are so adjusted that we know what
rank in the Navy corresponds with any partic-
ular rank in the Army. I will compare the pay
of some naval officers at sea with the pay of
Army officers in the field. An ensign at sea
gets $30 a month more than a second lieuten-
ant, which is the corresponding grade in the
Army; a master $59 more thau a first lieu-
tenant ; a lieutenant $90 more than a captain ;
a lieutenant commander $74 more than a
major ; a commander §101 more than a lieu-
tenant colonel; and a captain $155 more than
a colonel in the field. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Maine whether the increase
of thirty-three and one third per cent., ordered
in May, 1866, to officers at sea, now prevails,
and whether that increase is by regulation or
by law? I think there ought not to be any
difference in the pay.
Mr. PIKE. That there may not be any mis-
apprehension in reference to this matter let me
state some facts. An Admiral gets $10,000 a
year, while a General of the Army, which is
the corresponding rank, gets some $24,000; a
Vice Admiral $7,000 and a Lieutenant Gen-
eral $22,000; a rear admiral $5,000 and a
major general $11,000; a commodore $4,000
and a brigadier general $7,500; and so on
down the list, the officers of the Army receiv-
ing nearly double the pay of the corresponding
officers of the Navy. So much, then, for the
gentleman's facts.
Mr. GARFIELD. Let the gentleman go
down the list further.
Mr. PIKE. An ensign—lowest grade of
Navy officers—receives $1,200, while an offi-
cer of the corresponding grade in the Army
receives 177.
Mr. GARFIELD. Twelve hundred dollars
for pay and allowance?
Mr. PIKE. For pay and allowance of about
one hundred dollars for rations. The peculi-
arity of the Army is, the officers have sundry
and divers mysterious allowances that nobody
but an expert can find out, whereas you can
take this book that I hold in my hand and tell
to a cent how much a naval officer receives.
I tried once to find out the pay of Army offi-
cers ; I followed it-up for a month, but could not
get a satisfactory answer to my inquiry. This
House sent a resolution of inquiry for the same
purpose, and it could not find out. It was only
by inquiries of the accounting officers of the
Department that I have been able to ascertain
in detail what the pay of an Army officer is.
And in making up the pay of an Army officer
I do not take into account the important feet—
detailed at length by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler]—that the best pieces
of beef come to the officers, and the poorer
pieces to the men.
Mr. GARFIELD. Which is not the fact. I
desire to say 
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Speaker, I cannot yield
any further.
Mr. GARFIELD. I only want to correct
the gentleman. Is not the pay of an ensign
$100 per month, or $1,200 per year; and does
he not receive in addition to that $7 75 per
month; and also, while at sea, thirty-three and
one third per cent, increase, making a total
of $143 66 per month as the pay of an ensign
at sea?
Mr. PIKE. And then the pay of an Army
officer of like grade is $2,177.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman if
it is not the fact as I have stated?
Mr. PIKE. I have yielded to this irrelevant
colloquy too long already.
Mr. LOGAN. I will state the difference
between the pay of an officer of the Army and
one of the Navy if the gentleman will let me.
Mr. PIKE. The.gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] would take these favored
officers by the shoulder and dismiss them sim-
ply withoutpay of any kind. Now, the present
number of commodores in the Navy is twenty-
five, and the proposition in this report is to
reduce the number to fifteen. And here let
me call the attention of the House to facts
stated in the Naval Register. Of twenty-five
commodores now in the service the youngest
one has been in the service thirty-five years.
No other one of the list entered the service
since 1828. They have been sailors for forty-
one years and over. I suppose none of them
entered the service younger than twelve or
fifteen years of age.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman will allow me 
Mr. PIKE. I know previous to that time they
entered the service at an earlier age. Admiral
Goldsborough entered it when ho was nine
years of age. But it is not true that any one of
the eommo'dores entered so young. Probably
no one of them entered it before he was twelve
years old; so that all except one must be at least
fifty-three years of age. For forty odd years they
have been in the naval service, a«d probably
one half of that time at sea.
Now, what is the proposition ? On the one
side it is to dismiss them at once and without
any pay whatever. The men who have trod the
quarter-deck for forty years, and who have
received so small a pittance as to allow them
to make no accumulation whatever, are to be
dismissed to get their living in some other way
if they can. 1 say they make no accumulations,
because with their moderate pay they would
necessarily find it difficult to lay by anything
under favorable circumstances, but from time
to time all officers in turn are called upon at sta-
tions abroad to dispense the hospitalities oftheir
positions, and every gentleman knows what
that means when sailors have to da it; unless
they do it generously they encounter the sneers
of their associates under a foreign flag, and they
are considered mean and inhospitable. The
consequence is, these officers at mature age
have little or nothing to depend upon except
their pay. Now, will gentlemen say, " We will
strike you from the list?" Has that been the
policy of the Government up to this day*? And
has it grown so poor and mean that now at
the triumphant conclusion of the war, taking
account of our resources, we will retrench by
lopping off a few hundred dollars from ten poor
Commodores' pay? Sir, if this House wants
an organ through which to present such a bill
to Congress and to the country it must seek
some other person than I to do it. I do not pro-
pose to present any such bill to this Congress.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 do not desire to be under-
stood as making any opposition to the report
of the committee of conference, but I want the
gentleman to state to the House how much
these commodores received during the war, over
and above their pay, by way of prize money.
One man whom I could name, and who was
not in a battle, received $900,000, I think, as
prize money.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to make a point
of order on the last five sections of the bill
reported by the committee on conference.
The SPEAKER, It is too late. ,
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to say furthermore,
that during the war the officers of the Navy
received pay and allowances according to the
law at that time. When the war was over, and
they did not have any fighting to do, you in-
creased their pay thirtx-three per cent. They
receive thirty-three' per cent, more now than
they did during the war. And it is the same
with Army officers. During the war a major
general received $6,000 a year for fighting in
the field ; now a major general receives$9,000
for staying at his house.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman from Illinois
state which of these commodores received
$900,000 in prize money?
Mr. LOGAN. I did not say it was one of
those the gentleman mentioned. I said there
was an officer who received that amount.
Mr. PIKE. Well, it must be one of these
on the list; which one was it?
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman ison the Naval
Committee, and ought to know.
Mr. PIKE. I ask the gentleman which one
it was? The committee ascertain facts, not
unfounded surmises.
Mr. LOGAN. Thirteen million dollars was
paid to the Navy as prize money.
Mr. PIKE. I pin the gentleman to his state-
ment. Which one of the commodores was it
that received $900,000?
Mr. LOGAN. It does not make any differ-
ence.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman has made the
statement, and I ask him which one it was. If
he does not choose to state I cannot oblige him
to do so; but I will express my belief that no
one of the commodores received any $100,000.
Nay, further, I will express the belief that a
majority on the list of commodores did not
receive $10,000. I will state further that none
of them received any pay in the shape of prize
money except under the old prize law that has
been in existence ever since this was a Gov-
ernment; and not only during the existence
of this Government, but ever since they had a
navy in Great Britain for the encouragement
of both officers and seamen. And no gentle-
men, in their zeal for reform, have advocated
a repeal of the prize law. Not even the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bctler,] in
his great anxiety for retrenchment, has pro-
posed to the seamen of the Navy that hereafter
they shall receive nothing from captured ves-
sels of the enemy. The pay they have received
in this way has been taken from the foe—and
they have paid an equal amount to the Govern-
ment—and ho gentlemen rise here and ask to
change that rule. When they do come and asb
to change that rule it will then be for the
House to determine whether or not it will
change it. I call the previous question on the
report of the committee of conference.
Mr. FERRY. I desire to raise a point of
order on the report.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan of coarse knows that it is too late to mak-e
a point of order on the report. He is too
familiar with the rules to make a point of order
seriously after the report has been debated for
an hour.
