1390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, called for
the yeas and nays on agreeing to the report of
the committee of conference.
Mr. SPALDING- called for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was agreed to; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Leave of absence from to-night's session was
by unanimous consent granted to Mr. Stone,
on account of sickness, and to Mr. Washburn
of Indiana, Mr. Van Horn of New York, and
Mr. Pomeroy.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The House now resumes
the consideration of the contested-election case
from the Territory of New Mexico, upon which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.PETTis]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PETTIS. I yield the floor to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] who desires
to ask unanimous consent of the House to re-
port from the Committee of Claims a bill for
the relief of one of my constituents. And I
would esteem it a personal favor if that bill
could be acted upon at this time.
peter m'gough.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the
Committee of Claims to ask unanimous con-
sent of the House to allow me to report for
consideration at this time a bill for the relief
of a citizen of the State of Pennsylvania. I
beg leave to say to the House that it does not
involve any appropriation of money. But under
existing laws the Treasury Department is not
able to settle the accounts of the collector of
the twentieth internal revenue district of Penn-
sylvania unless this bill be passed. The action
of the Committee of Claims in recommending
the passage of this bill is supported by the
official letters ofthe Secretary of the Treasury
and of the Commissioner of Internal Hevenue.
As I have already said, the bill involves no
appropriation, but simply allows the Treasury
Department under existing laws to settle the
acounts of an honest collector.
The title of the bill was, " A bill for the
relief of Peter McGough, collector of internal
revenue and disbursing agent for the twentieth
district of Pennsylvania."
The SPEAKER. The bill will be road, after
which the Chair will ask fur objections to its
consideration at this time.
The bill was then read. It authorizes the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
allow to Peter McGough, collector and dis-
bursing agent of the twentieth internal revenue
district of Pennsylvania, credit for the sum of
$4,750 04, public money deposited, in pursu-
ance of law, in the Venango National Bank,
late a United States designated depositary, and
the further sum of $2,795 65, public money
lost by the failure of A. D. Cotton & Co. and
Culvar, Penn & Co., without fault or neglect
on the part of the said collector and disburs-
ing agent.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask that the letter which
1 send to the Clerk's desk be now read in
explanation of the bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
Treascky Department, January 11,1869.
, 'E: i \1S'Tl'dvl^ return the papers relative to the
claim or i cter McGough, collector of internal rev-
enue ana disbursing agent for the twentieth district
ot Pennsylvania. As I understand the matter, Mr.
.McGough had on deposit in the Venango Nationai
/ aUmted States designated depository, to thu
credit of his official account as disbursing agent, the
sum of $.,o84 J3 atthe time of the failure of the bank,
during March, 1866. Ihis deposit was in pursuance
of law. 1 he bank failed and the deposit is not avail -
able, and there is apparently a deficit in Mr Mo-
bough s account to the extentof the, deposit. I think
i Appropriations. The gentleman from Maine
ilr. Blaine] has given notice that the Post
a disbursing officer acting fairly oughtto be relieved
of losses arising through failure of a depository bank
in which he kept his moneys, but the Department is
not authorized to allow credit to the officer for any-
thing but actual disbursements of moneys placed in
his hands and upon proper vouchers. I recommend
Mr. McGough's case to the favorable action of Con-
gress, and inclose a draft of a bill designed to afford
the proper relief in the case.
Very respectfully, H. MCCULLOCH,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. S. N. Pettis, M. (?., House of Representatives.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
allowing the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] to report from the Committee of Claims
for consideration at this time the bill which
has just been read?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. 1 object.
Mr. PETTIS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection. This bill is recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. I will withdraw
the objection.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I renew the objection.
business for to-night's session".
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to inquire of
the Chair what will be the order of business
this evening?
The SPEAKER. The session for to-night
will, by order of the House, be devoted to the
consideration of business from the Committee
°n
[Mr. Blaine] lias given . . .  _ 
Office appropriation bill will be called up to-
night. No business will be in order to-night
except appropriation bills, unless by unani-
mous consent. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Bootwell] will act as Speaker
pro tempore.
naturalization laws.
Mr. JUDD. I ask unanimous consent to
present at this time the petition of John Jay,
of New York, and more than twenty-three
thousand other citizens of the United States,
asking an amendment of the naturalization
laws so as to prevent fraud in elections, and to
have it referred to the select committee to in-
vestigate the alleged frauds in the late presi-
dential election in New York.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object. Let the petition
be referred under the rules.
contested election—new mexico.
The House resumed the consideration of the
following resolutions, reported from the Com-
mittee of Elections:
Resolved, That lion. Charles P. Clever is not enti-
tled to a seat in tho Fortieth Congress as a Dolegato
from tho Territory of New Mexico.
Resolved, That Hon. J. Francisco Chaves is enti-
tled to a scat in tho Fortieth Congross as a Delegate
from tho Territory of Wow Mexico.
Mr. Pettis was entitled to the floor.
The hour of half past four o'clock p. m.
having arrived, the House, pursuant to previous
order, took a recess till half past seven o'clock
p. rn.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., and was called to order by Mr.
Boutwell, as Speaker pro tempore.
AIUiEST of liMILIO CABADA.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask uiiauiuious consent
to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of State be directed
to take immediate measures to ascertain the cause
of tho arrest and incarceration, by order of the Cap-
tain General of Cuba, of Emilio Cabada, a citizen of
tho United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. This resolution furnishes
no intimation as to the nature of the informa-
tion called for.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman will hear
a single word of explanation I know he will
not object. Emilio Cabada is a native of Cuba
but a citizen of the United States, having been
naturalized many years ago. He is a copart-
ner in a large business establishment in Phila-
delphia. Not being in the enjoyment of health
he has been in the habit of spending his winters
in Cuba; and recently while at Havana with
his family, about to leave, he was arrested.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not object.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to.
NEWPORT AND CINCINNATI BRIDGE.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I ask that the
House, by unanimous consent, take from the
Speaker's table a joint resolution (S. R. No.
219) giving the assent of the United States
to the construction of the Newport and Cin-
cinnati bridge. There has been some conflict
between the river interests and the railroad
interests in reference to this measure, but the
difference has been reconciled; and this joint
resolution, passed by the Senate, is in con-
formity with the agreement arrived at.
Mr. KOONTZ. I object.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD, EASTERN DIVISION.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce for consideration at the
present time a joint resolution authorizing
the Union Pacific Railroad Company, eastern
division, to change its name to the Kansas
Pacific Railway Company.
Mr. KELSEY. I object. I think that a
measure of this kind ought to be considered
when the House is full.
REMAINS 01' LATE TIIADDEUS STEVENS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the expenses incurred in removing
the remains of the late Hon. Thaddeus Stevens to his
homo in Pennsylvania be paid out of the contingent
fund of the House.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Mc-
Donald , its Chief Clerk, announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment joint
resolutions and bills of the following titles :
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 120) in regard
to the publication of postal conventions made
wit-h foreign countries;
Jointresolution (H. R. No. 458) granting tho
consent of Congress provided for in section ten
ofthe act incorporating the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company, approved July 2, 1864 ;
An act (II. R. No. 281) for the relief of
Edwin B. Iloag; and
An act (H. R. No. 1549) to restrictandregu-
late the franking privilege.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed bills of the following titles, with
amendments, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 112) relating to captures
made by Admiral Farragut's fleet in the Mis-
sissippi river in May, 1862 ; and
An act (H. R. No. 1967) to compensate the
officers and crew of the United States steamer
Iiearsarge for the destruction of the rebel
piratical vessel Alabama.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution of the
following title, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 207) authorizing
Lieutenant Commander W. A. Kirkland, Uni-
ted States Navy-, to accept a gold medal from
the einperor of France.
FELONIES AND MISDEMEANORS.
Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary
a bill (H. R. No. 1987) to define felonies and
misdemeanors and regulate peremptory chal-
lenges ; which was read a first and second
time.
The first section of the bill provides that all
offenses against tho United States which a>"
or shall be required by law to be punished by
death or by imprisonment for not less thaii
five years shall, unless otherwise expressly
provided, be taken and deemed to be felonies.
All other offenses against the United States are
to be taken and deemed to be misdemeanors,
unless otherwise expressly provided.
The second section provides that upon the
trial of an offense against the United States,
the punishment, whereof is death, the United
