1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1891
States and the defendant shall each be entitled
tiJ twenty peremptory challenges. Upon the
trial of an offense the punishment whereof is
imprisonment for not less than five years, the
CJnited States and the defendant shall each be
entitled to ten peremptory challenges. Upon
the trial of all other offenses against the United
States, the United States and the defendant
shall each be entitled to five peremptory chal-
lenges ; provided that whenever two or more
persons are upon trial together they shall join
1 their peremptory challenges.
Mr. CHURCHILI " •
IURCHILL. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. JUDD. I should like to know whether
this bill has been reported from a committee.
Air. CHURCHILL. It has "been unani-
mously reported from the Committee on the
J udieiary.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CHURCHILL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
thomas green davidson.
Mr. SYPHER. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill to remove all legal and polit-
ical disabilities of Thomas Green Davidson.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
post office appropriation bill.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the special order,
being House bill No. 1808, making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending June 30,
1870; but before the question is taken on that
motion I move that all general debate beclosed
in five minutes after its consideration is com-
menced.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The motion to go into committee was then
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. P®land in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of House bill No.
1808, making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1870, on which
general debate was limited to five minutes.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move that the first read-
ing of the bill for information be dispensed
with.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I object, as it is only
three pages long.
The bill was read in extenso.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by
paragraphs for amendment, as follows:
For payment to letter carriers, $1,000,000.
Mr. BEAMAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to reduce that appro-
priation to $500,000, and to add the following
proviso :
Provided, That hereafter there shall be no free
delivery by carriers of letters in any city whose popu-
lation is less than one hundred thousand : And pro-
vided further. That no greater sum than is hereby
appropriated shall be expended for the free delivery
of letters in the next fiscal year.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have an amend-
ment to the paragraph preceding that one.
Mr. BEAMAN. 1 withdraw my amendment
for the present.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The appropriation
in the bill at present is as follows :
For clerks for post offices, $2,000,000.
I move to increase that appropriation to j
$2,500,000. Mr. Chairman, that makes it con- ;
form to the estimates of the Post Office De- i
partment for the ensuing year, and unless the
Committee on Appropriations have some data
on which they have made this decrease I do
not see why we should scale down this esti-
mate, It is well known that the opening of post
offices in the South, with the prospect of open-
ing them still further, has added largely to the
expenses of the Post Office Department. I do
not see why we should reduce this appropri-
ation for the next year. I do not think it is wise
for us as members of the Republican party
to embarrass the incoming Administration.
Mr. ROSS. I object to the gentleman dis-
cussing the Republican party; it is not germane
to this bill. [Laughter. ]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Unless the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have some figures
to justify it, 1 hope this estimate will not be
scaled down to so great an extent as one fifth.
Mr. BEAMAN. Theamounthereproposedis
the amount appropriated last year for the same
purpose, and it is believed that it will be ample
for the next fiscal year. The appointment of
clerical force and the fixing of salaries are
under the control of the Postmaster General,
and if we are to have an economical administra-
tion of the Government, which I believe, this
appropriation will be ample.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to strike out the
last word of the amendment, for the purpose
of saying in regard to this item of appropria-
tion that I have examined the question some-
what. I am informed that this appropriation
is constantly on the increase, and one fact
that came to my knowledge in the course of my
inquiries is this : that during the entire time
of the war, when the business of the post office
in the city of Philadelphia was much larger
than it is now, the expense for clerk hire was
only $90,000 a year, while it is now $125,000.
Now, unless the House keeps the appropria-
tion down for this object this item of expend-
iture, being left entirely to the discretion of the
Postmaster General—if it has not already be-
come, will soon become a very considerable leak
in the Treasury. I withdraw the amendment.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Farnsworth, it was disagreed to.
Mr. BEAMAN. I now renew my amendment
to strikeout, in line twenty-one, " §1,000,000"
and insert '■$500,000;" so that it will read:
For payments to letter carriers, $500,000.
I move further to add the following proviso:
Provided, That hereafter there shall be no free
delivery by carriers of letters in any city whose pop-
ulation is less than onehundred thousand: Andpro-
vided farfhcr. That no greaier sum than is hereby
appropriated shall be expended for the free delivery
of letters in the next fiscal year.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. This proposes independent legislation;
it is changing the existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. BEAMAN. I will modify the proviso,
as follows:
Provided, That no part of this sum shall be ex-
pended forsaid purpose in any city whose population
is less than one hundred thousand; and that no
greater sura than is hereby appropriated shall be
expended for the free delivery of letters in the next
fiscal year.
I desire to call the attention of the commit-
tee to some facts connected with the proposed
amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I still make the
point of order that the amendment, as modi-
fied, proposes independent legislation.
Mr. BEAMAN. As modified it does not
propose any alteration in any law whatever.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
gentleman from Illinois is too late with his
objection.
Mr. BEAMAN, I was about to eall the
attention of the committee to some facta. This
letter-carrier system is not self-sustaining in a
single city in this Union, while the amount
that is proposed to be appropriated by this bill
to keep up the system is more than one fifth
of the entire deficiency that is asked by the
Department.
In the fourth quarter of the year 1864, in
the city of New York the amount paid to
letter carriers was $30,080 74. The receipts
from local postage for the same quarter was
$25,000 0'2,
In the year 1868 the amount paid to carriers
for the third quarter was $69,410 79. The
amount of incidental expenses was $583 95,
making a total of expense of $63,994 74. The
receipts for local postages for .that quarter were
$67,183 58, showing an excess of expenditures
over the receipts of $2,811 16. This was in
New York, where it approaches nearer to being
self-sustaining than in any other city in the
Union.
For the fourth quarter the amount paid car-
riers in the city of New York was $71,595 07;
the incidental expenses were $39 50; making
a total of $71,634 57. The receipts were
$71,094 04, showing an apparent excess of
receipts over expenditures of $359 57. But
it must be taken into consideration that there
are two agents employed in that city whose
sole duty it is to look after the letter carriers,
at an annual salary of $1,600, and each one
of the agents is paid in addition three dollars
per day for subsistence.
In Philadelphia, for the third quarter of 1863,
there was paid to letter carriers $18,464 50;
incidental expenses, $134 14; making the total
expenditures $18,598 64. The receipts were
only $6,148 74, leaving an excess of expend-
itures of $12,449 90. For the fourth quarter
of 1868 there were paid to carriers, $39,405 22;
incidental expenses, $184 50; making a total
expenditure of $39,589 72. The receipts were
$16,979 98, leaving an excess of expenditures
of $19,609 74.
In Albany, in the third quarter of 1868, there
was paid to carriers $750; incidental expenses,
$8 99; total expenses, $758 99. The receipts
were only $275 65. Exeess of expenditures
over receipts, $483 34.
In Salem, Massachusetts, in the second
quarter of 1808, there was paid carriers $1,300;
incidental expenses, $362 ; total, $1,303 62.
The receipts amounted to $131 72. Excess of
expenditures over receipt?, $1,171 90.
In Newark, New Jersey, in the fourth
quarter of 1868, there was paid to carriers
$2,20543 ; receipts $834 65; excess of expend-
itures over receipts, $4,370 80.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it must be manifest to
every member of this committee that this is an
exceedingly expensive part of the service.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I only desire that
the committee shall understand the effect of
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Michigan. My constituents are no more inter-
ested in this matter than are the constituents
of other gentlemen. It so happens that in my
district there are only two or three small cities
of eight or ten thousand inhabitants where they
are entitled to a free delivery of letters by letter
carriers and messengers. Other members here
represent large cities that have deliveries of
letters by carriers and messengers, and there-
fore they are more deeply interested in this
matter than I am or than my constituents are.
The purpose of this amendment is to cat
off the delivery in cities of less than one hun-
dred thousand population. If it is thought
wise to limit the appropriation in this manner,
why I am willing. My impression is that it
is not wise. There is no boon given to the
people by the Post Office Department which
they prize more highly than they do this of
having their letters brought to their doors, and
having boxes established where they may drop
their letters and have them gathered up by
messengers and carried to the post office. It
is a great boon to the people, and one which
they prize very highly. The Post Office De-
partment has been authorized bylaw to estab-
lish this system, and in doing so they have
dispensed with a great number of clerks in the
post offices. They have diminished very largely
the clerical force in the post offices in these
towns. The Committee on Appropriations
have scaled down the estimate for clerks one
fifth, and they propose to abolish the letter-
carrier system in cities of less population than
one hundred thousand, which will require a
very large additional force of clerks in the dif-
ferent post offices throughout the country.
How the gentleman is going to make the two
