1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
48#
"4. Their effects are also different. That of par-
don, is the remission of the whole or a part of the
punishment o.warded by the law; the conviction re-
maining unaffected when only a partial pardon is
granted j an amnesty, on the contrary, has the effect
of destroying the criminal act, so that it is as if it
had notbeen committed,as far asthepublicinterests
are concerned.
" 5. Their application also differs. Pardon is al-
ways given to individuals, and properly only after
judgment or conviction: amnesty may be granted
either before judgment or afterward, and it is in gen-
eral given to whole classes of ciiminals or supposed
criminals, for the purpose of restoring tranquillity m
the State."
Now, sir, as I said in introducing the resolu-
tion of inquiry, it was not that I wished to
learn upon what authority the Executive had
undertaken to grant a pardon ; I desired to
know his authority of law for an amnesty ; and
in the few remarks which I propose to submit
I shall show what the effect upon those em-
braced within the proclamation of amnesty, in
the true legal sense of that word, must be if
the President possesses the power assumed by
him.
We have as to pardon both judicial exposi-
tions and executive precedents in this country.
The judicial expositions are found mainly in
three leading cases decided by the Supreme
Court of the United States—the case of the
United States vs. Wilson, 7 Peters; ex parte
Wells, 18 Howard, and ex parte Garland, i
Wallace- By these it substantially decided
that whatever is included in the legal sig-
nification of "pardon" by English law is
granted to the President, including, therefore,
the power to the President to pardon before as
well as after conviction, and to grant absolute,
limited, or conditional pardons. But in all
these cases decided by the Supreme Court of
hie United States the recipient of the execu-
tive clemency was designated byname, and all
these decisions extend only to cases of that
kind, to wit, where the recipient was designated
in ^ie instrument of pardon by name; so that
we nave no judicial decisions as to the capacity
of tli" President to issue even a general pardon
without designation, that is, of the recipient
of the executive clemency byname, and in or-
der to ascertain the existing law as to the ex-
ecutive power in this respect, we are necessa-
rily turned to the executive precedents, which
the President has properly cited in the message
to the Senate and the accompanying papers.
There were three executive precedents, be-
fore the late war, of general pardon without
designating by name the recipients, and they
are referred to by the President, namely, the
proclamation of President Washingtonin 1795,
of President Adams in 1800, and of President
Madison in 1815; but not one of these was a
proclamation of amnesty. They were proc-
lamations expressly of pardon, and expressly
operating only to remit the punishment which
the law would inflict upon the crime which the
recipients of the pardon had committed. But
the acquiescence of all departments of the
Government and the people m the exercise of
executive clemency by the mode of general
pardon without designating the recipients, as
employed by these three early Presidents,
would seem to my mind to have settled the
law of the country at the present time in favor
of the power of the Executive to grant a gen-
eral pardon in the true and proper sense of the
word "pardon," to wit, the remission of the
penalty which the existing law would otherwise
inflict upon the crime of which the recipient
has been guilty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Against the decision of
the Supreme Court, who hold that it must have
certain requisites that a general pardon has
n°Mr. FERRY. I was about to remark there
is at once arising upon a general pardon a diffi-
culty as to the mode in which the recipient
shall receive the benefit of that pardon; for
supposing the recipient to be indicted notwith-
standing the pardon, there is no mode m which
he can take advantage of it in the court in
which he may be indicted, for the court is not
bound to take judicial notice of a general par-
don. The accused must plead the pardon
which he claims exonerates him from liability
to punishment; and in pleading it the Supreme
Court have decided that he must plead it, and
in fact it must be endowed with the ordinary
requisites of other deeds, an instrument deliv-
ered, accepted, and pleaded.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And naming him.
Mr. FEHRY. And naming him. Of course,
therefore, a general pardon cannot be taken
advantage of by the accused upon an indict-
ment brought against him after the pardon had
been issued by the ordinary mode, in accord-
ance with the decision in 7 Peters, and there-
fore when the President has proclaimed a gen-
eral pardon, as I think in President Madison's
proclamation, he at the same time directs the
executive functionaries, to wit, the Attorney
General and the district attorneys in the differ-
ent districts, to cause all pending indictments
and prosecutions to be nolled or discontinued—
the course which the President has also pur-
sued in regard to the present proclamation,
having instructed his Attorney General to
order a nolle prosequi in all cases of pending
indictments and prosecutions. The mode in
which the benefit reaches the recipient differs
from the mode in which the benefit of a special
pardon reaches him. As to the power to grant
such general pardon, although as an original
question I should certainly believe no such
executive power did exist in this Govern-
ment, yet 1 must look at the law as it is, and
that power would seem to me to have been
settled by the exercise of the power by Wash-
ington, Adams, and Madison, by the acquies-
cence of the other departments of the Gov-
ernment in that exercise, and by the acqui-
escence of the people for half a century.
But, sir, while arriving at these conclusions
with respect to the exercise of the power of
pardon, in the proper legal signification of the
term, we have as yat 110 light whatever upon
the authority of the President to proclaim a gen-
eral amnesty. In order to exhibit precedents
showing the Executive to be clothed with that
power the President, in the communication
before us, has referred to the various procla-
mations of President Lincoln and to his own
proclamations since his own accession to the
executive office. But, sir, I affirm without
fear of successful contradiction that in the his-
tory of this Government there is not a single
precedent until the 4th of July, 1808, where the
President of the United States lias undertaken
to grant amnesty without the prior sanction
of an act of Congress. In every instance of
the proclamations of President Lincoln, re-
ferred to in the papers now before ns, those
proclamations were issued while a law stood
upon your statute-books expressly authorizing
the President to make them. Upon the repeal
of that law the power, so far as amnesty was
concerned, exercised by the President, fell
with the law, and Andrew Johnson alone
among the Presidents of the United States has
ever attempted to issue a proclamation of am
nesty without previous sanction of Congress,
and he not until the 4th of July, 1808. So
that absolutely no light is thrown upon the
inquiry, which is the gist of the resolution
which I offered to the Senate a few days ago,
by the message and the accompanying docu-
ments which are now before us.
The existing state of the law with regard to
the power of amnesty in this Government is
this: the Constitution is utterly silent up™
the subject. The judicial decisions of the high-
est tribunal of the nation are utterly silent upon
the subject. There is not an executive pre-
cedent in favor of the power of amnesty until
the 4th of July, 1868, when President Johnson
assumed the exercise of that power. £iow,
sir, let me refer again to what this power ot
amnesty is, what the President has attempted
to do, in order to see whether this extraordin-
ary assumption ought to be sustained by the
coordinate departments of the Government.
Mark the language of the proclamation ot the
President in reference to the amnesty, m which
he declares: .
"Amnesty for the Qffense of treason against the
United States, or of adhering to their enemies dur-
ins the Iivto civil war, with restoration of all rights,
privileges, and immunities under the Constitution
and tlio laws which have been mada m pursuance
thereof."
Now, what is amnesty? Amnesty is an
annihilation of the act done ; pardon is remis-
sion of the punishment which the law had
previously prescribed for the act done. Invest
the President of the United States with the
• power of pardon in the very broadest terms,
for the purpose of the argument, and you
advance not one jot or tittle on the road
toward giving him the power of amnesty,
which he now proposes to exercise. If it be
true that the President of tlie United States
to-day can grant amnesty in these terms, anni-
hilating the fact of rebellion, of treason, of
adhering to the enemies of the Republic, he
can restore and has restored every rebel
throughout this nation to the exercise of every
privilege, every franchise which he ever pos-
sessed precisely as if no rebellion had ever
existed at all. That is amnesty; that is what
the President lias expressly attempted to exer-
cise by this proclamation, without authority
given in the Constitution, without the sanction
of a judicial decision, without a precedent 111
tiie history of the executive department of this
Government.
Now, sir, as 1 said when I introduced the
resolution, I am myself, as is well known, in
favor of the removal of all political disabili-
ties remaining upon our statute-book. But, at
the same time, it will not do to permit even
that which is right and just to be accomplished
by unlawful methods. Every assumption of
power becomes a precedent, and every assump-
tion of unlawful power is a dangerous pre-
cedent. I move that the message and_ accom-
panying documents be printed, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of persons confined in jail in Savan-
nah. Georgia, praying that they may be released
from confinement; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial ot
saw manufacturers of Rochester, New York,
and also a memorial of citizens of Rochester,
New York, remonstrating against any further
increase of the duty 011 imported steel; which
was referred to the Committee 011 Finance.
Mr. HOWE presented the memorial of the
Board of Supervisors of Polk county, Wis-
consin, remonstrating against any further ex-
tension of the time for the completion of the
railroad from the Saint Croix river to Bayfield,
in Wisconsin ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee or Public Lands.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented a petition
of citizens of Kansas, settlers on the CherO;
kee neutral lands, praying the ratification ot
the sale of the residue of the Cherokee neu-
tral lands to James P. Joy, in June, 1808, by
the Secretary of the Interior; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands. _
He also presented the petition of Benjamin
Blackford, of Virginia, praying to be relieved
from political disabilities ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Joseph
Wilson, praying compensation for certain mules
and horses captured by the rebels in conse-
quence of the refusal ot the pickets to permit
him to pass within the Union lines for the
purpose of delivering the same under his con-
tract with the Government at the city of Wash-
ington in July, 18! >4: which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to offer a memo-
rial from prominent citizens of Washington
Territory, in which they set forth that they
' protest against submitting the question of the
claims of Great, Britain to the Haro archipel-
1 ago and the channel between San Juan Island
! and Vancouver's Island to the arbitration 0
' any foreign Power. They set forth that hav-
! ing already conceded- from the line of
