440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
to that of 49°, for the sake of peace, neither
the honor nor the interests of the United States
will admit of further surrender of right. I will
add that these views coincide with my own;
and the information that I have on the subject,
after careful examination, satisfies me that our
Government only deviated from the line of the
forty-ninth parallel, that we mighthave no divis-
ion of the island of Vancouver. The British
Government claim the island of San Juan, but
in my opinion they have no right to such island.
The deepest channel running between San Juan
Island and the island of Yancouver is the line.
These memorialists, who are prominent citi-
zens knowing all the circumstances of the case,
petition in very earnest terms that this question
he not submitted for arbitration. I move that
the memorial be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a memorial of
the mayor and common council of Chicago,
Illinois, praying the passage of a bill to enable
the city of Chicago to enlarge its harbor;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. POMEROY. I have received and been
requested to present a petition from citizens
of the State of Maryland, earnestly and re-
spectfully requesting that in any change or
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States that may be proposed we shall ex-
tend equal suffrage to all citizens, both male
and female. This petition is numerously
signed by citizens of the State of Maryland,
and done up by the ladies in a neat and taste-
ful manner, and I respectfully call the atten-
tion of the committee to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
reports of committkes.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom were referred the
following petition, memorials, resolutions, and
messages, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration ; which was agreed to:
A petition of William Cornell Jewitt, pray-
ing an appropriation of $7,200,000 for the
purchase of Alaska;
A memorial of William Cornell Jewitt, in
relation to the proposed vote of censure against
Hon. lieverdy Johnson, minister to England;
Resolutions by Mr. Cameron, to inquire
into the facts in respect to the designs of for-
eign Poweis in imposing their systems of
monarchical government and institutions upon
the people of this continent;
^ A message from the President of the United
States, of May 25, 1808, communicating a re-
port from the Secretary of State in relation to
recent events in the empire of Japan ;
^ A message from the President of the United
States, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of January 13, 1SG8,
further information in relation to the appoint-
ment ot Hon. Anson Buriingame to a mission
by the emperor of China;
A message from the President of the United
States, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate, correspondence in
relation to a claim to the guano on Alto Vela,
an island in the vicinity of San Domingo ;
A message from the President of the°United
States relating to the act of Congress prohibit-
ing persons in the diplomatic service from
wearing uniform or official costumes ; and
A message of the President of the United
States of July 10, 1868, communicating further
information in relation to events in the empire
of Japan.
Mr. SUMNER. The same committee, to
whom was referred a message of the President
of the United States, of July 20, 1868, com-
municating correspondence between the Sec-
retary of State and the minister resident in
Japan, showing the importance of an amend-
ment to the law of the United States prohibit-
ing the coolie trade, ask to be discharged from
its further consideration. In making this re-
port- I desire to state that at the last session of
Congress the committee directed me to report
a bill in pursuance of this recommendation,
which has passed the Senate, and, I believe, is
now pending in the other House, making our
laws against the coolie trade applicable to
Japan.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1046) making appropriations for the re-
pair, preservation, and completion of certain
public works, and for other purposes, have
directed me to report it back with certain
amendments and to recommend its passage.
I will here state that most of the amendments
are deductions made of the amounts taken
from the $1,500,000 appropriated at the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of War in the prose-
cution of works during the first part of the
present fiscal year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 067) to enable the Holley, Wayne,
and Monroe Railway Company in the State of
Michigan to have the subscription to its capi-
ital stock stamped, and the stamps already
affixed and to be affixed to be duly canceled,
have directed me to report it back with amend-
ments ; and if there is no objection, as it is
merely to allow the company, which has failed
to put stamps on the certificates of its capital
stock at the proper time, to do so, I ask for its
present consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does any
Senator object to the present consideration of
the bill?
Mr. HOWARD. I object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Very well.
I leave it to the Senator. I asked for it on
his account.
Mr. WARNER, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
771) authorizing payment to be made for cer-
tain services rendered to the United States in
the late insurrectionary States, reported it with-
out amendment.
bills introduced.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 800) to enable the city of Chicago to en
largo its harbor; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
801) to amend an act. entitled "An act grant-
ing lands to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from the States of
Missouri and ilrkansas to the Pacific ocean,"
approved July 27, 1866, and to facilitate the
early construction of the Atlantic and Pacific
railroad, the Union Pacific railway, eastern
division, the Southern Continental railroad,
and the Southern Pacific railroad; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CONKLTNG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 802) amendatory of an act to protect the
rights of actual settlers upon the public lands
of the United States, approved July 27, 1808,
and for other purposes; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 803) for the relief of the president and
directors of the Terre Haute and Richmond
Railroad Company; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent,
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 801)
relating to the securities of national banks:
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to be printed and lie on the table.
Mr. McDONALD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 805) to perfect and complete railroad and
telegraph communication with the Pacific
ocean; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Pacific Bail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 806) to establish certain mail routes in
Oregon and Washington Territory; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 807) to provide for aline of United States
mail steamships for the conveyance of mails
and emigrant passengers between New York
and Europe ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say, in this con-
nection, that I do not know anything about the
contents of the bill; but it embraces several
respectable names, and at their instance I pre-
sent it.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. B. No. 199) proposingan amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. THAYER. As the amendment pro-
posed is short, I ask that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
No male citizen of the United States twenty-one
years of age and upward, not insane or an idiot,
shall be deprived of the right to vote at any election
held by the peoplefornational, State, and municipal
officers, or for Representatives in Congress, unless
g-uilty of crime, of which he has been duly convicted
by law.
Mr. THAYER. A proposition h as been
reported from the Committee o:i the Judiciary
proposingan amendment to the Constitution
of the United States in relation to suffrage. I
therefore move that this resolution lie on the
table and be printed, to be considered when
the other shall come up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
fisheries.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President be requested, if not
incompatible with the public interest, to communi-
cate to thu Senate any eorrebpondence or documents
on file in the Department of State not heretofore
published, relating to the resources and extent of the
fipbing grounds of the North Pacificoeean opened to
the United States by the treaty of Alaska, showing
the markets which nre or maybe made available for
the produce of the fisheries, and relating alio to tho
fisheries of the principal commercial nations, their
markets, and their capacity.
dyek court of inquiry.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up the res-
olution which I offered on Friday last, relating
to the court of inquiry now in session in this
city.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 198) in relation to certain
testimony to be used before the court of inquiry
now in session in the case of General Dyer,
chief of ordnance, was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of War to
permit Messrs. Arrick and Ilennon, the attor-
neys for the accusers before the court of inquiry
convened in Washington city under special
older No. 217, dated "Headquarters of the
Army, Adjutant General's Office, September
! 10, 1808," to make in presence of General
Dyer, at piesent chief of ordnance, if he shall
i desire, such personal examination of the rec-
[ ords of the Bureau of Oidnance of the War
I Department as they may deem necessary to the
! full and thorough investigation contemplated
! by such order; and after such examination,
and upon the request of tho attorneys named,
or either of them, he is directed to produce
before the court, for the perusal and inspection
of its members, all of such part3 thereof as the
attorneys may deem material to the inquiry.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out the
