216
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 22,
Ho. op Reps.
National Currency.—Mr. Deweese.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
who insist upon a return to a specie basis, who
tell us that we must have respect to the laws
and customs of the past, and who predict ruin
from innovation. All improvement is an inno-
vation, and unless we mate innovations we had
far better go home to our constituents, for it was
to make innovations that we were sent here.
One half of my constituents owe not alone their
right to vote but their right to liberty, or rather
its possession, to an innovation, and one that
eight years ago found fewer advocates upon
this floor than it now finds assailants. The
abolition of slavery and the recognition of the
rights of the negroes is one of the most import-
ant innovations ever known in this country,
and we all recollect the ruin we were told was
to follow this innovation; but as yet it has not
come, and instead of the evils predicted we
have found only blessings. The antiquity of
laws and customs is no proof of their excellence.
In all ages and in all countries the producing
classes have been ill paid for their labor. Shall
wo recur to ancient laws and usages for pre-
cedents to perpetuate the evil, to uphold our
unequal and unjust standard of distribution?
We cannot alter the evils of the past; we can
remedy those of the present and prevent them
from recurring in the future.
If past Legislatures have enacted laws giving
a part of their constituents great advantages
over (he remainder it is our duty, having dis-
covered the error, to amend the law so that it
shall operate equally upon all; the alteration is
not an infringement of the rights of those who
leceived undue advantages from the former
law ; it only renders justice to those previously
injured. The moral and social evils which have
resulted from our unjust standard of distribution
are incalculable, the wrong is enormous and
universal. Money is the national standard
of distribution; the evils inevitable upon its
present institution are national evils, and can
only be removed by the action of Congress.
We can so regulate the standard that the gen-
eral distribution will be in accordance with
actual earnings. Shall we hesitate to do right
when we see that the remedy will prove gentle,
immediate, gradual, and sure; that it makes
no retaliations for past injuries ; that it simply
though completely protects the laborer in his
rights by securing to him the fruits of his toil
without in any way wronging the capitalist
whose wealth has been accumulated by gigantic
wrongs ? Year after year the greater number
of my constituents were held in a degrading and
cruel slavery. It was thought to be a great and
dangerous innovation to set them free, but'it
was at last accomplished, not peacefully as this
other great innovation may be, but by a long,
devastating war. Having done these colored
laborers this tardyjustice let us crown our labors
by doing full justice to workingmen and women
of all colors by setting them free from our un-
just laws relating to money. I believe that if
this bill becomes a law the question of repudia-
tion will cease to be talked of; the payment
of the public debt, both principal and interest
according to the terms of the contract, will
then be as easy as it now seems difficult.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cart,] in
his argument in favor of an American mon-
etary system, very truly said that "whatever
is endowed by the sovereign power of the nation
with the qualities of representing, measuring,
exchanging, and accumulating value by inter-
est is money; and any circulating medium not
endowed by Congress with all these powers is
not money, though its material be the finest
gold." These qualities are coessential to a
medium of exchange. It is impossible that
any one of them should exist in anv medium
independently of the others. The material of
money is the legalized agent employed to ex-
press these powers and render them available
in commerce, and it matters not what that
material is so long asit is endowed by the legis-
lative power to represent, measure, exchange,
atid accumulate value by interest. The powers
of money, which alone render it useful, are
created by legislation; hence money can pos-
sess none but a legal value. Legal value de-
pends upon actual value which it represents or
holds, that is, the value of property or labor.
Money must be a legal representative of prop-
erty, for there is no portable material possess-
ing the requisite inherent value to equal the
value of the property to be exchanged. The
property possesses the real value; the money
is only the legal medium by which this value
is represented and exchanged. The power to
represent is always independent of the natural
and inherent powers of the representative ; it
is superadded and delegated; it cannot alter
the original capabilities and qualities of the
agent. The representative is quite distinct
from the thing represented. Gold and silver
are property, and in proportion to their bulk
valuable property; but these metals when
coined into money become the representatives
of property, although not more so than does the
paper which is made into a note and endowed
by Congress, as is our greenback, with the pow-
ers of money. A piece of paper legally rep-
resenting ten dollars is just as valuable for all
the purposes for which money is used as is a
piece of gold representing the same value. The
ten dollars made of gold and the ten dollars
made of paper may each pass in payment for
products, in exchanging values through the
hands of fifty persons in a single day, and are
alike ready to perform the same service upon
each succeeding day. Every debt paid by the
paper ten dollars is as completely paid as those
paid by the gold ten dollars.
That this representative, this legal value is
quite distinct from the intrinsic or real value
will clearly appear if you attempt to use these
materials for any other purpose than that of
money. If, for example, you wish to make
spoons, you can use the gold but not the paper,
although, if your paper dollars are issued under
just and proper laws, as many gold spoons can
be purchased with the paper ten dollars as
with the gold ten dollars. The value of gold
and silver coins when not used as money con-
sists in the worth of these materials for spoons,
forks, ornaments, &c., and are a very small
part of our actual wealth, and not indispens-
able to our existence ; the gold and silver coins
when used for these purposes cease to be money
and lose all the powers of money—we call them
not money spoons, forks, brooches, rings, &c.,
but silver forks, silver spoons, gold brooches,
gold rings, &c.
The metals may be reeoined by the Govern-
ment and again become money. So if the paper
has been ground to pulp, its value as money
ceases; but it may be made into paper and
by the Government again be made into money,
receiving its former value. The laws have
professed to establish the value of money in its
material substance; the groundwork being
false, they have practically failed to establish
it on this basis although they have succeeded
so far as to grossly deceive the public. To
expose the fallacy of the assertion that the
value of money is in its material substance,
I need only repeat the illustration of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cauy :]
"The yard-stick is a measure of length, and it is of
no moment what its material if it is three feet long."
A yard of cloth measured by a gold yard-
stick is neither longer nor shorter than if meas-
ured by a wooden one, and property purchased
with gold and silver money is neither more nor
less valuable than if bought with paper money.
If the value of money be in the worth of its
material it cannot be representative ; if its
value be not representative it would be as im-
possible to make paper money fulfill as it now
does the functions of coin as to make a paper
promise to pay a loaf of bread on demand as
nutritious as the bread, or to make paper rep-
resentatives of locomotives promising to pay
real locomotives on demand capable of draw-
ing heavy trains of cars. The advocates of a
specie basis—for I think there are few who
hope ever to have a purely metallic currency,
or who suppose it possible to carry on the busi-
ness of this country, much less that of the
world, without the use of paper money—tell us
that a return to a specie basis will give us the
same standard of value as that of the other
civilized nations of the world. Grant that the
assertion be true, we have gained nothing; the
standard is still a fluctuating one, no standard
of value at all, a measure that contracts one
day and expands the next—one which places
our laborers not only at the mercy of our own
capitalists, but of those of Europe as well.
If a bank with $1,000 in coin issue $5,000
in notes the amount of money is as much
increased as if $5,000 in coin had been issued.
Bach dollar of the bank notes will pay for as
many of the necessaries of life, as much labor,
as any dollar of specie, and so long as the bank
notes circulate on a par with specie they hold
the same power as specie; hence, if the value
of money is inherent it must inhere as much
in the paper money as in the gold money, in
bank notes or greenbacks as well as in coins.
Another property of money is the power to
measure value. The length, weight, quantity,
and value of all articles are settled by certain
measures fixed upon by Government. The
length of the yard-stick measures and defines
a before undefined length of cloth; the size of
the bushel measures and defines a before unde-
termined quantity of grain ; the dollar measures
and determines a before undefined value of
labor, land, or products; the value of the laud,
labor, or products doesnot measure and determ-
ine the already defined value of the dollar.
All these measures are determined by the laws
which instituted them and gave them power to
measure length, value, or size. If the yard be
variable the measure of length will commit
frauds when it is used, and if its value be fluc-
tuating the measure of value will, whenever it
is used to measure the value of labor, land, or
products, commit frauds. If the measure of
value be equitable, unvarying, it will measure
values equitably and without variation. The
Government very properly reserves the right
to fix the length of the yard, the weight of the
pound, the size of the bushel, and the value of
the dollar, that they may be fitted for public
use. Money is the public measure of value,
and the Government is bound to make it just
and uniform, that it may correctly measure and
determine the value of all commodities. And
this the Government has not done; for the value
of the dollar fluctuates from day to day, even
from hour to hour, is as false a measure of value
as a yard-stick would be of length which at one
time contracted until it was but one foot long
and at another stretched out until it was six
feet long.
I shall but briefly notice the two other prop-
erties of money, one of which is to accumulate
value by interest; this power is essential to the
existence of money ag no one will exchange
productive property for money that does not
represent production. The legal power of
money to accumulate by interest compels the
borrower in a given period, determined by the
rate of interest, to procure by the sale of his
labor or products an equal amount of money
as great as the amount borrowed, and give it
together with the amount borrowed to the
lender. If he pay interest at the rate of six
per cent, half yearly he must double the amount
m less than twelve years; at three per cent., in
less than twenty-four years ; at one per cent.,
in about seventy years. The worth and amount
of the interest on the dollar determines the value
of the dollar as much as the amount and kind of
labor that a man can perform determines his
value as a workman. The value of the workman
is, however, natural, consisting in his power to
produce the value of money is artificial, and
consists in its arbitrary power to represent
actual value and accumulate by interest. A
dollar which can be loaned for twelve per cent.
