1869.
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLQBS.
-1M
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the amend-
ment,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I renew
it. Mr. Chairman, I beg to have for a mo-
ment the attention of the House while I state
the views of the Committee on Appropriations.
In the very large towns and cities of over one
hundred thousand population the crowding of
the people around the post office makes it im-
possible to deliver the letters without letter
carriers. In small towns of twenty thousand
and under it is easy for the people to go to
the post office. We have to pay by taxation
for all these conveniences in the larger towns.
Yes, sir, the men in small towns have to pay
for this convenience in the large towns, and
it ought not to be extended further than is
necessary.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sciienck]
says that figures were given to show that the
Post Office Department could not be self-sus-
taining under a low rate of postage. Let me
say that they were prophetic, for the deficit in
the revenue of the Post Office Department is
now $6,000,000, which the people of the country
will have to supply in addition to their other
heavy taxes. My friend from Ohio answers,
sottovoce. that he would rather pay $100,000,000
than have no mail at all. So would I. But that
is not the question. The question is, whether
we shall tax the people of the small towns for
the convenience of the people of the larger
towns. In fact we know that most business
men send their own men to the office for letters.
In towns in Massachusetts they have six mail
carriers at $6,000 a year, when two mail car-
riers could do the business; and to-day, sir, it
could be done for $1,000. If this amendment
be adopted it will not interfere with the estab-
lishment of the penny post. The postmasters
may establish the penny post under the old
system.
Mr. ALLISON. Why not do it everywhere ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To that
I answer that when I am Postmaster General
I shall see it is done everywhere. [Laugh-
ter. ]  
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I am opposed to this
amendment, or any other that will change exist-
ing law on the subject; and here I wish to
answer the argument that the people who are
not afforded this facility are taxed to afford it
to those who do receive it. That statement is
not correct. There is not a town in the United
States that has the mail-carrier system where
the postoffiee is not self-sustaining. I defy the
gentleman from Massachusetts or the gentle-
man from Michigan- to point me to one post
office where these facilities are afforded that
is not self-sustaining. The Postmaster Gen-
eral cannot introduce this system where the
office will not sustain it—where there is not a
revenue above the expense. The law does not
permit him to do it. The law provides that
the post office must be more than self-sustain-
ing. Therefore, the people who do not have
the benefit of this system are not taxed for it.
On the contrary, the cities that to-day ask this
little boon are taxed to sustain the post office
system in remote districts. What creates a
deficiency is not the letter-carrier system, or
mail carriers for the accommodation of large
com mumties. but the opening of new mail routes
on the frontier and across the contiuentto new
communities. It is the pioneer stage mail
which precedes commerce and agriculture and
opens up and develops the country. It is the
rehabilitation of the southern States under the
reconstruction laws and the reopening of the
post offices in that wide, and I was about to say
wild country, where few people comparatively
receive or write few letters, but where we
hope, by giving them the.benefifc of the postal
service and bringing the mails to their doors,
it may tend to their enlightenment as well as
their convenience. Whenever Congress sees fit
to cut off this system of opening new post
routes for carrying the mails to remote com-
munities and to assist in the development and
settlement of the country, the gentlemen who
object to granting these facilities to the "
40tii Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 88.
cities where the post offices are self-sustaining
will not gain by it.
Mr. STOVER. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question. Does he intend to say that the
inhabitants of a city pay more for a letter than
the inhabitants of these wild regions that he
^M^FARNSWORTH. Oh, no, sir.
_ Mr. STOVER. Well, then; when a defi-
ciency exists is not that met by taxation, and
do not the people in the sparsely-settled dis-
tricts pay the same taxes as those in the cities
or more settled parts of the country?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, yes.
Mr. STOVER. Then how do they pay
more?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The difference is
this: the office in the city of Washington, for
instance, pays a revenue to the Department.
So do the cities of New York, Chicago, St.
Louis, and so on down clear to eities numbering
a very much smaller number of inhabitants.
Mr. STOVER. Because they use it more.
. Mr. FARNSWORTH. Take the State of
Illinois. It pays a large revenue, taking the
whole State together. Bat take a new State
or a sparsely-settled State, like Texas, and there
is a deficiency.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BEAMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to close debate on this paragraph.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. BEAMAN. Then I will move that the
committee rise for that purpose.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. BEAMAN. I will not insist upon it.
Mr, STEVENS. Imove to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order,
being an amendment in the third degree.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I will then move to amend
by inserting "eight thousand" as the number
of inhabitants.
Mr. Speaker, I feel an interest in this sub-
j ect, because I have had some experience in
the operation of the present law. I desire to
say, in the first place, that the same objeetioii
to general delivery spoken of by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bctlep.,] and which
applies to a city of one hundred thousand inhab-
itants as regards the crowds which collect at
the post office u#on the delivery of the mail,
applies, thongh perhaps in a less degree, but
yet in a strong and opprobrious degree, to a
city of ten thousand inhabitants. My experi-
ence is based upon having had charge of a post
office in a city of nearly ten thousand inhab-
itants, and can say that the crowds which ne-
cessarily collected there upon the mail delivery
is such at times as to require the presence of
an officer to preserve the peace and keep good
order. This occurs too often to be agreeable,
especially on public occasions, when the crowd
increases, as some matter of general interest
brings many of the people together. All this,
sir, we know is to a great extent obviated by
the system of free delivery wherever it is author-
ized by the Department and put in force.
Now, sir, I can see no reason why a city of
ten thousand inhabitants laboring under these
disadvantages is not as much entitled to these
facilities as a city of one hundred thousand,
because it is well understood that the populous
towns and cities do pay into the revenue of the
Post Office Department the very sums which
are taken out of the general fund to sustain
the Post Offic® Department and its operations
in the sparsely settled districts of the country,
such as the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Stover] represents and of which he has spoken.
I think, Mr. Chairman, that it would be better
to let the law stand as it is; and I desire to say
in all kindness that I think this attempt to
ingraft independent legislation on these appro-
priation bills, or to withhold appropriations
which are now demanded by existing law, on
the part of the Committee on Appropriations,
is taking out of the hands of this House and its
appropriate committees business which more
appropriately belongs to them, and which .does
not.in fact belong to tha,Gommittee on Appro-
priations. I hope we shall vote down the prop-
osition ofthe committee, and-let the appropri-
ation and the present system stand as reported
until its consideration by the proper committee
can be had. If the Committee on Appropri-
ations do not choose to give- us a sufficient
appropriation to meet the requirements of ex-
isting law, then we most provide for such eases
of omission in the deficiency bill. • \
Mr. MAYNARD. I will oppose the amend-
ment. I do not quite agree with my friend
from Missouri on the subject ofthe accommo-
dations of the people ia the sparsely-settled
portions of the country. My own impression
is that they are better accommodated practi-
cally than persons who live within the neigh-
borhood of considerable towns, say of tern
thousand people. Id sparsely-settled portions
of the country, sueh as those which ha and l
very largely represent, the postmaster knows
personally and by name every person within
the bounds of the delivery, and every passer-
by becomes therefore a voluntary mail carrier,
so that the mail is in point of feet delivered
with less trouble and with more promptness
and certainty than in the neighborhood of
towns of say ten thousand inhabitants where
there is a mail delivery from the office. More
mail matter, I venture to say, accumulates in
the post office in my town-—a town of perhaps
ten thousand inhabitants—than in all the rest
of my district composed of thirteen counties
of a sparsely-settled population where many
of the people woald have to go two, three,
four, and even five miles to the offices, for the
reason that I have spoken of that the post-
masters in the small offices distribute the mails
by passers-by as they go and come, whereas
in the larger offices no such distribution is ever
made, and it is only when persons go there
and actually apply that they get their mail
matter.
I think this matter of the delivery by carriers
from the offices in the larger cities ought not
to be limited to cities of one hundred thousand
inhabitants. The post office is established for
the convenience of the people, and the ques-
tion of its being self-sustaining or not self-sus-
taining ia one that I attach very little import-
ance to, because if the doctrine were true at
all it would carry us inevitably to this result,
that we should establish no post routes and
keep up no post routes if the business upon it
did not pay for it. That would be ruinous as
we all know to the sparsely-settled portions of
the country, to the frontiers, and to the postal
communication with foreign couatries. The
man who happens to live m a city of the size
of this eity or of Baltimoreor of Cincinnati or
of Dayton, is entitled, it seems to me, to have
his mail delivered with the same certainty and
with as little trouble to him as he who lives in
the country, where he gets his mail practically
with but very little trouble. I do not, there-
fore, agree with the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Stover.] I think that his people and
mine in this respect are more favored, con-
j sidering that they generally have mails only
or.ce a week, than those who live in large cities.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I renew the amendment.
I do not wish to protract this debate unneces-
sarily, but it is certainly a very interesting
subject. I did say aside, while the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Bctlek] was address-
ing the committee, that I would rather give
$100,000,000 to supply a deficiency than do
without the Post Office and mails in this coun-
try. I agree with the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Mayxard] that while it_ is well
that the Post Office shall be sell-sustaining, it
is far better, whether it be self-sustaining or
not, to have a Post Office than to attempt to do
without it or without any of its best facilities ;
and I repeat that I think the gentleman from
Michigan is proposing a step backward in civ-
ilization. I would about as soon think of
stopping the circulation of the blood in the
