1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
names of the attorneys and to insert "the Judge
Advocate General," who is the representative
of the Goj^rnment on all courts of inquiry, and
who, I understand,-is present at the court of
inquiaf named as its representative.
HOWARD. I hope that amendment
not be adopted. In order to show the
/son for the resolution being framed in the
form which it now bears, I will trouble the
Senate One moment by reading an indorsement
on the communication which 1 hold in my hand.
The counsel for the accusers in the case men-
tioned in the resolution made application to
the Secretary of War for the privilege of in-
specting personally the records in the office of
the Ordnance Bureau of the War Department.
On this communication was the following in-
dorsement by the Judge Advocate General:
Bureau of Mii.itary Justice,
December 29,1568.
Respectfully submitted for the consideration of the
Secretary of War, with an expression of opinion that
the distinct averments made by the writers on their
professional honor are quite sufficient to justify the
granting of this request for a personal examination,
of the records referred to. j
Judge Advocate General.
Then the Secretary of War indorsed on the
same paper:
Wak Department, December 29.1868.
Respectfully returned to the Judge Advocate Gen-
eral, who is the official prosecutor in this case, and
whose duty it is to procure from the records of the
War Department and its bureaus all evidence which
ought to be brought before the court. For this pur-
pose he may in person, or by either of his authorized
assistants, search the records, and may employ to aid
him such experts as may be necessary; but permis-
sion to search the records of the W;ir Department
cannot be given by the Secretary of War to persons
not subject to his authority.
J. M. SCHOFIELD,
Secretary of War.
It seems that the counsel for the accusers in
that case find it impossible to get access to the
original records in the office of the Ordnance
Bureau of the War Department. They allege
that they have good ground to believe, and
do believe, that those records have been muti-
lated and altered by some person, and that
these mutilations and alterations are very mate-
rial in the prosecution of the inquiry now pend-
ing before the court of inquiry. I take it that
there can be no objection to permitting the
counsel to inspect the original documents in
that office in the presence of General Dyer,
who is the party charged before the court of
inquiry.
Mr. GRIMES. I conceive that there may
be very great objections to establishing a pre-
cedent such as the passage of this resolution
would establish, that wherever there shall be
any private prosecutors against any officer of
the Government or any persons who feel inter-
ested in making a personal examination of the
records of any of the Departments of this Gov-
ernment they shall be permitted to do ao by an
act of Congress. I call the attention of Sena-
tors to the indorsement of the Secretary of War
read by the Senator from Michigan. He there
declares that the Judge Advocate General, the
chief of the Bureau of Military Justice, has the
power to examine these records himself or
through anybody else that he may choose to
designate for that purpose. He is associated
with these men, who are the complainants in
this case, who represent what are called the
prosecutors ; for this, it seems, is not a prose
cution of the Government, but aprosecution of
privateindividuals against an officer of the Gov-
ernment, and it is iru^hat capacity that these
persons appear before us to-day with their
petition. General Holt has the power, under
that instruction and order of the Secretary of
War, to authorize Messrs. Arriek and Iiennon
to go into the Department and examine thor-
oughly the records. Wherefore, then, the ne-
cessity for coming to Congress to get Congress
to pass a solemn act to authorize Arrick and
Kennon to go and overhaul and rummage the
records of the Department? Are not the Com-
mittee on Ordnance, who represent this case,
willing to trust General Holt, who is the official
representative of the Government, who aits
there in the court and watches its proceedings,
who has expressed his_ desire that these men
should be permitted to investigate and examine
the records, and who has the power to graut
them that privilege according to the order of
the Secretacy of War indorsed upon the back
of their application, if he chooses to do so? I
do riot object to this order being made so far
as this individual case is concerned ; but I do
object to the establishment of a precedent by
which any party who wants to go and rummage
the records of any of the Departments of this
Government shall come in here and in the
mprning hour rush through a resolution author-
izing him or his attorney to overhaul and over-
turn all the records of any of the Departments
of the Government.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Iowa
does the joint Committee on Ordnance great
injustice when he speaks of them as being the
representatives of this case, or as having any-
thing to do with it.
Mr. G1JIMES. I did not speak of them in
that capacity; I spoke of the attorneys, of Ar-
rick and Kennon, whose petition the gentleman
held in his hand, as being the representatives
of the case, and as being private prosecutors
according to the admission of the Senator
himself.
Mr. HOWARD. I understood the honor-
able Senator very distinctly, as I thought, to say
that the committee were the representatives
of this case. He certainly made a reference
to the joint Committee on Ordnance for some
purpose, and I understood him to say, very
clearly, that they were the representatives of
this case either before the court of inquiry or
somewhere else. In that the honorable Sen-
ator is entirely mistaken.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not responsible for the
Senator's understanding of what Isaid. I am
only responsible for what I did say. I did not
say any such thing. I said that this proposi-
tion came from the Committee on Ordnance.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator is equally
mistaken there. This proposition does not
come from the Committee on Ordnance at all.
The committee have nothing to do with it. I
offer the resolution here upon my own respon-
sibility, in order to promote justice and to
enable facts to be presented before that court
of inquiry which some person is anxious, as it
seems to me, to suppress. It is very true that
the J udge Advocate General has authority to
allow an inspection of these records, if he
chooses to do so; but he does not permit it for
-.some reason or other, and the counsel for the
a£ci)sers allege that an inspection of these
records is absolutely essential to the adminis-
tration of justice and to the ascertainment of
the whole truth in the case. To ascertain that
truth is undoubtedly the object for which the
court of inquiry was organized. I do not see
any objection to the passage of such a resolu-
tion as this by Congress. Without such a res-
olution, it may turn out to be utterly impossi-
ble to arrive at the truth, and the whole truth,
in regard to the charges made in respect to
General Dyer, chief of ordnance. I trust that
the truth will not be suppressed by defeating
this resolution.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I simply desire to say that
this is a proposition to authorize private per-
sons, who are denominated by the Senator
from Michigan as the representatives of pri-
vate prosecutors, to go into the Ordnance Bu-
reau of this Government and overhaul the
records there. I have proposed to amend the
resolution so as to give authority to the Judge
Advocate General, who is the official represent-
ative of the Government, and who is acting
with these representatives of private parties, to
do that.
Mr. HOWARD. And it is fairly to be in-
ferred from the indorsement of the J udge Ad-
.vocate General that he is unwilling to allow-an
inspection of the original records. If he has
the power he I>a3 refused to exercise it. He
indorses upon the request made to'him* the
following words, which I read before :
" Respectfully submitted to tho consideration of
the Secretary of War, with an expression of opinion
that the distinct averments made by the writers on
their professional honor are quite sufficient to justify
the granting of this request for the personal exam-
ination of the records rei'evredto."
That is what General Holt says.
Mr. EDMONDS. Now read what the Sec-
retary ot War says, and we shall understand
the whole case.
Mr. HOWARD. I read itbefore, but I will
read it again :
December 29, 1868.
Respectfully returned to the Judge Advocate
General, who is the official prosecutor in this case,
and whoso duty it is to procure from the records of
the War Department and its bureaus all evidence
which ought, to bo brought before the court. For this
purpose ho may m porson or by oithor of his author-
ized assistants search the records, and may employ
to aid him such experts as may bo necessary; but
permission t.o search tho records of the Department
cannot be given by the Secretary of War to any per-
son not subject to his authority.
J. M. SCHOFIELD,
Secretary of War.
I know nothing in the nature of a public
record, whether it he in a Department, in a
court of justice, or elsewhere, that is so sacred
that parties interested in the record are to be
excluded from an actual inspection of the paper
itself in order to ascertain whether the record
has been preserved, as is required by law, or
whether it has been mutilated and diminished
for some sinister purpose. The counsel in this
matter allege that they have reason to believe,
and do believe, that there has been such a mu-
tilation of the records in the ordnance office;
and they therefore ask permission, in the pres-
ence of the chief of ordnance himself, if he
chooses to be present, to make an actual in-
spection of the ordnance records, to ascertain
to their own satisfaction whether there has been
a mutilation or not; and I think it becomes the
honor and the dignity of the Government itself
to see to it that its records have not been
mutilated or injured.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I think the
Senator from Michigan is hardly justified, judg-
ing from this indorsement of the Judge Advo-
cate General, in saying that he manifestly is
unwilling that the records of tho Ordnance
Bureau should be investigated by these parties.
On the contrary, ho expresses a willingness
that it should be done, and recommends that
the Secretary of WTar shall grant such permis-
sion.
Mr. HOWARD. But the Secretary says he
has no power to grant it.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well. What I was
speaking to just at this moment was that the
Senator from Michigan seemed to convey the
idea that if this matter was left to the Judge
Advocate General, he would not grant these
parties the permission to examine the records.
To that I say he has already committed him-
self by the indorsement which he made upon
their application, that they ought to be per-
mitted to examine the records.
Mr. HOWARD. No ; there is a mistake
about that. He is silent on that subject.
Mr. GRIMES. Here it is:
Respectfully submitted for the consideration of
the Secretary of War, with an expression of opinion
that the distinct averments made by the writers on
their professional honor are quite sufficienttojustify
tho granting of such a request for tiie personal ex-
amination of the records.
J. HOLT.
He says that the specific averments alleged
in their application are sufficient to justify an
order authorizing them to make this examina-
tion. The Secretary of War says in response
to that: "I do not think it proper to allow
those private persons to go in there and over-
haul the records and examine all the transac-
tions of this Government in connection not
only with this particular thing now under in-
vestigation, but everything else during the last
fifty years; but 1 will authorize the Judge
