1394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
human system as to do anything that should
impede in any respect the free circulation of
information to every part of the country, send-
ing letters and newspapers not only throughout
every town, but to the very remotest districts
for the convenience of the very remotest parts
of the community.
Now, what is the truth with regard to the
Post Office Department? Its revenue comes
principally from the large cities. It comes
more from the Bast than from the West. It
comes very much more, and it always has come
from the North than from the South, from the
commercial and manufacturing communities
than from communities which are purely agri-
cultural. The best proof of that is that up to
1860 the Post Office Department had sometimes
a deficiency of one and two million dollars, and
in one year it ran up to nearly six million dol-
lars. When the war came on, and we were
relieved from the burden of keeping up mail
facilities at the South, the Post Office deficiency
became lower and lower until in the last year
of the war we had a surplus of nearly one
million dollars—$861,000. And yet shall any
one argue from that that we are to cut off the
South from mails? The more remote the re-
gion the greater the necessity of sending these
rays of light by information to be disseminated
through the Post Office Department to every
such remote region in order that they may be
built up. It costs us a great deal to send to
Salt Lake, to send to Montana, to send to
Nevada, to send to the South, and to the re-
motest Territories information ofany character
through the Post Office. And it is that which
sometimes makes the Post Office Department
exhibit a deficiency where perhaps it ought to
show a surplus. But if you will confine your
mail service to the large cities and populous
States, you will have your Post Office Depart-
ment a money-making machine, even at the
present low rates of postage.
But that is not what we desire. We desire
to lceef) up the Post Office Department, with
all its facilities and all its blessings, notwith-
standing in doing so we have to make the rich
and populous cities and the more populous
States out of their surplus supply the deficiency
in the remote regions of the West and the
South, and the more sparsely-populated por-
tions of the country.
No"-, I repeat, so far as this letter-carrier
system ,a concerned—and the gentleman has
not answered it at all—that we have had no
exhibit of figures here which mean anything.
The exhibit merely shows that the local post-
age does not pay for the letter carriers. But
what is tho local postage? It is the postage
charged and collected for transporting letters
from one part of the city of New York to an-
other part of the city of New York, or from
one part of the city of Philadelphia to another
part of the city of Philadelphia, and so in other
cities, on letters which used to be carried under
the old penny postal system.
But I repeat what I said before; the man
living in one of the wards or districts of New
xork city, or in Philadelphia, when he knows
that the letter carrier will come to him twice a
day, will write two, three, or four letters to
persons in New England, or in the West, or in
neighboring States and cities where he would
not, write oue if he did not have this provoca-
tion to frequent writing by the facilities thus
afforded to him.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. O'NEILL. I desire to say a few words
tor the purpose of expressing my opposition to
any such decrease of appropriations as will
limit the usefulness of the postal service. I
have listened to this debate with great atten-
tion, because, as has been said by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Sckenck,] it is a very inter-
esting subject. It is interesting not only to the
ruial population of the country and to the
smaller towns, cities, and villages, but it is of
course ol great interest to the larger cities.
In the city of Philadelphia we have frequent
deliveries and frequent collections of letters,
and the facilities thus afforded give the business
people there great satisfaction. And so it is in
New York, Boston, and Baltimore, and other
large cities of the country. I presume that this
Congress does not wish to cut off these facili-
ties in any way. The demands of business
require them, and while we are endeavoring to
inaugurate a proper system of economy in every
Department of the Government let us not with-
out fair discrimination do anything which may
interfere in any degree with arrangements which
have been made for the frequent and prompt
dispatch of the correspondence of the country.
The appropriation made last year for the
letter-carrier system was about seven hundred
thousand dollars. The Postmaster General
now asks for $1,000,000. The Committee on
Appropriations suggest that we cut it down to
$500,000. Why, sir, this postal service cannot
be properly carried on if we diminish the appro-
priation. This great country is increasing rap-
idly, with the means of travel extending every
year. Month after month new post offices are
being established. Yet, it is proposed to-night
that not only the appropriation for the pay-
ment of letter carriers, but that other items
deemed necessary by the Department, should
be stricken from the bill. I am in favor of
giving increased facilities for the transmission
of the mails, and this is demanded everywhere.
I will refer to the State of Pennsylvania to
illustrate the growing wants of the people in
this respect. That State, within the last
twenty-five or thirty years, has expended over
$260,000,000, coming voluntarily from the
pockets of its citizens, for the construction of
railroads and canals. Those railroads and
canals extend over five thousand miles in length
within the borders of that State.
The increase in the number of post offices
every year along the lines of these improve-
ments must be very great. At every railroad
station there is a post office ; at every village
within the reach of a railroad or canal there is
a post office, and that must be the case through-
out the country, wherever enterprise is push-
ing forward the means of travel for its citizens
and transportation for the products of the soil
and the results of its industry. Our cities are
increasing rapidly in population, and in regard
to them the city of Philadelphia with a popu-
lation of over eight hundred thousand ; the
city of New York, with a population of nearly
a million, and with the business of both extend-
ing to all parts of the country and all over the
world, must be accommodated with facilities
not only for their local correspondence, but
for that which is to be carried beyond their
limits. They want frequent mails. They re-
quire almost constant deliveries of letters.
The latter lias become a necessity ; and yet, if
tho views of the Committee on Appropriations
prevail, they will be deprived to a great extent
of the conveniences they now have. In these
large cities there are at least six or seven col-
lections, and almost as many deliveries daily.
The boxes for the reception of letters are to
be found at almost every corner of the streets.
The labor of many men is required, not only
to collect from them, but to deliver the letters.
Cut down this appropriation and these facili-
ties must, of course, be diminished. It is im-
possible to do this work with fewer men than
are now employed. Those who now perform
it are wearied and worn out before their long
day's work is done, and I am only surprised
that any of them stand the exhaustion and
fatigue of their honest and unremitting toil.
There should be more carriers instead of a
reduction of the number, as this proposed
decrease of appropriation would undoubtedly
bring about, lhose of us who have realized
the convenience of frequent mail deliveries and
have witnessed the activity and fidelity in the
performance of duty of the letter carriers in
large cities, must feel surprised that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations has suggested that
so much less be appropriated for this item of
really necessary expense.
So do I deprecate unwarranted decrease in
the appropriations for the general mail service.
Why, sir, we cannot expect our country to
flourish, to increase in wealth and population,
unless we give proper facilities to our citizens
for the transmission and reception of the mails,
unless we show to the world that while we are
carrying on a great Government we are willing
to make expenditures commensurate with its
greatness. It is inevitable that the expenses
of the Post Office Department must increase
yearly, because it is inevitable that the coun-
try must grow, that its citizens must increase
in numbers, and that its business interests must
be developed. .
Mr. Chairman, reverting to the appropriation
for letter carriers, I think that it should not be
cut down. I am sure these men do more ser-
vice, perhaps, than any other class of men in
the employment ofthe Government. They are
engaged in our cities from early morning till
late at night, and yet they are living upon very
poor salaries as compared with the salaries of
other Government employes. There have been,
I believe, applications from all the principal
cities of the Union for an increase of the pay
of letter carriers, so that their salaries may be
made sufficient for them to live upon, and so
that they can properly maintain themselves
and their families. I hope, Mr. Chairman, the
appropriation of $1,000,000 will not be dimin-
ished to the extent of one dollar.
[Here the hammer fell.]
TheCHAIRMAN. Debate upon the pend-
ing amendment is exhausted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. JUDD. I renew the amendment. It
seems to me that the proposition presented by
the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Beaman,]
from the Committee on Appropriations, is cer-
tainly a step backward; and 1 do not believe
that the country demands that any such step
shall be taken. If the gentleman desires to
go backward, he should go entirely back and
destroy the postal system. And I say to him
that such a measure would not disturb for one
moment the interests of the large cities of the
Union in the transmission of the mails and the
receipt of intelligence. There is the error of
my friend from Missouri, [Mr. Stover.] Abol-
ish the post office system entirely, and the ex-
press companies will carry letters between New
York and Chicago and deliver them in both
cities at a lower rate than that at which the
Post Office Department now carries them.
Strike down the facilities and privileges of the
larger cities, which contribute to sustain the
postal service in the rural portions of the coun-
try, and you do not injure those cities in which
the^ letter carriers are now distributing the
mails. Through the agency of the railroad
and express companies the people of those
cities would have their letters delivered daily
at their doors at a less cost than the present
charge of the Government of the United States
for carrying letters. These large cities all pay
more than the cost of mail transportation in
their own region. They pay for the trans-
portation of the mails within the section of
my friend from Missouri. He is mistaken if
he supposes that the small amount paid to the
letter carriers in our cities is levied upon his
constituents. He asks, does not a man in
Missouri pay just as much postage on his let-
ter as a man in New York? Certainly; but
in New York there are thousands of letters
carried where but one is carried in his dis-
trict, and the money received for those thou-
sands of letters in New York goes to pay the
expenses of transporting the mail in his dis-
trict. I say, then, if we are to take a step
backward in regard to the distribution of
information,, let us abolish the entire postal
system, leaving the business of carrying letter;!
to private energy and enterprise.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. My friend from Illinois,
[Mr. J tod,] my friend from Ohio, [Mr.
^CHE®CK.] and my friend from Philadelphia,
[Mr. O'Neill,] have argued the matter as if
this were a proposition to stop the mails, to
dimmish the mail service of the country, to
withhold from the people the rays of light of
