442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
Advocate General to make that examination j
either through himself or through anybody that j
he may appoint." Have they applied to the
Judge Advocate General? Have they been
refused by the Judge Advocate General?
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose they have.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose they have not.
There is no evidence of it. So far from it, we
have reason to suppose they have never made
any such application, and have never been re-
fused, because the Judge Advocate General is
upon the record indorsing the application and
saying that they ought to be permitted to make
the investigation. But, instead of applying to
the Judge Advocate General, who is associated
with them as one of the attorneys in the case,
they run off to Congress and ask us to inter-
fere in this special case and give them authority
to overhaul those records.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And entirely independent
of him.
Mr. GRIMES. And, as is remarked by my
friend, entirely independent of him, without any
reference to the Judge Advocate General or
anybody else.
Mr. HOWARD. The resolution expressly
.says that it may be done in the presence of the
chief of ordnance if he chooses to be present.
In point of fact I have been informed by the
counsel that they have been refused absolutely
access to these records. They cannot get at
them.
Mr. GRIMES. By whom have they been
refused ?
Mr. HOWARD. By the Judge Advocate
General.
Mr. GRIMES. Now, Mr. President. I want
to have this resolution lie over until to-morrow
until that matter can be investigated. I cannot
believe that a man of honor like Judge Holt,
who lias made such an indorsement as that on
that paper, could within a few hours after hav-
ing made it turn around and deny to those
persons the privilege of doing the very thing
he put himself on record as being in favor of
their having the power to do. If he has, it ought
to be known to the Senate, that we may know
what confidence in future to place upon the
representations of a man in as conspicuous a
place as General Holt is. As my friend from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] suggests, we ought
to know, if he has done it, the reasons why he
has done it. Those reasons may be of great
consequence; they may affect the public inter-
est ; and we ought not to be called upon to pass
upon a question of this kind, involving, it may
be, the safety of the public records, upon the
mere declaration that a public officer has
ignored what he has already authorized to be
done and expressed himself in favor of being
done.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator is mistaken
in the inference'he draws from the indorse-
ment made by Judge Holt upon the application
which was made to him for this privilege to
inspcct the records. He does not give the
permission, but ho refers the paper containing
the request to the Secretary of War, who re-
turns it to him with an indorsement saying
substantially that he has nothing to do with it
and has no power over it, referring the whole
thing back to Judge Holt. There the thing
stands, as a matter of fact. Now, as I said
before, I am informed that the Judge Advocate
General refused to give to the counsel access
to those records for the purpose of inspecting
them. There is no danger whatever of the
records being lost. It is only the privilege
granted to every private party who has an
interest in a subject-matter of inspecting the
public records ; and it seems to me it is little
better than mere pretense to refuse it on this
occasion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour luvingoxpired, the unfinished business
of yesterday is before the Senate, being the
bill commonly called the copper bill.
mosfcalhj prom tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 173) respecting the provisional
governments of Yirginia and Texas, with an
amendment; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bill and joint resolu-
tion ; in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1599) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1870 ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 418) in rela-
tion to lands and other property of W. W.
Corcoran in the District of Columbia, used by
the United States Government duringand since
the war of the rebellion.
virginia and texas.
The Senate proceeded to consider theamend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 173) respecting the
provisional governments of Virginia and Texas,
which wm to add the following proviso:
Provided, That the provisions of this act shall not
apply to persons who by reason of the removal of
their disabilities, as provided in the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution, shall have qualified
for any office in pusuance of the act entitled "'An act
prescribing an oath of otiicc for pe:sons from whom
legal disabilities shall have been removed," approved
July 11, 1868: And provided farther, That this joint
resolution shall not takeeffect until thirty days from
and after its passage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have that
amendment explained. I presume it is all
right, but I do not understand it. I should
like to have the Senator who has it in charge
state what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
and amendment will lie on the table.
house bills referred.
The bill (IT. R. No. 1599) making appropri-
ations for the naval service for the year end-
ing June 30, 1870, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations.
The joint resolution,£H. R. No. 413) in rela-
tion to lands and other property of W. W.
Corcoran in the District of Columbia, used by
the United Stales Government during and
since the war of the rebellion, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
uitiee uu i
s/
duties on imported copper
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1460) regulating the duties on imported
copper and copper ores.
Sir. CHANDLER. Mr. President, there is
a misapprehension on the part of many Sen-
ators as to the amendment which was offered
and adopted yesterday. One of the Senators
from Massachusetts informed me that had he
been aware of the adoption of that amendment
ho would have sustained the bill yesterday. J
will read that amendment as it was adopted by
the Senate:
"On copper in rolled plates, eallcd brazier's cop-
per, sheets, rods, pipes, and copper bottoms, eyelets,
and all manufactures of copper or of which copper
shall be a component of chief value, not otherwise
herein provided for, forty-five percent, ad valorem."
It was understood by the friends of the bill
that the adoption of that amendment would
remove the objections from that quarter to the
bill; and I was rather surprised that it was not
understood universally by the body. That
amendment was adopted, and is now a part of
the bill before the Senate.
The Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry,]
in my judgment, led the Senate into a mistake
in his remarks yesterday. He said :
"Well now, sir, I have just this to say about my
State of Connecticut in this connection : wo ask no
favors of the Senator trom Michigan; we have not
been accustomed in that little Commonwealth to
lookup to the Government of the United States to
help us in developing our resources and building up
our enterprises. Sir, by the energy., the industry,
the capital of Comieel'cut, invested and developed
through the indomitable perseverance of its people
since the very foundation of this Government, its
rocky hills have been made to blossom afteherose;
its every valley has been made to resound faith tilo,
hum of machinery. \ /
"Sir, you may strike off from your statute bogj
every farthing of protection which you give td\dar
interests, and Connecticut will go on as she has gmxie
on in the past. You may take away from us your
tariffs: you cannot take away from us the indom-
itable energy of our people."
Mr. President, I would not detract one iota
from the indomitable energy of the people of
Connecticut; but I believe the Senator from
Connecticut to be under a very grave misap-
prehension as to the effect of removing all pro-
tection fiom that people. While I admit their
indomitable energy, I will say that there is not
a people in these United States who have
shown so indomitable an energy in seeking for
the protection of every article that is produced
by them as the people of Connecticut. There
is not an article produced there, from a wooden
button to a brass clock or from earpetings to
jew's-harps, that is not heavily protected by
this Government; and yesterday, when I called
up this bill asking for a small protection upon
this great copper interest, the very first move-
ment was to look out for every single produc-
tion of Connecticut by increasing the duty on
the manufactures of copper ten per cent., and
we accepted it, with the understanding that with
that increase it would be satisfactory. Sir, she
was early in the field.
Mr. FERRY. May I ask the Senator a
question ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. KERRY. With whom did the Senator
have any such understanding?
Mr. CHANDLER. Not'with the Senator
from Connecticut.
Mr. FERRY. The implication of the re-
mark would lead to such a conclusion.
Mr. CHANDLER. It was not with the Sen-
ator from Connecticut. Now, sir, I do not wish
any misapprehension on this subject. I have
no remarks to make as to the euergy and suc-
cess of Connecticut. I rejoice in it. I have a
right to speak on this question of the tariff, for
I have been a tariff man all my life. There
never has been a tariff brought here since I
hav&'been a member of the body—twelve
ye^rs—that I have not voted for; and in every
stance I think I have voted for the highest
ariff proposed. I have no recollection ot ever
having deviated from that course. I believe
in protecting American manufactures and
American productions. I believe in protecting
the labor of the nation, and I have voted in
consonance with that belief.
But, sir, let us look a little at the products
of Connecticut and the protection afforded
them. Connecticut is largely interested, as
we all know, in manufactures. The manufac-
ture of sewing-silk is protected by forty per
cent.; of velvets, sixty per cent.; of ribbons,
sixty per cent.; dress and plaiu goods, sixty
per cent.; pongees and vestings. sixty per cent.;
shawls—and they are a very large article in
the produce of Conp.ecticut—sixty per cent.;
hosiery, sixty per cent.; laces, braids, fringes,
galloons, &c., sixty per cent. These are the
products of Connecticut that the Senator is
willing shall be deprived of their protection.
I can tell the Senator that if you deprive these
articles of that protection every single factory
in Connecticut producing them would stop
within a week ; ay, sir, they would stop within
a day. And so you may go through with the
entire list of articles produced in that State.
Silks, and manufactures of silk, ready-made
clothing, a large product there, are protected
by sixty per cent. Silk manufactures, wholly
of silk and not otherwise specified, fifty per
cent.; silk mixed goods, fifty per cent. Even
roofing hlate—and is there a rawer material
than roofing slate ?-g- has a protection of thirty-
five per cent. And now when we ask for twelve
and a half per cent, upon cupper that you have
to go two thousand feet into the bowels not
of the earth but of the rocks to raise, the Sen-
