1869.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Resumption, of Specie Payment—Mr. Pruyn.
Ho. of Reps.
polygamy, which is in opposition to the civil-
ized and Christian system of monogamy, and
it'this alleged sin can only be expiated by de-
priving that Territory of political life, I must
solemnly protest, in the name of the loyal and
free people of Dakota, in the name of my
country, whose honor it seeks to destroy,
against the right of this Congress or any other
power beneath God's shining sun to impute
to them the crimes of the polygamists of which
they are not guilty, or to punish them for trans-
gressions which they have never committed.
A more loyal, patriotic, and law-abiding peo-
ple than my constituents of Dakota cannot be
found in the Union. During the late war they
gave as large a proportion of their male popu-
lation to the Union cause as any other Terri-
tory. They organized their own troops to pro-
tect the inhabitants of Dakota and the frontiers
of Iowa, Nebraska, and Minnesota from Indian
depredations. They pursued a policy so wise
and conciliatory toward the Indian tribes as
to enable them to organize and equip a con-
siderable Indian force that has always proved
faithful and efficient in defense of the inhabit-
ants of that Territory against the hostile In-
dian tribes surrounding it. They challenge the
scrutiny of the Committee on the Territories
in regard to the faithful manner in which the
territorial government of Dakota has been ad-
ministered. For economy, efficiency, and just
policy, I know of no better example in the
liepublic. While the whole southwestern and
southern portion of our territorial domain is
in a blaze of Indian war, that is costing the
nation at the rate of more than forty million
dollars a year, peace and tranquillity reign
uninterruptedly throughout Dakota under the
wise and conciliatory policy pursued by her
people in their dealings with the savages.
And now, sir, I appeal to this honorable
body, and ask if you will sanction, by your
approval, a measure so fraught with injustice,
bad faith, illegal and unconstitutional oppres-
sion and wrong as this bill ? If the principles
of justice and equity yet linger within this legis-
lative Hall, where the Representatives' of the
people meet and exercise the sovereign power
of this nation ; if the binding force of the offi-
cial oath still retains its solemn obligations;
if, while so much time is spent in reconstruct-
ing States, it would be unwise to inaugurate a
system for the destruction of organized Terri-
tories, I ask that you will withhold your ap-
proval from this measure, so fraught with ruin,
disaster, and oppression to the loyal people of
Dakota, whose vested rights and political exist-
ence it aims to destroy.
Resumption of Specie Payment.
SPEECH OF HON. J. V. L. PRUYN,
of new yoiik,
In the House of Representatives,
February 5, 1869.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. PRUYN said:
Mr. Chairman : I propose to submit some
thoughts on this subject which now occur to
me without any of the thoroughness of arrange-
ment and detail which has characterized the
remarks of many who have preceded me, leav-
ing it to some other occasion, if need be, to
elaborate them. I have no new theory to pro-
pound in regard to the payment of our Gov-
ernment debt. I have no method to propose
by which it is to be liquidated or got rid of in
some mysterious way, by some funding or other
process, or by some fanciful scheme of an over-
wrought or enthusiastic brain without the pres-
sure of taxation upon the people. I have no j
plan of that kind to advance. My views on |
the subject are very simple and I think per- ;
fectlv practical, and I will submit them as
briefly as I well can.
Gold by the common consent of mankind at
all times and by all nations has been consid-
ered as the standard of value. We hear of it
in the second chapter of Genesis, where the land
of "Havilah" is spoken of. "where there is
gold, and the gold of that land is good." It is
useless to question this standard. Whoever
has attempred it has failed in the attempt, and
the common judgment of mankind has settled
down upon it as the most reliable. There are
those who say that gold is to be looked upon
only as an article of merchandise and not as a
standard of value. I shall not now attempt to
controvert such views, because I look upon the
matter as settled by a sentiment so universal
that it is useless to question it.
The evils attendant upon paper money, which
were experienced during the revolutionary war,
were so great that when the founders of the
Government met in Convention to prepare our
Constitution this subject arrested their most
earnest attention, and there can be no doubt
that they supposed when that instrument was
completed that they had established gold and
silver coin to be the standard of value, as well
for the States as for the Federal Government.
Let us test this by an inquiry : had the Fed-
eral Constitution, which inhibits States from
making "anything but gold and silver coin a
tender in payment of debts," contained an
express provision that the General Govern-
ment might make Government notes or bank
notes a legal tender, does any person believe
that it would have been ratified by the people?
No candid man acquainted with the history
of the times -will venture to say yes to this
inquiry. Notwithstanding all the troubles the
country passed through for more than seventy
years this principle was adhpred to until the
legal-tender act of February, 1862, was passed.
I believe the gentleman who last addressed the
committee was a member of the Congress of
1862.
Mr. BROOMALL. No; I was not a mem-
ber until 1863.
Mr. PRUYN. I feel sure from the current
of his remarks this evening that had he been
here he would have voted against that act.
Mr. BROOMALL. I have always voted
against expansion.
Mr. PRUYN. Many of the gentleman's
views on this subject are so sound that I feel
quite certain had he been here he would have
opposed the adoption of that law. It was in
my judgment a great error, increasing our
debt unduly, leading to extravagance and
wasteful expenditure, while our interest was
payable in gold on the enormous amount of
our obligations in like manner as if the act
had not been passed. But I do not propose
now to discuss this point. We are incum-
bered with a vast debt, for the payment of
which the faith of the nation is pledged, and
the question is, what are the best means to pay
that debt, and what system of finance should
be established which by its wise provisions will
bring us back to specie payments and conse-
quently to the extinguishment of the debt in
coin, the common standard of the world.
There has, it is true, been very much discus-
sion about the legal-tender act, especially with
reference to the question whether the principal
of the debt was by the terms of the act pay-
able in coin or not. And notwithstanding all
that I have read and heard in regard to it it
appears to me that there is a view of the act
which has never been sufficiently considered.
It is one which I have always entertained from
the first time I carefully read it. and which I
think affords the true solution of its provisions.
I will refer to it presently.
In the late political canvass neither party did
justice to itself as to this great question of the
public debt. The Republican party at the Chi-
cago convention passed a resolution in regard
to it, which was understood one way in one
part of'the country and another way in another
part. It was a very clever political device, and
it had its full effect. It declared in substance
that the public debt ought to be paid accoid-
ing to the true spirit and intent of the acts of
Congress creating it. What that true intent
! was presented the question in dispute. At the
West both political parties, to a great extent,
claimed that the debt might be paid in paper.
At the East, however, a different view prevailed
largely, and therefore this resolution did not
fairly meet the question or put the party upon
the unquestioned ground which it ought to have
occupied on so grave a question.
On the other side the resolution passed by
the Democratic party at the New York conven-
tion was supposed to insist upon the payment
of the debt in paper under all circumstances,
an inference quite unwarranted, however, by
its terms. The view I take of the act of 1862
is this : its first section authorized the issuing
of legal-tender notes, which the statute says—■
"Shall be receivable in payment of all taxes, in-
ternal duties, excises, debts, and demands of every
kind due to the United States except duties on im-
ports, and of all claims and demands against the
United States of every kind whatsoever except for
interest upon bonds and notes which shall be paid
in com, and shall also be lawful money and a legal
tender in payment of all debts, public and private,
within the United State? except duties on imports
and interest as aforesaid."
The statute also provides that—
14Such United States notes shall be received the
same as coin at their par value in payment for any
loans that may be hereafter sold or negotiated by
the Secretary of the Treasury, and may be reissued
from time to time as the exigencies of the public
interests shall require."
The next section of the act—and that its pro-
visions follow those already referred to is not
to be overlooked—authorizes the'issue of what
are called five-twenty bonds, on which interest
was to be paid in coin as already stated ; but
nothing is specially said as to the manner in
which the principal is to be paid, clearly leav-
ing that matter to the operation of the first
section of the act.
The statute is one virtually declaring the Gov-
ernment to be unable to carry on the war on
a sound financial basis, and the proposition it
made was simply this: that finding itself in
this situation, having undertaken a task to pay
for which it had to draw on posterity, it said
to the lender, "If you choose to lend us money,
and we will take our own paper money frotn
you, we promise to pay a large rate of interest
in gold, but as to the principal you must take
your risk.That is, ifwe come out successfully
from this great contest in which we are en-
gaged, if we retrieve our position and put down
the rebellion so that we can resume our career
of prosperity, then these obligations will be
worth par, and as a matter of course be paid
in gold.
If, on the other hand, we are defeated in our
attempt to put down the rebellion, if our in-
debtedness becomes so great that we can only
pay in paper, you must then take paper and
hold it till we can pay gold ; that is all we can
do, all you can ask us to do ; in other words,
you must, if you choose to buy our loan on the
liberal terms on which we offer it, share our
fate—coin at the time named if we succeed, but
if not, then paper, to be redeemed in coin
whenever we resume specie payments.
Mr. POLAND. I would like to ask my
friend from New York if any such construction
as he now puts upon that statute was put before
the people at the time these bonds were offered
in the market? Does he not know that the
question was put directly to the Secretary of
the Treasury whether the principal of these
bonds was to be paid in coin, and that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and every official from
the Secretary down declared that that wns the
| true construction of the law? Does he not
i know that every public place throughout the
i country was perfectly blazing with advertise-
