1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
40tii Cox<;....3d Suss.
Aspect, of our Country—Mr. Miller.
Ho. of Reps.
much currency in circulation as we had gold
and silver in the country to redeem it, but still
our batik notes passed from hand to hand as
the equivalent of coin. Why was it? Why did
all of us with the admitted inability of the banks
to redeem their circulation take bank notes as
an equivalent for so much gold and silver?
Simply, and here is the whole point of the mat-
ter, because we had "faith" in the labor, in
the business—in the integrity, if you please—
of the country to pay its debts, public and pri-
vate. In short, we believed that the country
was able to meet its obligations honorably, and
the banks were just as able to meet theirs. But
the legal-tender act of 1862 changed all this;
we declared our inability to sustain ourselves on
a sound financial basis and that we must draw on
the future to help us, and our drafts were so nu-
merous and so large that our owapeopie lost con-
fidence in our Government securities, and of
course the world did so also. Confidence/ 'faith''
has as yet but measurably returned. By wise
financial management it will be restored, and
when that comes, and nottill then, we will resume
specie payments. When this shall be depends
upon ourselves. But it never will come until
our financial system is put on a sound basis,
and the world understands, not only that we
are willing, but that we are able to pay our debts
without imposing undue and excessive burdens
upon the people. This last consideration is
importantin every view we may take of financial
matters. We have met taxation—excessive
taxation—liberally, nobly. The history of civil-
ization affords no parallel to it. Butthis cannot
continue without limit. History teaches us very
plainly that no people will consent to the indefi-
nite prolongation of such a state of things.
As soon as we are satisfied that the legisla-
tion of the country is wise and just, that our
system of finance is what it ought to be, that
revenue judiciously raised at the smallest pos-
sible cost (the reverse of our whole course
thus far) is adjusted to judicious expenditure,
our securities will rapidly appreciate in value,
and we will soon reach the point of specie
payments. I have not now the time, nor will
it be expected of me that I should enter upon
detail and mark out an entire scheme of taxa-
tion on the one side and of expenditure on the
other. It is a great point gained if it be dis-
tinctly understood that those in power will
insist upon and enforce proper economy in all
departments of the Government. Let a be-
ginning be made here in this Capitol, with this
House, with the Senate, with all the arrange-
ments about us. Here let reform and retrench-
ment begin ; there is ample room for it. Let
it be carried into your Executive Departments,
into the Army, the Navy, and above all into
your revenue service, where frauds so glaring
and so great have been committed that the
country has been shocked by the exposures
made in regard to them. Simplify your scheme
of taxation, impose burdens on a small number
of articles instead of the present endless cata-
logue, and thus effect a vast saving in the ex-
pense of collection.
Let the Government do these things, others
will necessarily follow ; and with the results
which a few years of wise financial admin-
istration will give our credit will be estab-
lished, our securities will command not their
present reduced rates as compared with even
those of third-class Powers in Europe and else-
where, but a value correspondent with our
resources, and we will soon reach the result
which all so much desire—a return to specie
payments. I repeat, no fanciful schemes will
do this; no plans or resolutions of boards
of trade, of commercial associations, of State
Legislatures, of congressional authority, can
accomplish it. Labor—that of the mechanic
in his workshop, that of the farmer blessed by
the bountiful returns of Providence—labor in
all its varieties must and will, with a wise
Government, work it out if not baffled in its
attempts by careless or corrupt legislation.
Aspect of enr Country.
SPEECH OF HON. GEORGE F. MILLER,
of pennsylvania,
Ix the House of Representatives,
February 25, 1869,
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union—
Mr. MILLER Mr. Chairman, during the
last eight years our country has passed through
a critical period. When Mr. Lincoln took the
presidential chair and assumed the reigns of
Government we were upon the eve of a rebel-
lion which arose to a magnitude that surprised
not only this but all other nations. No other
President had ever been placed in such an
embarrassing position. But it seems that an
all-wise Providence destined him for the great
work of saving this Republic. Mr. Lincoln on
assuming the Presidency was anxious to avert
the catastrophe of a war, and.did not desire to
interfere with slavery in States where it thfin ex-
isted,butwasdecidedly opposed to its extension.
Its advocates, however, were determined to
have their favorite system extended and placed
upou what they denominated a "more perma-
nent foundation," and were, as they thought,
prepared for the mighty contest between free-
dom and slavery. The slaveholding States
claimed one after another to secede until they
amounted to eleven. They organized armies,
and the first rebel gun was fired on the 12th
of April, 1861, which stimulated the northern
patriots to action, and there was a mighty ris-
ing of the people, who flew to arms, and, after
a long and bloody contest of the contending
armies, which cost hundreds of thousands of
lives and millions of treasure, the armed re-
bellion was subdued, and resulted in the over-
throw of that system which for so many years
had caused a bitter feeling between the north-
ern and southern States.
Slavery, as a war measure, met with its first
check by the proclamation of President Lincoln
under date of September 22,1862, and that fol-
lowed by the one of January 1, 1863, and re-
ceived its final blow by the adoption of the
constitutional amendment known as article
thirteen, which provides that—
"Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except
as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall
have been duly convicted, shall exist within the
United States or any place subject to their jurisdic-
tion."
The firm and undaunted courage of Presi-
dent Lincoln during the existence of that ter-
rible war willnever be forgotten bytheAmeri-
ican people. His name will go down in history
as one of the greatest patriots that ever lived.
Though he lived to see the open rebellion sub-
dued he was not spared to participate in the
reconstruction of the rebellious States, but was
deprived of that by the hands of an assassin,
leaving the chair of state which he filled with
so much honor to be occupied by another.^ Of
his immediate successor I need say nothing,
for his course has been condemned by all the
true, loyal people of the country, and the re-
tirement of Andrew Johnson from office will
be hailed, as a harbinger of better and more
peaceful times.
The reconstruction of the late rebellious
States was undertaken by Congress, and not-
withstanding the opposition of President John-
son it succeeded in having all those States
placed on a firm basis so as to insure the citi-
zens therein a republican form of government
and the protection of life and property, except
Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas. Those three
States have not as yet come up to the require-
ments of the reconstruction laws, but I trust it
may not be long until they do. It may be said
that the conduct of the State of Georgia shows
that the reconstruction laws had not the desired
effect so far as that State is conccrned. My
answer, Mr. Chairman, is, that is not the fault
of the reconstruction laws, but for the want
of a suitable man at the head of our national
affairs to "take care that the laws be faithfully
executed." When the so-called rebel States
are properly reconstructed there will be little
danger of another rebellion being ever inau-
gurated therein, and as the great bone of con-
tention, slavery, has been abolished, legisla-
tion, with a representation from all the States,
can proceed in harmony, having in view the
prosperity of the entire country.
This, Mr. Chairman, will increase emigration
to the southern States, and encourage the im-
provement of that section of country in agri-
culture, development of mineral resources and
manufactures, which will render them more
prosperous than they ever were or would have
been under slave labor. Free labor infuses into
the people new life and vigor; consequently
prosperity follows. The late slave States by
pursuing a judicious course will in a few years
be among the most prosperous of this Repub-
lic, and the devastations of war therein, so far
as relates to prosperity, will be forgotten, and
the blessings of freedom duly appreciated.
The reconstruction being nearly consum-
mated, which, aside from the late war growing
out of the rebellion, was the most momentous
question that ever devolved upon Congress to
adjust, there are other questions raised cal-
culated to agitate the public mind, the most
prominent of which is in relation to the finan-
cial condition of the country. The late war
entailed upon us a heavy debt which our national
honor compels us to hold sacred. In the late
presidential campaign the mode and manner
of its liquidation was introduced by the two
great political parties into the contest, and the
people decided in a most emphatic manner that
the national debt shall be paid in good faith,
and that there shall be no shrinking from our
obligations, thus showing to the world that the
United States discards repudiation in any form
that may be devised, and the man or party that
attempts it is sure to meet with a merited
rebuke.
I shall, Mr. Chairman, first remark upon the
policy of resumption of specie payment before
speaking of the condition of our national debt.
Many schemes are proposed for bringing about
resumption, and members in both Houses of
Congress are eager to present a plan by which
the desired object may be accomplished. Some
are for having the paper currency reduced
before a resumption takes place ; some for
fixing upon a%ertain period when it is to occur
without any reduction, and others for grasp-
ing at the golden egg at once. The question,
Mr. Chairman, is, are either of these projects
practicable ? Suppose we should^ determine,
as some desire, to try resumption either at once
or at a certain period, say a year or two hence;
have we coin in the country sufficient for that
purpose ? According to the last statement fur-
nished us by the Secretary of the Treasury, it
appears the coin in the United States Treasury
amounts to $88,732,716 44. How much more
there is in the country that can be made avail-
able it is impossible to say. Mr. McCulloch, in
his report for the year 1868, estimates the gold
and silver product of California and the Ter-
ritories since the year 1848 at upward of thir-
teen hundred million dollars. He also esti-
mates that upward of eleven hundred million
dollars have gone to other countries in ex-
change for their productions. It is also well
known that a large amount of gold is used in
manufactures.
In the able report of the Director of the
United States Mint at Philadelphia for the
year ending June 30, 1865, he estimates the
production of precious metals in the United
States for the previous fifteen years at $700,-
681,566 75, of which §030,681,566 75 was de-
posited for coinage. And it is estimated in
the valuable report of Joseph S. Wilson, esq.,
Commissioner of the General Land Office,
that the aggregate amount of gold and silver
remaining on hand on the 1st of January, 1848,
