1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
44#
country, and is also exported. The existing
tariff on this fabric is about thirty per cent. It
is the tariff that was originally imposed some
eigbtyearsago, and it was then in harmony with
the tariff on other textile fabrics; but while
the tariff on other textile fabrics has risen in a
constantly ascending ratio this has stood still.
It is still only thirty per cent. I am told that
the average on textile fabrics is sixty-two and
a half per cent., while on this there is a tariff
of only thirty per cent. Those who are en-
gaged in this business, and most meritorious
persons they are, have had to struggle under a
duty of only thirty per cent., while there was
this large duty on other textile fabrics. They
naturally appeal to Congress for relief at this
moment when, under the lead of my friend from
Michigan, it is beginning to revise the tariff
system and to apply a remedy in a specific ease ;
and why should they not haveit? The case,
to be sure, does not commend itself so grandly
as that represented by my friend from Michi-
gan ; it does not concern so many millions^ it
has not so large a name : it is not a great min-
eral interest, but it is an honest, true, substan-
tial manufacturing interest. _
My friend, I know, is against no such inter-
est as that, and I ask that he shall receive and
welcome on his bill and be hospitable to this
proposition, which has in it simply elements
of justice. I will read to you a portion of a
statement which has been made by gentlemen
interested in this fabric. They say:
" Our machinery is admirably ada.pted to its pur-
pose, but almost worthless for any other use; we
must make hair-cloth on it or stop it entirely, in the
latter emergency reducing its value to about that ot
old iron. ,
"The rate we now ask is a minimum rate, but we
think it will enable us to run our mill until such time
as there shall bo a general tariff revision, when we
shall claim to be made equal to kindred interests,
whatever may be the rate. In our present distress
we prefer to make our demand so moderate that no
question oa.n bo raised.
"We really ought to have a higher rate than the
average ot textile fabrics, inasmuch as our labor
account is a heavy percentage of entire cost, the best
looms under the best management producing only
some five yards per day. . . .
" Our enterpiise is not an experiment; it is m lull
operation, producing the best goods of their class m
the world; it is in every respect creditable to Amer-
ican industry, and is worthy of attention bv Govern-
ment auch as is given to similar interests. We ask no
more, and think we ought not to be asked to expect
less."
I do not know that I can add anything to
this simple statement of the case.^ I see no
objection to the amendment on a bill like the
present. If the Senate is undertaking to legis-
late on this subject; if it thinks it proper now
in a bill to provide for a specific interest in
order to meet the exigency of the time, then
I submit that 1 have made out a case, and a
good case, for a similar provision.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I am
informed by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means that if any amendments
go on to this bill not germane to copper they
will defeat the bilWin the other House. No
amendments have gone on except those con-
nected with the copper interest, and I hope
this amendment will be voted down, as it will
defeat the bill. It will do no good to the hair-
cloth interest, but will ruin the copper interest.
I hope, therefore, the amendment will bo voted
down.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not seehowitisgoing
to ruin the copper interest to put a fair protec-
tion on another interest, or how it is going to
hurt this bill to put 011 it a proposition that
has received tlie assent of both Houses of Con-
gress, that has received the assent of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means and the Finance
Committee, and that is recommended by the
Special Commissioner of the Revenue. It seems
to mo it will strengthen the bill, lhis is a new
branch of manufacture, and a very interesting
branch of manufacture, developing a new in-
dustry in the country, and giving employment
not only directly but indirectly to a large amount
of capital and a large number of men._ There
are more than half a million dollars invested
in this manufacture now m my own Mate, it
cannot go on under the present system. Not
only is the duty too low, but the manufacture
is peculiarly subject to fraudulent undervalua-
tion in the foreign article. The hair-cloth that
is imported into this country does not pay the
duty, as is made very apparent by a table now
before me drawn from official sources which I
will not trouble the Senate with.
I think that the Senator from Michigan being
sure of his- bill, having the Senate with him,
might oblige his friends who are equally inter-
ested in other branches of industry, and allow
this proposition, which has already received the
assent, of Congress to go upon this bill. It will
not hurt his bill; it will be of very great benefit
to us. If there is any tariff proposition that
has received the assent of both Houses of Con-
gress why not put it on this bill ? If another
proposition comes before us with the weight of
this, a proposition that has already been agreed
to, let it go on this bill. It will not hurt this
bill, and it is merely carrying out the will of
Congress as heretofore expressed; and it is
very well understood now that there can be no
general revision of the tariff at this session.
Here you are taking a particular interest and
separating it from all others. I do not thinkit
is hard to put a particular interest through in
that way, but I think it is hard to refuse to
receive, as my friend from Massachusetts said,
with some degree of hospitality, other proposi-
tions that are equally important and equally
necessary to the industry of the country.
Mr. VICKERS. The amendment offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts is an evidence,
it seems to me, of the impropriety of selecting
a single article upon which the duty shall be
raised, leaving out other articles of an import-
ant nature. In the adjustment of the tariff it
seems to me there should be a general adjust-
ment, because the different sections and the
different articles raised in different sections all
have some relation to each other, as well as
to the capitaLand to the labor employed. If
this article .of hair-cloth is to be introduced
into this bill there are other interests that
might also be introduced. Ihe Senator from
Massachusetts has not exactly told us of the
character of the hair that is to enter into this
composition, whether it be^ straight hair or
curly hair. [Laughter.*] It it be the latter I
shall be opposed certainly to his amendment.
[Laughter.] _
But we are now, sir, in the anomalous condi-
tion ofabsolutely asking Congress to protect our-
selves against ourselves; to protect us against
the labor of our own people. I have always
understood that the object of a tariff was to
protect the industry and the interests of our
own people against foreign labor and foreign
capital; but this bill is to protect a particular
section of our country and a particular inter-
est against other interests of our country, and
against the labor and capital of our own coun-
try. This is to me an anomaly in legislation.
These mines upon Lake Superior have grown
up since 1845, and they have grown up under
the legislation of Congress. Capital was in-
vested in these mines, labor was employed,
and if it was not found as profitable as antici-
pated capital would seek other investments
and more profit could be realized. Now, sir,
what is the condition of the interests advocated
so eloquently by my colleague and others m
this Chamber? Not, as represented by the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. IIowaiu),] sim-
ply an issue between the smelting company
of the city of Baltimore and the great works
upon Lake Superior, but, as was properly said
bytheSenatorfromConnecticut, [Mr. I'ERETiJ
"We have before us, adverse to this bill, the peti-
tion of the Baltimore Copper Company, with a capi-
tal of $1,000,000; we have a petition of ship-builders
of the United States; we have a petition of ship-
owners of the Unifed States; we have a petition of
three California mining companies: we ha\e the
petition of Moore & Co., of the Keystone copper
mine; another of the copper mines of JS evada,, an-
other of the Mineral Hill mine of Maryland, of the
Corriwell ore hank of Pennsylvania; ot the lieai Hill
mineof Maryland; andof the Waterbury Copper and
Brass Company of Connecticut.'
These are the diversified interests which are
to be affected by the operation of this bill, and
not as the Senator from Michigan said yester-
day simply a smelting company in the city of
Baltimore, against which he made a fling of a
want of patriotism ; but if I«u derstand the
political complexion of those who are engaged
in that company they would measure up to the
highest standard, perhaps, of patriotism and
loyalty to be erected by the Senator from Mich-
igan. But, sir, questions of that sort I do not
conceive should enter into the discussion of a
great measure which involves the financial
condition and industry of the country.
The operation of this bill would be to injure
the finances of the country. The revenues
would certainly be diminished. If I understand
the object of this bill, it is a prohibitory bill;
in its effect it is prohibitory, and 1 should like
to know where we get the power of passing a
prohibitory law in reference to the introduction
of foreign fabrics. Why, sir, the Constitution
gives to Congress the power to collect duties
and imposts and excises; but it is for two pur-
poses : to pay the debts, and to provide for
the general welfare of the country. These are
the purposes for which the power is given to
Congress. The power to regulate commerce
certainly does not imply the power to destroy
the very object for which commerce is to be
carried on.
I say, then, this bill will materially reduce
the revenues to be derived from imports. Why,
sir, looking at the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, we find that during the past
year the duties on imports have decreased
$12,000,000 and the tax upon incomes has
brought $28,000,000 less this year than it did
in the preceding year.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him how much duty has been paid
on the importation of copper ores?
Mr. VICKERS. Well, sir, 1 will answer
the Senator by asking him a question. I asked
the Senator yesterday to inform me how much
duty was paid upon copper ores, and he said
he could not do it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I told the Senator that
the whole amount was under fifty thousand
dollars, and I believe it is under thirty thou-
sand dollars ; but I am not quite sure. I have
not the exact figures; but §o0,000 will cover
the whole amount.
Mr. VICKERS. I was anxious to obtain
the precise amount of duties derived from the
importation of copper ore, but I was unable
to do so. It was estimated, in a printed circu-
lar which I had upon my desk, at $50,000. Ibo
Senator from Michigan thought it was less,
but was unable to give me the particular in-
formation desired. But, sir, be it $50,000
or $30,000 this bill will diminish the revenue
to that amount. Then we have, as I stated,
a diminution of the revenue on the single
item of income to the extent of $28,000,000,
and upon import duties of $12,000,000, making
in these two items &40,000,000. Your national
debt increased last month $1,500,000, and the
preceding month §30,000,000. Now, sir. with
an increase of the national debt, and a dimi-
nution of the revenue derived from imports, I
ask how the national debt is to be paid and
the honor of the country preserved ?
If it be our sincere wish and desire to pro-
vide for the payment of this debt we should
husband our resources, institute a system of
retrenchment and economy, vote no money for
new works of any description and economize
in those which have been commenced, and
endeavor, if possible, to reduce the expenses
of the collection of the revenue and the num-
ber of persons employed in that collection. If
we do this, if we economize and retrench and
curtail, and by our legislation ipprove the
amount of duties derived upon imports, we
may possibly see the end of the payment of the
national debt; but while the debt is increasing
on the one hand and we are diminishing the
revenues upon the other I cannot see that we
shall extend any hope to the people that this
debt will be paid.
Why, sir, we here seem to lose sight this
