1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOl
IM1
Lawrence S. Trimble.
Mr. BECK. My colleague, Mr. Trimble,
has leave of absence.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man is correct.
Charles Upson.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. My colleague, Mr.
Upson', has been in feeble health, and informed
me that he could not with safety to himself
attend any of these night sessions. I move
that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Henry Van Aernam. No excuse offered.
Daniel M. Van Auken, No excuse offered.
Burt Van Horn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Burt
Van Horn has leave of absence.
Robert T. Van Horn. No excuse offered.
Philadblph Van Trump. No excuse of-
fered.
Charles H. Van Wyck. No excuse offered.
Michael Vidal.
Mr. SYPHER. My colleague, Mr. Vidal,
is dangerously ill. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Hamilton Ward. No excuse offered.
CadwaLader C. Washburn.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move that Mr. Cad-
walader. C. Washburn be excused. In the
evenings he is usually in attendance on his
brother, Mr. Elihu B. Washburne, who is
sick.
The motion was agreed to.
Elihu B. Washburne.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move that Mr. Elihu
B. Washburne be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Henry D. Washburn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Henry
D. Washburn has leave of absence.
William B. Washbtjrn.
Mr. HOPKINS. I saw Mr. Washburn this
evening and know that he is unwell, and there-
fore move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Thomas Williams,
Mr. SOOPIELD. Mr. Williams has not
been well enough to attend a large number of
our daily sessions, and he has attended none
of the evening sessions. I move that he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
John T. Wilson. No excuse offered.
Stephen P. Wilson. No excuse offered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the sick
members be referred to the Committee on
Reconstruction for restoration. [Laughter.]
Mr. BURR. That would kill the last man
of them if they are now sick. [Renewed laugh-
ter.]
Fernando Wood.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I know that Mr. Wood
is not able to attend the evening sessions on
account of ill health, and move that he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask whether it would
be in order to move that the Globe reporters
shall be instructed not to report the great sick-
ness prevailing in this House, for fear of the
interests that may be jeopardized ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion
is not in order.
Mr. SHANKS. I hope the call will be pro-
ceeded with. I presume the gentleman from
Wisconsin has had amusement enough.
Mr. ROSS. If it be in order, I move that
all who feel unwell be now permitted to leave
the Hall. [Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to a point of order.
My point is, the Speaker not being here pres-
ent and not haviDg elected another Speaker,
that there is nobody here to sign a warrant for
the arrest of any member. Therefore, that
being the case, we shall have to abandon fur-
ther proceedings.
The SPEAK B R pro tempore. We have not
reached that point yet.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The Speaker of the
House has the right to designate a member to
act in his place.
Mr. NIBLACK. There is nothing on the
record to show that he has done so.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We have oecular dem-
onstration that he has done so.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the Sergeant-
at-Arms be bow directed to bring in the
absentees.
Mr. NIBLACK. I make my point of order
that there is no person present authorized to
sign the warrant.
Mr. SCHENCK. I recollect distinctly the
Speaker, before leaving the ehair to-day and
when we were about to take a recess, did des-
ignate some one to act as'Speaker pro tempore
for this evening. I do not know that he des-
ignated the gentleman now in the chair, but I
recollect by unanimous consent that some mem-
ber was designated for that purpose.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The present
occupant of the chair was not present at the
time the House took a recess this morning,
but he was requested by the Speaker to act as
Speaker pro tempore. The clerks inform him
that he was designated as such by the Speaker
before the House took a recess.
Mr. NIBLACK. I was not aware of that
fact.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
now recurs on the motion of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Kelsey.]
Mr. FERRISS. I move the following as an
amendment:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms take into
custody and bring to the bar of the House such of
its members as are now absent without the leave of
the House.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to a point of order,
and it is that the House, being without a quo-
rum, it cannot pass the resolution.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
Mr. KELSEY. I accept my colleague's
resolution as a modification of my motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
34, noes 53.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Can the resolution
be so amended as to take in gentlemen who
answered to their names under the first call,
then took their hats and coats, went out of the
Hall, and are not now here ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
has no information of any such gentlemen.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Name them.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Mr. Ashley, of Ohio,
is one of them.
Mr. Kelsey's resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand that some
members answered on the first call and then
disappeared. I do not know who it is, but I
move on information that it be called.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I suggest that there are
more than one, and that we have the names
of those reported as present who do not now
appear, so as to see now many are present.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is a mean practice
of answering to the first call and then sneak-
ing off and spending the rest of the night away,
which I think is worse than the original absence.
I move that the roll-call be repeated after the
warrant goes out.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There is another prac-
tice here of jumping out of the window; that
is worse than either.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is the gentleman guilty
of that ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, sir; but I believe
that the gentleman from Ohio and the gentle-
man from Illinois once did.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is not true. Noth-
ing of the kind, so far as I am concerned, ever
occurred. The gentleman from Wisconsin is
as fanciful as he is witty. He can coin a fact
as well as a joke.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
that the Clerk call the names of those who
have already answered to their names.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the motion till
the first warrant goes out.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask leave of absence for
the balance of the evening session on account
of ill health.
The gentleman was granted leave of absence
accordingly.
Mr. BROOMALL. I renew the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If a gentleman was here and
answered to his name and then obtained leave
of absence can the Sergeant-at-Arms bring
him in under these proceedings?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Those who
have a right to be absent will of course bo
6XCUS0(3 
Mr. JOHNSON. My colleague [Mr. Ax-
tell] had leave of absence. He answered to
his name on the first roll-call and then went
out. I move that he be excused.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. He will be
excused of course.
The Clerk then called the names of those
who had already answered to their names.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ELDRIDGE said: I rise to a question
of order. The rule of the House is being vio-
lated in this third calk It will be seen by the
Digest, page 31, precisely what this House is
authorized to do. This last call is contrary to
the rule of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a call
upon motion for the purpose of giving the
House information. It will be for the House
after the roll-call to decide that point.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But the rule is absolute.
I call for the reading of it from the Digest.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is too late.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point raised by the gentleman
from Iowa. It is also in the opinion of the
Chair out of order, inasmuch as it is within
the province of the House to order a call for
the purpose of obtaining information.
The roll-call having been concluded,
The Clerk reported the names of John Co-
vode and James M. Ashley as not having
been answered to on the call.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to excuse Mr.
Covode. He was here at the commencement
of the roll-call, and told me he had to go home
on account of the sickness of a child. He had
one very dangerously ill, and another has been
taken with the same disease.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I can
corroborate that statement.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Covodb
was accordingly excused.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The name
of James M. Ashley is the only one reported
as absent of those who answered to the first
roll-call.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I move that his
name be included among the absentees for
whom warrants of arrest shall be issued.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move, as an amend-
ment, that he be excused on account of his
eminent services in the impeachment of the
President.
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes 26,
noes 44.
Mr. FERRISS. I move that the proceedings
under this call be not discontinued by an ad-
journment of the House, so that they shall be
continued hereafter if the House adjourns at
any period during the proceedings.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. You cannot do that.
Mr. BURR. I would like to know bow we
can ever get out of here unless we dispense
with the proceedings in the call.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order. It seems to me that that is not a
legitimate motion. While the House is with-
out a quorum we must aet in accordance with
