222
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 25}
Ho. of Reps.
Aspect of our Country-—Mr. Miller.
40th Contg....3d Sess.
among the nations of Europe and America
in the various forms of money, bullion, and
manufactured articles, was $8,122,000,000, of
which $4,136,000,000 was gold, and $3,986,-
000, 000 was in silver. This, however, like all
such estimates, is but a mere conjecture. As
we cannot come to anything like an accurate
estimate of the coin in the United States, there
is one thing we do know, and that is, there is
very little in use as a circulating medium—in
some States none; so that it would be very un-
safe to attempt a resumption with the large
amount of paper money we have in circula-
tion, and a failure would be most disastrous.
It would tend to depreciate our paper money
to an alarming extent.
Then, on the other hand, will it do under
existing circumstances to diminish the amount
of paper money in circulation ? That, in my
opinion, is the only safe road toward an early
resumption, (and in that I agree with the views
expressed by the Secretary of the Treasury in
his last annual report,) provided it can be done
without injury to the business of the country.
We must be careful to do no act that will bring
upon us a repetition of the financial crisis of
1857, which swept over the country like a tor-
nado. Let us next examine as to the amount
of our currency under State banks prior to the
passage of an act of Congress entitled "An act
to provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of the United States bonds, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," and what it now is under the national
banking system.
First, as to the State banks, it is difficult to
ascertain the amount of circulating medium
under their operation, as they were local insti-
tutions and in many instances the circulation
confined within narrow limits ; but as near as
I have been able to approximate to it fiom
such information as I could obtain it appears
that in 1860 thecapital of such banks amounted
to 3421,880,095, and their circulation to $207-
102,477 and the specie to $83,594,537, making
the total of notes and specie amount to $290,-
097.014. In 1861 the capital was $429,592,-
713 ; notes in circulation $202,005,767, and
specie $87,674,507, making for that year
notes and specie amounting to $289,680,274;
and in 1862 capital $419,761,812; notes in
circulation $183,938,945; specie $102,207,-
559, making in notes and specie for that year
under the State bank system *$286,146,504;
and their deposits during the mine year were
$297,127,226. In October, 1868, there were
1645 banks organized under the national bank-
ing system, with a capital of $420,634,511,
having national bank notes outstanding to the
amount of $295,769,489, and at the same time
there were State bank notes outstandingto the
amount of $2,906,352 ; individual deposits,
$579,686,549 60; specie belonging to said
national banks, $11,749,642 14. In order to
show the amount of our present circulating
medium we must add to the above the United
States notes (or legal tenders as they are
called) and fractional currency and the result
will stand thus:
National bank notes outstanding $293,769,489 00
United States notes  356.021,073 00
iractional currency  35,511,127 54
Thus it will be seen that our present paper
currency amounts to $687,301,689 54. It may
be proper to state that I have not included
in the above gold certificates amounting to
$32,059,520. This, however, is not all in cir-
culation, but what is we must depend upon for
our circulating medium. In 1867 the Secretary
of the Treasury had authority under the then
existing laws to cancel $4,000,000 per month
of the United Slates notes, and by thus with-
drawing from the circulation a stagnation in
business, and more especially in the western
States, began to be severely felt, and Congress
was memorialized from every quarter to put
a stop to such cancellation, and consequently
Congress ieit constrained to pass an act sus-
pending the authority that had been given to
the Secretary of the Treasury to make a reduc
tion of the currency except so far as relates to
mutilated notes and the issue of others to fill
their place, which act became a law on the
4th of February, 1868, without the President's
signature.
By estimating our population at forty mil-
lions we would have about seventeen dollars
and eighteen cents of paper money to each
individual. Then, Mr. Chairman, if we have
riot more paper currency than the exigencies
of the times demand, of course it will not do
for Congress to permit a reduction which would
be sure to bring upon us another financial
crisis. Our paper currency is good; it passes in
every section of our country without discount.
It is equal to if not better than the old United
States Bank notes and the people are satisfied
with it. It has answered a good purpose ; it
served us in carrying on with success one of
the most terrible wars that any country ever
endured. Then why such a clamor for resump-
tion ? Clamor by whom? Not by the people
at large, but by politicians, speculators, and
some statesmen who seem anxious to show to
the country that they have hit upon the favor-
ite plan by which what is deemed by some a
desirable object may be obtained; but, strange
to say, we seldom find two agreeing upon a
similar theory, which makes it evident to any
reflecting mind that we are not in a condition
to experiment upon such a grave question.
Our country is in a prosperous Condition
and has been so ever since the close of the
war, with a slight exception, which is a remark-
able circumstance in history, as financial dis-
asters generally follow in the wake of a great
war. Then, why agitate this question now?
Why not be content in leaving "well enough
alone?" We have not enough of the prec5ous
metals to answer for a circulating medium
throughout the commercial world. That which
is annually taken from the bowels of the earth
does not keep pace with the increase of pop-
ulation and business wants. Since paper
money must necessarily be resorted to, bank
notes are issued iu all European Governments,
except it may be in Russia, where the entire
circulating medium is issued directly by the
Government. I am aware that it has been said
that the Secretary of the Treasury keeps too
large an amount of coin on hand; that it might
be placed in circulation or, in other words,
used in aiding to bring about specie resump-
tion. As I have heretofore remarked the Feb-
ruary statement of the Secretary shows on
band $88,732,716 44. This, it is true, is a
large amount, but it must be borne in mind
that we have a very large amount of outstand-
ing Government bonds, the interest on which
falls due semi-annually and must be paid in
gold, and paid promptly, too. A large amount
of these bonds are held in Europe, and if we
had not a sufficient supply of the precious metals
on hand to meet this demand we would be dis-
graced as a nation in the eyes of the civilized
world. Therefore, Mr. Chairman, I approve
of keeping sufficient specie on hand to meet
any contingency that might arise.
Before leaving this part of the subject I will
notice one of the main grounds urged by the
advocates of an early resumption, which is that
it would have a tendency to reduce prices and
consequently render living much cheaper. It
is true that prices have very much increased,
compared to what they we're prior to the war,
but so likewise have wages, and in a much
greater proportion, and, beside, employment
has been afforded to the industrious which
never would have been the case if business
were prostrated by a contraction of the cur-
rency. Never was there a time since the or-
ganization of our Government that business of
all kinds—except for lawyers and sheriffs-
was so prosperous as at the close of the late
war. lhose who, judging from the past, an-
ticipated an awful crisis about to overtake us
have been astounded, and well they might, for
our success as a nation is unparalleled.
I do not wish, Mr. Chairman, to be under-
stood as opposing a specie resumption, pro-
vided it can be brought about without injury to
the industry of the country ; but 1 am satisfied
that if it were now attempted we would have a
repetition of that fatal disaster of 1857 and of
prior financial crises. I would ask of what
advantage would low prices be to the laboring
man if his wages were reduced in proportion
or to a greater extent, and worse than all, if he
could get no employment; and it must be re-
membered that we have a large national debt
upon us, of which 1 will speak more fully here-
after ; that it now requires about one hundred
and twenty-five million dollars annually to pay
the interest thereon; that this and other ex-
penses of the Government, aside from duties
and sale of public domain, must be raised by
taxation, and if prices are reduced by contrac-
tion, the products of the farmer, for instance,
say one third or one half, and the manufactures
in proportion, how are the taxes to be raised?
I say let us be cautious before we take such a
leap in the dark.
I will now notice briefly another subject con-
nected with our circulating medium on which
considerable feeling is manifested, and that
is there is not a fair distribution among the
several States and Territories of our national
banking capital. It is true that many of our
cities have considerably more than might be
deemed a fair proportion, while the country
has nothing like what was had under the State
banking system, and not nearly as much as the
business of the country requires. Some of the
late rebellious States have little or none, and
the reason is because, when this system of
banking was inaugurated, they were in open
rebellion against the Government and waging
a war to destroy it, and now they complain that
they have not a fair share. I admit that as
far as practicable and the requirement of busi-
ness demand there ought to be banking facil-
ities afforded to every section of our country,
but the question is how is this to be brought
about? One proposition is to take from States
having over a certain amount per capita and
divide it among those that have less or none.
If this rule should be applied indiscriminately
to all the banks in such States as are alleged
to have more than their proportion great in-
justice would be done to many of the country
banks in those States that have not now any-
thing like'.he capital that the business in such
localities requires, nor what was afforded under
the old system of State banking.
This, it seems to me, could be remedied with-
out increasing our paper currency or working
injustice to any locality, and that is by with-
drawing from circulation United States notes
or legal tenders to the extent of such banking
capital as might be needed in the States hav-
ing none or too little and issuing in lieu thereof
to such banks as might be organized in such
localities a banking circulation to be secured
by United States bonds, as in case of batiks
now in existence. This would afford the relief
sought for and in no way expand the currency,
for I do not desire an expansion and trust it will
not be attempted, notwithstanding I deem it
impracticable at this time to contract the cir-
culation. It may be said that by this mode
the United States will have to pay such newly-
created banks a large amount of interest on
the bonds they will have on deposit as security.
My answer is there will be no increase of na-
tional debt, for the banks will have to go into
market and purchase the bonds, and it cer-
tainly can make no difference to the Govern-
ment whether the accruing interest is paid to
such banks or to an individual or whether a
portion of our bonds are held by our own bank-
ing institutions or by foreigners. For my part
I would prefer having them in our own country.
If a plan could be devised by which our bonds
could be made to bear a lower interest than at
