1308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
the rules and nothing ^Ise for the purpose of
getting a quorum. 1 do not see how such a
motion as this can be entertained.
The SPEAKEB j?ro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that (he motion made by the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Fekkiss] is m order
undertherules of thellouse. lheruleistnat
"By an adjournment pending a call all the pro-
ceedings under the call are terminated! but where
! fie House has previously passed an order specially
directing otherwise such special direction should
doubtless bo executed."
Mr. FAUNS'WORTH. That ia the very
point. We do not require any such motion.
Of course the Sergeant-at-Arms, bringing in
the absentees to-morrow morning, they must
be dealt with. A motion that further pro-
ceedings shall not be dispensed with by the
adjournment is unnecessary.
Mr. FERRISS. Oh, no. It is necessary.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Unless we order
the proceedings dispensed with they are not
dispensed with,
Mr. BLAINE. It takes a motion to dis-
pense with them either to-day or to-morrow.
Mr. BROOilALL. I submit that it is not
competent for the House to pass this resolu-
tion without a quorum. The practice hereto-
fore has always been—at least on several occa-
sions—to pass similar resolutions to this; but
we have always obtained a quorum before it
was done.
Mi. HUBBARD, of Vest Virginia. Cannot
we move to take a recess until to-morrow at
eleven o'clock, and that the Sergeant-at-Arms
be directed to make his return ai that hour?
The SPEAKIill^pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that that can be done.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I make
that motion.
Mr. BLAINE. Less than a quorum cannot
do that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
thinks, on reflection, that the House cannot
take a recess ponding the call.
Mr. FERRISS. Well, I insist on my motion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the regu-
lar order.
Mr. BROOMALL, I raise the question of
order that it is not competent for the House to
pass tbnt resolution without a quorum.
Mr. BLAINE. It is entire surplusage any
how, because an adjournment will not dispense
with the proceedings under the call.
Mr. FERRISS. Yes, it will.
Mr. BLAINE. I beg pardon. It will not
dispense with them.
'I ho SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of
order, and it is this: that whether we have a
quorum or not we may take such action with
regard to adjournment from time to time as
we may think proper, for the reason that it
might be necessary to execute a call of the
House to occupy several days until we could
send to the country for members. It is not
expected that a call of the House shall be ex-
ecuted at one sitting necessarily. We may
either take a recess or adjourn from day to day
and keep the proceedings in execution until
they are complered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk
will read the two last paragraphs from the
Digest on the subject of calls of the House.
The Clerk read as follows :
" J t ia not in order for the House to tnko a recess
duvinfi a call of iho House. Indeed, no motion,
exc-pt to adjourn or with icferenoo to the call, is
ever entertained during: a call.
. ' Bj an adjournment pending a call all tho proeeed-
under ibe cait are terminated, but where the
ilousehaspreviously passed an oi'derspeeiaJly direct-
ing otherwise, such special direction should doubt-
less be executed."
Mr. SCHEHCK. I move to amend the
motion made, by^ directing the Sergeant-at-
Arms to return his warrant, with the persons
in custody, to-morrow morning at the meeting
of the House, and immediately after the read-
ing of tho Journal.
'lhe SPEAKER.. The motion to amend is
in order.
Mr. BROOMALL. What has bccome of my
question of order made some time since?
The SPEAKER pro tempore-. The Chair
overruled the point of order.
Mr. ALLISON. I appeal to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to modify his amend-
ment to the motion of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Ferriss] so that it will be that
the House now take a recess until to-morrow
morning at eleven o'clock, for the purpose of
enabling the Sergeant-at-Arms t.o make his
return under the warrant of the Speaker.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A motion for
a recess is not now in order.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I move that the
House now adjourn. I doubt if every member
who has not been excused were now present,
whether there would be a quorum. Therefore
it is useless for us to proceed further in this
matter.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Sgiienck to the motion of Mr. Fekbiss.
Mr. FERRISS. I accept that amendment.
The auestion was upon the motion as modified.
Mr. I'ARNSWORTH. The only effect of
that motion, if adopted, will be that we will
occupy a couple of hours to- morrow fruitlessly,
and accomplish nothing except using up the
time of the House.
Mr. BROMWELL. If the House adjourns
now, will it riot be to meet at twelve o'clock
to-morrow? And if that be the case, should
the Sergeant-at-Arms .bring delinquent mem-
bers here at eleven o'clock who is to take cave
of them? I understand the motion pending
will involve that difficulty.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion
as inodiliedis that the Sergeant at-Arras make
return to-morrow immediately after the reading
of the Journal.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I would suggestthatthe
previous order referred to in the rule of the
House, in reference to continuing the effect of
the call of the roll, is an order adopted by the
House while there was a quorum present.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is not every motion in
connection with the call of the House in order
pending that call?
Mr. KELSEY. It has been snggest?d that
the Sergeant-at-Arms hag several members in
the lobby or in his room. I move that he be
now allowed to bring in to the bar of the House
such members as he may have in his custody.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that the Sergeant-at-Arms is in the
lobby of the House with certain members, ready
to present them to the bar of the House.
Sir. KOONTZ. I understand that he has
but one member there in his custody.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. He will be
admitted if there be no objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is it in order to do any-
thing except to put the question on a motion
which has already been submitted?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
understands that it is first iu order to admit
the Sergeant-at-Arms with the members in his
custody.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Chair and of the House to the
following paragraph of the Digest;
MIt is not in order for tho House to talio a recess
during a. call of the House. Indeed, no motion, ex-
cept to adjourn or with reference to tho call, ia ever
entertained during a call."
I hold that the motion of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Ferriss,] as modified by his
acceptance of my amendment, is a motion
14 with reference to the call."
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The attention
of the Chair has been called to a ruling of the
Speaker of the House in a case which appears
to be similar to the one now presented. The
Clerk will read the resolution then proposed,
and the ruling of the Chair upon it.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Mr. Broomall. I ask leave to submit tho fol-
lowing resolution:
"Resolved* That the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed
to bring the members now absent without leave be-
fore the bar of this House at one o'clock to-morrow
or as soon thereafter as possible? and that they thee?
be required to show cause why they should not be de-
clared to be in contempt df the House,and abide the
order of the House.
"The Speaker. There has been no vote of the
House yet taken by yeas and naystodiscloso the fact
that there is a quorum present. The Chair cannot
entertain the resolution until that fact has been
shown,
"Mr. Kasson. I would ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. BaooMALi/]to withdraw his reso-
lution for the present, that I may move that the
House now resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole.
" Mr. Broomall. Iam willing to let tho resolu-
tion remain until that has been done.
"The fep.EAKER. Some vote must be taken to show
the presence of a quorum.
" Mr. Nelson. I move that the House adjourn,
and upon that I call the yeas and nays. That will
show that there is a quorum present.
" The Speaker. The same thing mig-ht be shown
by voting upon the motion to dispense with further
proceedings under the call.
" Mr. Garfield. It that motion is adopted then
tho doors will be-opened, Which we do not want done,
"Mr. Ancona. I demand tellers upon ordering'
the yeas and nays.upon ths motion to adjourn. That
will show whether a quorum is presont just as weil as-
by any other vote.
"Tollers were ordered.
"Messrs. Ancona and Thayer were appointed to
act as tellers.
"The House divided, and tho tellers reported—ayes
4, noes 86; no quorum voting.
" So the House relused to order tho yeas and nays
upon the motion to adjourn.
"On the motion-to adjourn there were, on. a divi-
sion—ayes 16, noes 72.
" So tho motion was not agreed to.
"Mr. Wilson. For tho purpose of ascertaining"
whether there is a quorum present, I move that fur-
ther proceedings under the call be dispensed withy
and on that motion I demand the yeas and nays.
"Tho Speaker. The Chair, on reflection, thinks
that the motion is not probably tho proper one at
the present time to carry out the evident wishes of
the member?. The rule declares that 4 no motion,
except to adjourn or with reference to the call, is
ever entertained during a call-/ The motion to dis-
pense with further proceedings under the call, if suc-
cessful, would prevent further action with regard icy
absentees.
" The Chair will state that his experience is thai
whenever thero is barely a quoium present it is im-
possible to get a quorum to vote, except on a call of
tho yeas and nays.
" Mr. Tracy. X move that tho House now ad-
journ, and on that motion I demand the yeas and
nays.
"The yeas and nays were ordered.
"The question was taken; and it was decided in-
tho negative—yeas 2'), nays 68; no quorum voting.
"TheSpEAKER. Tho Chair votesm the negative,
making a quorum; and the motion is disagreed to.
" Mr. I3roomall. I now offer tho following reso-
lution:
"Resolved, That tho Sergeant-at-Arms be directed
to bring the members now absent without leave be-
fore the bar of tho House at one o'clock to-morrow,
Friday, February 10*, 1805. or as soon thereafter as
possible; and that they then be required to show
cause why they should not bo declared in contempt
of tho House, and abide the further order of tho
House.
" Mr. Baldwin, of Massachusetts. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. My point is this: if wo adjourn afcer
passing this resolution, will not the adjournment
nullify it? Can we continue these proceedings beyond
an adjournment?
"The Speaker. On the 6th day of April, 1842, ia
the Twenty-Seventh Congress, after prolonged pro-
ceedings under a call, Mr. LandafF W. Andrews
moved tho following resolution :
"Resolved, That all such members of tho House as
have not appeared in pursuance of the call of the
House, and given satisfactory excuses, shall be fined
the amount of tho fees of the Sergeant-at-Armb, sub-
ject to be released from the payment of the same on
appearing hereafter and makingsuch excuse as shall
bo deemed satisfactory to the House.
" The attendance of a quorum having been secured,
the Speaker entertained that resolution, and under
the previous question it was adopted. Further pro-
ceedings under the call were thendispensed with, the
doors were opened, and the IIousc adjourned. This
is tho precedent of the Twenty-Seventh Congress.
"Mr. Baldwin, of Massachusetts. That settles my
point.
"The Speaker. Tho Digest seems to correspond
with this precedents for ifesays:
"' No motion, except to adjourn or with reference
to the call, is ever entertained during a call.
"4 By an adjournment pending a call, all proceed-
ings in the call are terminated; but where the
House *—
"This is now a House—
41' has previously passed an order specially directing
otherwise, such special direction should doubtless be
executed.'"
Mr. BROOMALL. That resolution was
passed a quorum being present.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
of the opinion that, under the precedent estab-
lished in the proceedings which have been read
from the Clerk's desk, the motion made by the
gentleman from New York is now in order.
