1400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
•Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was afraid the
man would exhaust his.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mine is not so Bmall.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. It is on account of the
smallness of it that I objected.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know in what I have to
say I shall be compelled to claim, as I do most
emphatically, that the precedents which have
been read are not, sustained by the rules of
this House nor by the Constitution. I refer
first to the Constitution, as I was doing at the
moment of being interrupted. The Constitu-
tion says that—
"Each House shall bo the judge of the election
returns and qualifications of its own members, and a
majority shall constitute a quorum to do business."
Then it proceeds, knowing that we may be
sometimes without a quorum, to provide^ for
that contingency without which CoDgress might
be broken up, and it provides that—
" a smaller number "—
That is, less than a quorum—
" may adjourn from day to day, and may be author-
ized to compel the attondanoe of members in such
manner and under such penalties as the House may
provide."
Now, then, how are we to compel the attend-
ance of members ? The House has provided
that it may be done by a call of the House and
by issuing a warrant to compel the attendance
of members who are absent; that is, the Con-
stitution does not permit the House to be dis-
solved or broken up by less than a quorum
being present, and provides that there are cer-
tain things that may be done by less than a
quorum, and the principal one is, besides ad-
journment from day to day, to compel the
attendance of absentees. It compels them to
attend by a call and by the issuing of a war-
rant, that warrant being made returnable in
order to bring the parties before us. Now, the
House being reduced to less than a quorum,
ray motion was that the warrant be made return-
able to-morrow. I hold that a motion stating
when it shall be returned is just as much a
motion connected with the call of the House
as the'motion compelling attendance of absent
members or as a motion to issue a warrant is.
Everything that relates to bringing in those
absent members immediately, to-morrow or
at any time, less than a majority may order;
because the great thi ng which less than a quorum
is authorized by the Constitution to do is to
compel the attendance ot the absentees. The
rules seem to have followed oat this idea ; and
it ia provided, therefore, that—
"Nomotion except to adjourn or with reference to
tbo call is ever entertained during a call."
Any motion that has reference to the call,
any motion about the issuing of the writ, about
the return of the writ, about, in short, the com-
pelling of the attendance of the absent mem-
bers, which is the object of the call, is a motion
which is in order. .But we go further :
"By an adjournment pending a call all proceed-
ings in tile cjiU are terminated: but where tbo House
has previously passed an order specially directing
otherwise such speoiul direction should doubtless bo
executed,"
"What House is it that passes an order
"otherwise" than that the adjournment shall
put an end to the proceedings? Why it is this
House that has been reduced below a quorum.
This very minority protecting itself under the
Constitution may make any order in refer-
ence to that call, and it is this very minority
which specially directs otherwise. If it were
not so, in what condition would we be? Here
sits a minority which the Constitution has em-
powered to compel the attendance of absent
members in such a way and under such rules
as the House may prescribe. It is said, how-
ever, that if the House prescribes a rule which
requires anything to be done there must be a
majority here to do it. The very object of
allowing it to be done by less than a quorum,
under such rules as the Housa may prescribe,
is that less than a quorum may protect itself,
may bring in absent members. I hold, there-
fore, that these decisions which have been made,
that this law laid down under the rules as the
interpretation of the rules, is not following out
the language of the Constitution. The lan-
guage of the Constitution authorizes us, the
minority, to compel the attendance of absent
members in such manner and under such pen-
alties as each House may provide. The House
has provided that it shall have a call; that it
shall issue-a warrant; that that warrant shall
be returned ; that members shall be required
to excuse themselves; that members may have
penalties imposed upon them, and the House
that does all this is that very minority which
the Constitution has authorized in this way to
protect itself.
Now, I know that in making these remarks
I am apparently contradicting the precedents
which have been read. I do contradict them.
I think they are not consistent with the Con-
stitution. They make the "whole provision of
the Constitution and the rules in pursuance of
that Constitution absurd. Those rules are rules
that relate not to the House with a quorum
present, but to the House reduced below a quo-
rum. It is that House reduced below a quorum
which can do all these things. It is that House
reduced below a quorum which can authorize
a call. It is that House reduced below a quo-
rum which can issue a warrant. It is that House
reduced below a quorum which can hear ex-
cuses. It is that House reduced below a quorum
which may make the warrant returnable. It is
that House reduced below a quorum which will
lose all its labor if it adjourns without passing
an order providing for the continuance of its
proceedings. It is that House reduced below
a quorum which passes that order for the con-
tinuance of its proceedings. Now, sir, I do
not know what will be the effect—I suppose
none at all—of these remarks that I make, but
I, for one, feel constrained to appeal from the
decision made by" the Chair that we cannot
make an order as to the time when our warrant
shall be returned.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How can
the House entertain ati appeal without a
quorum?
Mr. SCHENCK. The Chair can entertain
any motion that has reference to the call of
the House. Less than a quorum cannot do any
business except to do all those things which
are necessary to compel the attendance of
absent members under the rules of the House.
If we cannot without a quorum say when our
warrant shall be returnable, then we cannot
use it without a quorum ; we cannot properly
impose penalties or accept excuses as we have
been doing. Yet the Constitution itself says
that loss than a quorum may conduct a call of
the House under such rules as the House may
prescribe, and under such penalties as it may
prescribe. The wholesubject, everything neces-
sary to compel the attendance of members, is
under the Constitution put in the power of the
minority. Gentlemen have put this case to
me: suppose that absent members were at a
great distance. That makes my argument but
the stronger. If we were here in session, less
than a quorum, and every one of the absentees
was a thousand miles distant, then, under the
ruling contended for by gentlemen, we would
have to remain here in perpetual session,
merely adjourning from day to day, as we
could make no order in regard to the absentees.
Mr. STEVENS. Could notthe House make
a rule when there was a quorum present that
would meet the case?
Mr. FERRY. Would the idea of passing
such an order or resolution be suggested ex-
cept when needed, which would be when there
was no quorum present?
Mr. SCHENCK. The rules which we have
already made are rules which require one of
those very things about which I make my
motion. A warrant which is not returnable at
any time is just nonsense. Therefore, every-
thing which relates to a return of the warrant
is as much a part of the proceedings under the
call as is everything that relates to the issue
of the warrant. A warrant from its very nature
and character must be something that is issued
and something that is to be returned, or else it
will amount to nothing. Now, the motion I
have submitted—and which is declared to be
out of order, from which decision I, take an
appeal—is a motion that the writ in the pos-
session of the Sergeant-at-Arms be returnable
to-morrow, immediately after the reading of
the Journal.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will suspend. The Sergeant-at-Arms is
prepared to submit a report to the House.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar
of the House and reported that, pursuant to the
order of the House, he now presented at the
bar Mr. Buckley, of Alabama.
The SEE^KER pro tempore. Mr. Buck-
ley, you nave been absent from the sessions
of the House without its leave. What ex-
cuse have you to offer to the House for your
abscuc©?
Mr. BUCKLEY. I have bo sufficient ex-
cuse to offer. The only excuse I have is that
1 went with some of my constituents to the
reception of Speaker Colfax.
Mr. PETERS. I now move that the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Buckley] be excused,
and considered as reconstructed, without the
payment of costs.
The motion to excuse was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Schenck, that the Sergeant-at-Arms be
directed to make his returns to-morrow, imme-
diately after the reading of the Journal.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I rise to a question
of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state his point of order.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. My point of order
is, that less than a quorum cannot pass upou
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck.] And I wish to say, in reply to the
remarks made by that gentleman, that while
the Constitution of the United States has con-
ferred upon this House the power to make
rules for its government, this House has not
exercised that power so far as to prescribe
rules for the government of its conduct in such
cases as the present. And in the absence of
any such rule our only power now is to en-
force this call or to adjourn until to-morrow,
thereby suspending the call. As to the diffi-
culty the gentleman from Ohio suggests, that
might be met at any time by the majority of
the House adopting a rule that it should be in
order for the members present at a call of the
House to postpone further proceedings under
a call till some future time.
Mr. MAYNARD. Suppose that the next
Congress, which is to meet on the 4th of
March, finds itself without a quorum, and of
course unable to organize. It has no rules for
its government. But under the Constitution
would not less than a quorum have the power
to send for absent members and compel their
attendance without such a rule as the gentle-
man describes?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. A minority have
a right to send for and bring in absent mem-
bers ; but I claim that a minority have not a
right to excuse absent members nor to fine
them ; that in the absence of a rule giving the
minority this power it can only be exercised
by a majority of the House.
Mr. FERRISS. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Iowa one question. How is a
quorum ever to be obtained until some of the
absent members have been brought in and
6xcusg(i ^
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Why, Mr. Speaker,
the presence of a majority of members in this
House 
Mr. FERRISS. Members of the House who
have been absent and who are brought in under
a call cannot act until they are excused.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The presence of a
majority of members in this House constitutes
a quorum, without regard to the question
whether some of them have or have not been
excused for absence without leave.
Mr. FERRISS. Members who are brought
in under a call cannot vote until they are ex-
cused, and if the minority ordering the call
cannot excuse them who can 1
