448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Pool, Rice. Rob-
ertson, Ross, Sawyer, Thayer, Trumbull, Wade,
Willey, and William-—32.
AliSlOVi:—Messrs.Bayard, Buckalew,Cattell,CoIe,
Edmunds, Hendricks, McDonald, Morrill of Maine,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Ramsey, Saulsbury,
Sherman, cpencer, Sprague, Stewart, Tipton, "War-
ner, Welch, and Yates—19.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, there have been
laid on our tables and presented to me per-
sonally several protests and petitions bearing
on this question ; some in favor of the passage
of the bill, and others protesting against its
passage. This fact affords perhaps sufficient
excuse for my giving very briefly some rea-
sons for the vote which I shall cast when the
bill is put upon its final passage.
I do not suppose that the passage of the bill
will afford any very great relief to the copper
interest. Indeed, 1 believe that the vast increase
of the product of copper throughout the world
in the last few years will, after all, override a
tariff of this nature, so that there will be im-
portations of this article at lower rates than
they can be afforded from the American mines.
But, sir, it is a well-known fact that the large
interest engaged in this enterprise of mining
for copper is, and has been for a year or two
past, perhaps longer, very much interfered with
by the importation of metal from foreign coun-
tries. The facts which have been stated in
reference to the mines near Lake Superior are
equally applicable to the mines that exist in
the Slate which I have the honor in part to rejl*
resent. The copper mines of California, of
Nevada, of Colorado, and Arizona are believed
to be, and in fact have been proven to be, very
extensive, very rich; but these mines, so far
as they exist m the State of California, are at
present of very little use ; very little, if any,
copper is longer produced from them, owing to
the low price the article bear3 in the market.
One of the largest mines, the Union mine at
Copperopolis, which formerly produced such a
vast amount of this ore, I am informed, has
been in a measure or temporarily abandoned,
and work upon it has been suspended. Per-
haps if our mines were more conveniently
located in reference to facilities for reaching
the market they would be worked still; but
most of the mines upon the Pacific coast are
so far from the market, and so far from the
means of the conveyance of the metals to mar-
ket, that the working of them had to be aban-
doned. 1 believe this bill will afford some
relief. I hope it will afford more relief than I
expect it will. I shall therefore support it.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, few persons
in the country are satisfied with the existing
tariff. Two years ago we undertook to make
a new tariff, but through want of industry or
incapacity we failed to do it. Then the wool
aud woolen interests were taken out of the
general tariff bill, and under a great pressure
a measure was forced through Congress in their
behalf. It was then supposed that the wool
interest was to receive great benefits from that
measure, and that the woolen manufacturing
interest was to derive some benefit from it.
Nearly two years have passed, and I understand
that the knife is being put to hundreds of thou-
sands of sheep in the country, and that no
very great benefit has been derived from that
measure.
And now, instead of taking up this whole
subject and adjusting the tariff according to the
new condition of the whole country, and taking
care of all the varied interests of the country,
we single out one interest- and force it through.
I have no doubt the copper mining interest is
very much depressed; but there is a great deal
of speculative interest about it. There are a
great many people who own stock in these
mining companies, and they expect it to rise
on the passage of this bill. It was brought
here without that portion of it that had been
put into the bill m the House of Representa-
tives : I mean so much of the measure as con-
cerns the various manufactures of copper. We
have, ho wever, incorporated that provision into
the bill.
I do not believe that this mode of legislation
is satisfactory to anybody in the country, to
the men who call themselves protectionists or
to the men who call themselves free-traders;
and I am very sure that it is not for the inter-
ests or to the honor of the country to construct
a tariff in this way. It shows on our part either
a want of comprehension of the whole con-
dition of the country or that we are willing
to take care of certain interests and neglect
other interests. I think the tendency of such
legislation is to make enemies to the revenue
system.
I voted for some amendments to this bill in
order to get the measure in as good a condition
as possible; but such is the impatient haste
with which the measure is sought to be crowded
through that we are reproached even for at-
tempting to better it. I voted to recommit it for
the same purpose, in the hope that if we were to
take up a portion of the tariff measure we would
make that portion as perfect as possible. We
failed to recommit it, and now we come di-
rectly to the vote upon the measure. This mode
of legislation, I think, will create hostility in
many directions toward Congress and to the
protective policy. Congress should have ad-
dressed itself before this time to the work of
making a tariff according to the needs of the
finances, according to the condition of the
currency aud the business interests of the peo-
ple. We are now to vote upon the bill. I
shall vote for it, but I do so with a great deal
of reluctance.
Mr. CORBETT. As my friend from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Wilsox] has broached the
subject of a protective tariff, I desire to say
that being a friend to protection, for the pur-
pose of protecting our own country against the
importation of foreign goods to an excess over
and above our ability to pay for them, I think
it is necessary that we should give our atten-
tion to such a bill at the earliest possible
moment. I have been in favor of protecting
all classes of the industry of this country. I
believe that the interest represented by the
Senator from Michigan is one of the most im-
portant, and I believe that it is necessary to
pass the bill before us. But I must say that I
regret that we have not a tariff bill reported
here upon which we could act, and which we
could examine and adjust to the necessities of
the country, and thus prevent an excess of
importations. We are evidently importing a
very large amount of goods over and above
what the productions of our country enable us
to pay in exchange.
We are now exporting bonds and gold from
the country to an alarming extent to make up
the deficiency. During the past year we ex-
ported some $30,000,000 of gold over and
above our productions of gold from the mines
and ourimportationsofgold from foreign coun-
tries. How are we going to stop this excess
of importation unless we pass a bill that will
adjust the tariff in such a manner as to prevent
it? Suppose we do not import as large an
amount of goods; suppose our income from
importations is not so large, we certainly shall
not send as much gold out of the country. It
seems to me that this is one of the most im-
portant measures for our Finance Committee
to bring to the attention of the Senate at this
session. The bill that we have now before us,
which has been reported by the Finance Com-
mittee, is a very important one undoubtedly,
but there is lying back of it one still more im-
portant, and that is a bill to guard and protect
our interests as to the excessive importations.
It is true we are now raising a large amount
of cotton in the southern States which we are
exporting to help to pay the exchange. I was
in hopes that the large amount of cotton ex-
ported might prevent the exportation of goid,
but it appears only to have stimulated import-
ations of goods to an excessive extent. In
my opinion, tj^e only manner in which we can
prevent this is to add an additional duty to all
goods that are imported where they will beat-
it, for the protection, first, of our manufac-
tures, and then for revenue.
I am in favor of the bill of the Senator from
Michigan, and shall vote for it as a separate
measure. I voted against the amendments
that have been offered because they were par-
tial ; they only affected certain interests. The
copper interest, as I understand, is suffering
to a very great extent for the want of this pro-
jection. I am in favor of giving them that
aid and that protection at this time, and I am
also prepared at the earliest moment to give
my support to a measure that will guard and
protect our country from the excessive import-
ations of foreign goods and the excessive
exportation of gold from the country.
Mr. WHYTE. I desire now to renew the
proposition which I offered yesterday and tem-
porarily withdrew.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert at the end of the bill the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, however. That if any person, corporation,
company, or partnership engaged in the business of
smelting copper ores shall import any foreign car-
bonate copper ores into the United States, and shall,
on making such importation, file with the collector
ol the portinto which such foreign copper ores were
imported a bond with security, to be approved by
the collector of said port into which said ores are
imported, to use two tons of copper ore mined in the
United States to one ton ol said imported ores in
the smelting of copper, such person, corporation,
company, or partnership shall be entitled to a draw-
back upon the foreign copper ores so imported to the
extent of the duty paid thereon: Provided, The said
person, corporation, company, or partnership shall
furnish evidence under regulations to be established
by the Secretary of the Treasury that he, it, or they
have or has used the said cupper ores so imported,
and also copper ores mined in the United States in
its, his, or their business in the proportion of two
tons of copper ore mined in the United States to one
ton of imported copper ore.
Mr. VICKERS. Imovetoamend the amend-
ment by inserting after the word "thereon"
and before the woid "provided'' where it last
occurs in the amendment the words " less the
amount of five per cent, ad valorem,;" so that
that portion of the amendment will read :
Such person, corporation,company, or partnership
shall be entitled to a drawback upon the foreign cop-
per ores so imported to the extent of the duty paid
thereon, less the amount of five per cent, acl valorem.
Mr. WHYTE. I accept the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment is accepted. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment, as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was rejected.
Mr. WHYTE. I move to amend the bill by
adding to it the following proviso :
Andprovidedalio, That the increased duty imposed
by this act shall not apply to any of the articles
therein enumerated which shall have been in course
of transit to the United States before the passage of
this act.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to amend that by
inserting after " transit" the words "or bona
fide contracted for."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose it
has always been the practice to fix some future
time for the going into operation of a tariff bill
where it related to distant and foreign com-
merce. It is perfectly apparent that many of
the vessels that are engaged in this business
may be now on the way; may be loading;
orders may have been given. It is manifestly
proper that anything that is already on ship-
board should be provided for in the bill. Other-
wise parties may be taken at very great disad-
vantage.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the amendment
will not br made.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a great diversity
in the recent practice of the Government in
regard to fixing the time for the taking effect
of tariff acts. In the last two or three tariffs
no time was fixed, as the Senate will remem-
ber. This question has been a very trouble-
some one always in the Committee on Finance.
In some cases we have had a period of sixty
days. _ In the last two tariffs the bill took effect
from its passage. Sometimes cases of great
hardship have occurred, arid under the last
tariff act there was a question whether or not
the law took effect on the 2d of March or the
4th of March, which created a good deal of
Confusion. I think the later practice has been
to let the act take effect on the day of its pas-
