450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not say that; I said
about fifteen per cent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the for-
eign eODper ore is worth sixteen cents a pound,
and if the duty is to be three cents on each
pound of copper found in the ore, it manifestly
cannot be less than eighteen per cent. ; and if
it is bat fifteen cents a ponna, it is still more
than that. The duty which I proposed was at
least twelve per cent.
Mr. SHEBMAN. We have prices-current
here to show that manufactured copper is worth
sixteen or seventeen cents a pound in Eng-
land ; but here is the duty on copper ore, and
the only evidence we have of the value of cop-
per in the ore is the statement of Mr. Martin,
who is opposed to this bill, and he fixes it at
twenty-two and a half cents a pound. Now,
there is a distinction between copper in the
ore here in gold and the manufactured copper
in England. The rate on manufactured cop-
per is undoubtedly higher than fifteen per
cent.; but 011 the ore it is about fifteen or six-
teen per cent., and not so high as that, if we
can rely upon the estimate of Mr. Martin.
Before I made any statement on this subject I
went to the honorable Senatorfrom. Maryland,
[Mx-. Whttb,] who, as he tells us, was long
in the copper business, and I asked
him the value of the copper in the ore that
was brought here, and he told me, if I remem-
ber aright, that it was twenty-three cents a
pound.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I am very
glad to know at last upon what theory this bill
proceeds. We learn from the Senator from
Vermont, a member of the Committee on Pi-
nance, from whom it emanated, or who have
reported it back to the Senate, that it is a
charitable measure ; that it originated in a
pure spirit of humanity. It seems that there
is a class of people somewhere in the State of
Michigan who are in a starving condition, and
because they are in a starving condition the
Senator has been willing to acknowledge here
that he is content to destroy all the commerce
of this country that is used in connection with
this copper interest to increase the value of
every spike and nail, and the sheathing and
yellow metal with which vessels are covered,
to the extent of a very large per cent. I do
not know exactly what per cent. I suggest to
the Committee on Finance whether it would
not be a cheaper measure to organize a branch
of the Freedmen's Bureau aud send that up
into Michigan.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
permit me, I will say that we will consent that
the branch of the Freedmen's Bureau that is
in the State of Kentucky shall be sent to
Michigan. [Laughter.]
Mr. GRIMES. It is immaterial whence it
is taken ; but if that is the spirit in which this
bill originated and by which it is being carried
through, it seems to me it would be infinitely
better to organize a branch of the Freedmen's
Bureau to take charge of those famishing and
suffering people in Michigan than to increase,
as this bill proposes to do, the duty on every
article of household economy that is made of
copper to the extent of forty-five per cent.
With the approbation, I believe, of the Com-
mittee on Finance, the Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Anthony,] looking after the in-
terests of his region of country, has succeeded
in incorporating into the bill the following
provision:
On copper in rolled plates, called Ijrazier's copper,
sheets, rods, pipes, and copper bottoms, eyelets, and
all manufactures of copper, or of which copper shall
be a componen t part of chief value, not herein other-
wise provided for, forty-five percent, ad valorem,
Mr. ANTHONY. The duty is now thirty-
five per cent., so that is an increase of only ten
per cent.
Mr. GRIMES. That is all!
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator saidforty-five
per cent. It is only an increase of ten per cent.
Mr. GRIMES. But this ten per cent, comes
off every laboring man, artisan, and mechanic
in the country. It comes off every man who is
compelled to buy a cooking-stove. Instead of
taking, money out of the wealth of the country
for the purpose of feeding these famishing peo-
ple up in Michigan you make every man in my
State and in Illinois and Massachusetts and
Rhode Island poorer to just the extent that the
Senator has succeeded in inducing this body to
increase the per eent., that is, from thirty-five
to forty-five per cent.
The Senator from Vermont has dropped an-
other idea here in connection with the passage
of this bill. I do not know how far that may
influence any of the outside movements that
have been used to secure its passage; but I
believe he has intimated that there is a very
considerable influence emanating from the Cop-
per Stock Exchange in the city of Boston. I
think I have heard such an intimation before.
Of course that does not influence anybody here;
but it does, I have no doubt, exhibit itself
through the press, and in some indirect way it
may, perhaps, influence the minds of members
of Congress.
There is another question I should like to
have solved by the Senator from Michigan or
some of the gentlemen connected with the
Committee on Finance. I should like to know
how much copper there is on hand. They
protected us in my country two years ago by
passing a wool bill, putting a high duty on
wool, by which they succeeded iu lowering the
value of wool in my State from forty-five or
fifty-five cents down to no market at all; but
there were parties who were protected, and
those were the people who had large quantities
of wool on hand.
Mr. ANTHONY. How did they do that?
Mr. GRIMES. By prohibiting the importa-
tion of wool.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How did that cause the
price of your wool to fall ?
Mr. GRIMES. Because such articles as the
Senator wears cannot be manufactured without
being mixed with foreign wool. I did not
think, until I learned the contrary, that there
was a man of good sense in the world who did
not suppose that if you put a tariff on the pro-
duction of potatoes the result would be in two
years, or one year, that you would have five
bushels of potatoes where you had one before.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is not that good for the
people?
Mr. GRIMES. The effect of it would be
this: you would bring down the price of pota-
toes from fifty to ten cents a bushel. The
immediate effect of the tariff on wool was
precisely the same. Everybody in the whole
western country attempted to increase the pro-
duction of wool, and doubled his flocks or
increased his tlocks to the largest extent possi-
ble. But, while they were doing that, you put
a high duty on the imported wool which was
necessary to be used in order to manufacture
the very articles that each one of you wears
here to-day, and the result was there was not
any market for our wool. But there were
parties who were benefited by that law, and
those were the parties who had up to that time,
in anticipation of the passage of that law,
imported large quantities of foreign wool, which
they were able to sell, realizing the advance
which we put upon the tariff.
Mr. ANTHONY. Our wool did not rise a
cent.
Mr. GRIMES. It did not rise after the
passage of the law, but it rose before the pas-
sage of the law, and the Senator knows it if
he has examined the subject. It rose in antici-
pation of the law, just as copper has risen
to-day in anticipation of the passage of this bill.
The Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Febry]
will tell you, I presume, that the manufacturers
in his State who use copper in their manufac-
tures have refused to buy copper because it
has gone up, and to some considerable extent
have diminished their production of manufac-
tured copper articles because copper has gone
up to so high a pitch in anticipation of the
passage of this bill. It was just so with wool
before we passed the wool tariff.
Now, sir, I do not know anything about the
quantity of copperon hand ; but I am told there
is a vast quantity of it on hand—copper ore,
copper manufactured articles, copper bottoms,
brazier's articles, and so on ; and the passage
of this bill will put immense sums into the
pockets of the men owning it; and that, is the
advantage of passing tariff bills in" thi3 way.
Whenever you confine yourselves to one par-
ticular article, as for instance, wool to-day,
and the next year copper, and the next year
iron, and so on, with these articles that are in
such a terribly depressed condition that they
must have relief, a man can embark all his
capital in one particular article; bnt when
there is a general tariff bill, embracing- all the
articles that are ordinarily incorporated into a
tariff bill, he does not have, perhaps, quite as
certain a prospect of making money as he has
when he embarks his money in the import-
ation of one particular article. Of course,
the large importers of copper have not been
importuning anybody about Congress to pass
any such bill as this; but I am only attempt-
ing to show you who is going to be benefited
by it and where the relief is going. It is going
to exactly the same parties that it went to
when you passed your wool bill.
Mr. President, 1 need not indicate, I think,
that I shall vote against this bill and against
all other tariff bills that are not levied strictly
for revenue purposes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont.- I do not de-
sire now to go into a discussion of the tariff on
wool, but at the proper time I think I shall be
able to show my friend from Iowa that the wool
tariff did benefit the wool-grower, and that the
purchaser of woolens has not beeu injured, for
to-day I believe the fact to be that woolens are
as low as they were prior to the passage of that
tariff, and perhaps lower.
Mr. GRIMES. How is it as to wool ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I say that at
the proper time I shall be prepared to discuss
that subject from top to bottom.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, it has always
seemed to me that in protecting articles of
American industry everything to be protected
belonged to the same family. I object, as the
Senator from Iowa does, to this separate appor-
tionment of members of the same family. When
there are bounties and premiums to be distrib-
uted by authority of Congress to this tariff fam-
ily, it seems to me that the correct principle is
to consider the claims of every member of the
family at the same time, and to make a just
and equal apportionofent among them all, and
not to isolate the ease of wool or copper or
anything else. It seems to me that a proper
system and a proper comprehension of the
amount of protection that all the articles em-
braced in the tariff act should receive conld be
best considered altogether; and that is one
reason why I object to the consideration and
passage of the present bill.
But, sir, there are other objections. I un-
derstand that copper ore was protected three
fourths of one cent, a pound a few years since,
when the duty was first laid. What is the prop-
osition now? It is to make a single jump of
three hundred per cent. It seems to me that
the extent of the increase that is proposed on
copper ore is without precedent in the history
of our legislation. Under what state of facts
is it proposed to make such an enormous in-
crease upon the protection of copper ore ? The
honorable Senator from Maryland who first
addressed the Senate on this subject showed
that the increase of the production of copper
ore had been steady up to the present year.
If from less than fifty per cent, of its present
amount of product it has doubled itself in a
few years certainly this industry cannot need
agreat deal of protection. Now, I understand
that gentlemen concede that if there was a
proper amount of protection upon other articles
that are protected, and which articles are con-
sumed by the miners of copper ore, the copper
ore would have a sufficient protection.
Now, Mr. President, I think if the mass of
the American people agree 011 any one propo-
sition, it is that they are already taxed too
high, not only upon this article, but upon all
