1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
articles. They wish relief in the form of a
reduction generally of taxes, not only internal
taxes, but the taxes upon foreign imports. As
a general rule, they are greatly too high and
are burdensome to the people of the United
States, and they want relief from this burden
in the form of a reduction of taxes, both inter-
na! and the taxes upon imported goods. The
objection is not that there is enough of protec-
tion upon copper ore, but the objection is that
it is not proportionate to the excessive protec-
tion with which many other articles ^.re made
burdensome to the people. Then, lef^eujjtjr-
men adopt the plain, common sense, an^just
principle, not of increasing the duty upon an
article of industry that is already taxed too
high, but of establishing the equilibrium that
ought to prevail between it and other articles
by reducing the taxes on other articles that are
so much in excess of what in justice and sound
policy they should be.
Sir, 1 cannot understand why the article of
copper ore needs an additional protection at
this time of three hundred per cent, when its
production has increased steadily—not uni-
formly, but steadily—from the time it was first
protected. It could not have increased at all
if there is any justice in its present demand
for three hundred per cent, upon the amount of
protection it has had heretofore. I, therefore,
shall vote against this bill. I vote against it
also upon the general principle that I want no
increase of taxation in any form or upon any
article. I waut the oppressed people of the
United States, who are now groaning under an
unexampled weight of taxation, to be relieved
in every possible shape on every article and
at every possible time from this oppressive
taxation. I shall therefore vote in accordance
with what I believe to be the just and politic
principle of a general and universal reduction
ot' taxation, both internal and external, by
lefusing to vote for this bill.
Mr. WHYTE. I desire merely to ask the
Senate to do what it has done heretofore ; that
is, t,o fix some period of time when this act
shall take effect. There are certain amend-
ments already added to the bill which will carry
it back to the House of Representatives ; it
may be delajed there ; and therefore there is
an uncertainty as to the time when the act will
take effect, in order merely to do what has
been done before, as I called the attention of
the Senate to the act of 1801, which provided
"that from and after the 1st day of April, A.
D. 1801," the act should go into effect and (lie
duties under it he imposed, T now propose to
strike out the words ''passage of this act" m.
the third line of the bill, and to insert" 1st di?^
of April. A. D. 1809."
Mr. CHANDLER. An amendment already
adopted fixes the date on the 19th of this month.
I submit that the present amendment is not now
in order, fhe time having already been fixed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a different propo-
sition.
Mr. WHYTE. I do not understand the
adoption of the previous proposition made by
me to affect this at all. That has reference
simply to goods which are on ship-board, but
this amendment states the time when the act
itself shall go into operation.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the amendment
will not. be made.,
Mr. WHYTE called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—ayes 10, nays 32 ; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Davis, Dixon, Ferry, McCreery,
Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers, whym,
and Wilson—10.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cameron,
Chandler. Cole, Oorbett, Drake, Edmunds, Fessen-
den. Fowler, Freliuchuysen, Harlan, Harris, How-
ard. McDonald. Morgan. Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
(Wiorn. Patterson of Tennessee. Pomeroy, Pool,
Rice, Robertson, Boss, Sawyer. Sherman, Stewart,
Tli.iver, W.irn'i-, Wilier. and Williams—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bavard, Buekalew, Cattell,
Conkline. Conn ess. Oragin, Doolittlc, Grimes, Hcn-
cler^.vi, 11 endncks, llowe, Kellogg, Morrill ot Maine,
Morton, N orton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Katn-
sev, Salisbury, Spencer, Sprague, Tipton, vv aae,
Welch and 1 ates—24.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; and the amendments made as in
Committee oi the Whole were concurred in.
The amendmentswere ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President, as it is sup-
posed that the State of Minnesota to some
extent is interested in the subject of this bill,
and as I shall vote against it, 1 deem it due to
myself to state the reasons why I shall do so.
It would be to me personally a sufficient
objection that this subject is brought here
alone, disconnected with all other subjects
which may be properly and which ought to be
within the provisions of a general tariff bill.
I have given some attention to this matter,
and examined with some care the representa-
tions that have been made by parties who have
claimed to be interested in the bill; and I find
that substantially the representation made by
Mr. A. H. Sibley, who speaks or presumes to
speak for a large interest, is that because the
price of copper in the market in New York is
too low or so low that the mines of Lake Supe-
rior cannot profitably be worked, therefore a
tariff should be imposed upon imported cop-
pers, which will increase the price so that they
can profitably work their mines. Prom the
discussion of this question, too, I have learned
that that is really the substantial argument
made in favor of the passage of this bill. It
is that because the price of copper is low Con-
gress should interfere and raise it, and that
they should do this chiefly in the interest of
the Lake Superior mines, which it seems, from
the representation made, produce three fourths
of the copper consumed in the United States.
We are told that the estimated consumption
of refilled copper in the United States is twelve
thousand tons per annum. During the year
1807 there were produced—
From Lake Superior about 9,000 tons.
Fiom Tennessee about. 1,000 tons.
From California, Vermont, and other
points about 2,500 tons.
In view of the magnitude of the Lake Supe-
rior interest, as it is represented here, even with
the duty now imposed it seems to me that it
would be a very easy matter for that interest
to control the whole copper interest of the
couutry. 'This premium or this gratuity to
that copper interest is to be made, as has been
said by the Senator from Vermont, at the sac-
jafice of all the commerce in copper ores to the
injury of the ship-building interest, which con-
sumes so much of copper, and to the detriment
to the consumers and of the labor of the coun-
try, as was said by the Senator from Iowa, by
tlie increase of price in the articles they con-
sume.
1 cannot see, Mr. President, that the inter-
ests of the country require any such bill. I
should vote against it if I were permitted to
vote, hut I have paired with the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] who would vote for the
bill if present., and I should vote against it.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—
yeas 38, nays 11: as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conlding, Conness, Oorbett, Cragiu, Doo-
little, Drake, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Har-
ris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, McDonald, Morgan,
Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Patterson of Ten-
nessee, Pomeroy, Pool, lliee, Robertson, Itoss, Saw-
yer, Sherman, Spencei, Stewart. Thayer, Warner,
Wiilev, Williams, and Wilson—38.
NAi'S—Messrs. Davis, Dixon. Ferry, Fessenden,
Grimes,MeCreery, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Vickers, and Whyte—11. ,, ,, T11
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard. Buekalew, Cattell. Ed-
munds, Hendricks, Kellogft. Morrill of Maine, Mor-
ton, Norton, Patterson ot New Hampshire, ltamsey,
Saulsbury, Sprague, Tipton, Wade, Welch, and
Yates—17.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives. by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the resolution ot
the Senate to continue the joint Committee to
Revise and Fix the Pay of the Officers of the
two Houses of Congress, appointed at the first
session of the Fortieth Congress, and had
appointed Mr. F. E. Woodbbidgk of Vermont,
Mr. E. R. Eoklhy of Ohio, and Mr. II. Mc-
Cullough of Maryland, the committee on its
part.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 1201) amendatory of
an act entitled ''An act relating to habeas
corpus and regulating judicial proceedings in
certain cases."
unrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; and they were signed by the
President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 1201) amendatory of an
I act entitled "An act relating to habeas corpus
j and regulating judicial proceedings in certain
cases and
A bill (H. R. No. 1598) to relieve from dis-
ability R. W. Best and Samuel F. Phillips, of
North Carolina.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report from the Secretary of War
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of December 14, 1868, further
information iu relation to the late Indian bat-
tle on the Washita river ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating
an estimate of appropriations required for ful-
filling treaty stipulations with the northern
Cheyennes and northern Arapahoe Indians
under the treaty of May 18, 1808, for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1807 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and or-
dered to be printed.
OJIDElt OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up for the
purpose of bringing it up for discussion to-mor-
row Senate bill No. 250, relating to the Cen-
tral Branch Union Pacific railroad.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that will not be
done. 1 had the impression that most gentle-
men understood that the resolution on the
subject of the duty of the nation to pay its
debt in coin would be taken up in order that
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] and
myself might say what we desired to say upon
it, and that then, if it was the pleasure of the
Senate, it should be postponed or proceeded
with. I hope the Senator from Michigan will
permit that to be taken up.
Mr. HOWARD. I should be very glad to
accommodate my friend from Vermont and
also my friend from Kentucky, but really this
is a bill which was discussed at considerable
length in the Senate at the last session, and it
is one which ought to be acted upon, in my
judgment; and 1 hope the Senate will consent
to take it up now so that it may be left as the
unfinished business for to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
eroy in the chair.) The order of business is
entirely under the control of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to move an
amendment.
Mr. NYE. I ask gentlemen to give way that
I may make a motion for an executive session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe I have the floor.
I move to amend the motion of the Senator
from Michigan, as he will not withdraw it, by
substituting for the name of the bill that he
proposes to take up the words "Senate joint
resolution No. CO," so that it will be a propo-
sition to proceed to the consideration of that
instead of the other.
Mr. STEWART. If that is in order 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, It hi infor-
mal, but I do not know any rule against it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It lias been frequently
done.
Mr, STEWART. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting Senate resolution No.
