m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
8, the constitutional amendment extending
suffrage.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not think that is in
Order. There is no good sense in it.
Mr. HOWARD. It appears to me the
amendment is oat of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The general
rale of the Senate is that the first motion made
ia first put off. The Senator from Vermont,
insists that he can amend it. If so, that is still
amendable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no question
about it. I do not care in what form the Sen-
ate come at it. . If it is the pleasure of the Sen-
ate to declare that it will not consider or hear
anything upon the subject of this great ques-
tion that has agitated the two parties of the
country and agitates the country now, and
which, some people suppose, has something
to do with the public credit, then I shall have
nothing to say. But I have found it impossi-
ble to get the floor in season, because I am
somewhat dwarfish in stature, and did not
catch the eye of the Chair to make a motion
of that kind in the ordinary way. I feel justi-
fied, therefore, in order to have the Senate
decide in some form, whether they are willing
to hear or act on this question, iii proposing
this amendment, which, according to parlia-
mentary law, is strictly in order, as I believe,
and I have known it to be done in this body.
That is all I have to say now, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont seems to
me a novelty; but I will not lake a point of
order on his motion. All I have to say is, that
here is a bill which has been discussed at con-
siderable length at the preceding session of
Congress and left unfinished, and it ought to
be taken up and acted upon finally. It will
not probably lead to much debate, as'the discus-
sion has already been quite thorough, whereas
the subject-matter of the honorable Senator's
resolution from Vermont is in its nature a mere
abstraction, and if the discussion shall once
commence upon it there is 110 possibility of
telling where it will end, or when it will end.
I think we had better go to some practical
business in the first place, dispose of something
that is of practical importance. I do not say
that his measure is not of practical importance;
but I say we had better go on and finish some
of the matters which we have discussed already
before we take up new matter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly I must confess
that the central branch proposition is one of
practical importance to the Treasury, while I
believe most people imagine that the proposi-
tion to which 1 have had the honor to call the
attention of the Senate is also of practical
importance. That is not an abstraction unless
the promises of the Government are abstrac-
tions, because it proposes to pledge our faith
to a certain construction of the statute, and
most lawyers aud most statesmen have supposed
that when a great and civilized nation pledged
its faith to anything it stood by it; but if we
have reached that high state of civilization
which authorizes Senators to saythatthepledges
of the public faith are mere abstractions, as I
confess some people are beginning to believe
they are, let us say so.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will excuse
me for interrupting him, but I did not say that
the obligation of the public faith was an ab-
straction.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The honorable Senator
said that the resolution to which I referred was
a mere abstraction. That resolution declares
in unmistakable language that the faith of the
United States is solemnly pledged to pay a
particular debt in a particular way. Now, I
shall be glad to have the honorable Senator
d istjnguish, if he can, between the construction
that I have put upon his words and the truth.
The question, therefore, is, Mr. President,
whether the Senate are willing to give the pref-
erence to a radroad bill, a grant of money and
land, which it is true has been discussed here,
tat not discussed since a very large addition
has been made by the representatives of States
coming into this body, and which, therefore,
necessarily requires—unless it has been pre-
arranged—that there should be discussion in
order to develop to the judgments of Senators
who have not heard the previous discussion or
of those who may have forgotten it whether
they ought to go for this railroad grant or
against it.
Now, I do not propose to enter into the
question whether this grant ought to be made
or not; but 1 do say that a bill fastening the
payment of so large an amount upon the pub-
lic Treasury ought not to pass, as my friend
would say, unless it was prearranged; that it
ought not to be refused until every Senator
who has not been made familiar with the law
and with our duty, with the public faith upon
which the Senator from Michigan relies in re-
lation to this matter, shall become acquainted
with it. Therefore, Mr. President, I trust the
Senate, waiving this technical question as my
friend does, will decide whether they are will-
ing to hear anything said upon this question
of the public i'aith and the public debt or are
willing to act upon it, or whether they will set
it aside for the consideration of this local ques-
tion, which will take just as much time as the
other will.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. CONN-ESS. I ask the Senator's con-
sent to withdraw that motion that one may be
made for an executive session. There is upon
the desk a great amount of executive business
which the committees want. There are a num-
ber of postmasters' nominations which the Post
Office Committee want for consideration. It will
take but a short time ; and 1 hope the Senator
will withdraw his motion for that puipose.
Mr. GRIMES. I withdraw my motion.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 10, 18G9.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. J. C. Holjjkook, D. D., of Homer,
New York.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
TROOPS IN UNRECONSTRUCTED STATES??
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, on the 6th of
this month the House, on my motion, adopted
a resolution calling upon the Secretary of War
for information as to the number of enlisted
men now on duty in Texas, Mississippi, and
Virginia who were citizens or residents of the
late rebel States during the rebellion, and the
number who were soldiers of the late rebel
army. I have received from the War Depart-
ment a communication, which I think it my
duty to lay before the House in order to make
a motion.
The Clerk read the communication, as fol-
lows :
War Depiktmext,
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, Janum-y 16,18G9.
Sik: Referring to a resolution of the House of
Representatives, dated January 6, 18G9, calling for
information relative to the number of enlisted men
of the Army now on duty in Texa«, Mississippi, and
Virginia, who were citizens or residents of the late
rebel States during the rebellion, and the number
who were soldiers of the late rebel army, I am
directed by the Secretary of War to inform you that
the information called for in the resolution cannot
be obtained from any of the official records, and the
only way to get it is from the individual statement
of each soldier, which will cansnme much time and
require that each commander of a post m the States
named should be called upon to question the men
under his command, and report ihe result.
The Secretary desires to know if, under the circum-
stances, you desire to have the resolution answered
in terms.
I am, respectfully, your obedient, servant,
B. 1). TOWNSBND,
_ „ „ „ , Assistant Adjutant General,
Hon.U. E. Paixe, 31. 0.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I very much
regret that the information called for by that
resolution cannot be obtained. From the com-
munication just read it is manifest that the
resolution could not be answered during the
present Congress, so that the inquiry would be
fruitless. I therefore ask unanimous consent
of the House to relieve the War Department
of this duty by rescinding the resolution.
No objection being made, the resolution was
rescinded^
itEVENUE COMMISSION REPORT.
^MrVELA. The Committee on Printing have
diraKed me to report the following resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Print-
ing is authorized to report at any time.
Mr. MULLINS. There are other commit-
tees that desire to report whenever they can
be called. I insist upon the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair repeats that
the Committee on Printing is authorized to
report at any time.
Mr. ROBINSON. I wish to ask a parlia-
mentary question. I wish to know if it would
be a privileged question to offer a resolution
granting the use of this Hall to George Fran-
cis Train, who has made application to the
Speaker for that privilege? I would like to
offer the resolution now.
The SPEAKER. It would not. The House
has resolved that the Hall shall not be granted
except for specific purposes in which the
House itself participates.
The Clerk read the resolution reported by
the Committee on Printing, as follows:
Iiesoloed, That twenty thousand copies of the re-
port of the Special Commissioner of the Revenue,
with the appendices complete, be printed tor the use
of tho House, and ono thousand bound copies of the
samefor tho use of the Treasury Department.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask to be allowed to say
a word on that resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman how long he intends to discuss the
resolution ?
Mr. KELLEY. Half an hour. _.
Mr. ELA. I will first call the previous ques-
tion, and/then yield to the gentleman.
The p/evious question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr./ELA. I now yield thirty minutes to the
gentl/man from Pennsylvania.
JVLr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I hope the
resolution reported by the committee will not
h&adopted. 1 do not think the report ought to
r/eeive such an indorsement. I do not see how
ongress can consistently cast it broadcastover
the country. It is a report full of figures, which
are so ingeniously selected and marshaled that
one might suppose it had been prepared spe-
cially to show the pestilent character of that
most false and dangerous of all the aphorisms
embodied in the English language, namely,
that "figures cannot lie." They are so culled
and marshaled in this report as to lead to con-
clusions false, delusive, and damaging to our
country, and especially unjust to that Congress
which has carried the country through the great
struggle from which she has just emerged. I
do not mean to say that the figures embodied
in it are in themselves false; upon that point
I do not speak now ; but I do mean to say that
they are so detached from their correlatives as
to lead to conclusions utterly at variance with
notorious facts which are familiar to every gen-
tleman on this floor.
The gentleman who is announced several
times in the report as collecting the statistics
and making the calculations has, so far as I
know, done his duty fairly ; but the commis-
sioner who selected the material for this report,
and prepared and marshaled it, has not done
so with a view to letting Congress and the coun-
try establish conclusions from an impartial array
of facts, but to sustain a foregone conclusion and
advocate a favorite theory of his own, which is,
in my judgment, at variance with the true in-
terests of the country.
Let me, Mr. Speaker, demonstrate the truth
