228
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOJ3E.
[February 24,
Ho. of Reps.
Public Credit—Mr. Beatty.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
questions and interpretation of the laws, by J'rt"0
<>f which such obligations hare been contracted. I t m
hereby provided and declared that the taith of the
United States is solemnly pledged to the payment m
coin, or its equivalent, of all the interest-bearing ob-
ligations of the United States, except ini cases where
the law authorizing the issue of any such obligations
has expressly provided that thesame inay bepaiu m
lawful money or other currency than gold and silver:
Provided, however. That before any of said interest-
bearing obligations not already due shall mature or
be paid before maturity, the obligations not bearing
interest known as United States notes shall be made
convertible into coin at the option of the holder.
And the second section provides—
"That any contract hereafter made specifically
payable iu coin, and the consideration of which may
be a loan of coin, or sale of property, or the render-
ing of labor or service of any kind, the price oi which
is carried into the contract, may have been adjusted
on the basis of the coin value thereof at the time ot
such sale or of the rendering of such service or labor,
shall bo legal and valid, and may be enforced accord-
ing to its terms; and on the trial of a suit brought
for the enforcement of any sueh contract, prooi of
the real consideration may be given."
The first section, with the exception of the
proviso, I fully indorse. In the early part of
this session I presented to the House a joint
resolution, which was referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, embodying in sub-
stance the same as contained in the first section
preceding the proviso. This part of the sec-
tion, if adopted by Congress, will quiet all
doubt in regard to our national debt both at
home and abroad, showing to the world that
our Government intend to act in good faith
with its creditors, and that those who in our
country's peril parted with their money to save
the life of the nation shall be paid according
to the pledge and understanding at the time
they gave onr Government their money in ex-
change for its bonds.
The people of the United States at the late
presidential election decided by a large major-
ity that our Government bonds should be met
in good faith and with the kind of money that
it was pledged they should be paid in or its
equivalent, and by the passage of this section
only carries out the original understanding and
desire of the American people as expressed
in an emphatic manner at the recent presi-
dential election. I am aware that some doubt
the propriety of Congress thus pledging the
faith of the Government at this time in regard
to our obligations, but I see no good reason
why this exciting topic in regard to the national
indebtedness should not be met promptly and
decided, so that there shall be no more doubt
as to what coarse our Government intend tab
ing in regard to its obligations. . I therefore
trust that this section may pass ; but as to the
proviso, I object. It proposes to pay in coin
obligations not bearing interest in preference
to those that do. It is certainly a benefit to the
Government to pay off interest-bearing obliga
tions prior to those that do not and save that
much, and I think the committee ought to con-
sent to have this proviso stricken out.
This brings me to consider briefly the second
section of the bill, which I think ought also to be
stricken out, for if retained it may work great
hardships upon some unfortunate creditors by
allowing the shrewd money-lender to take ad-
vantage of their pecuniary situation. A debtor
that is hard up will not be able to borrow
money, let it be ever so much depreciated, with-
out giving obligations payable in gold, at least
dollar for dollar, besides the highest rate of
interest, and money now loaned out will be
called in to enable the lender to reinvest by
taking obligations payable in coin. But it
may be said that contracts to be enforced
must be based on coin value ; that is, the cred-
itor shall receive coin value for the obligation
that he gives for money borrowed. Admitting
for argument sake that to be so, I would ask
that iu case the shrewd money-lender would
so manage as to have no person but him and
the debtor present when the contract is made
and obligation signed, how could it be proven
that it was anything different than expressed
on the face of the obligation? For, according
to the rules of the common law, the party in-
jured could not be a witness in a suit where he
is a party except in the United States courts,
where we have a statute allowing either party
to be a witness, leaving the jury to judge of
the credibility, but it is not so in many of the
States. We have seen what great injustice has
been done unfortunate creditors by exacting
from them exemption notes and agreements
by which every vestige of property has been
taken from them and their families. It has been
said that some courts have held that gold con-
tracts can be enforced; then if they can be so en-
forced without any statute on the subject, what
is the necessity of this second section ? I have
no objection, Mr. Speaker, where a man bor-
rows coin or its equivalent, and agrees to pay
the same kind in return, throwing the burden
of proof upon him who undertakes to enforce
such contract. This section, however, is not
couched in such language as to sufficiently
guard the unwary against imposition.
Public Credit.
KEMARKS OP HON. JOHN BEATTY,
of ohio,
In the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1869,
On the bill (H. R. No. 1744) to strengthen the public
credit and relating to contracts for the payment
of coin.
Mr. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, the bill under
consideration is called an act to strengthen the
public credit. It might have been more appro-
priately termed an act to transfer money from
th« tax-payer to the pockets of the bondholder
and to place the debtor class of this country
under the heel of the money-lender. It is in
reality a proposition to add $600,000,000 to
the burden of our national debt, aud I for one
desire to record my solemn protest against it.
If the lawunder which $1,700,000,000 of our
indebtedness was created makes the five-twenty
bonds payable in coin, then there is clearly no
necessity for the first section of this bill, which
declares "that the faith of the United States
is solemnly pledged to their payment in coin
or its equivalent." If by the law these bonds
may be paid in greenbacks, then this bill is a
perversion of the original contractforthe bene-
fit of the bondholder and to the disadvantage
of the tax-payer. If, on the other hand, the law
is of doubtful construction, then the determin-
ation of the doubt should be left to the courts,
where the interests alike of the tax-payer and
the bondholder will be dispassionately con-
sidered and fairly and properly guarded.
Gentlemen talkin glowing termsabout main-
taining the faith of the nation, as if, forsooth,
the fulfillment of the law of the nation was not
a maintainance of the faith of the nation, and
as if the bondholder on the one hand and the
tax-payer on the other had not recourse alike to
the courts for the settlement of questions aris-
ing under the law. Six years after the contract
was made, with a full knowledge that honest
men deeply interested differ widely as to their
rights under the contract, this House proposes
in the closing hours of asession to decide hastily
against the weaker party and add one fourth to
a burden already almost insupportable. This
may be an effort to maintain the faith of the
nation and strengthen the public credit, but it
seems to me more like a proposition to destroy
our national credit and drive an honest people
unwillingly to repudiation. Had this act been
passed in 1862 or 1863, before the bonds were
sold, it might have strengthened the public credit
to some purpose by adding to the value of the
public securities and to the receiptsof the public
Treasury. If the intention was to pay in coin it
should have been so stated. You stipulated then
simply that the interest should be paid in gold,
leaving the purchaser to the inevitable conclu-
sion that the principal mightbepaid in the notes
you had made "a legal tender in the payment
of all debts, public and private, except duties
on imports and interest on the public debt."
You subsequently issued another bond stipu-
lating that both its principal and interest should
be paid in coin, thus virtually reiterating that
the principal of the five-twenties mightbepaid
in greenbacks. Now after you have sold the
last dollar of these bonds at an average of not
more than sixty cents, and while they may still
be bought in any European market for seventy-
five cents, you come forward witha proposition
to strengthen the public credit by running these
bonds up to a hundred centsj absurdly imagin-
ing that by increasing your own burden you
will in some way increase your ability to bear it.
The fact that one German in Frankfort buys
our bonds from us at sixty cents and resells
them to his neighbor at seventy is not a matter
over which I propose to grieve, and I have no
pride that would be gratified by adding fifty
per cent, to his profits out of my own income.
So long as he gets an exorbitant profit on
his investment he should be satisfied, and I
have no doubt is. The proposition to give
$200,000,000 to the capitalists of Europe for
their good opinion, aud $400,000,000 to the
bondholders of our. own country for theirs, is
monstrous, absurd, and iniquitous. The loyal
people of this country propose to pay the debt
according to the letter and spirit of existing
law, and will indignantly denounce this en-
deavor to put into the law at this late day a
new letter and a new spirit. It is claimed in
justification of this measure that it will enable
us to substitute four per cent, bonds for those
bearing six per cent. In my humble judgment
the passage of this bill will no more enhance
the value of a four per cent, bond to be issued
hereafter than an editorial or a stump speech.
The four per cent, bond cannot thus be made
better; it will in fact be made worse, for the
simple reason that by this foolish and unneces-
sary addition to the real burden of our debt
we diminish our ability to carry it success-
fully, and our attempt to buy ourselves into
credit with the capitalists of Europe will be
justly regarded by sensible men as the last
resort of a tottering house that endeavors to
bolster up its waning fortunes by an extrava-
gant display which adds to its liabilities with-
out increasing its assets. If we can so easily
and hastily put such a construction upon a con-
tract as will take millions from the pockets of
our tax-payers, it will be readily inferred that
we may with equal haste and ease so construe
another law as to defraud our creditors of twice
as much.
The second section of the bill legalizes coin
contracts. I object to it, because its effect will
be damaging to the currency of the people. It
will give to the greenback the character of a
discredited note, which must at every change
of owners submit to a discount. This will
embarrass trade in communities where the
greenback is the only currency known, by giv-
ing rise to interminable altercations as to the
precise value of the dishonored note, and by
lessening the confidence of the people in its
ultimate payment. If worth seventy cents at
the money centers, it will in the West be esti-
mated at such a " margin'' below as the pru-
dence or the avarice of the money dealer may
see fit to exact, to cover fluctuations, either
fancied or real, and cost of transportation.
Those who remember the endless embarrass-
ments which grew out of the uncurrent money
in circulation prior to the war can readily un-
derstand how sharpers may play upon the fears
or ignorance of those who have little knowl-
edge of money, except what they derive from
the fact that it passes unquestioned, and does
apparently, if not in reality, go currently atits
face value. A thousand dollars in gold in the
hands of the shrewd banker will be made the
basis of $1,000,000 of gold contracts, the bor-
rower loaning the coin, giving his gold note,
receiving the gold over the counter, and im-
