1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
1405
be permitted to retain their present seats in oaso
they may go desire.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I object to the
introduction of that resolution at this time.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes seventy-one, noes not
counted.
So the motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at one o'clock and ten minutes a. m. of
Saturday) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: Resolutions of a con-
vention of the Eepublican party of Georgia,
assembled at Atlanta, Georgia, upon the con-
dition of affairs in that State.
By Mr. BANKS: The petition of Rowland
Cromelien, praying that the right of way may
be granted him fox an air-line railway, to be
laid under his patent from Washington city to
Annapolis, Maryland.
Also, the memorial of William Wood, of
Waltham, Massachusetts, praying for compen-
sation for losses sustained in consequence of
false imprisonment by the Government of the
United States.
By Mr. BUCKLEY: A joint memorial of
the General Assembly of the State of Alabama
to the Congress of the United States, together
with a resolution instructing their Senators
and requesting their Representatives in Con-
gress to urge the passage of a law allowing
interest on $103,991 20 of the two and three
per cent, funds whieh accrued between 1820
and 1831, and was improperly withheld from
that State.
By Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts: The peti-
tion of Bourne S. Bartlett, of New Bedford,
Massachusetts, agent of the schooner Otis,
praying for an act of Congress to prevent illegal
taxation by States.
By Mr. MOORE: A petition of the Ship-
owners Association of New York, praying the
intervention of Congress to protect all engaged
in navigation from illegal exactions by State and
municipal corporations.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: A memorial from
citizens of Elizabeth, Alleghany county, Penn-
sylvania, praying that the Constitution be so
amended as to recognize Almighty God as the
source of all power.
By Mr. NICHOLSON : A petition of sun-
dry citizens of Milford, Delaware, for protec-
tive duties on imports.
By Mr. SELYE: A petition of citizens of
Barre, Orleans county, New York, praying for
such a change of the naturalization laws as
will more effectually prevent fraud and false
swearing.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of S. M.
Coon and 250 others, citizens of Ashland county,
Ohio, asking an amendment of the Constitu-
tion acknowledging God as the source of all
authority in civil governments.
By Mr. WOODWARD : A petition of 133
citizens of Susquehanna county, Pennsylvania,
for the amendment of the Constitution so as
to acknowledge the existence of God and our
Saviour, Christ.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 20, 1889.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, and by
unanimous consent, the reading of the Jour-
nal of yesterday was dispensed with.
credentials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the credentials of Hon. Eugene Casserly,
choscn by the Legislature of California a Sen-
ator from that State for the term commencing
March 4. 1809; which were read, and ordered
to be filed.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
resolution of the Lincoln Council of the Loyal.
League of America, of Richmond, Virginia,
remonstrating against the removal of the polit-
ical disabilities of John W. Wright and William
A. Charters; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
John E. McNair, praying the removal of
political disabilities imposed on him by acts
of Congress; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COLE. I present a petition, numer-
ously signed by women and men in California,
asking that in the next revision of the laws of
the District of Columbia women may be in-
vested with the right of franchise the same as
men, and I ask for it a very careful consider-
ation. I move its reference to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN presented a resolution ot
the Chamber of Commerce of the city of
New York, in relation to a suspension bridge
across the East river ; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. MORGAN. I also present a petition
from citizens of Mecklenburg county, Vir-
ginia, praying for the passage of a bill recently
passed by the House of Representatives pro-
viding for an election on the ratification of the
constitution made by the convention assem-
bled in the city of Richmond, Virginia, De-
cember 3, 1867; and they also solemnly pro-
test against the removal of disabilities from
any of the rebel applicants of thai county
until after an election has been held for the
ratification of the new constitution of Vir-
ginia. I move that this petition be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of
William B. Sanford, of Orange county, Vir-
ginia, and the petition of William H. Waller,
praying to be relieved from political disabili-
ties imposed by acts of Congress; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FOWLER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Lincoln county, Tennessee, praying
the removal of the disabilities imposed upon
R. Farquharson by acts of Congress; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RICE presented the petition of the
Cairo and Fulton Railroad Company, praying
an extension of the time for the building of
the first twenty miles of their roa.d for one
year; which was referred 10 the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad.
nott and company.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to take up House
bill No. 1969. It will not take a minute.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that bill will be
taken up. It is all right.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall get
through the morning business wi'.hont inter-
ruption. It will take but a few moraents.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Let us take this
up first; and then I am willing to give way for
morning business.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will take but a few
minutes to get through with the morning busi-
ness, and then the Senator can call up the
bill.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I hope the Sen-
ate will permit us to take up this bill now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
it; I do not know what it is; but I think we
ought to dispose of the morning business first.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will not inter-
fere with the morning business as soon as the
bill is taken up.
The motion was agreed to: and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1969) for the
relief of Nott & Co. It directs the Attorney
General to examine the claim of Nott & Co.,
American merchants trading and doing busi-
ness in China, against the Chinese Government
for losses of coin sustained in 1857 by the
capture and robbery of the vessel called the
Neva; and if in his opinion the claim ought
to be paid he is authorized and instructed to
order it to be paid, with the rate of interest
allowed on other claims from the time of such
loss, out of any funds received from the. Chinese
Government, under the treaty of 1858, for the
payment of losses sustained by American citi-
zens ; and the amount is to be paid to Nott &
Co., or the surviving copartner or copartners,
or any person duly authorized to be their agent
or attorney, from the fund now held by the
Secretary of State. The decision of the Attor-
ney General as to the right of the claimants
to be paid, as to the amount to be paid, and
as to the parties entitled to receive the same,
is to be final and conclusive.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and ]
kb ports of committees.
Mr. VAN WINKLJE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whoS was referred the peti-
tion of Mary A. Morris, praying an increase
of pension, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 596) granting
a pension to Mary A. Davis, widow of William
P. Davis, a private in the eighteenth regiment
of Indiana volunteers in the war of 1861, re-
ported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1928) granting
a pension to Lemuel Barthalow, reported itwith
an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1930) granting
a pension to Madge K. Guthrie and Robert B.
Guthrie, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of George A. Schreiner,
reported a bill (S. No. 964) increasing the pen-
sion of George A. Schreiner; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Elizabeth Mathys,
reported a bill (S. No. 965) for the relief of
Elizabeth Mathys; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
■ was referred the petition of Anna E. Proi,
reported a bill (S. No. 966) granting a pension
to Anna E. Frei; which was read and passed
i to a second reading. _ '
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred thefollowing bills, reported them
back without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 1321) granting a pension
to Mrs. Susan Carson ;
; A bill (H. R. No. 1434) granting a pension
to William M. Svmpson ;
; A bill (IT. R. No. 1586) granting a pension
; to Mrs. Naomi Adams ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1600) granting a pension
to Marv R. Brown ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1632) granting a pension
to Joseph M. Hudson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1903) granting a pension
to Charles Maines, of Tennessee;
A bill (H, R. No. 1917) granting a pension
to Charlotte Webster, widow of Timothy Web-
ster. deceased ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1918) to increase the pen-
sion of William H. Johnson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1919) granting back pen-
sion to Edmund W. Wandall, of Wilkesbarre,
Pennsylvania;
A bill (H. R. No. 1920) granting a pen-
sion to Katharine Dreyer, widow of Sylvester
Dreyer, deceased, late private of company H
of the tenth regiment of Minnesota volun-
A bill (H, R. No. 1921) granting a penaioa
to Catharine O. Conner's, widow of Timothy
Connerp, deceased, late private company C of
