230
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction-in Georgia—Mr. Young.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
that labor and its products fall in price, that
their taxes are increased while their ability to
pay them is diminished. The only persons to
be benefited by the passage of this bill are
bondholders, bankers, and brokers, while every
other man, woman, and child must suffer. I am
aware, sir, that the national banks are ably and
fully represented on this floor by over sixty
stockholders, directors, and presidents, and
that the money power is a terrible one to resist,
but I appeal from its despotic edicts to the peo-
ple. The interest of the people requires that
the national bank notes should be called in and
canceled, their places supplied with legal ten-
ders, and that the amount should be increased
sufficiently to payoff the $516,000,000 of five-
twenty bonds now redeemable. This action
would only require $200,000,000 more of cur-
rency than we now have, and we should then
have $100,000,000 less than-we had when the
insane and wicked policy of contraction was
inaugurated in the interest of bondholders and
national bankers. This would not only furnish
money for the transaction of business, but would
relievethepeoplefrom more than thirty millions
annually of taxes.
This policy would open a way out of our
difficulties, give relief to an overtaxed people,
encourage manufactures, give full and remun-
erative employment to labor, develop our
agricultural and mineral resources, enable a
desolated and impoverished South tocontribute
her share toward the payment of the public
debt. Give the people an absolute paper money
sufficient in volume to answer all the require-
ments of business, made a legal tender for all
payments, prohibit all banks of issue, let gold
and silver remain as now, commercial com-
modities, and your war debt can be paid.
When other bonds are redeemable pay them
in the same manner, or if preferred by the
holders give the'm other bonds at three per
cent, convertible at pleasure into lawful money.
Let the Government borrow all surplus money
at three per cent, and there never can be an
excessive issue of legal tenders. On the other
hand, pass this bill, make it irrevocable, if
you can, .that all the bonds of the Government
shall be paid in coin, and repudiation will be
a necessity and a blessing. Whenever Gov-
ernment becomes an oppressor instead of a
protector the time will have come for the
exercise of the divine right of revolution.
Reconstruction in Georgia.
REMAJIKS 01? HON, P. M. B YOUNG,
OF GEORGIA,
In the House or Representatives,
February 24, 18G9,
On the reconstruction of Georgia, proposed by the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. YOUNG. Mr. Speaker, I shall not
weary the patience of this House by any at-
tempt of mine to discuss the measure now
before us in the light of the Constitution, of
law, or of justice.
But, sir, we should not forget self-interest,
profit, gain, or any of the inducements or lures
of material advantage, even if we should de-
termine to disregard the august authority of
justice or law. _ If we cannot be a good and
noble people ; if we, in all matters of public
morality, declare for the expedient if it suits
us, let us at least secure the praise of being a
thrifty people, whose judgment in all matters
of more temporal concern is entitled to high
respect. This would be something. What
that something in the future would amount to
perhaps the conscience or casuistry of the
present day would not be able to decide.
But, Mr. Speaker, I can assure this House
that, if I am not a stranger to my own home
and its resources and utterly ignorant of the
temper and spirit of my people, then I can say
in all solemnity that a little more pressure of
such torment as this bill inflicts and its legion
of kindred measures have already inflicted will
result in the utter ruin of the South. Would
to God, sir, that the truth, the whole truth, as
regards my afflicted section could be seen and
felt here this hour. The effort to portray its
true condition I will not be guilty of the pre-
sumption to make." The tongue of an angel
could not do it; and if by some miracle an •
adequate description of the suffering of my peo-
ple could be given it would overwhelm you.
I see around me to-day stern and unrelenting
faces, men with uplifted hands, ready for an-
other stab at the heart of my poor country,
which this narrative would soften.
But it is useless to hope for the truth. A
theory must be sustained at all hazards. A
party erected on sectional enmity must not be
allowed to die at the hands of fraternal unity
and love, and in our politics it has come to be
regarded as a vital principle that a sectional
war must be waged by one portion of our
country against another. Indeed, this startling
assumption has been formally made in a pub-
lic speech by one of the foremost leaders of our
political world.
Is this exaggerated language ? Let him who
says so read the very first section of the bill
now before us. By that section all enactments
and proceedings of the last Legislature of Geor-
gia are declared to be inoperative, void, and
of none effect. What is there throughout the
whole scope of this bill to soften the terrible
effect upon more than a million of Americans
of such savage legislation ? If the "enactments
and proceedings" of the last Legislature of my
State are " void " of course they must also be of
"none effect,1' and the franchise already vested
must be withdrawn, the prison must give up its
criminals, the gibbet its felon, and for a space,
let it be long or short, society must be in a
state of chaos.
Mr. Speaker, there can be no paraphrase
for such a state of society as is here threatened.
The bare recital of this section setsforth all that
can be conveyed, and shows that this measure
is charged and surcharged with superlative
wretchedness. What excuse will gentlemen
give for all this fresh violence and this fero-
cious prosecution of a helpless and downtrod-
den people? In what one solitary case has
Georgia offended and merited such interven-
tion as this? Was it in the vote she gave for
Seymour and Blair? These men are "bone
of your bone and flesh of your flesh," and if
we can trust them you might. Or was it not
rather in the expulsion of colored men from
her Legislature that gentlemen seek for an
excuse to afflict with renewed humiliation a
Stale whose bitter cup of trial is already over-
flowing? Ah, sir, here is the rub ! '
But what will gentlemen on the Ilepublican
side of the House have to say when they are
told, and told truthfully, that they themselves
by the act of some of their own number, are
responsible for this expulsion. The father of
the doctrine that negroes could not hold office
under the last constitution of Georgia was no
less a man than ex-Governor Joseph E. Brown.
The Governor laid down the doctrine that, by
the constitution of the State and the laws con-
sistent therewith, the negro was not eligible to
hold office. Then, who indorsed and gave
practical effect to this Radical doctrine? A
Legislature notoriously packed in the interests
of the majority in this House were the perpe-
trators of this heinous offense against liberty
and human rights, for which a whole State, an
empire within itself, is to be summarily pun-
ished.
But, Mr. Speaker, I pause a moment in these
allusions to facts affecting the question now be-
fore us which occur at home, and turn my face
northward. Gentlemen of the North, defend-
ers of the faith, exponents of Republican lib-
erty, Representatives of American social and
moral progress, are you guiltless? How are
you to face the public opinion of this world and
this age after such an issue as you are here
forcing upon us of the South with the bayonet at
our throats?
In Massachusetts, while it may be law for the
negro to sit in your Legislature, it can hardly
be said to be a fact. I have never heard that
more than two colored men, mulattoes at that,
were ever so promoted ; but how is it in any
other State controlled by freemen of America?
What says Connecticut with her opposing voice
of six thousand ? What do we hear from Ohio
with her fifty thousand dissenters; from Michi-
gan, from everywhere but the slave States yet
of the South, now doubly enslaved tinder this
new dispensation, which spends it mighty ener-
gies day and night in guarantying a republican
form of government?
The day is coming, it is now dawning, when
the unsparing verdict of heaven and earth will
demand from you what excuse you may have
to give for placing on the backs of others loads
that crushed them to the dust, while you would
not lift even with your little fingers. How
much more magnanimous it would be for the
majority here, claiming to be the Government,
if it would explicitly declare its ultimatum !
Why all this circumlocution and softening
phrase ? Why not at once speak out and say
that the law of might is the true American
Constitution and that if the South will not
bend she shall break? For this is what you
mean.
Your precedents you will not be suffered to
recall when your need so to do will be sore in-
deed. The usurper or agrarian who is now watch-
ing you in eager silence delights to hear you talk
so convincingly of the "law of necessity," of the
'1 life of the nation," of the '' powers and rights
of the majority,'' andlast, but how far from least,
of the "right of the conqueror." Presently
there is coming a pressing necessity for your
rights, your peace, your substance, your self-
respect, to give way before the opposing might
of some other man; when, shrinking from a
sense of secret sin, you will be speechless in
the presence of your oppressor. You are teach-
ing the coming man or the gathering mob what
utter cobwebs clever men and sharp men may
make of law and conscience; how to hush the
voice of mercy, and how to look upon the ruin
of a brother with philosophy and satisfaction.
Alas! there is no state of wretchedness on this
sad earth from which some comfort may not
be gathered.
Mr. Speaker, I pass on with a bare reference
to the second section of the bill before us. That
section provides that the present acting Gov-
ernor of Georgia—
Is empowered and authorized to suspend or re-
move from office any eivll officer, either executive,
administrative, or judicial, claiming to hold or exer-
cise the duties of any office under any authority
derived from orgranted heretofore by thoprovisional
government of the State of Georgia, or any portion
of the peoule thereof; and to appoint such other
officers in their stead who are authorized to perform
the duties and invested with the powers of such offi-
cers so removed, and to fill all vacancies otherwise
occurring in said offices.
The power thus delegated by this bill to a sin-
gle individual amounts to a monstrous tyranny,
and is a scandal to a people professing to be
republican. It would be an outrage on human
nature unless this individual had been nomi-
nated by a voice from heaven and divinely
appointed head of a theocracy. Were Mr.
Bullock a prophet or inspired priest; had he
lived a life absolutely without sin to this last
hour of hi? existence; had he the self-com-
mand and purity of Washington, the wisdom
of Solomon, and the public integrity of Aris-
tides, it would even then be a crying shame it
this land to exalt such a human being by the
grant of such fearful powers.
May I ask, Mr. Speaker, what safeguards do
we have in this bill against the appointment to
any or every office in the State of the most
truculent and ignorant negroes to be found in
or out of Georgia?
