1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
40th Cong....2d
Public Credit—Mr. C'oburn and Mr. Boy den.
Ho. of Reps.
But, sir, 1 weary of the subject, and in com-
plete hopelessness make this last appeal to the
honor and patriotism of Congress. If I had
the faintest hope of a candid hearing I would
plead with the honorable member from Massa-
chusetts, who presses this bill, to call for a fair
commission, with the fullest powers, who upon
the soil of my State should investigate for
themselves and the whole country the charges,
whatever they maybe, calling for these extreme
and cruel measures. I here declare upon my
honor and in my place that I believe them to
be uncalled for and the suggestions of private
and party interests or revenge. The day has
not yet come to write the chapter of our wrongs
and our endurance of them. The honor of
our achievements has been nothing in com-
parison with the sublime courage and resolu-
tion under afflictions and wrongs; and this day
the universal wish of our people is to live in
peace with all men. and asking favor of none
but the poor privilege of being let alone to
work out our fortunes as we may be able. We
are willing to accept the terms, and under
them to live if we can or die if we mast.
But, sir, one thing we have a right to ask;
nay, the voice of human nature makes the de-
mand of you in our behalf. We demand to
know your ultimatum. This just expectation
has to this very hour been denied us, and we
have for three weary years been steadily meet-
ing the harshest and most unsparing treatment
with concession after concession, and to-day
we seem to be as far from a solution of our
troubles as ever, and the country as much
vexed with the great problem, " what shall be
done with the South? "
Mr. Speaker, I do not care to pass to the
milder forms of wrong and injury to my State
which are embodied in the remainder of the
bill before you. We hail with satisfaction the
branch of the alternative which in a certain
contingency might place us in the power of]
the chief now in command of our military dis-
trict. A thousand times sooner let us fall
into the hands of a gentleman of honor whose
fame miTst be dear to him than into the fangs
of a human monster like him of Tennessee or
Arkansas.
One word more, Mr. Speaker, and I have
done. Will gentlemen on the other side of
the House not reflect a moment upon the effect
for good or evil which our action is to produce
upon the material interests of our common
country. Our industry throughout the South
is sadly discouraged. The shortness of crops
in the "two first years after the war and that
cruel, merciless tax on cotton have ruined thou-
sands of my people.
Oouldyou letusalone, in five years of ordinary
good fortune the crop of Georgia would reach
more than half a million of bales. But we
hardly have the hopeful energy necessary to
drop a seed into the ground under all our
aggravated discouragements. _ .
Will you lose even in a party view by the
wisdom of moderation and justice? Why, sir, 1
you cannot disguise the fact that even now the
Radical party is split in twain on the rock of
finance, and I must admit as much for my own
party. Upon a protective tariff the parties
are not much more united; and could your
politics cease to be predicated on sectional
issues and animosities we would in averysshort.
time find the mass of our people, North_ and
South, divided no longer by sectional lines,
but upon general issues, a3 of yore. Now, I
can see no possible issue excepting always the
one alluded to, which would leave the South a
unit.
Then, sir, why cannot the majority here de-
clare in heart and soul a general peace, and if
you choose to call it so a general amnesty?
What earthly good can result to the fortunes of
white or black from continual exacerbations
and this eternal calling for inquisitorial and
punitive legislation?
Public Credit.
REMAKES OF HON. JOHN COBURN,
op indiana,
In the House op Representatives,
February 24, 1869,
On the bill (H. R. No. 1744) to strengthen the public
credit, and relating to contracts for the payment
of coin.
Mr. COBURN. The bill before the House
in its title seems to admit the fact that our na-
tional credit is bad and needs strengthening.
This I am not willing to admit. Our credit
is good and growing better every day. We
have paid $802,000,000 of our war debt and
$438,000,000 of interest. We have the ability
to pay all we owe, and need only time to husband
our resources. Who doubts or dare question
our ability to pay every cent honestly? The
interest on our public debt is promptly paid as
it falls due, and there is no reason to doubt
that our bonds will be paid as they fall due, or
will be renewed if that is desired. No meas-
ures to strengthen our national credit are
needed just now except those coming out of
an economical management of "our affairs and
an equitable adjustment of our paper currency.
To pass a law declaratory of our honesty and
ability is not worth the paper on which it is
printed, is empty and idle. Mere assertions
of integrity and pecuniary ability are con-
temptible.
The law providing for the issue of the five-
twenty bonds and the law providing for the
issue of greenbacks should be construed to-
gether. It will not do to look alone at the law
authorizing the issue of these bonds, and shut
our eyes to the law which provides that green-
backs shall be a legal tender for all debts pub-
lic and private within the United States, except
for duties on imports and interest on the public
debt. And although the law providing for the
issue of these bonds may be silent as to their
payment in legal-tender currency, yet the pro-
visions for that currency are in force and be-
come part of the contract and cannot be sepa-
rated from it. I hold the position to be clear
that unless the law providing for the bond and
the language of the bond calls for gold or coin
that it is payable in legal-tender currency. It
would be a strange inconsistency to say that the
phrase "debts, public and private,'' did not
cover bonds of the Government. These bonds
are bonds of the "public ;" these bonds are
evidences of "debt." This is all there is of
it. In fact these bonds brought us very much
less than their present value in legal-tender
currency. No one can complain of a loss if
they are paid off in such currency. The holder
might lament the loss of a speculation, only
this and nothing more. Our business is not just
now with speculators. The credit of the Gov-
ernment is not in them or of them.
Our five-twenty bonds being payable as to
principal in legal tenders, with six per cent,
interest in gold, may readily be funded at a
lower rate of interest, for our creditors, espe-
cially in foreign countries, prefer a long bond
with a low rate of interest, principal and interest
payable in gold. The possibility ofthe payment
of the bonds in legal tenders will facilitate the
exchange, and our debt be thus funded at a
rate of interest somewhat near that paid by the
other great nations of the world, while the
project of returning to specie payment before
funding the debt, if such a thing were possible,
effectually destroys the possibility of accom-
plishing that end. The return to specie pay-
ment and a funding measure just now are an-
tipodes. The funding measure should come
first; the bulk of the debt should be disposed
of at a low rate of interest, and put out of the
question for a long period, and then the en-
hancement of the legal tenders will be a light
It is the unsettled condition of the vast
bonded debt that keeps legal tenders below
par. Settle that matter and they will come up.
The second section of this bill provides for
gold contracts. This will enhance the price
of gold, will enormously increase the demand,
will fill Wall street with buyers on private con-
tracts from all parts of the land, and, added to
the already exhaustive demand for duties on
imports and interest on the public debt, will
inevitably increase its price. This measure is
in direct and flagrant opposition to a return
to all measures of specie payment, will be
oppressive, will create fluctuations in our cur-
rency, which is and must be paper for some time
to come, will put paper under ban till gold gets
beyond reach, and then will come a collapse
in business, followed by bankruptcy and ruin.
Gold is too scarce for such an experiment; we
can hardly get enough for our interest, much
less double that amount yearly on private con-
tracts. We should wait and work some time
before we attempt such a measure. The pro-
duction of our mines, the balances of trade,
economy, and good management will bring us
to it, but the passage of a law will be as empty
and idle as the wind to effect good, get up con-
fidence, or create gold where there is none.
This bill begins with an imputation on the
public credit, and I fear ends with a scheme
which will effectually destroy it.
Public Credit.
REMARKS OF HON. N. BOYDEN,
of north carolina,
In the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1869,
On the bill (H. R. No. 1744) to strengthen the public
credit and relating to contracts for the payment
of coin.
Mr. BOYDEN. Mr. Speaker, lam decidedly
in favor of both sections of the bill, and I trust
that the bill will be passed by an overwhelm-
ing majority. As to the first section, it merely
declares, what every statesman and constitu-
tional lawyer must know, the United States are
bound by every principle of law and fair deal-
ing to do. Nothing can be clearer to any legal
mind than that a promise of the Government to
pay a certain number of dollars, ex m termini,
means a payment in coin, the currency of the
world. What can be more absurd than the prop-
osition that when the Government ofthe United
States has promised to pay ten years from date
the sum of 81,000, with six per cent, interest
to be paid semi-annually, and when the bond
falls due the United States has a right to say to
the creditor when he demands it, "1 will not pay
the debt, but I will do this: I will give the note
or bond of the Government without interest
payable at no particular time." Let me illus-
trate : A borrows of his neighbor B $1,000,
payable at the end of ten years, with six per
cent, interest payable semi-annually. The ten
years having expired B calls upon A for his
$1,000,and Arep'iies, " I have not the money to
pay the debt, but I tell you what I will do: I
will give my note or bond without interest and
payable at no particular time orplace." What
do'you tlimk B would say to A, his neighbor?
Would he not order him out of his house and
denounce him as an unprincipled scoundrel?
And is there an honest man in the country
who would not approve of the conduct of B, and
who would not himself feel indignant should
such a proposition be made to him ? And y.et
gentlemen would put this great Government of
the United States in this most disgraceful posi-
tion and ruin and destroy its credit and good
faith. I can have no patience with men who
can maintain such absurd positions.
As to the second section, I desire the pas-
sage of this section notwithstanding the opin-
ion of the Supreme Court recently delivered.
I maintain, Mr. Speaker, that there is no power
