1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
are to pay one dollar, and they are not to kill
to exceed one hundred thousand. It will put
into the Treasury about one hundred thousand
dollars a year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be a good bill;
but the Senator cannot expect to make it a law
at this session. It is hardly worth while to call
up such bills and interfere with House bills
which can be passed. I have a bill of that sort
which 1 desire to take up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill indicated by the
Senator from Oregon. It requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I feel bound to object
to taking up that bill, because there was a bill
before the Senate yesterday morning which I
think ought to be proceeded with and disposed
of now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe I have the
floor. The Senator from Oregon withdrew his
motion, and I wish to take tip a bill that will
give rise to no contest.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the case every
morning.
_ Mr. CHANDLER. I have about twenty
bills that will lead to no contest.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was fortunate enough
to get the floor, and I hope Senators will con-
sent to allow me to take up the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Maine
must recollect that I was on the floor and ob-
jected to this matter before he rose.
Mr. CORBET'!1. I have not given way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is aware of that, but in the morning hour an
objection carries any bill over.
Mr. CORBE i'T. Then, as I have the floor,
I wish to call up Senate bill No. 882.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. An objec-
tion being made, the bill goes over in the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. CORBETT. This is not the same bill.
I ask the Senate to take up another bill, Sen-
ate bill No. 882.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. But the
Senator from Maine had previously interposed
a motion to take up another bill.
Mr. CORBET']'. But I had not given way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator
did give way to allow me to take up this bill
at the requestof the Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. CORBETT. But there were objections
urged to taking up the bill of the Senator from
Maine, as I understood.
Mr. FESSENDEN. None at all; no ob-
jection was made to it.
Mr. CORBETT. I only gave way to the
Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was no objection
to my bill except that the Senator from Illi-
nois claimed the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill of
the Senator from Oregon was objected to by
the Senator from Illinois, and then the Senator
from Maine asked that another bill might be
taken up ; and, if there be no objection to that
bill, it will be read by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Maine
is laboring under a misapprehension.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This bill will not take
two minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ I had the floor, and was
trying to get up the bill to reorganize the judi-
cial system of the United States, which we had
up yesterday. He then rose and tried to get
up his bill. I cannot give way for that pur-
pose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from
Oregon had not the floor at that time, because
he had given way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senate is determ-
ined to consider none of these public bills I I
shall have at least discharged my duty. 1
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is a public bill, j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen- ;
ator from Maine asks the unanimous consent |
of the Senate to teke up House bill No. 1906, I
to establish the collection district of Aroos-
took, in the State of Maine, and to more accu-
rately define the boundaries of the district of
Is there any objection
I object, long enough
Objection
Newark, Ndw Jersey.
to taking up the bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL.
to make a statement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.
being made it goes over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was upon the floor,
and trying to get up another bill, and how
it is that the Senator from Maine has got this
motion before the Senate I cannot conceive.
The Senator from Oregon moved to take up a
bill relating to fur-bearing animals. I objected
to going on with that bill, because it would con-
sume the morning hour, and with a view to
proceeding with the bill to regulate the judi-
cial system. Now, how the Senator from
Maine in the mean time can get his bill up,
I do not know.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will explain to the
Senator how I succeeded in doing it. He
simply objected to the bill of the Senator from
Oregon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But I objected for this
purpose.
Mr._ FESSENDEN. Very well; that did
not give the Senator the floor. Then I ap-
pealed to the Senator from Oregon to give
way, and he did, and I was recognized by the
Chair. That is the way I got the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
being objected to, of course must go over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to take up the
bill in relation to the judicial system, and I
wish to say 
Mr. FESSENDEN. We cannot take up
two bills together, and I have the floor, and I
hope my friend will not object to this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not going to enter
into these squabbles with Senators in regard
to business here. I have occupied but very
little of the time of the Senate during the pres-
ent session; but it is exceedingly unpleasant to
have these controversies every morning about
business. I do not propose myself to indulge
in them. If the Senate is determined that no
business shall be considered except it is by a
persistent calling out of "Mr. President" and
forcing out of sight public business that comes
from its committees, the responsibility will be
upon them. I have sought, time and again,
to have some bills of public importance con-
sidered. I have no more interest in them than
the Senator from Oregon or the Senator from
Maine. I shall consider that I have discharged
my duty, and shall make no effort to get them
up when a majority of the Senate decide that
they will not consider them. Two or three
private bills have been passed this morning.
Yesterday morning a bill was passed to allow
somebody to accept a present. Now, if the
public business cannot be considered in this
body and is to give way to bills of that charac-
ter, so be it. The bill now proposed to be
taken up is a bill to establish some particular
point as a collection district—a proper bill,
very probably, but I do not think it of the
importance of a bill proposing to establish cir-
cuit courts throughout this country.
The PRESIDBNTpro tempore. The Chair
does not suppose that debate can arise on
these motions, as any Senator can prevent the
passage of a bill in the morning hour by an
objection. The Senator from Illinois has
objected to this bill, and now he moves to take
up the bill to which he has referred.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have a
vote upon it, and if the Senate votes not to
consider the bill, very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Docs the Senator
object to the bill I wish to call up ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not if the Senate
will agree to take it up, bat how are we ever to
consider any public businesson this principle?
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is public busi-
ness.
BOUNDARIES OF COLLECTION DISTRICTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine asks the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider the bill mentioned
by him. Is there any objection?
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1906) to establish the
collection district of Aroostook, in the State
of Maine, and to more accurately define the
•boundaries of the district of Newark, New-
Jersey.
The bill provides that that portion of -the
State of Maine now included within the limits
of the county of Aroostook shall be a customs
collection district, to be called the district of
Aroostook, of which Houlton, in that county,
shall be the only port of entry. A collector of
customs is to be appointed for the district, who
shall reside attheportof entry, and be entitled
to the same compensation that is allowed to
other collectors of customs on the northern,
northeastern, and northwestern frontiers of the
United States by the second section of the act
approved June 17, 1864; but his aggregate
maximum compensation is not to exceed
$1,500. The bill further provides that the dis-
trict of Newark, in the State of New Jersey,
shall be extended so as to embrace all the
waters and shores of Newark bay and the rivers
and bays tributary thereto, the northern shore
of the strait orpassage known asKillVan Kail,
and^all that part of the western shore of the
strait or passage known as Staten Island sound,
or Arthur Kill, which lies north of the northern
boundary line of the town of Rahway.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move that the
Senate proceed with the consideration of Sen-
ate bill No. 784, to amend the judicial system
of the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill at this
time. Does any Senator object?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to object;
but I wish to appeal to my friend from Illinois
to let the bill go over till Monday, not that I
shall object to considering it, but because I
commenced some observations upon it yester-
day, and I do not feel in a physical condition
this morning to go on, as I am just able to be
here ; and I hope my friend will let it go over.
I will help him to get it up at any time after
to-day and endeavor to keep it up until it is
disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yv'e are within some ten
or twelve days of the end of the session. This
bill ought to go to the House of Representa-
tives, and I have had some consultation with
members of the Judiciary Committee of that
body as to its passage. The statement made
by the Senator from Vermont is such a one as
I, as an individual, should give way to at once.
He states that he is unable to go on; but it is
a very great responsibility, it seems to me, to
put over this bill, and I ask my friend from
Vermont, as it is a bill that is well understood
and simple, if he feels that it is right to allow
this bill to go over under the circumstances.
On Monday he must know that the financial
business will come up. I have struggled time
and again to get up this bill, and I appeal to
him not to make an objection to its considera-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection made to taking up the bill at this
time ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not object in the
sense of undertaking to stop it. I only make
an appeal to my friend and to the Senate, inas-
much as this is abillof great consequence. It
proposes the erection of a system which, by
the Constitution, when erected cannot be laid
aside again. I do not object in a technical
sense; 1 only appeal to my friend and the
Senate not to force it this morning.
Mr. CAMERON. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill goes over.
SHIP AGRA.
Mr. CORBETT. I now ask the Senata to
