m
TB© COMG&ISSICaiAL &L0B3BL
January 19*
,, I am thankful to- the Commissioner for fur-
nishing thisevidence. - As I have said, it is but
confirmatory of such as is already before the
Houfce and the country ; but coming as it does
from the offiee especially charged with inquir-
ing into this business, and whose duty it is to
report the facts to Congress and the country, it
is entitled to great weight, and shows th<i.t the
measure h.Sw pending before this Congress is
of jiaramo'untimportance, as the Commissioiser
sufs, in this regard.
(Here the hammer fell,]
Mr. ELA-. I now yield five minutes to the
gentletiiafafrOM Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I had not
intended, Mr. Speaker, to take part in this de-
bate furtherthan to say a word or two as to the
printing of this report. While there are some
of-tke conclusions of the Commissioner to which
I do not agree, yet the fairness, the correct-
ness, and the reliability of his statistics are, I
think, such as tocommand attention ; and they
shonld be sent to the country and given espe-
cially to this House. Many different deduc-
tions will be made from those statistics; but
tire value of thereportis not in the deductions,
but in the1figures;- and I hope that this docu-
ment w511 be printed; that there will be no hesi-
tation upon the question.
Saying this much, I should have stopped
were it not for the remarks of the gentleman
frorta Rhode Island, [Mr. Jenckes.] While!
accord' to him the utmost good faith in the ad-
vocacy of what is known as the civil service
bill, yet I cannot believe that measure to be a
panacea for all evils to the extent claimed.
What does it provide? That the clerical force
of the various Departments of the Government
shall be subjected to an examination in Greek,
Latin, algebra, &c., before a commission, be-
cause the bill does not propose to touch any-
body. as it cannot under the Constitution, whose
appointment is within the confirmation of the
Senate. Now, I have not heard that the cler-
ical business of this Government is corruptly
or improperly done. I do notthink the respons-
ibility for the deficiencies in the collection of
the revenue rests with the clerks, nor with the
tide-waiters, nor with the watchmen, nor with
any of the men in subordinate positions who
are to be subjected to the examination provided
for in the bill. I think the trouble is with the
higher officials, who are not touched by the bill
of the gentleman from Rhode Island. Not to
use words of characterization, my own expe-
rience in the Army has taught me that mere
examination in the school branches or an ex-
amination given by a commission is not the
test of merit for officers in the Army. The
officers sent by examining boards into the field
were not one half so good as the men who were
selected from the ranks, whom we had seen
under fire, and whose qualifications we kaew ;
officers that failed before an examining board
were worthy of a brigadier general's stars, and
officers who had successfully passed an exam-
ining board proved unfit for even a lieutenant's
commission, although he came to us indorsed
by the boards for the commission of a colonel.
Sir, what is this bill, when we come to bring
it down to its exact action? It is to settle a
rule in this country for the first time by which
all subordinate officers shall be life officers.
And in the selection of such officers we are to
settle qualifications in a manner by which the
deserving volunteer soldiers who have been
fighting for their country for four years are to
be passed by because, losing the time which
they otherwise would have improved at school,
they cannot pass examination, but must give
place to the boy who stayed at home and went
to school or college while they were fighting.
Never will I vote to let that thing be done.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELA. I yield three minutes to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I will ask how many
copies the resolution proposes to print?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
resolution.
The resolution was read.- • . -
Mr. MOORHEAD. i see it proposes to
print twenty thousand. • I would inquire what
is the usual number?
Mr. ELA. This is the usual number.
■ Mr. MOORHEAD. If this is the usual
number I shall not oppose it, but I certainly
would oppose the printing of an additional
number. I think the report should be treated
feirly. I think there are some statistics in this
report which are valuable, and I have some
interest in its being printed to a limited extent.
That interest arises from a-remarkl made last
summer in discussing the tariff bill, about the
Special Commissioner. It was drawn out by a
remark made by the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Allison,] and is as follows :
"But before leaving this point, as my sensitive
friend, the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,]
seemed a little anxious about the Special Commis-
sion er of Internal Revenue, to wb om I unfortunat ely
referred in this connection, I deem it proper to say
to the House and to the country that if it is neces-
sary 01- important that thib Government shouldkc.ep
an officer in its service at a Targe salary for the pur-
pose of guarding the interests of the foreign manu-
facturer, the foreign importer, the foreign agent in
New York, then the Secretary of the Treasury has
been signally fortunate in the selection he has made,
and Mr. Wells is the proper man for the place."
Now, sir, the interest I have ia printing this
report is in the fact that the report proves what
I said. It is a free-trade document, and I have
no doubt the Free Trade League will publish
it and scatter it broadcast-
Mr. ELA. I simply want to say that the
resolution is to print the usual number of copies.
There has been a great demand for this report.
It certainly contains most valuable informa-
tion, and if some of its tables should be so
arranged as to suppurt one view of the question
I think members of the House can so arrange
them as to suit their own views if they can be
sustained by facts, which I think nobody dis-
putes, upon which the whole matter is based.
I only want to say a word in reply to the gen-
tleman fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.]
in regard to savings-banks, as that may be
deceptive as well as other things. 1 know the
vast increase of deposits in the savings-banks
in New Hampshire grows as much out of the
faet that they pay less than half as much taxes
as other property, as from the fact of the
additional prosperity of the people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being taken on the resolution,
it was agreed to.
Mr. ELA moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
revenue-cutters.
Mr. MULLINS. I call for the regular orde
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. 1 ask unan-
imous consent for a change of reference. I
move that the Committee ou Commerce be dis-
charged from the consideration of a matter
referred to it in regard to authorizing the con-
struction of four steam revenue-cutters, and
that the same be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will ask
the gentleman to state what was the judgment
of the Committee on Commerce on the subject.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. Thejudgment
of the committee was, after careful examin-
ation, that it was important that the Treasury
Department should have charge of collecting
the revenue and preventing frauds on the waters
in the southern States and in the northwestern
territory; that it was absolutely necessary that
some means should be provided by which the
Treasury Department could carry on the admin-
istration of the revenue laws. They have, in
point of fact, no means within their control to
enable them to do that which the law requires
at their hands.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is in-
sisted on by several gentlemen. The Chair
supposed it was simply a change of reference
the gentleman desired.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massaeh&setts. That is all.
I'think I have answered my friend.
The motion of Mr. Eliot, of Massachusetts,
was agreed to.
alexander dunbar.
Mr. WOOD, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That theSecretary of War be directed to
inform this House by what authority Mr. Alexander
Dunbar, a citizen of Canada, is employed to instruct
the horse-doctors of-the United States Army in his so-
called secret for the treatment of horses' feet, and to
travel over theeountry delivering lectures on the samet
what amount is paid ixim per month for his services,
and if it be true that, in addition to his monthly sal-
ary, he is to get $20,000; also, the number of officers
of the United States Army, farriers, and other attend-
ants detailed to his service; what the nature of their
duties is and the amount paid them per month; also,
the number of buildings that have been rented for
the use of Mr. Dunbar, and a.t what eost.
Mr. WOOD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
elections in tiie territories.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
commenced, and the House resumes the con-
sideration of the bill pending at the expiration
of the morning hour of Thursday last, (H. R.
No. 1624,) to preserve the purity of elections in
the several organized Territories of the United
States, on which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Ashley] is entitled to the floor for one hour.
The pending question is on the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Mcllins. ]
Mr PHELPS. I appeal to the courtesy of
the gentleman from Ohio to allow me to pro-
pose an amendment to the bill.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I will hear the
amendmejit read.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to insert after sec-
tion sixteen, on page 12, what I send to the
Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the Legislatures of
the Territories hereinbefore named shall at their first
session after the passage of this act provide bylaw
for a reapportionment of the members of the several
Legislatures as nearly equal as may be among coun-
cil andlegislative districts entitled each to electthree
members of council and three representatives, and
that the outlying districts, if any, to which it may be
necessary that a less number than three shall bo
apportioned, shall be located in the least populous
portions of said_ Territories, and that at. the next
legislative elections thereafter in said Territories
every qualified voter shall be entitled to three votes
for membej'of council and three votes for member
of the hou/ft of representatives, with the privilege of
cumulating said votes upon any one or two of the
candida/es for either house respectively, it being the
intent jpid meaning of this act to secure an equitable
and ju/t representation to minorities in said Territo-
ries in all cases where minority parties exceed in
number two fifths of the electoral body.
Mr. PHELPS. I should like to have a few
o$ents to explain the amendment.
r. ASHLEY, of Ohio. How many min-
ute does the gentleman desire?
Mr. PHELPS. Five minutes.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I will yield hiui
five minutes.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, the amend-
ment which has just been read by the Clerk is
submitted in good faith, with no motive of
hostility to the bill, but. on the contrary, with
entire approbation of its features and of its
policy. And, sir, I hail with satisfaction this
first movement in the history of congressional
legislation to recognize and to protect by con-
gressional sanction the organization of parties
in the Territories of the United States, believ-
ing it to be a wholesome example which, if
carried out, as it doubtless will be carried out
under the machinery of this bill, in good faith
and with practical adaptation to the wants of
the community, will eventually lead to its
adoption ill the States of the Union and by
congressional legislation, as far as applies to
members of Congress. I, however, do not
think that the bill goes far enough. I do not
believe it to be enough simply to provide for
political equilibrium among the boards of can-
vassers and the boards of election. In my
