232
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24 ^
Ho. of Keps.
Party Platforms and the Public Debt—Mr. Van Trump. 40th Cong—3d Sess.
in the General Government to prohibit the
making of contracts between the citizens of
the several States payable in specie, nor does
the Government possess the power to prohibit
the enforcement of these contracts in letter
and spirit in the State courts, and nothing
could be more absurd and ridiculous than the
passage of such a law even if Congress possessed
the power. Coin, Mr. Speaker, is the currency
of the world, and every executory contract pay-
able in dollars means coin unless otherwise
specified in the contract. Dollars, ex vi term-
ini, means coin, and must always be so declared
by the courts, unless the contract which con-
tains this word dollars also contains some other
definition of the term than its well-known and
legal ineaning throughout all commercial coun-
tries of the world. I deem it important that
this section should be passed in order that the
people should know that there is no longer any
difficulty in making or enforcing specie con-
tracts.
Party Platforms and the Public Debt.
REMARKS OP HON. P. VAN TRUMP,
OF OHIO,
Iif the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1869,
On the bill (H. K. No. 1744) to strengthen the public
credit and relating to contracts for the payment of
coin.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Mr. Speaker, I do not
propose to make any very extended remarks
upon the bill now before the House as re-
ported by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, [Mr. Schexok.] I am im-
pelled to say what I shall say mainly from the
fact that this side of the House seems to be
somewhat divided, if not demoralized, upon
the very important question presented in the
first section of the bill; a question which has
heretofore been made a distinct party issue, if
I properly understand the principle contained
in that section, when applied to the late plat-
forms of the two great parties of the country
in national conventions assembled.
Sir, I consider this bill not only as an initial
movement to declare authoritatively the entire
public debt a coin obligation without regard
to time or circumstances, but also as a shrewd
and artful effort to divide and distract this side
of the House in relation to the whole scheme
of the public debt. Whatever its success may
be here in the halls of legislation, I feel quite
sure it will fall very wide of the mark among
the great mass of the people, who are strong
in their convictions that this immense amount
of debt, incurred with so much extravagance
and corruption, should be adjusted upon fair
and equitable principles. They have not for-
gotten, nor will they soon forget, that this vast
amount of public liability was the result of civil
commotion among our own people, of a strug-
gle to sustain a Government common to all
and for the benefit of all, and that it is unjust
to hold that its_ burden should rest unequally
upon the great interests of the country or that
it should be the source of enormous profit to
one class of citizens and of intolerable and
crushing expense to another.
Sir, they will recollect all this none the less
keenly and strongly with the broad and impar-
tial spirit of the Constitution impressed upon
their minds. They know that that Constitution,
while it confers its benefits like the dews of
heaven alike upon all, also imposes an equal
obligation upon all to sustain by arms or means
the integrity and existence of the Government.
They know and feel that there is just as much
power in that Constitution to draft money or
property as there is to draft men to sustain,
support, and defend the Government under
which they live. They know and feel that there
is just as much power in the Government under
a rightful interpretation of the Constitution to
break open the strong boxes of the capitalist
and seize upon his money-bags to aid the Gov-
ernment in its struggle with the power which
assails it as there is to enter the lowly cabin of
the poor man and drag him by a provost mar-
shal from his frightened, helpless, and depend-
ent family and compel him to risk life and limb
in the defense of that Government. They
know that this political equilibrium existing by
virtue of the Constitution between the rights
and the obligations of the citizen to the Gov-
ernment, this "equality before the law," to
use the phrase of our friends across the way,
though applied to a subject not recognized by
the Constitution of our Fathers, this theory
that there can be no aristocracy of personal
rights or privileges by enactment of law, is
the great American idea which underlies the
whole structure of our Government; and any
material or permanent departure from this great
fundamental principle of our institutions will
be the dirge of our liberties and sound the knell
of the Republic. All this they know and feel.
The bondholder is blind to all things but his
own interest. . Fanaticism in political organ-
izations, favoritism in the administration of
public affairs, injustice and wrong to political
opponents in legislation, always come as the
after-birth of civil war; but, sir, there is no
party feeling however intensified, no power of
money however great, even in an age of loose
morals and mercenary principles, which can
long maintain with safety to existing institu-
tions a system of class legislation which pan-
ders to the sordid selfishness of a moneyed oli-
garchy against the interests and the welfare of
the people. Sir, I tremble for the consequences
which lie behind such unwise and unjust legis-
lation. I can well understand why a Repub-
lican should be in favor of a bill like this; but
why a Democrat should vote for it is past my
comprehension. The honorable gentleman
from New York on this side of the House, [Mr.
•Brooks,] in the brief colloquy between him and
myself snatched from the organized debate,
confidently claimed that there was and could
be no possible conflict between the Democratic
platform made in council at New York and
the principles contained .in the first section of
the bill now before the House. In that I differ
from my honorable friend toto ccelo.
Sir, I think I shall be able to show, either
as a legal proposition or as a question of con-
struction, that the first section of this bill exactly
reverses or transposes the financial proposition
as to the mode of payment of the Government
bonds declared in solemn convention by the
national Democracy at New York in July last
as the true and only equitable construction of
the several loan laws creating the public debt.
And in doing this I shall neither claim or feel
any personal triumph over my distinguished
friend from New York. I know it is the fact,
and I have as much pleasure as pride in acknowl-
edging it, that there is no better informed
or. abler man on this floor upon any of the
great subjects of human knowledge, whether in
science, in art, or in literature, .than the gen-
tleman who so ardently and so ably represents
the great money center of the country; but he
is not and does not claim to be a lawyer con-
versant with the technical rules of legal con-
struction or interpretation.
Now, sir, what is the issue between us? I
am sorry to say, I profoundly regret that I am
compelled to say, that the honorable gentle-
man in his remarks upon and in advocacy of
this bill said as much and went as far as the
greatest bondholding Shylock in the land
could have desired him to say or go. All his
dazzling rhetoric about the hard-money his-
tory of the Democratic party in other condi-
tions of the country, when it was prosperous
and out of debt and when both the gentleman
and myself were found in opposition to,all its
leading measures, will not blind any one to
the remarkable position he has now assumed
upon the great and vital question of the liquid-
ation of the public debt. Sir, it is no time
now to cover up differences of opinion, even
among political friends, when that discord-
ance is manifested here in open debate in this
House, and I warn those of my Democratic
brethren on this floor who are disposed to fol-
low in the lead of a Wall-street exposition of
Democracy that it is a false light, an ignis
fatuus which will allure them into the bogs
and quagmires of a delusive political philoso-
phy, to be denounced and repudiated hereafter
by the great mass of the yeoman Democracy.
A false blending or union of the two distinct
and independent questions of a return to spe-
cie payments at the right time with full power
to sustain it, and the mode and manner under
a fair construction of the provisions of the loan
laws of paying off the bonds of the Govern-
ment as they now and shall hereafter fall due,
will not and shall not, so far as I can prevent
it, deceive or cheat any one. They have no
dependence upon each other. They are dis-
tinct and independent propositions. The one
is a mere financial question at large; the other
is a question of contract to be governed solely by
the law of its creation. No one, Mr. Speaker,
can be more anxious for a safe and permanent
return to specie payments than I am. I am
for a constitutional circulating medium in such
money as is recognized by the organic law of
the land, whenever the change to that standard
from what we now have as its illegitimate sub-
stitute can be made without suddenly plung-
ing the country into disorder, bankruptcy, and
ruin. This change in our monetary system is
only a question of time. But to be done safely
to the interests and great business of the peo-
ple it must be done gradually, and especially
must it be done honestly and without class
legislation. On this general question of a re-
turn to specie payments as an ultimate but per-
haps somewhat remote condition of the country
the gentleman from New York and myself will
not differ.
The only point or criticism which I wish to
make in reply is to controvert the assumption
of my friend that the principles embodied in
the first section of this bill are sustained by
the Democratic platform made at New York,
and, in the language of the gentleman, by the
" beautiful and glorious history " of the Dem-
ocratic party in all its past existence. Sir,
while I do not indorse all that was said and
done in New York by that convention, I do
most heartily and cordially sanction what they
said as to the mode of liquidating the public
debt, and the legal interpretation they put
upon the loan acts of Congress by which that
debt was created. So far from that interpret-
ation being in harmony with the first section
of this bill I shall show that they are the anti-
podes of each other. First as to the bill. The
first section provides:
" That in order to remove any doubt as to the pur-
pose of the Government to discharge all just obliga-
tions to the public creditors, and to settle conflicting
questions and interpretations of the laws by virtue
of which such obligations have been contracted, it is
hereby provided and declared that the faith of the
United States is solemnly pledged to the payment in
coin orits equivalentof all the interest-bearing obli-
gations of the United States, except in cases where
the law authorizing the issue of any such obligation
has expressly provided that the same may be paid in
lawful money or other currency than gold and silver:
Provided, however, That before any of said interest-
bearing obligations not already due shall mature or
be paid before maturity the obligations not bearing
interest, known as United States notes, shall be made
convertible in coin at the option of the holder."
Now, Mr. Speaker, there can be no mis-
take as to the legal effect or object of this
section. It is true that it recognizes the par-
amount force of an express stipulation in the
statutes, whether in favor of or against a gold
payment of the principal of the bonds of the
Government created thereby. So far so good.
But the vice of the section is, that in the ab-
sence of any express stipulation for or against
a gold payment, no matter what the res gestfB
