1410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
the tonnage tax on Spanish vessels,_ a bill of
very great importance. There is a bill to pre-
vent tbe killing of fur-bearing animals in
Alaska that will put $?100,000 in the Treasury
tliia year. Then there are two or three tele-
graph bills. There are twenty-two bills in all.
I think if the Senate will give me the day, in
two or three houra I ean pass the whole of
tbem. I hope they will not lead to any ex-
tended discussion, and they are all bills of
national importance with two or three excep-
tions. There are only two or three private
bills.
Mr. MORTON. The reason I asked the
question of the chairman of the committee is
that I discover that in his enumeration of the
bills from that committee he omits the most
important of all—the river and harbor bill.
I hope we shall stand by the unfinished busi- j
Bess.
Mr. CHANDLER. That bill is here, and I
shall call it up after we get through with the
others, but I have spent throe days on that
and not passed a single bill.
Mr. MORTON. I hope we shall stand by
the unfinished business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not. I hope
the Senate will give me the day.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Michi-
gan, by a vote of the Senate, a two-thirds vote,
had last evening set apart for the consideration
of his bills. Under the pressure of a discussion
yesterday afternoon, without, I think, much
consideration or reflection on the bearing of
the proposition, a vote was carried that there
should be no recess; and then after that an-
other vote was carried that the Senate should
adjourn. By that means the Senator from
Michigan and all his business were practically
aet aside. I voted against both of those propo-
sitions, for I thought the Senate by a two-thirds
vote was pledged to give last evening to the
business of rhe Committee on Commerce—
twenty-two bills, imm; or loss, which that com-
mittee has reported.
•Mr. POMIiROY. The Senator is mistaken
about the two-thirds vote. Tlieie was no two-
thirds vote about it. It was merely done by a
majority vote, a simple order that there be a
recess, and it was repealed by a majority vote.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well ; it was voted
by the Senato, and the Senator from Michigan
had a right to expect that the Senate would
adhere to its vote and come hero last evening
to consider the measures which he had reported
from his committee; but instead of that, on
the motion of a Senator, another bill was taken
up, not for consideration last evening, but
merely to make it unfinished business so that
under a parliamentary rule it might override
all special orders on the next day. I did not
like the proceeding at the time. I thought it
was not just to the Senator from Michigan, and
the business which he lias in charge ; and hav-
ing that idea, I shall deem it my duty to vote
with him in order to give him an opportunity
to obtain to-day the hearing for his measures
which he lost last evening.
Mr. THAYER. Now, let us look at that a
moment. The motion to take up the tenure-
ol'-office bill was put and carried before the
motion to adjourn till to-day was carried. The
motion was made with a view of making the
tenure-of-office bill the business for to-day at
one o'clock, and not to interfere with the busi-
ness set apart for last evening. That was a
subsequent motion. At the time the motion was
made to take up the tenure-of-office bill there
was an prder for an evening session to consider
the business of the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SUMNER. No; that had been re-
scinded.
Mr. THAYER. It was certainly the order
at that tune.
_ Mr. POMEROY. ^No, the orderforan even-
ing session was rescinded before four o'clock.
_ Mr. THAI LIl. It was rescinded; but the
chairman ot the Committee an Appropriations
expressly stated that he would renew it in a
very short time. Now, am 1 not correct?
.Mr. MORRILL, ol Maine. That is so. I
desire to say, in justice to myself, that while
on the floor endeavoring to fulfill that promise
my honorable friend from Oregon [Mr. Con-
bett] I think made the same motion, which I
seconded.
Mr. THAYER. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations made the motion to
rescind the order for a recess only for a tem-
porary purpose—to finish the Indian appropri-
ation bill—and expressly stated that he would
renew it; and it was long after the tenure-of-
office bill was taken up that the motion was
made which displaced the business of the Com-
mittee on Commerce. I am substantially cor-
rect, although in a technical point I was mis-
taken in one respect. I was for having an
evening session last evening in order to carry
out the order which had been made. The
motion to take up the tenure-of-office bill to-day
was not made for the purpose of antagonizing
it against the business of the Committee on
Commerce, but it was to get the tenure-of-office
bill before the Senate.
Now, I ask the Senator from Massachusetts
and the Senator from Michigan if they wish to
give the bill for the repeal of the tenure-of-
uffice act the go by? Do they wish to avoid
action upon it? 1 am for taking up that bill
and acting upon it, and repealing that law. I
hope the gentlemen are with us in that. I
trust we shall not see a disposition here to
avoid that issue.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senate will
give me to-day to pass the bills from tho Com-
mittee on Commerce. They are all of gen-
oral importance, with but two or three excep-
tions. I ask for a vote on the proposition to
give this day to tho Committee on Commerce.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tho ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mich-
igan to postpone the unfinished business and
all prior orders to take up the bills reported
by the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was sorry to hear my
fi-iend from Massachusetts undertake to inti-
mate that I had moved yesterday to take up
the bill respecting the tenure-of office act, with
any unfair spirit or with any unfair effect to-
ward the bills of my friend from Michigan.
When 1 made that motion, although it is true
that the order for a reci-ss had been rescinded,
I understood that it had been rescinded merely
in order to extend tho day session for a few
minutes, and that then the evening session was
to be ordered again; so that I did not under-
stand that by the taking up of this bill yester-
day I was to crowd out for the evening the bills
of my friend from Michigan; but tho evening
went by without our having a session, a motion
to adjourn being made and carried by gentlemen
of tho opposite politics from ours.
Now, sir, ulthough I am wholly unable my-
self to address the Senate to-day, I think it
right and fair to other gentlemen who are, to
keep the bill in regard to the tenure-of-office
question before the Senate until it is disposed
of. Gentlemen, as you perceive, have a great
deal of zeal about it; and if there are any good
reasons why that bill should pass as it came
from the House of Representatives I should
be glad to know them and to act upon them.
If there are other good reasons why it should
not, and why a different course should be pur-
sued, I wish to do that, but now that it is up
I wish to have it settled.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, the
question is whether we shall take up the bill
to repeal the tenure-of-office law 
Mr. MORTON. No ; that is up ; and it is
moved to supersede it by the bills of the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The question is,
whether we shall continue the consideration
of that bill or take up the commerce bills. I
shall vote with the Senator from Michigan, for
the reason that his bills have some connection
with the business of the country, and the other
bill is altogether partisan and political. A
year ago it was regarded of so much import-
ance to maintain the tenure-of-office law that
it was insisted that there should be an impeach-
ment of the President of the United States
because of its disregard, and now, in hot haste,
it mast be repealed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not yet.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I say to the Senator
from Vermont that in -my judgment it will be
repealed. He thinks not and says not. I prefer
to give the advantage, so far as my vote shall
influence it at all, to the business of the country.
That has not been allowed to be heard much
at this session; and the devotion of a small
portion of the public time to it it seems to me
would be reasonable. I shall therefore vote
with the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust we shall raot devote
this day to the business of the Committee on
Commerce. I am desirous, as I think the
whole country is, that we should decide the
question on the tenure of-office bill. There is
an impression getting abroad that the Senate
is afraid to meet that question. For one, I am
free to say that I shall vote for its repeal. I
have said on former occasions that 1 should
not have voted for the original law if I had
been here when it was passed. I am anxious
that the repealing bill shall be brought before
the Senate so that wo shall have an opportu-
nity of passing it and having it signed, if pos-
sible, before the new Administration comes in.
The bills of the Committee on Commerce can
lose nothing by lying over for a few days ; and
before I sit down I shall move to give the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce
Monday evening for his bills.
Mr. SHERMAN. _ I hope the Senator will
name Tuesday evening. Monday is already
assigned by special order.
Mr. CAMERON. Not Monday night.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, the whole day. That
day has been set apart for the Committee on.
Finance. There are quite a number of bills,
public and private, from that committee, which
ought to be considered. I shall have no objec-
tion to Tuesday evening.
Mr. CAMERON. I have no objection to
saying Tuesday. What I desire now is to go
on with the regular order of business and take
up the bill assigned for to-day, because if we
do not pursue some system we shall have
nothing done. All this morning has been
wasted by discussion on a bill which ought not
to have been brought up at the time it was.
We all see that it was one of the bills to be
brought forvvaid by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce ; but in place of leaving
it there it was given to another member of the
same committee, and it maybe that these bills
are distributed all around the Senate. I do
not object to that exactly on principle, but I
do object to its application to-day. The whole
effect has been to waste the time and do no
good. I move, therefore, that Tuesday even-
ing next be devoted to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion may be put if there be no objection.
Mr. MORl'ON. I want to say just one
word. It is true that a year ago an impeach-
ment was about being founded upon the viola-
tion of the tenure-of-office law. While that
law is a law it is to be executed. It is pro-
posed now, however, to repeal it; and it per-
haps will be somewhat strange, but. still it may
turn out to be true, that those who then de-
nounced the law as unconstitutional and as
wicked may now seek to preserve it and con-
tinue it as a law upon the country. We have
attempted on a number of occasions to get up
this bill. Hitherto we have been baffled. If
the bill is to be killed I hope it will be killed
by a direct vote upon it, and not in this indi-
rect way by preventing its consideration.
Mr. MORGAN. I hope the motion made
by the Senator from Pennsylvania will prevail.
It is proper that some evening should be given
to the bills reported by the Committee on
Commerce—some twenty-two of them. It was
unjust, I think, to set aside the order devoting
last evening to their consideration. 1 trust
the chairman of the committee will accept
Tuesday evening, and have it understood that
