THE COFGRESSIOmL ©LOBE.
January 19,
tll^, time I have resided in the Territory of
Montana, which I have the honor to represent.
Whenever Congress has taken its hand off
from the people of the Territories, and left
them to act under the organic law and dis-
charge all the functions that devolve upon
them,, there has been no trouble. I trust,
therefore, that all this tinkering with the Ter-
ritories on the part of Congress will cease from
this time.
Why, sir, let me ask the gentleman from
Ohio, how are you going to carry out this plan?
Take the county of Deer Lodge. It is some
two or two hundred and fifty miles in length
by ofte hundred in breadth. There are seventy-
five or eighty mining camps in that county
alone. In that Territory, consisting of one
hundred and forty-three thousand square miles,
every county has its little mining camps and a
town. Some of the counties have large and
thriving towns and cities, but how iu those
extreme marginal localities can the provisions
of this bill be carried into effect ?
. Again, our people are much m'ore com-
petent, in my judgment, to govern themselves
than ave gentlemen on this floor, who know
but little about the Territories. You are here
attempting to legislate for people who have
taken their lives in their hands—the young
blood of New England and the middle States,
the energetic, intelligent men of the eastern-
west, to coin a word, who have gone into the
Territories and laid broad and deep the found-
ations of great States, planting there the prin-
ciples that have been inculcated in their minds
in their native States. They go out the avant'
couriers of civilisation to pluck these barren
wastes and make them magnificent, powerful,
and sovereign States in this grand national
Union of ours. We who have lived on the
frontiers for fifteen years or more pretend at
least to know more about the wants of the
people there than any member from New Eng-
land or Ohio or New York, no matter how
intelligent he may be, or how well fitted to dis-
charge the duties that may devolve upon him
in regard to the interests of his constituency.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. There is nothing
mysterious or, hard to understand in this bill.
The principle of it could with all propriety be
enacted into law in any country where it is
desired to preserve the pnrity of the ballot.
The purpose I had in view, and the purpose
of the committee whom I represent, was to
secure beyond peradventure a fair and honest
election in every Territory of the United States.
The objection urged by the gentleman from
Arizona [Mr. BaSiifobd] shows that he has
not read the bill with care. He supposes that
the Governor is empowered to appoint three
commissioners in each county, two of whom
shall be members of the dominant party,
whereas the Governor is required to appoint
four, two of the dominant party and two of the
minority party or parties, if there are any mi-
nority parties, ana if not, then from any citi-
zens of whatever party; and the bill requires
an affirmative vote of three members of the
board to make an order, and three members of
the board to constitute a quorum. This board
is charged with the appointment of election
boards in every township and voting precinct.
There again, however, the diverse political
sentiment of the locality is to be represented;
the dominant party at the last election, if there
are organized parties in the Territory, are to
have two members of the board, and the party
having the next largest vote at the last election
is to have one member of the board. So that
the minority have absolute security that the
majority shall not improperly admit or exclude
voters from the ballot-box, nor can they make
up, when they count the ballots, a statement
which does not have the sanction of the minor-
ity of the board.
Mr, WELKER. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
, Mr. WELKER. I find 011 pages 2 and 3 of
the bill a provision that if it turns out at any
election, or at the first election, that neither can-
didate was elected to the office of Delegate to
Congress by a majority of the votes, thereupon
the Governor of the Territory shall issue a proc-
' lamation to that effect, and another election
shall be held at which the electors shall be com-
pelled to vote for the gentlemen who were can-
didates at the first election. I want to know
what is the necessity of requiring the electors
at the second election to vote for the same can-
didates that ran at the first election ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman might as well ask why the men who
made the Constitution of the United States
thought it necessary to provide that when an
election for President comes into the House of
Representatives they shall select one of the
three highest candidates. But that bill is not
before the House at all.
Mr. WELKER. Allow me one word.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The bill to which
my colleague refers is not before the House at
all. This is a bill to preserve the purity of
elections- in the Territories, and the bill to
which the gentleman refers is a bill to provide
for the election of Delegates from the several
Territories of the United States.
Mr. WELKER. That was the bill I read
from.
Sir. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Yes; but it is not
before the House. I thought, however, that I
would answer the gentleman.
Mr. WELKER. I want to say that mem-
bers all around me have 110 other bill, and I
supposed we were voting upon that proposi-
tion.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Well, sir, the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Welker,] with his
usual alertness, ought to have known that the
bill was printed on the 11th of this month, and
placed on his file. Now, sir, the people of
Washington Territory, of Idaho Territory, and
especially of Montana Territory, have for the
last five years importuned the committee of
which I am a member for a registry law. Of
course I can understand that the dominant
party in any Territory would cry out against
congressional interference. I can understand
that some particular clique that may have suc-
ceeded in obtaining control of the power in a
Territory would oppose this legislation. But
what I want, and what the honest people of
the country want, is absolute security against
either the governing officials of a Territory or
organized cliques or the despotism of party
majorities.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I would ask the gen-
tleman what Territory, either through its Legis-
lature or through any public assembly of its
citizens, has ever asked Congress to pass any
such law as this ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The territorial
Legislature of Montana never has and never
will.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. That is not answer-
ing my question.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Nor has the territo-
rial Legislature of Idaho ever asked for it. But
the citizens resident in the Territories of Wash-
ington, Idaho, and Montana, who are in the
minority, and who under the present manner
of conducting elections there will probable
remain in the minority, have asked tor it.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Will the gentleman
answer my question or will I be compelled to
answer it for him ? I will take the four Repub-
lican Territories of Dakota, Washington, New
Mexico, and Colorado. Has any petition to
this House of Representatives asking for any
such legislation as this ever come from those
four Republican Territories?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Pardon me; a moment
longer.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Do not make the
question too long.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. First, pardon me if
I take a moment longer on this, for I like to
hit things right on the head. When the gen-
tleman insinuates that the people of Montana
or of Idaho are not just as loyal to the Consti-
tution and the Union, just as true in support
of the laws of the country and the institutions
under which we live, as are any people, he
asserts that which will not bear investigation.
There is not a man in Montana but what is as
loyal as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ash-
ley] dare be. Thousands of men living there
have given proof of their royalty by meeting
the leaden hail of the rebels upon many a
bloody field of battle.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I think I can an-
swer the question of the gentleman.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. As the gentleman did
not answer it, I thought I would answer it for
him.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I have not inti-
mated, nor do I think that any gentleman on
this floor would say that I have intimated, that
any man in Montana or Idaho was disloyal.
No such words escaped my lips, nor did any
such thought occur to me. I said that the
dominant party there, like the dominant party
in any State undoubtedly, would probably con-
trol matters, and hence the minority have
petitioned this House for a registry law; and
the Delegate from Washington Territory, [Mr.
Flaxders,] ever since he has been on this
floor, has insisted upon the Committee on the
Territories reporting a registry law for hisTerri-
tory. Having traveled over a considerable
portion of these Territories m 1865, and hav-
ing passed five months and a half in the great
Territories of the West, and having seen the
citizens there in their homes, I think I under-
stand something of their wants as well as gen-
tlemen who are sent here to represent them.
There is nothing so different in the wants of
the people of the Territories from what there
is in the wants of the people of the States. No
gentleman can read this bill and not say that it
secures beyond all peradventure a fair and
honest election, and that is all that we want.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Very well.
Mr. BURLEIGH. The gentleman says that
a few years ago he traveled through those Ter-
ritories. I want to know how many men he
saw out there and how many elections he at-
tended there ? I have lived in those Territo-
ries since 1861, and I have never seen any of
those frauds. Perhaps the gentleman has seen
them ; if so, I want to know when and where.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Well, sir, I was
not there at any election; and it is not neces-
sary for a man to be present at an election to
know how frauds are committed and how they
can be committed. My colleague, [Mr. Law-
rence,] who has been over to the Democratic
cit.y of New York investigating the election
frauds there, can tell the gentleman something
about them, although he was not on the ground
when they were committed.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Let the bill, then, apply
to New York, and not to the Territories.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The people of
the Territories are no better and no worse than
the people of the great cities or the people of
the States; and a law which will secure jus-
tice to the minority in a Territory will secure
it in a State.
Now, sir, I want to say a word upon the
proposition submitted by the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Phelps.] I am in favor of
the_ principle embodied in his amendment. I
believe that the next great step which the peo-
ple of this country will make will be in the
direction indicated in that amendment—will be
toward the recognition of the rights of minor-
ities to representation. Indeed, one of the
objects which I had in view in the preparation
of this bill was to inaugurate in the Territories
of the United States a system which, after due
consideration by the statesmen of the country,
should be applied in the States in the election
of Representatives to Congress and in elec-
tions generally. I do not say, however, that
I can vote for the amendment in its present
