234
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-BESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 9,
Ho. of Reps.
Congressional Railroads—Mr. Sitgreaves.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
has become a matter of dispute, or the reeol-
lectionofsouieancientprescription has become
confused or uncertain, in which cage the Par-
liament may think proper, in perpetuum rei tes-
timonium,, and for avoiding doubts and difficul-
ties in the future to declare what the common
law is and has been upon some given custom
or prescription. The reason for this rule of
legislative power does not pertain to this coun-
try, and Chancellor Kent settles the question
by the following observation:
"It seems to be settled, as tho sense of the courts
of justice in this country, thatihe Legislature cannot
pass any declaratory law or acts declaratory of what
the law was before its passage so as to give it any
binding weight with the courts. It is only evidence
of the sense of the Legislature as to the preexisting
law. The powers of Government in this country are
distributed in departments, and each-departmentis
confined within its constitutional limits. The power
that makes is not the power to construe the law.
That latter trust belongs to the judicial department
exclusively."—1 Kent, 513, in notes.
But, Mr. Speaker, I did not intend to enter
into the discussion of the merits of the bill now
before the House. I only wished to set myself
right before the country as to the difference
of views between the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] and myself as members of
the same political organization. My respect
for his abilities and character, both public and
private, is such as will make me deeply regret
any future recurrence of antagonistic opinions
in relation to any of the fundamental princi-
ples of that great political party to which it is
our common pride and honor to belong. But
be this as it may I cannot and will not consent,
so long as I shall occupy a seat on this floor,
that any political heresy shall go forth from an
acknowledged member of the Democratic or-
ganization, however high his position, to dis-
tract and confound the views and opinions of
the party at large if any humble effort of mine
can prevent it. I may regret the collision, but
I cannot avoid the duty. I shall vote against
this bill upon the ground that the first section
seeks to change the law of the contract, and
because the second section is wholly unneces-
sary and uncalled for, for the reason that the
SupremeGourtof the United States has already
settled the principle which it seeks to establish.
Congressional Railroads, their Causes and
Besults.
SPEECH OF HON. 0. SITGREAYES,
Of new jersey,
In the House of Representatives,
February 9, 1869,
On the bill (H. It. No. 621) to authorize the building
of a military and postal railway from Washington,
District of Columbia, to tho city of New York.
Mr. SITGREAVES. Mr. Speaker, I very
much regret that a bill of this character, a bill
authorizingand exercising power not warranted
by the Constitution, changing the whole policy
of the conntry in relation to internal improve-
ments, and calculated in its results to destroy
the proceeds of a capital greater than the pub-
lic debt, is not permitted a full and free dis-
cussion in Committee of the Whole House.
During my service in Congress nothing has
amazed me more than the fact, patent to every
member on this floor, that grave questions
affecting the constitutional rights of the States
and the business of the people, by the opera-
tion of the "previous question," sustained by
a majority of a House calling itself "a high
deliberative body," have been passed with less
discussion than would be considered decent or
proper in a town meeting on a question of road
taxation or school laws; and this amazement
is only seconded by hearing the assertions used
as arguments by many honorable members in
advocating the passage of bills.
I allude especially to one series of assertions
made by stock-jobbers outside and members
inside of this House, and used as reasons for
the passage of this and similar bills:
1. "That New Jersey for thirty years has
been bound hand and foot by the chains of a
powerful monopoly."
2. " That New Jersey imposes an onerous
tax on passengers passing through the State."
3. " That every citizen of a sister State who
passes over the railroads between the cities of
New York and Philadelphia must pay a tax
per capita to New Jersey."
One honorable member has asked: " Look
at New Jersey, have we not an illustration
there of the power of a railroad corporation
which controls the Legislature of the State
and which holds in its vice-like grasp the polit-
ical and commercial destiny of that Common-
wealth?"
I propose to occupy a few moments in reply
to these assertions.
1. New Jersey has not for thirty years nor
for a single year of thirty "been bound hand
or foot by the chains of a powerful monopoly,"
but on the contrary that "powerful monop-
oly" (the Camden and Amboy Railroad and
Transportation Company and Delaware and
Baritan Canal Company) has been bound by
the honor and faith of its contracts. The men
who originated these works urged the Legisla-
ture to construct them as State works. They
urged the capitalists of New York and Phila-
delphia to aid in their construction. Neither
the Legislature nor the capitalists would em-
bark in this then '' untried experiment.'' The
Legislature chartered these companies and con-
tracted to protect them from competition dur-
ing a limited period for the consideration of
an annual tax on their business and a transfer
of two thousand shares of their stock and the
right to purchase the works. This contract
was in the nature of a lease, binding in law.
This contract was never violated either by the
State or the companies. The companies never
attempted by legislation or otherwise to evade
it either in letter or spirit, but they offered at
a subsequent time to surrender their exclusive
privileges to the State and the State refused
the offer. New Jersey was bound by her faith,
policy, and interests to maintain the contract.
Had the "monopoly" tried at any time within
thirty years to break faith with the State ? If
it had made the attempt the State would have
held it with a "vice-like grasp," and her judi-
ciary would have meted to it that impartial
justice which has ever been rendered at her
bar, without distinction of poverty, wealth,
position, race, or color.
2. "New Jersey does not impose an onerous
tax on passengers and freight passing through
the State." The tax imposed on the joint
companies is ten per cent, for every passenger
transported across the State, which averages
about two tenths of a cent per mile. This is
the onerous taxation under which we are told
that the traveling public have writhed for thirty
years, and over which members and a venal
press have eloquently descanted as a burden
too grievous to be borne by the commercial
interests of the country. Strange that gentle-
men who by their influence or votes have im-
posed unnecessary taxes under the weight of
which the tax-payers of the nation now stag-
ger do not see that in their denunciation of
this transit duty "they strain at a gnat and
swallow a camel."
3. "Citizens of sister States who pass over
the New Jersey railroads between New York
and Philadelphia do not pay a tax per capita
to New Jersey."
I quote the law relative to this transit duty
from the report of William K. McDonald,
comptroller of the New Jersey State treasury,
under a resolution of the State Senate:
"The Delaware and P.aritan canal was chartered
February 4,1830, and the treasurer of the company
was required thereby to report quarterly the number
of passengers and t®ns of merchandise transported
across the State, and pay into the State treasury eight
cents for each passenger and eight cents for each ton
of merchandise transported thereon, except coal,
lumber, lime, wood, ashes, and similar low-priced
articles, for which the transit duty was declared to be
two cents per ton; and no other tax was to be levied.
"Camden and Amboy Railroad and Transportation
company, chartered February 4,1830. The twenty-
third section of this act requires the treasurer of the
company to make quarterly returns of the number
of passengers and tons of goods transported upon
said road or roads to the State treasurer, and to pay
him at the rate of ten cents for each arid every pas-
senger and fifteen cents for every ton of merchandise
so transported thereon, and forbids the levy of any
other tax. By act of February 4,1831, the company
was required to pay ten cents for each passenger be-
tween Delaware river and Baritan bay, instead of a
ratable tax as reserved in the charter. The act of
March 15. 1837 imposed the same transit duties on the
road to New Brunswick as on the road to Amboy;
and the joint resolution of March 10,1842, directed
the State treasurer to demand of the Delaware and
Raritan Canal and Camden and Amboy Railroad
and Transportation Companies the payment of a
transit duty of ten cents a passenger and fifteen cents
for every ton of goods thereafter to be transported on
any railroad orrailroads belonging to said companies
from Camden, Burlington, Bordentown, the Trenton-
Delaware bridge, the city of Trenton, or any point
or place on the Delaware river, to South Amboy, the
city of New Brunswick, or any other point or place
on the Baritan river or bay, and from South Amboy,
the city of New Brunswick, or any other point or
place ontheRaritanriverorbay, to thecity of Tren-
ton, theTrenton-Delaware bridge, Bordentown, Bur-
lington, Camden, or any other point or place on the
Delaware river.
"New Jersey Railroad and Transportation Com-
pany, chartered March 7, 1832. The eighteenth seetion
of the act provides that after the completion of tho
road and after the expiration of five years the said cor-
poration shall pay yearly to the State a tax of one
quarter of one per cent, upon their capital stock paid
in; and. after the expiration of ten years a tax of
one half of one per cent, upon the true amount of the
capital stock of said company, and no other tax shall
be imposed: Provided, nevertheless. That if at any
time hereafter any railroad shall intersect or jjo at-
tached to the railroad established by this act, so as
to make a continuous line of railroads carrying pas-
sengers across the State between the States of New
York and Pennsylvania respectively, that then the
treasurer of the company shall make quarterly re-
turns, under oath, of the number of passengers and
tons of goods transported over the whole line of the
road chartered by this act, and shall thereupon pay
into the State treasury eight cents for each passenger
and twelve cents for each ton of goods so transported
thereon in manner aforesaid. The second section of
the act of April 18, 1846, makes it the duty of the
treasurer of this company to make quarterly returns
to the State treasurer of the whole amountof moneys
received by the company from passengers for whom
the said company are subject by law to pay transit
duties to the State, and thereupon the company shall
pay quarterly in each year eight cents for every dollar
so received in payment of the transit duties charge-
able for passengors on said company by their act of
incorporation. This company therefore pays to the
State a tax of one half of one per cent, upon the capi-
tal stocks, and a transit duty on through passengers
of eight cents for each dollar of passage money, and
on through freights twelve cents for each ton.
"The three companies before named constitute the
united railroad and canal companies, and the aggre-
gate of their respective capital stocks is $16,249,968 7o.
"But the act fixing the transit duty on low-priced
articles on railroads, approved March 9,1859, declares
that the transit duty on lime, wood, stone, ashes m-
nure, lumber, coal, iron ore, and similar low-priced
articles, shall be two cents per gross ton in lieu of the
transit duty now required by law to be paid on similar
property carried over any railroad in this £>tate.
It will be perceived that no tax is imposed
on the citizens of sister States. The transit
duty is a tax on the companies, and the only
State or local tax which can be imposed on
them. Do gentlemen contend that a State
has no right to impose a tax for valuable priv-
ileges granted to an incorporation? Where
is the difference to the passenger whether the
State had imposed an annual direct tax in
gross amounting to the same sum imposed by
transit duties ? I should like to know by what
ingenuity of argument any one can show the
difference to the public between an annual tax
of $100,000 levied upon a road and its fran-
chises and a tax amounting in the aggregate
to $100,000 per annum by a transit duty?
Every intelligent mind must perceive that in
the results to the traveling public they are
essentially the same; if one is a tribute levied
on passengers and the commercial interests
of the country so is the other. Why, then, do
not stock-jobbers invoke the aid of the national
Legislature to enable them to destroy other
important lines constructed under the authority
of State charters and taxed by State laws-?
Why single out the line through New Jersey,
