1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Congressional Railroads—Mr. Sitgreaves.
Ho. of Reps.
Pennsylvania, Delaware, and Maryland for
their unholy work?
Mr. Speaker, this transit duty is a tax on
the business of the companies, which will
be increased or diminished according to the
amount of that business. It is a tax on the
business of the companies under a special con-
tract for a special purpose; that purpose being
now accomplished the transit duty will prob-
ably be substituted by a tax on the costs of
the works. It is not a special tax on the citi-
zens of other States. It was not so inten'ded.
The transit duty is paid by the companies
whether the passenger comes from New York,
Philadelphia, Trenton, or New Brunswick.
Repeal this transit duty, and impose a per
cent, tax on the capital invested, or in any
other form, and the traveling public would not
be benefited by a reduction of the fares, for
let it be noted that the companies are not au-
thorized to charge this transit duty on their
fares in addition to the rates of fare which are
limited by law. No one, whether a citizen of
New Jersey or not, can be charged beyond a
certain sum per mile, transit duty or no transit
duty; nor does the fare required of a through
passenger pay more in proportion to the dis-
tance traveled than a passenger to and from
points in the interior of the State, even if the
fares were augmented by the transit duty, for
we all know that the ratio of fare per mile on
all roads is graduated by the through fare.
Notwithstanding this so-called "enormous
tax " of two tenths of a cent per mile, I am
informed and believe, although I have not the
means at-hand to ascertain the fact, that upon a
lair comparison of the price paid by passengers
and freight over these New Jersey roads with
other roads, calculating the length of the roads
and cost of construction and equipments, there
are few, if any, roads in the United States where
the fare is lower than the transit across New
Jersey. But, sir, if New Jersey has no con-
stitutional power to impose this tax in this
form why not bring the question before the
proper judicial tribunals? Why right the
wrong by the commission of a greater wrong?
Why constitute a company of greedy, irre-
sponsible stock-jobbers to be the ministers of
your justice or your vengeance?
4. It is not true that the joint companies
control or have controlled the political and
commercial destinies of the Commonwealth.
The men who controlled the affairs of these
companies from the beginning untilthe present
time were men of diverse political sentiments,
men who belonged to the old school of poli-
ticians, now so •' few and far between"—men
who conscientiously believed in the dogmas of
their respective political creeds; men whose
honor was above price ; men who could notbe
swerved from their political and moral status
by any political position or commercial gain ;
they looked with loathing and abhorrence on
the modern politician of the modern school,
who is ready, or whose practice, if not his
creed, is
"To crook the pregnant hinges of the knee,
That thritt may follow fawning,"
Two of these men have lately passed away—
Stockton and Stevens; but^ their names will
live in history, identified with the faith and
commercial and agricultural interests of New
Jersey and the glory .of the Republic so long
as unselfish patriotism and great services shall
be cherished by the State and nation.
The bill under consideration is reported by
the Committee of this House on Roads and
Canals; it charters a company to construct a
railway of one or more tracks between the cities
of Washington and New York, commencing on
some point in the city of Washington, and run-
ning thence through the States of Maryland,
Pennsylvania, Delaware, and New Jersey, or
any part of them, to the Hudson rirer, crossing
the Susquehanna above tide-water, with no
grades greater than thirty feet per mile, norany
curvaturc 1-ess than three degrees. To do this
the company are authorized immediately to
enter upon, take possession of, and use all such
real estate and property as may be necessary,
with the usual directions, in case they cannot
agree with the land or property owners ; in
addition to other powers the company is author-
ized to connect with any State railroad carry-
ing the mails of the United States for the
purpose of transportation, and the said line of
railway authorized to be constructed, and the
parts of existing railways which may become a
part of the New York and Washington railway
shall be deemed and considered a national pub-
lic highway and post road, and no tax or transit
duty shall be imposed by virtue of any State
authority upon the traffic of said company, its
freight, or passengers.
The questions which present themselves in
the consideration of this bill are: has Congress
the constitutional power to build railroads over
a State without its consent, assume the right of
eminent domain over the soil, and incidentally
regulate its internal commerce?
I am opposed to its passage, because I
believe Congress has no such constitutional
powers.
The right is claimed under the first article of
the Constitution, giving Congress the power—
"To provide for the common defense and general
welfare.
"'To regulate commerce with foreign nations, ana
among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.
" To establish post offices and post roads.
"To make all laws which shall be necessary or
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers."
I deny the power of Congress to charter an
incorporation for the purpose of constructing
a railroad for any purpose, postal, military, or
commercial, or under the indefinite term of
"public welfare," against the consent of the
State through which it shall be laid. No such
warrant is given in the letter of the Constitu-
tion ; no such warrant is given by implication;
and if the power is doubtful from the letter,
then, by a resort to the meaning and intention
of the framers of the Constitution as evidenced
by their votes and subsequent opinions, we find
that the incorporation of such a power in that
instrument was expressly denied. The canal was
then considered as the great means for the ex-
tension of our internal commerce, development
of our internal resources, and promotion of the
public welfare; for the railroad was then un-
known. Dr. Franklin moved in the conven-
tion to add after the words ''post roads" a
power to provide for "cutting canals-when
deemed necessary."
" Mr. Wilson seconded the motion.
"Mr. Sherman objected. The expense in such case
will fall on the United States, and the benefit accrue
to the places where canals may be cut.
"Mr. Wilson. Instead of being an expense to the
United States, they may be made a source of revenue.
"Mr. Madison suggested an enlargement of the
motion into a power to grant charters of incorpora-
tion where the interests of the United States miaht
require and the legislative provisions of individual
States may bo incompetent.
"His primary object was, however, to secure an
easy communication between the States which the
free intercourse now to be opened seemed to be called
for ; the political objects being removed, a renioval
of the natural ones, as far as possible, ought to tollow.
" Mr. Randolph seconded the proposition.
" Mr. King thought the power unnecessary.
" Mr. Wilson. It is necessary to prevent a State
from obstructing the public welfare.
"Mr. Wilson mentioned tho importance of facili-
tating by canals the communication with the western
settlements. , .... , . , ,.
" The motion being so modified as to admit a dis-
tinct question, specified and limited to the case of
canals, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and Georgia voted
for tho proposition ; JSew Hampshire, Massachusetts,
Conneetiout.Now Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, North
Carolina, and South Carolina, voted -No/'
A proposition "to grant letters of incorpora-
tion for canals" was decided in the negative
by the same vote, and the constitution theu
adopted provides that—
"The Congress shall exercise exclusive jurisdic-
tion over all places purchased by the consent of tho
State in which the same shall be for the erection 01
forts, m-igazines, arsenals, dock-yai*ds, and other
needful buildings."
Congress could not exereisa exclusive juris-
diction even over the District of Columbia
without the cession of Maryland and Virginia
The right to make a canal or railroad through
a State without the consent of the State carries
with it the right of exclusive jurisdiction over
the land occupied by the canal or road. Surely
if the Congress could not exercise exclusive
jurisdiction over the territory covered by the
capital, and without the consent or cession of
Maryland and Virginia, they cannot over the
territory occupied by railroads and canals
within the limits of a State without its consent.
James Madison, in his letter to Reginald
Chapman, January 6, 1831, volume four of his
" Writings," page 143, expressed a regret that
the Constitution "does not give the present
Congress power to construct canals," &e.,
and recommends an amendment to the Con-
stitution giving that power. That it was more
than once proposed to the convention of 1787
and rejected, from an apprehension chiefly that
it might prove an obstacle to the adoption of
the Constitution. Such an addition to the
Federal powers were thought to be strongly
recommenced by several considerations, and
among these cases where "canals might be
important in a national view, and not so in a
local view; cases where canals might pass
through sundry States and create a channel
and outlet for their foreign commerce. " And
in a letter to Edward Livingston, volume three,
page 435, he says :
"It is remarkable that Mr. Hamilton himself, the
strenuous patron of an expansive meaning to the
text of the Constitution, with the views of the con-
vention fresh in his memory, and in a report con-
tending for the most liberal rules of interpretation,
was obliged by his candor to admit that they could
not embrace the case of caEal3."
I need hardly say that the views of gentle-
men who advocate the passage of this and
kindred bills, in their construction of the con-
stitutional powers of Congress, are so far in
advance of that great champion of centraliza-
tion, Alexander Hamilton, as to "out-Herod
Herod."
The all-absorbing question in the convention
was, what State rights, what portion of State
sovereignty, shall be conceded to the General
Government? They decided by a solemn vote
that they would not yield the power to the
General Government either to construct or
charter companies to constructcanals, although
the amendment was advocated by the very
reasons now urged for the passage of this bill.
The members who advocate this bill say that
the convention did authorize this power. It
seems to me that the modern constructionist,
j with such evidence before him, stultifies him-
j self in his arguments on the construction of
! constitutional power. W hat is the Constitu-
\ tion but a solemn compact between the States,
1 the Federal Government, and the people ?
i What is an infraction of the Constitution by
. either of the contracting parties but a breach
of faith, a violation of the obligation of con-
i tracts? When will the nation learn that the
1 most insidious foe to the rights of the States
and liberties of the people is the advocate of
, constructive power—a foe more powerful than
| rebels in arms, more deadly than any other foe ?
1 When will the nation learn that laws passed by
1 the Legislature, "outside ot iuid above tlie
Constitution," that a mental reservation in the
oath of a member to support the Constitution
is only binding when it conies in conflict with
what he deems a "higher law, ' is perjury to
God and man ; and that God will hold nations
as well as individuals amenable to that highei
law" in relation to covenant-breakers.
This bill not only assumes the right to exer-
cise exclusive jurisdiction over the soil occu-
pied by its tracks, depots, and other buildings—
I say assumes, for the right of eminent domain
confers that jurisdiction—which is not ousted
by the fact that it has a provision giving power
to the State to tax (to a limited extent) its
property and franchises. We all know that
this bill is intended to establish a " system.
