1412
THE CO^GKESSIGKAL GLOBE.
February 20,
HOUSE BILLS IEBMKRE1).
The bill (H. R. No. 1803) making appropri-
ations for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 80, J867, and for other purposes,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
' The bill (H. R. No. 1987) to define felonies
and misdemeanors and regulate peremptory
challenges, was read twice by its title and
referred'to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (II. R. No. 1089) for the relief of
Peter KIcQough, collector of internal revenue
and disbursing agent twentieth district, Penn-
sylvania, was read twice by its title and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 4G0) in rela-
tion to the meeting of the House of Represent-
atives at the first session of the Forty-First
Congress was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table.
NATIONAL BANKING LAW.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate ths amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 440) sup-
plemental to an act entitled "An act to provide
a national currency secured by a pledge of
United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," approved
June 3,1864.
Mr. SH15RMAN. I move that the Senate
disagree to the amendment, and ask for a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. That bill
ought to be laid on the table and printed. It
is an entirely new bill, and I am opposed utterly
to leaving it to a committee of conference.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Senator
that there is but one section, the fourth section,
in which there is any material change.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to see that. It
makes a very important change in the law, and
it ought to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it lie on the table.
The amendment was ordered to be printed
and lie on the table.
TttNOltB Olf CIVIL OFKICKS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (I-I. R.
No. 1GWS) to repeal an act to regulate the
tenure of certain civil offices, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment of the Committee
on Retrenchment, to strike out all of the bill
after the enacting clause and insert the follow-
ing-.
That tho first section of the art ontitlcd "An act
rogulating the tenuis of certain civil offices," passed
March % ISO7, is hereby amended so ns to rc.id its fol-
lows: that every porson (excepting tho Secretaries
Qt Stato, of the Treasury, of Will', of tho Navy, and
of tho .Inferior, (bo Postmaster General, ami tho
Attorney General) holding any civil office to which
he has been appointed by ami wilh the advice and
eonsont of tho Senate, and evoiy person who shall
hereafter bo appointed to any such oiliee, and shall
bcopmo duly qualified to net therein, is and shall be
entitlofl to hold such office until a successor shall
havo been in like manner appointed and duly quali-
fied, except as herein otheiwiso provided.
St:o. 2. And be it further enacwd, That thosocond
ncotion of said aet is hereby amended so as to read as
toilows: that it shall bo lawhtl tor tho President,
whenever,during a recess of tho Senate, m his opin-
ion tho public good shall require it, to suspend any
ofEcev appointed as aforesaid, excepting jud'ges of
tboUnited States courts, and to designato somesuit-
ttblo person to peiform temporarily tho duties of
such office until the next meeting oi the Senate, and
until tho matter shall be acted upon by the Senate;
and such persons so designated shall take the oa, hs
anj give the bonds required by law to be taken and
given by the person duly appointed to fill such
Omee; and in case of such suspension it shall be the
duty of the President, within twenty days after the
hretaay of such next meeting of the Senate, to report
to the Senate such suspension, with the name of the
person so designated to perform the duties of such
olhce; and if the Senate shall concur in such sus-
pension, and advise and eonsont to the removal ot
such officer, they shall so certify to the President,
who may thereupon remove such officer, and, by and
with the advice and consent ot tho Senate, appoint
another person to such ofiieo; but if the Senate shall
reiuse to concur m such suspension the officer so
suspended shal forthwith resume the Junctions of
his oince, and the powers of the person so pcrtoim-
mg its duties in his stead shall cease; and the offi-
cial salary and emoluments of such officer shall
during such suspension belong to tho person so per-
forming the duties thereof and riot to the officer so
ausponded; Provided, however, That the President
may, in his discretion, before reporting such suspen-
sion to the Senate as above provided, revoke the
same, and reinstate such officer in the performance
of the duties of his office.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That no person
shall hold nor shall he receive salary or compensa-
tion for performing tho duties of more than one
office or place of trust or profit under the Constitu-
tion or laws of the United States at the same time,
whether such offtco or place be civil, military, or
naval; and any person holding any such office or
place who shall accept or hold anyotheT office or
place of trust orproiit under the Constitution orlaws
of the United States shalibe deemed to havo vacated
the office or place which he held at the time of such
acceptance.
Sec. And be it further, enacted, That nothing in
the foregoing section shall be construed to prevent
such designations or appointments of officers to per-
form temporarily the duties of other officers as are
or may be authorized by law. nor to prevent such
appointments or designations to office or duty as are
required by law to be made from the Army or Navy.
SfcO. 5. And be it further enacted, That the penalties
provided in tho aot to which this is an amendment
shall apply to violations of this act.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, in human
action anything is defended and justified by
proving it the best alternative of which the case
admits. If this be true of the tenure-of-office
act, those who supported and voted for it
ought perhaps to be spared the summary de-
nunciation with which it has sometimes been
visited. The other day a Senator character-
ized it, being, as it is, the twice recorded judg-
ment of two thirds of both Houses of Congress,
as "absurd." Whether it be absurd or not
may be gathered from a single page of history.
We need only recur to a brief passage now
nearly closed, a passage which crimsons the
reeord because it recounts an attempt, in the
interest of slavery and treason, to make bribes
of tho country's power and places and honors,
and to make merchandise of the iutcgrity of
the country's citizens—an attempt to employ
the purse of tho nation to advance and enrich
the nation's foes. Tho case in few words was
this: an edict went out to remove men from
office because they were Republicans, unless
they would deny and betray their political
faith. This shameless and oppressive proceed-
ing was adopted by one who had been trusted
by Republicans so near the Presidency that
assassination made him President. He was
surrounded by a Cabinet every member of
which was pledged to the faith, the measures,
and the men of the Republican party, and
every member of which, should he assert his
manhood or even remonstrate, might be dis-
missed by tho waive of a perfidious hand.
That all might, as some did, assert their man-
hood, was possible, at least if it were made
safe to lie inauly.
Had this been the whole case the imperfect
revelations of human judgment would have
sanctioned the arrest of such abuse by any
moans authorized by the Constitution and con-
sistent with tho general good. In the old
republics such a pollution of power to under-
mine tlstf virtue of tho citizen nnd seduce or
coerce htm was held a crime punishable with
death
But this was not the whole case. The wrong
went further—it was double-headed. First,
those who would forswear their convictions
and prostitute their opinions were retained in
place, and those who would not were driven
out; second, those notoriously unfit, even those
notoriously depraved, were put and kept in
places of honor and trust. So far had this
evil gone before Congress interposed that the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue testified
before a committee of the House that the in-
jury thus inllicted upon the revenues could be
measured only by millions. I heard, the other
day, a Senator affirm, and he is one whose
duties here turn his studies toward such knowl-
edge, that §100,000,000 would not reimburse
the loss to the Treasury arising from the wanton
exercise of the appointing power by the present
Administration.
it was to curb this licentiousness that Con-
gress deviled tho teuure-ol'-otfice act. I voted
for it, believing it un assertion of a half disused
but not doubtful design of the Constitution,
and, like the Senator from Wisconsin, I in-
sisted that its shield should eover Cabinet offi-
cers as well as lesser placemen. Was it a good
law ? It could not execute itself. Has man
ever made a law which could execute itself?
It could only forbid—it could not prevent its
own violation or evasion. Can any law do
more? It could not operate well when its exe-
cution was- intrusted to those determined to
nullify and frustrate it. Does this condemn
it? If it does, all laws before and since the
Decalogue deserve to be condemned. We are
told that Andrew Johnson has refused to sus-
pend bad men, and ha3 kept them in place,
and that though this is not owing to the law it
is made to appear so, and thus the people hold
Congress responsible for that masquerade of
fraud and theft and shame nicknamed "the
whisky ring." This suggestion would trouble
me if I knew nothing of the American people,
but the pretense is too flimsy, the subterfuge
is too transparent.
Sir, the American people know as well a3
you know that not the tenure-of-office act, but
the malignant spirit, the evil disposition, which
has neutralized and paralyzed other acts, and
inflicted upon the nation other and irreparable
injury, is also at the bottom of the thefts and
the frauds which have wasted the public rev-
enue, the thefts and the frauds which have
stalked high-headed in the public way, till jus-
tice stands humbled and baffled, if not abashed,
in the presence of criminals too great to be
punished.
W hat is the law, that any man should charge
it with standing in the way of administrative
reform ? During the session of the Senate it does
not operate atall upon the President. Itimposes,
at such times, not a feather's weight of fetter
upon theExecutiveliand; all that could legally
be done without the law can be done with the
law. It operates during the recess of the Sen-
ate. How? Simply to restrain arbitrary and
wicked favoritism and vengeance. If there be
ground for removing an officer, he may be in-
stantly removed or suspended, which for this
purpose is the same thing. Without the law a
successor commissioned during the recess of
the Senate could not continue in office beyond
the next session ot the Senate, except only by
its advice aud consent. This the Constitution
plainly says. So, and only so, it is under tho
law. What, then, is the impediment in the
President's way? Simply that he must havo
cause for removal, and must report that cause
to the Senate. This is all.
The alleged stumbling-blocks in the way of
free and prompt official discipline are all in the
second section of the act. I send it to the Sec-
retary, and ask him to read it.
The Secretary read as follows :
"Skc. 2. And be it further enacted. That when any
officer appointed as aforesaid, excepting judges of
the United States courts, shall, timing a recess of tho
Senate, ho shown by evidence satisfactory to tho
President, t« bo guilty of misconduct in office, or
crime, or for any reason shall become incapable or
legally disqualified to perforin its duties, in such
ease and in no other, the President may suspend
such officer and designate some suitable person to
peiform temporarily tho duties of such otlice until
the next mcetCng of the Senate, and until tho case
shall be acted upon by the Semite."
Mr. CONItLIXG. The operative wordsare
"shall be shown by evidence satisfactory to
the President to be guilty of misconduct in
office, or crime, or for any reason shall become
incapable or legally disqualified to perform its
duties."
This language fairly construed, it has been
argued—I will not say pretended—forbids the
removal of an officer unless upon inquiry con-
ducted like a judicial proceeding, and resting
upon formal and technical testimony sufficient
to sustain a conviction in court; and, in addi-
tion to the kind and strength of evidence re-
quired, it has been insisted that the charge
against the officer must be such as to offend
against some statute making it penal. 1 will
not stop to combat this by argument. I meet
it with a dental. I say it is sheer perversion,
the mere torture of language. Perhaps words
might have been chosen which would have
rendered such a construction still more ludi-
crously and perversely far fetched. This may
be, but can a seeker after truth blunder in find-
