1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
the gentleman from Maryland has alluded at
the instance of the business agent of the largest
express company in this country, who rep- I
resented to methatthey laboritnder the greatest I
possible embarrassment for the reason that, they
cannot get justice done them in the local courts,
arising out of the fact that the parties in inter-
est belong to that class from which the jurors
are selected. The remedy here provided is to
give the marshal of the United States the selec-
tion of jurors, and to enlarge the circle from
which they are drawn by the whole State or
the whole judicial district. That is the philos-
ophy of the amendment. It affords these carry-
ing companies abetter opportunity to get justice
than they now have under local organizations.
Mr. NIBLACIv. The objection I have to
this sort of legislation is that it is a practical
denial of justice to poor claimants. There is
a large class of cases which, under existing
laws can now be transferred to the United
States courts. When these cases are taken
from the State courts to the Federal courts a
largo majority of the plaintiffs, so far as my
observation has gone, are unable to follow their
cases to the Federal courts, and it, amounts to
their being compelled practically t.0 abandon
their suits. In most cases where Federal courts
are held they are remote from the residences
of those who are parties in these suits. It is
so in my Slate, where we have but one district,
and where the court is held at the capital.
Therefore to compel these parties to follow
their cases from the State courts to the Fed-
eral courts is, in effect, a practical denial of
justice.
Mr. WOODWARD. There is a real evil here
which ought to be remedied. These express
companies have had their property destroyed,
sometimes by rebels and sometimes by our
own Army, and where they are sued for the
recovery of this property they ought certainly
to have the opportunity of having a fair trial.
It, is proposed to secure this result by enlarg-
ing the circle of those from whom the jurors
are to be drawn, and by having the jurors
diawn by a marshal of the United States instead
of by a local sheriff.
Mr. BECK. I now ask the gentleman from
Maryland to yield to me.
Mr. THOMAS. How long does the gentle-
man desire?
Mr. BKCK. Five or ten minutes.
Mr. THOMAS. I yield to the gentleman
from Kentucky for that length of time.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, I objected to the
consideration ofthisbitlwhenit was first offered
by the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Tiiomas]
because I thought, then and think now that it
is an unnecessary and improper interference
with the jurisdiction of the courts of the several
States, and, whether designedly or not, the ten-
dency of all this class of legislation is to under-
mine the proper respect and influence which is
not only due to but ought to be encouraged
toward the State courts. The judicial power
of the United States is by the Constitution
limited to a very few classes of cases, a con-
troversy between the citizen of a State and a
corporation created by the Legislature of that
State not being one of them. This power was
so limited because the framers of that instru-
ment intended that the courts of the States
should be the dispensers of justice in all cases
between their own citizens and the corporations
of their own creation. The fact that this and
kindred powers were reserved to the fetutes was
urged by Mr. Hamilton and the other advocates
of a stroii"- Federal Government as the surest
bulwark against Federal encroachment on the
rights and powers of the States In the six-
teenth number of the Federalist Mr. Hamilton
says:
"There is on*} transcendent advantage belonging to
the province of Sutc governments winch .ilono suf-
fices to place the matter in a clear and s.«Ut actoi-y
light I mean the ordinary admiinstranon ol enm-
n fl and ™ Justice. This, of all others, is the most
powerful^most universal, and most attraottve^um
of popular obedience and attachment. It is this
which, being the immediate ™d vnuble «iiai(lian of
lifV <m<l m-oporty, having: its benefits, ana its terrors
in constant activity before the public eye, regulating
all those personal interests and familiar concerns to
■which the sensibility of individuate is more immedi-
ately awake, contributes more than any other cir-
cumstance to impress upon the minds of the people
affection, esteem, and reverence toward the Govern-
ment. This great current of society, which will dif-
fuse itself almost wholly through the channels of the
particular governments, independent of all other
causes of influence, would insure them so decided an
empiie ov< r their respective citizens as. to fender
them at all times a complete counterpoise ancUpot
unfrequent dangcrofts rivals to the power of tW
Union." ^
I know, Mr. Speaker, that, it has become
fashionable here to scoff and deride all attempts
to maintain or uphold State rights or State
authority, and we are constantly legislating as
though it was not ouly our right but our duty
to break down not only the political but the
judicial power of the States, reducing them to
the same relation toward the Federal Govern-
ment that the several counties in the States
bear to the States themselves. This bill is of
that class. The bill introduced in the Senate
the other day to establish and maintain, against
the will of the States, railroad corporations
starting at Washington and ramifying the coun-
try in all directions is another, and perhaps the
most dangerous yet suggested. The Niagara
canal—which 1 favored till I found it was lobe
opened and maintained through the State of
New York against the will and in spite of the
protest of the State—is another; all palpably
designed to convert, this Union of States, this
Republic of coequal sovereignties, into a great,
consolidated, centralized despotism, for it can
be nothing else when the local power and
authority of the several States are overthrown,
as we are now endeavoring to do.
And, sir, I confess the strangest thing to me
in all this strange transfoi mation of the Gov-
ernment is, that the statesmen uf New England
should assist in bringing it about; for it seems
to me that it must be obvious to the most com-
mon comprehension—to any school-boy who
can look ten years ahead with the map of the
country before him—that, population, com-
merce, and all the great channels of Asiatic
trade are marching, moving, and opening up
to the westward with a rapidity that astonishes
while it convinces the most casual observer
that the seat and center of empire will be in
the valley of the Mississippi before those of
us now in the prime of life are old men. What
will protect and preserve the six New England
States in their now almost omnipotent position
but their rights as Stales under the Oonstitu-
, tion? New" York has to-day over a million
more population than all six of them. _ Why
' should the three and a half millions of New
England have twelve Senators in these Halls
when the four and a half millions of New
, York have only two? Is that equality, is that
I impartial and equal representation Y it will be
I asked, and will New England, when the ques-
tion is pressed, shield heiself under the now
contemned claim of State rights and constitu-
tional guarantees? I would say of course
not, iff did not know that it makes a great
difference whose ox is gored. But it is urged
this is no new experiment, no dangerous pre-
cedent—it is a mere extension of the princi-
ples of former laws on this subject. ^ I do not
mean either to discuss or complain of the
former legislation in this class of cases; it
was, to say the least of it, of doubtful consti-
tntion&hty. The disturbed condition of the
!' countiv, the danger of the persecution ot indi-
! viduals while the passions of men were excited
i, by the events of the war, might, be pleaded in
extenuation, if not in justification, ot what
j would otherwise be unwise legislation; but to
' take advantage of it now and seek to extend
ji it to mere local corporations—soulless things,
j! the creatures and machinery of the States
II themselves, whose directors usually change
T once a year, so as to enable them w hen sued for
I negligence or willtul misconduct m their own
! .State"courts to transfer all proceedings to the
f Federal courts, situated perhaps hunureds ot
' miles from the venue of the offense cuarged,
j! is a simple denial of justice except to those
j| who are rich enough to enter into a contest
l! and measure purses with, perhaps, a mam-
moth corporation. I know and every man in
this House knows that the weak, poor, and
ignorant are bul too often denied justice by
their inability to pursue their rights through
all the vexations and delays of ordinary legal
proceeding against a rich and powerful adver-
sary, even under the most favorable circum-
stances, and it is unjust legislation that fosters
* and encourages expensive and protracted liti-
gation, as this bill evidently proposes. This
is an age of corporations and monopolies.
They are even now controlling courts, Legis-
latures and Congresses, and their power and
influence is increasing every day. 1 need not
instance the influence of such corporations as
the New York aud Pennsylvania Central roads,
the Union Pacific, and others, on the politics
as well as the legislation of the country. It
is enough to say that they are able to protect
themselves in any court, and that we ought
not further to deprive the poor and the hum-
ble from asserting just claims against them by
increasing the delay and cost of litigation.
Mr. THOMAS. I have formed opinions
upon the topics which the gentleman from
Kentucky seems disposed to bring up for re-
view before the House. I do not think the
present the proper occasion for the enunciation
of those opinions. I shall, therefore, forbear
to make the slightest response whatever. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wood-
ward] desires to say a few woids in relation to
this bill, and I yield the floor to him for five
minutes. 1 will then call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, if this
question was to be decided upon the principles
alluded to by the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beok] I sympathize so strongly with him
in those political doctrines that I would vote
against the hill as heartily as he would; but,
sir, 1 think he has mistaken the occasion to
which to apply the principles he has indicated.
These transportation companies are made up
of citizens of all the Slates; in point of fact,
they carry goods all over the United States,
and are common carriers for the whole coun-
try. Those composing them reside in different
States. Now, under the Constitution of the
United States, wherever litigation arises be-
tween citizens of different States the Federal
courts have jurisdiction. This bill is in exact
aacordanee with the theory of the Constitution,
in so far as the common carriers and the par-
ties suing them are citizens of different States,
as practically in almost all instances they are.
There is, then, no violation of State rights in
passing this bill, nor is there any slight upon
the State courts.
The complaint is not that the State courts do
not administer the law; the difficulty is that
jurors in State courts do not administer the
facts, and this is a proposition to select jurors
upon a somewhat more conservative and safe
principle than that which prevailsin the States,
and that is the whole of the bill. There may
be good reasons why llshouldnot pass. I do not
know how it would be with Indiana. The gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Nibiauk] said, if I
understood him correctly, that the State ot
Indiana is one district, and the Federal courts
remote from mostsuilors. The State of Penn-
sylvania is divided into two districts, and the
Federal courts are accessible to all our people.
They ought, to be so everywhere. I do not think
we should deny justice to men who have fosfc
goods by compelling them to go to the Federal
courts. We have compelled citizens to go to
the Federal courts to redress their personal
wrongs. Wc have a large number of statutes
| on our statute-book which authorize thereroo-
i val of cases from the State to the Federal courts,
! and no great inconvenience lias resulted from
! such legislation. I do not think the reasons
| for those statutes are stronger or better than the
' reasons for 'passing this hill. I do not think
I the removal of this class ot' cases from tliebtate
■ to the Federal courts is any more inconsistent
i with sound principles aud the Constitution than
! the removal of those other cases. I am sure,
1 from the testimony that I have had, that public
