1414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
ines in big own mind a removal from office,
and executes with a stroke of bis pen, as he
would without the law, a direction that one
roan shall go and another shall come to a given
place, and within twenty days after the next
meeting of the Senate he informs the Senate
simply of the fact without explanation or ad-
denda, What then? The Senate confirms or
refuses to confirm the action" of the President
just as it must do by the Constitution. What
is the distinction? None whatever, excepting
one which I will not overlook ; it may be one
the Senator has in mind. I read from the bill:
"If theSenate shall concur in such suspension, and
advise and consent io the removal of such officer,
they shall so certify to the President, who may there-
upon remove such officer, and, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, appoint another per-
son to such office."
And in order that the Senate may weigh the
full forec of this "provision, let me read it in
connection with the concluding words of the
section:
"Provided, however, Tbnt the President may, in
his discretion, before reporting such suspension to
the Senate as above provided, revoke the same, and
reinstate such officer in the performance of the duties
of his office."
Thus, then, the option is committed to the
President exclusively to remove during vaca-
tion, if he chooses, under the name of suspen-
sion, to send the mere fact to the Senate, and
then the Senate acts. What is its action ? Pre-
cisely that in substance which we cannot avoid
unless the Constitution itself is to be disre-
garded. But a certificate", a notice, is to be
sent to the President that the Senate has con-
firmed his suspension, and then a nomination
is to be made in the ordinary way. What can
be the argument against this? The argument
against the present law has been that the ex-
ecutive arm could not strike quick enough to
establish official discipline and accountability,
because official misconduct must be proved.
Sorely no such criticism applies here. Is it a
criticism of convenience? i submit there is
no loop to hang upon even then. With the
budgets of papers which go to and fro between
the Senate and the executive chamber these
notices also would go ; notices that the follow-
ing list of persons suspended had boon acted
upon, and their suspension concurred in; and
then formal nominations of the persons put in
position for the time being, or of other per-
sons, as the President would please, would
come to the Senate and be acted upon. In
efl'ect, as to the President of the United States,
the result is the same, with such a statute as is
now proposed, or in the absence of all enact-
ment on the subject. In either ease the whole
thing is virtually committed to the discretion
of the President of the United States. Is any-
thing more desirable or possible ?
Mr. MORTON. I wish to call the Senator's
attention to one or two questions on tliisamend-
roent, and right on the point which he is dis-
cussing. According to this amendment, the
person who is temporarily appointed to perform
the duties, and whose name is reported to the
Senate along with that of the person suspended,
is not thereby nominated to till the place per-
manently. The bill does not provide that that
notica of the person temporarily appointed is
a nomination to fill the office, under the terms
of this amendment. Therefore, the first ques-
tion for the Semite will be whether it will concur
in the suspension. If that is decided affirma-
tively, then it will be for the President to
nominate the successor. It is not the scope
and purpose of this amendment to make the
temporary appointment in the nature of a
nomination for the successorship. Therefore,
I call theSenator's attention to that point. His
argument is that is a mere matter of form, and
not of substance, by which the old existing
right would be substantially pursued. I submit
that it is in every form a question of trial for
the man suspended, and after that comes a
nomination for his successor.
Mr. CONK LING. The honorable Senator
must just at this point be acting as the next
friend of the Senate; his wish must be to guard
the Senate against some inconvenience which
he fears will fall upon it. Certainly his sug-
gestion implies no inconvenience to the Execu-
tive. The proceeding he describes may charge
us with a double duty; first, to pass separately
npon the suspension, and sccond, to pass
separately upon the confirmation of a suc-
cessor. Therefore, the Senator makes the sug-
gestion, I take it, from his care for the conven-
ience of the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir; it goes to the ques-
tion as to whether this is mere matter of form.
Yon argue that it is mere matter of form.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me answer the Sen-
ator further. Suppose the bill did provide, as
the Senator complains it does not, that the
person designated to fill this office as a locum
tenens might be confirmed by the Senate, the
provision would be in violation of the Consti-.
tution, because the Constitution says the Pres-
ident shall "nominate." If we were to say by
statute that when he had designated a man for
another and a different purpose we would treat
such designation as a nomination to us and pro-
ceed to confirm it, our act would bo worse than
an evasion of the Constitution.
Mr, MORTON. That is right against your
former argument.
Mr. CONKLINO. Why?
Mr. MORTON. Because you argued that
this bill so far was a mere matter of form, and
did not amount to anything in substance.
Mr. CONKLING. Not quite that. I have
not employed the language the Senator puts
in my month' now, and I will endeavor to con-
vince him on this point. I do not say it is mere
matter of form. I have not said that. I say
it is a matter of mode and of phraseology. The
President in one case sends a nomination.
What does that mean ? As the message says,
that A 13 is nominated in the place of C D, re-
moved. What does the Senate do ? By one act,
forconvenience, without any law on the subject,
the Senate passes upon the confirmation ; and
its action is held, if decided in the affirmative,
to recognize the removal of the man who is
gone, and to warrant the commission of the
man who is nominated.
Under this act, what will the proceeding be ?
Two votes by the Senate will be taken in place
of one. In parliamentary language, the statute
calls for a division of the question. In the first
placa, tho Senate will vote upon the question
of concurring in the suspension or removal, by
whichever name you choose to call it, ; and then
the President will be free to nominate, if he
pleases—not if the Senate pleases, but if he
pleases—the same man who has been put tem-
porarily in the place, or any other man ; and
upon that question separated from the other,
the Senate will vote. Should the honorable
Senator suggest that this would devolve upon
the Senate some inconvenience in theory, and
possibly in practice, E will agree with him.
Mr. MORTON. I did not say anything about
that.
Mr. CONKLING. L know the Senator did
not. I say if the Senator should make that
suggestion, I would agree with him.
But he tells me that his suggestion is rather
in the light of the freedom which the proposed
amendment gives or does not give to the Exec-
utive. I say to him again that I see no dis-
tinction in substance whatever. If the Pres-
ident may at any moment remove or suspend
an officer for no reason assigned, and by his
ipse dixit put any person in his place until the
next session of the Senate, then report to the
Senate, have the removal passed upon in one
vote and the fitness of the successor nominated
at his pleasure by another vote, while the Sen-
ate has two acts to perform, I cannot discover
the particular wherein this mode hampers the
President any more than he would be hampered
if he is to send a successor to the Senate and by
one vote the Senate cuts the knot and says the
person named shall or shall not replace the one
removed, if my honorable friend sees any
reason we know his capacity to state it. [
confess my inability to perceive it.
Mr. MORTON. As my friend from New
York is very amiable, and - rather asks me a
question on that point, I will say a word with
his permission. The argument of my friend
awhile ago was that this bill after all made no
substantial change ; that is to say, that it left to
General Grant the power of suspension when-
ever in his opinion the public good required
it. Now, sir, if it is to be determined by his
opinion of the public good, what, has the Sen-
ate got to pass upon ? If the Senate has got
to pass upon the correctness of his opinion,
then it does make a very material change ; but
if the Senator is right in his position, then the
amendment is in itself a sham and amounts to
nothing, or, as he says, it is a mere matter of
phraseology. Sir, the amendment is not a
sham; it is not a mere matter of phraseology.
The argument of the Senatoris to prove simply
that, after all, it does not, amount to anything.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I am
sure the honorable Senator from Indiana does
not mean to be ingenious at the expense of
facts which we understand alike. He now
presents the proposition that the amendment
of the committee requires the Senate to pass
upon the judgment ot the President, if I caught
his expression aright. Does the Senator mean
to deny that the Constitution itself requires
this unavoidably and specifically ? The Pres-
ident in vacation gives a temporary commis-
sion to' A B in the place of C L>, removed ; and
the Constitution says that that commission
shall turn to ashes unless the nomination is
sent to the Senate at its next session and
advised and consented to by the Senate. Does
the honorable Senator deny that when the
nomination comes to us with a message that
the Executive has removed A B and has ap-
pointed to that place C D, and submits the act
to the Senate for its advice and consent, the
Senate passes aud must pass judgment upon
tho act of the President and upon the discre-
tion supporting that act ? Of course the Sen-
ate passes upon the act of the President, as the
Constitution means it shall and must. Of
course the committee require the Senate so to
pass; and my argument is, that tho difference
between the Senator and myself is a difference
of mode ; practically, a difference between the
Senate passing upon the whole question by oue
vote and severing the question and express-
ing its judgment in two votes.
Mr. MORTON. Will my friend now allow
me to suggest the very point?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. Under the law as it stood
before this bill was passed the President re-
moved A B in vacation and appointed C D to
fill the vacancy. A B, however, was abso-
lutely removed. The Senate might refuse to
confirm C D, but that did not put A B back.
Under this bill the President suspends A B
and appoints C D to fill the vacancy tempo-
rarily. If the Senate refuses to confirm the
suspension that puts A B back. So it is not a
mere matter of phraseology, but it becomes a
substantive matter.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, Mr. President, the
Senator comes to an entirely different propo-
sition, one to which he hasnotadverted before;
and perhaps I may infer from the transition
he makes from one subject to another that
upon the former points he is disposed to be
satisfied. This, as 1 say, is a new suggestion.
Let us consider it. The President, in the first
place, may suspend an officer. He may at
any time he pleases, with or without cause,
revoke that suspension. Therefore the Presi-
dent may put back the same person whom he
removes. This option is absolute up to the
time that the Senate becomes party to the
proceeding. What next?
The Senator says, iu the case he supposes,
the Senate refuses to assent to the suspension
of A B, and that C D goes back. Very well.
Let us suppose for a moment that the law did
not exist at all in any form, what would the
result be ? The Senate rejects the confirmation.
What can the President do ? Can he proceed
to have anybody occupy that place? Not at
all; the Senate is in session; and he cannot,
grant a commission for one moment. On the
