4M
the congressional globe.
January 19,
convenience and public justice would be great ly
promoted by the passage of the bill which the
Senate has sent to us; and as at present in-
formed, and without controverting for a mo-
ment the principles advanced by the gentleman
from Kentucky, 1 shall vote for the bill.
Mr. THOMAS. I will change my purj5^e
and reiterate what I have said, as gentleme ^
intimate to me that a portion of the House have
net heard how very limited and peculiar the
provisions of'this bill are. The bill is by no
means comprehensive. It merely transfers
from the State courts to the Federal courts a
class of cases growing out of the late war and
occurring during the war. As was remarked
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
"Woodward,] the stock in these railroad com-
panies engaged as common carriers in the South
-is owned by citizens all over the Union, prin-
cipally in t.he northern and western States, and
when the cases come up for trial the local juries
in the South are aware of this fact and they
lean, perhaps unconsciously to themselves, to
the side of their neighbors, and in defiance of
well-established principles of law hold these
companies responsible for losses which have
occurred by the robbing of the express com-
panies by the officers aird soldiers of the Army
of the United States or by reason of the seizure
of articles in transitu by the armed enemies
of the Government. Now, I put it to the fair-
ness of the House if it is right to leave our citi-
zens, non-residents of the South, at the mercy
of local jurors ? I ask the House if it isfairand
right thatstockholders who have expended large
amounts of money for the convenience of the
public in the South, by the organization of ex-
press companies and railroad companies, shall
be held to trial in all cases before local and pre-
judiced juries ? We do not propose to transfer
theseeases to a foreign jurisdiction. We pro-
pose simply to transfer them to a jurisdiction in
which we ought all to have confidence. We
propose to transfer them to the courts of the
United States, where all will meet on common
ground, and where, as has been justly remarked
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Woobwabd,] the juries are drawn from a larger
area and are not supposed to be influenced by
those local prejudices andpredilections to which
I- have referred. Under the circumstances,
this bill having been fairly presented to the
House by gentlemen on both sides, I think I
am justified in now calling the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was upon concurring in the
amendment of the Senate; and being taken, it
was concurred in, upon a division—ayes 108,
noes 22,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment of the Sen-
ate was concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED ELECTIONS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
were the amendments of the Senate to House
bill No. 1558, to amend an act entitled "An
act to prescribe the mode of obtaining evi-
dences iu cases of contested elections," ap-
proved February 19, 1851.
The amendments of the Senate were to strike
out "register in bankruptcy" and to insert in
lieu thereof "notary public" in line one;
also in line two, to strike out "any" and to
insert iu lieu thereof the word "a."
, Mr. DAWES. I move that theamendments
of the Senate be non-concurred in, and that a
committee of conference be asked on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
Dawks, Mr. McKbk, and Mr. Ghanleii the
conferees ori the part of the House.
DISfiVfU PACIFIC RAILWAY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate/bill No. 570, for a grant of land
granting tj/io right of way over the public lauds
to the IMiver Pacific Railway and Telegraph
Company, and for other purposes ; which was
up, and read a first and second time,
e question was upon ordering the bill to be
rg&d the third time.
Mr. PRICE. The Committee on the Pacific
Railroad have had this bill informally under
consideration, and have instructed me to have
the bill put upon its passage and to offer the
amendment which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Add to the bill the following:
Sec. —. And be it farther enacted. That no subsidy
in bonds shall be issued under this act for a greater
length of road than fifty-four miles from the present
completed terminus of theroad. Andnothing herein
contained shall be so construed as to authorize the
said Eastern Division Company to operate or fix the
rates of tariff for the said Denver Pacific Railway
and Telegraph Company.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the
Chair if this bill can properly be considered
after the resolution passed yesterday on mo-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hol,-
man?] Does not that resolution preclude the
consideration of this bill ?
The SPEAKER. That is argument to be
addressed to the consideration of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. With the
consent of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Price,] I would like to have some understand-
ing in regard to this bill. There are several
gentlemen who desire to speak upon it, and I
am of that number. I have given this matter
a little attention, and would like to know how
long the debate upon it will be permitted to
run. I understand the gentleman does not
propose to call the previous question now, but
will allow the bill to be debated at some length.
During the debate I desire to have some time—
a half or three quarters of an hour, or perhaps
an hour.
Mr. PRICE. If the House is perfectly will-
ing that this debate shall run on for, say, four
hours, I shall have no objection. This being
the first bill under consideration involving the
question of subsidies to railways, either of
land or bonds, we may as well have the eon-
test on this bill as upon any other. I presume
there will be no objection on the part of the
House to let this discussion run for hours, a
great many hours probably, until this subject
has been fully and fairly discussed by every
gentleman on this floor who wishes to be heard
upon it. If it be in order to have such an
understanding at this time, this is probably the
best time to come to an understanding. I will
then ask that four hours be given for the dis-
cussion of this bill, at such time as may best
suit the convenience of the House.
TheSPEAKER. Should this bill be now
debated until the adjournment of to-day, and
the House adjourn upon it, it will come up
to-morrow as unfinished business immediately
after the reading of the Journal, and there will
be no morning hour.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope no arrange-
ment will be made by which the morning hour
will be interfered with.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Let there be unani-
mous consent, that if the bill goes over, it shall
come up again after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Towa
asks unanimous consent, that if the House
should adjourn upon the pending bill it shall
not come up to-morrow till after the morning
hour.
Mr. LYNCH. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
my friend from Maine [Mr. Lyxch] will with-
draw his objection. His bill is in such a posi-
tion that we can certainly reach it.
Mr. BARNES. If the gentleman from Maine
withdraws his objection I shall be compelled
to renew it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I sup-
pose, Mr. Speaker, it will be in the power of
the House to-morrow to postpone this bill till
after the morning hour. . ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair has ruled here-
tofore that the gentleman who may be iu the
possession of the floor when the House meets
may, if he chooses, yield for a motion to post-
pone the pending bill till after the morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, lflshould
have the floor I will yield for such a motion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. So will I.
Several Members. So will I. [Laughter.]
Mr. LYNCH. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. WELKER. I renew the objection.
Mr. BARNES. I am unwilling that any
bill should have preference over that of the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Lynch.]
The SPEAKER. If the House should ad-
journ upon the bill nowpending, it will remain
the unfinished business, and will in the morn-
ing have priority of all other business, includ-
ing the business of the morning hour.
Mr. BARNES. Upon the suggestion of gen-
tlemen around me, I withdraw my objection.
Mr. WELKER. I will withdraw my objec-
tion also if the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Price] will allow me to offer an amendment,
that it may be considered and discussed along
with the bill.
Mr. PRICE. I have no objection in the
world.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that it is ordered by unanimous consent that
if this bill be pending at the adjournment it
shall not come up to-morrow till after the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. WELKER. I offer the following amend-
ment, and ask that it be printed with the bill:
Strike out in section two. line six, after the word
"miles" the words, "which point shall be held and
construed under existing laws to be at or near Chey-
enne Wells in Colorado, and not farther west than
the meridian of said Wells."
The SPEAKER. This not being an amend-
ment to the pending amendment, it is not in
order under the rules; but if there is no objec-
tion it will be entertained, and will be ordered
to be printed.
There was no objection.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to know whether
it is in order for me to make a motion that this
bin be printed by to-morrow morning. It is a
very important bill.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the bill with the amendments which may be
pending at the adjournment will be ordered to
be printed.
There was no objection.
Mr. PRICE. I yield to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,] that ho may offer an
amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
amend by adding the following as a new section :
And be it further enacted, That all lands which may
be granted or conveyed under or by virtue of this
act or the acts relating to said railroad company,
shall be sold only to actual settlers in quantities not
exceeding one quarter section to any one person, and
at a price not exceeding $2 50 an acre; andtheSecre-
tary of the Interior shall have power to prescribe
rules and regulations lor carrying this section into
effect.
TheSPEAKER. This amendment, if there
be no objection, will be regarded as pending
as an amendment to the amendment, and will
be ordered to be printed.
There was no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I propose
that, by unanimous consent, all gentlemen who
desire to offer amendments may send them to
the Clerk's desk and have them printed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object.
Mr. PRICE. I yield to the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Julian-,] that he may offer an
amendment.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to amend by adding
to the first section the following:
Provided, That the lands granted and hereby ap-
plied to the Union Pacific railway, eastern diwxion,
and to the Denver Pacific railway from Cheyenne to
the point of intersection with the Union Pacific rail-
way shall bosold to actual settlers only, in quantities
not greater than one hundred and sixty acres to one
purchaser, and for a price not exceeding $2 50 per
acre.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to allow-
ing this amendment to be offered ?
Mr. BOYDEN. I object.
