1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
463
Mr. LOGAN. I have two amendments which
I desire to offer to this bill, and which I ask,
by unanimous consent, may be considered as
pending. I ask the Clerk to read them.
The Clerk read as follows:
Insert in line sis, after the word " Cheyenne,"sec-
tion one, the following:
That all lands heretofore granted to aid in the con-
struction of said road, along that portion now un-
finished, shall be subject to entry at the Government
Land Office at $2 50 per acre, tbo money to be de-
posited in the Treasury of the United States as a
sinking fund for the redemption or purchase of the
bonds of said company, so far as the same will pay
for or purchaso said bonds.
The second amendment is to add as follows:
That instead of an issue of the bonds of the^United
States the United States shall guaranty the interest
on the bond of the said railroad company to tho
amount of dollars per mile, and that m the event
of said company failing to pay said interest at any
time when due, the Government of the United States
shall have the right to take possession of the said
road, and shall use the same or dispose of it for the
protection of the Government and those holding
bonds of the same.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. PRICE. I now yield to the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. DELANO. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to be permitted to offer an amend-
ment to the last section of this bill in the nature
of a proviso so that it may be pending with the
other amendments which have been offered.
The Clerk read the proviso, as follows :
Provided. That no subsidy in bonds under this act
shall be issued to the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, oastern division, until said company shall fur-
nish evidence to the President of the United States
which satisfies him that said company will, within
 years from the passage of this act, complete
their road by way of Denver, forming a eonneotion
with the Union Pacific railroad near Cheyenne by
the shortest and most practicable route from the
point to which said road is already finished.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I should like to know
whether the bill is anywhere in sight after all
those amendments.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it is
at the Clerk's desk, and therefore in sight.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, as I have already
stated, I have reported this bill from the com-
mittee with certain amendments, and I shall
ask "for the action of the House upon it at the
earliest practicable moment. I do not propose
myself to consume more than a few moments
in its discussion. Now, two years ago, when
this Union Pacific railroad, eastern division,
asked to diverge from the line it was required
to follow by the original charter, I attempted
in this House to interpose objection; but the
previous question was called and seconded,
and I was unable to say one word in opposi-
tion to it. The House, to my utter astonish-
ment, suspended the rules by a two-thirds vote,
and allowed this road to go where it goes to-
day. I am opposed to this bill to-day, and
hope that it will not pass; but I am instructed
by the committee to which it was referred to
report it back to this House, and to^ move that
it be put on its passage. Still, while I report
it to the House, and move it be put on its pas-
sage, I want it to be distinctly understood that
I am opposed to it. I must say, however, in
justice to the bill, that there is at least one
good feature iu it. The men of Denver who
are building a connection with the Union
Pacific railroad, and doing it with their own
money, ask for the grant of lands to the Union
Pacific railroad, eastern division, for that pur
pose, but they do^ not ask for any subsidy,
The item of subsidy in the bill was placed
there in the Senate, as I am informed, and not
at the suggestion, of those interested in the
Denver road. It comes in as a sort of " double-
ender " A friend near me suggests that we
ought to take off one end. If we strike off the
subsidy this bill will then secure the construc-
tion of one hundred and ten miles of road
without a subsidy ; but as this bill does grant
a subsidy, it is in that respect exceedingly ol>
jectiouablc, and I am, therefore, of the opin-
ion that it ought not to pass.
In compliance with my promise I now yield
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, one of
my colleagues on the committee.
Mr. COVODE. As the gentleman from Illi-
nois wishes to be heard, I propose to yield to
him for that purpose; but before doing so there
is a question which I would like to have settled
as to who shall control this bill hereafter,
whether it shall be its friends or its enemies.
The chairman of the committee who has re-
ported the bill has given us full notice that he
intends to vote against it. I want to know
whether he yields the floor to me uncondi-
tionally or whether he still expects to control
the bill and to try to defeat it? Is he to carry
out the instructions of the committee and
endeavor to have the bill passed, or is he to
hold on to its control for the purpose of defeat-
ing it? That is a question which ought to be
settled at once.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer the
gentleman. By the parliamentary rule a bill
should be taken charge of by one of its friends.
The Chair was informed that the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad had instructed its chair-
man to take charge of this, and therefore he
recognized the gentleman from Iowa,^ [Mr.
Price.] The Chair will add that the bill not
having been reported from a committee, when
the hour of the gentleman from Iowa expires
he surrenders the floor and is not entitled to
an additional hour to close debate. The de-
bate, therefore, will go on in alternation as
long as the House sees fit to extend it; that
is, one speech for and one against the bill
alternately. Any gentleman in favor of the
bill obtaining the floor can demand the pre-
vious question, and any gentleman opposed to
it can move to lay it on the tabic while speaking
during his hour.
Mr. PRICE. It is proper and just to my-
self that I should say that I was aware, as I
presume every gentleman on the floor is aware,
that a bill is expected to be reported by its
friends, and taken charge of and advocated by
them. Now, my colleagues on the committee
will bear me testimony that I told tliem they
had better place the bill in charge of some
other member of tho committee, but at two
several times 011 different days the committee
said they preferred I should take charge of it,
just as I have done, and make my statement
just as I have done. There is no member of
the committee who will not corroborate my
statement.
Mr. COVODE. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Price] having surrendered the floor, I
now take it, and yield to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Washborxe.]
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Before the gentleman
from Illinois commences, I would like to krow
how the matter stands. Has the House fixed
four hours for debate on this bill?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Will notthe chairman
of the committee be entitled to one hour?
The SPEAKER. He will not; he has sur-
rendered the floor entirely.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Surrendered it to gen-
tlemen outside of the committee ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has the floor.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. As a member of the
committee I wish to be heard. #
Mr. COVODE. I think the time mentioned
was four hours.
The SPEAKER. No time was fixed by the
House. This bill is entitled to precedence to
the exclusion of all other business, except the
morning hour, until disposed of.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
be very thankful, Mr. Speaker, it X could ob-
tain the attention of members of the House to
a few remarks which I wish to submit upon this
subject. I know I trespass too often and too
long upon its attention, but I do it reluctantly,
and I never address the House unless I feel
impelled to do it under a sense of public duty.
The consideration of the bill before the House,
Mr. Speaker, opens up the whole discussion ot
the question of land grants and subsidies to
build railroads. In the observations I pro-
pose to submit it will be impossible for me to
analyze the legislation of Congress upon this
subject for the past fifteen or eighteen years.
I must therefore content myself by simply call-
ing the attention of the House to the fact that
nearly one third of the entire public domain
has been made over to the control of railroad
corporations. The number of acres granted
for railroad purposes is estimated at one hun-
dred and eighty-five millions. At the mini-
mum price for the public land, $1 25 an acre,
this amounts to more than two hundred and
thirty-one million dollars. But this is by no
meansthe real value of the lands gran ted away-
While a very considerable portion of this land
may not be really wortli the minimum price of
the Government, taking it altogether itis.worth
a great deal more. A great deal of it is worth
$2 50 an acre. A less quantity, though a very
large quantity, is worth five dollars an acre.
Tens of millions are worth ten dollars an acre,
and millions are worth from ten to twenty dol-
lars an acre. It is therefore not an overesti-
mate to say that the value of public land voted
away by Congress in the last eighteen years
has not been less than $500,000,000. And
as to the quantity of lands conveyed by these
grants I ask the attention of the House to one
of the reports of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office. He says it "is of empire
extent, exceeding in the aggregate by more
than five million acres the entire areas of the
six New England States added to the surface
of New York, New Jersey, 'Pennsylvania. Ohio,
Delaware, Maryland, and Virginia." He says
the grants to the Pacific railway lines alone
"are within about a fourth of being twice the
uuited area of England, Scotland, Wales, Ire-
land, Guernsey, Jersey, the Isle of Man, and
the islands of (he British seas, and within less
than a tenth of being equal to the French empire
proper."
This extraordinary statement must startle the
American people, if it do not arouse their in-
tensest indignation. And this is in addition
to the untold millions of subsidies, to which I
shall hereafter refer. When it is contemplated
that this empire of tho public laud goes into
the hands of gigantic corporations controlled
by men thousands of miles away, who have
neither interest nor sympathy with the people
in the States and Territories where the land lies,
and when yon contemplate the vast power of
these non-resident landholders, the overshad-
owing land monopoly created, the evils and
oppressions always connected therewith, we
must all be filled with amazement at the reck-
less and shameless legislation of Congress on
this subject. I do not myself claim full exemp-
tion from blame in this regard, for I voted i<?r
some of the earlier bills. But when I saw the
use that was being made of these grants, the
brazen greed of speculators who obtained pos-
session of them to use for their own interests,
regardless of the public interests; when Hooked
beyond the present and saw looming up in the
future the evils,_ the abuses, the corruptions,
and the oppressions which would come out of
these grants, my views in regard to the whole
policy of land grants were very material iv modi-
fied. And only a small band of members of
tins House resisted the passage of the act of
July, 1864, amending the original Pacific rail-
road law—an act which swept away all the rights
the Government had reserved to itself in the
original bill, which subordinated its prior lien
on theroadto a railroad company; an act which
I have heretofore denounced in this House, and
one which will stand out in history as being
more infamous than any act ever passed by any
legislative body in the annals of the world. I
say this deliberately. For under and by virtue
of the provisions of that act the report of Jesse^
L. Williams, esq., the Government director ot
the Union Pacific Railroad Company, shows the
following state of facts: that the entire length
of the road will be eleven hundred and ten miles,
and that the Government subsidy in bonds lor
that distance at par amounts to $29,50-4,000,
an average per mile of §26,580. Ihecomjiany s
first mortgage bonds are estimated at ninety
