1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1415
contrary, in that event the President and the
office are absolutely subjected to the behest of
the Senate alone. Does this provision make
the case any more disadvantageous to the Pres-
ident? The Senator says the old incumbent
would resume. Yes, sir ; and tire moment the
Senate should adjourn the President could re-
move him again. So that in the two cases
the President at the same moment would be
clothed with the power of appointment. Why?
Because in the one case, without the law, the
office must Stand vacaBt until the Senate con-
firms an appointment or adjourns; and in the
other case, the moment the session is at an
end the President can dismiss the incumbent
und substitute for him during the whole vaca-
tion, which is as long as his action could last
in any case, any successor he pleases. If the
Senator is really trying to find substantial re-
spects in which this bill hampers the Execu-
tive I submit to him he must try again. I do
not think the incident last pointed out amounts
to an incumbrance at all. On the contrary, it
is simply a suggestion that pending the time
between a rejection by the Senate of his act
in suspending and a confirmation by the Sen-
ate the office would be filled by the old incum-
bent ; whereas without this law the office would
stand vacant. This is the only distinction.
Does it fetter the Executive? Does it look to
a want of official discipline? Does it come
within any of the arguments or declamations
to which we have listened touching the tenure
of civil office? My mind is not microscopic
enough to see it.
Mr. President, I have detained the Senate
much longer than I intended in the discussion
of this measure.
Mr. MORTON. I beg the Senator's pardon
for interrupting him.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the honorable
Senator not to do so. His prolongation of my
remarks has been an infliction upon the Senate,
not upon me. and I will endeavor in very brief
space to conclude all I wish to say.
Like the Senator from Indiana, I would re-
move from the path of the incoming Adminis-
tration every obstacle. I wish to leave the
President-elect free to the full and useful ex-
ercise of the good judgment and good qualities
which weall ascribe to him. Atthesametime
I tvjh, and particularly unless some motive,
some practical inducement to the contrary can
foe presented, to preserve the consistency of
the Senate, to preserve the position which the
Senate has maintained >in the last and most
dire exigency known in onr jurisprudence, to
the end that at once we may observe all the
considerations entitled to respect and preser-
vation. The honorable Senator from Indiana
thinks that considerations of one nature should
yield to considerations wholly -of a different
nature. If he -can show me that this amend-
ment obstructs the way to administrative re-
form, then I will consiiW at least whether all
the elements to which i have adverted should
not be subordinated to the particular object
now in view.
But, if it be true, as I believe it is, that the
amendment before us restoresto the President
or confers upon him all the authority, all the
freedom, all the discretion in practice and
effect which the Constitution allows, then, as
1 say, I prefer that the mode of conferring that
freedom should be found in some way consist-
ent with and observant of the convictions
which great majorities of both Houses have
solemnly recorded as to the spirit and the re-
quirements of the Constitution. My reflection
upon the subject has convinced me that the
modification proposed is sufficient, and at the
same time that it does preserve not as a sham,
as the Senator said, not as a mere matter of
form, but in theory of law and constitutional
observance the spirit ot the Constitution in
this regard. So believing, I shall vote for it
cheerfully, unless in the mean time some Sen-
ator is able to-point out considerations which
have not occurred to me, and which conflict
with its usefulness and the freedom it will give.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I do not
rise to enter upon the discussion of this ques-
tion at length, but to state rather the opinions
which I entertain, and, in the briefest possible
form, some of the reasons for those opinions.
The great question whether under the Consti-
tution of the United States the President has
the power of removal is by no means a novel
question. It arose in the beginning of the
Government. It was settled after an animated
debate; settled, it is true, by the casting vote
of Vice President Adams, of Massachusetts.
As it was settled, however, it remained as the
law of the Government and the action of the
Government down to the passage of the bill
which is now proposed to be repealed or to be
modified. It is true that once in our history
the question was raised again and seriously
debated in the Senate of the United States in
the days of the giants, when Webster and Cal-
houn and Clay and Benton and Wright and
such men occupied these seats; and although
it was urged that some limitation should be
plaeed on the power of the President to remove
at pleasure, it was, after all that great discus-
sion, finally conceded that the power of removal
was in the President. The courts have recog-
nized it as being there, and such has been the
construction by Congress and by all the Depart-
ments of the Government for three quarters
of a century; and in my judgment it was a
great mistake when Congress undertook to dis-
turb what was the settled construction of the
Constitution.
But, sir, I shall not enter upon the discus-
sion of that question. It has been exhausted
in all its views. I wish rather to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to some of the practical
operations of the new doctrine that the Presi-
dent has not the power of removal, but that
he must appear before the Senate of the United
States as a prosecutor and bring the officers of
his appointment to trial and judgment before
the Senate before the removal can take place ;
for that is the substance ofthe bill which passed
two years ago, and that in substance is retained
in the present bill proposed as a modification.
Now, sir, what has been our experience?
We are the only body in this country that has
ever had any experience upon the question. I
submit that the judgment of the Senate must
unanimously be that the attempt to place the
President in the position of a prosecutor before
he can remove men from office, to bring these
men to trial before the Senate and show cause
why they should be removed, to have those
alleged causes considered, and to have the
judgment of the Senate passed upon them,
involving the character of the officer and his
right to the office, is a thing almost impracti-
cable to be carried out. What is the effect?
A man occupies an office as a collector of rev-
enue, if you please. The President suspends
him, and'sends in notice of his suspension to the
Senate. It would be strange, indeed, if that
officer should have 110 friend in the Congress
of the United States. If he has a friend in
the House of Representatives, that friend ap-
peals at once to the sympathies, it may be, of
the Senator who represents his State. The
question comes before the Senate. This man's
character is involved. This is a prosecution,
it is alleged, to put him outof office for cause,
not at the pleasure of the President, not for
political reasons, not because the President
prefers another man to execute the duties of
his office, which, if it were allowed to go into
effect, would produce no bad result upon the
character of the individual, but it is in the
nature of a prosecution against the officer to
dismiss him for some reason. Vt' hat is that
reason? What are the reasons for which a
man should be displaced from office, if you are
to go into that subject? Some maladminis-
tration, some fraud, some dishonesty, some
incapability, some cause which must be alleged
and must be proved. The case must go be-
fore a committee; the facts must be exam-
ined and reported to the Senate; the question
must then be discussed in the Senate in execu-
tive session; the judgment of this body must-
be called upon; and when they pass on the
question whether the man •Ought to be removed
for cause, they pass on his character as a man.
They bring him to trial, and' the Case conies to
trial and to judgment; nnd the decision of the
Senate o« the question of removal is, a de-
cision which is to blast the character of the
individual forever. . The attempt cannot be
made to remove him for cause witlieirt bring-
ing before the Senate all those considerations
which are brought before a conrtwheni a mjin
is placed on trial to be subjected to la penalty;
to be made substantially incapable of holding
an office, in the judgment of the Senate ofthe
United States, for cause alleged, agriinst him.
If the thing were to he- entered upon, and
every case of removal were to be tried by the
Senate where the person was suspended for
alleged cause, it would be practically impossi-
ble for the Senate of the United States to pass
on all these cases. We know that these dis-
cussions take place in executive session. These
executive sessions ordinarily occur late in the
day, after the ordinary legislative business is
passed. 'We know that any person in executive
session who is very much for or against a
proposition by discussing it may ordinarily
postpone the executive session until it comes
to an end ; and the case is either not to be con-
sidered at all or a hasty judgment is to be
rendered, and the man's character it may be
destroyed forever by consenting to Bis removal
for cause. The thing is impracticable.
I admit that there are two sides to this great
question, and arguments may be made showing
that it is not wise to leave in the President of
the United States the absolute power of re-
moval from office. That power may be abused.
I will not say that that power has not been
abused. All power in human hands is liable
to abuse; but the power must be lodged some-
where. In my judgment, practically, it is bet-
ter to leave the power of removal in the hands
of the President of the United States, where,
in my opinion, the Constitution left it, and
where by the construction of the Constitution
for eighty years it was left. Practically, in the
administration of the Government the Presi-
dent may remove men for political reasons
simply, and for no others; but if he does so,
it does not involve the character of the indi-
vidual. We know, too, that very often, aside
from all political considerations, the executive
department may have a suspicion that a man
is not a proper man to execute the duties of
an office to which he has been appointed, and
yet not have the evidence to prove it. When
the President comes before the Senate alleging
that he has cause for the removal of an officer,
he must prove it; he must bring to the Senate
some species of testimony. The executive
department may not be always prepared to do.
that, and yet may feel morally certain that the
man should be removed. Give to the Presi-
dent the absolute power of removal, and when
he comes to appoint a successor let the char-
acter of the successor, if there is any objection
to it, be discussed in the Senate, and let him
be rejected. It seems to me that in the prac-
tical operation of the Government there is less
danger of abuse in leaving the responsibility
upon the President of the United States than
there is in changing this whole mode of opera-
tion in the removal from office into a trial of
the incumbent upon charges against him; for
it is substantially that or it means nothing at all.
I know that with the changes of adminis-
trations many officers have been removed for
political reasons only during the last twenty-
five or thirty years, and perhaps always, more
or less, since the beginning of the Govern-
ment; but such removals did not involve the
character of the persons removed. The power
of removal gives to the President the control
over the administration, and the President is
the person whom we hold responsible.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to ask him what the removal of an officer
does involve?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. By the President?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes._ Does it involve
some reason, or removal without any reason?
