1869.j
APPENDIX TO THE (JOIN1 U-BESSIOJSfAL GLOBE.
40tii Coxg....3  Sess,
241
Uniform Svffrage—Mr. Blackburn.
Ho. of Keps.
magnanimous and generous American citizen ;
and such he was in the true and practical
sense.
Only a few days more and my noble friend
and able and honored colleague slept with his
fathers. He died suddenly of acute brain fever.
But a man of his magnanimity of sqjiI and
his honesty and purity of impulse and aspira-
tion could not have been taken wholly bv sur-
prise, and ushered into the presence of his
God and Maker totally unprepared and unpro-
vided. He was of that class who, to some
degree at least, are always prepared; and with-
out assuming to speak or judge as to the future,
I can bat feel that the friends and relatives of
James Manx should not mourn his death in
the sense and feeling indulged by those who
mourn without hope. God has not willed that
the generous and noble and good should be
finally and forever lost. Such characters may
die suddenly, and with scarcely a moment's
warning; but they cannot fail to die "in hope
of that eternal lite which God, that cannot lie,
promised before the world began." They may
sleep for a season, and perhaps suffer beyond
the tomb; but if creation is not a mockery,
they shall arise and live again in renewed
life and increased beauty and immortal happi-
ness.
But, turning in sorrow and mourning from
the tomb of the departed, it is natural, and
perhaps of more avail and utility, to sympa-
thize and condole with the bereaved and af-
flicted. Our honorable and honored departed
friend has left an afflicted family, a bereaved
wife and orphaned children, to weep over his
tomb and bewail his death ; and it becomes
our duty to at least sympathize and condole
with them. Those of us who have wives and
children, and who have lost friends and kin-
dred, will not need much special instruction
to direct us aright in this matter. We shall
instinctively know how to mourn with those
who mourn and weep with those who weep.
Nor is this unmanly or a sign of weakness;
but on the contrary we shall iind that after all
our earthly efforts for honors and greatness, it
is in the domestic circle and the private walks
of life that are exhibited the noblest traits
of exalted manliness and true womanhood
What the outside world may see and know but
little of, and at which it may scoff if it does
know, God in his wisdom and goodness has
promised the most highly and specially to re-
ward. David never appeared so majestic and
grand, and so much like a man after God's
own heart, as when prostrate in prayer and
sackcloth for his sick and dying child ; Joseph
never seemed so manly as when lie stepped
aside in silence and unseen to drop a tear of
joy at being told that his younger brother still
lived ; nor was the meek and devoted Rachel
ever half so lovely as when weeping for her
children, and refusing to be comforted because
thev were not!
Hence, we may well pause for a moment
aud extend the poor boon of sympathy and
condolence to the bereaved family of our de-
parted member and friend ; while we drop
upon his untimely tomb one tear of sincere
sorrow aud regret.
Uniform Suffrage.
SPEECH OP HON. W. J. BLACKBURN,
of louisiana,
Is thk House of Representatives,
January 30, I860,
Pending the proposed constitutional amendment
making suffrago uniform throughout the United
States.
Mr. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, the
proposition pending the action of the House
is one of such deep interest—I may say gigan-
tic importance—that I deem it but fair and
proper that every State of the Union having
40tii Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 1G.
representation on this floor should be heard,
and through as many voices as time and occa-
sion will allow.^ And it is with this view and
under this feeling that I ask a few moments
indulgence while I attempt to drop a few prac-
tical, common-sense hints, without aiming to
enter in to anything like a theoretical and nicely
systematic argument; but what I say shall be
addressed to the plain and unsophisticated un-
derstanding and honest heart of the country.
And what is it that we now propose to do?
If I understand correctly it is simply to recom-
mend a constitutional provision protecting all
free and qualified citizens in their natural right
of franchise, and to makethe statusofthis right
uniform and national. I take it that the ab-
stract question of the utility of granting to cer-
tain classified portions of the community the
exercise of the elective franchise is not in-
volved or to be discussed in this issue, but
rather that the question of granting to freemen
in a tree country the right to vote is conceded,
upon the common-law principles of right and
of public safety, as according more strictly with
the theory and purposes of republican govern-
ment. And the plain, practical question be-
fore us is simply whether this natural right
under free republican institutions shall be
nationalized.
Now, sir, as a southern man, living in a
locality where this idea of nationalizing suf-
frage has been enforced, has been taken from
the State authorities and regulated by the na-
tional Government, I would be in favor of this
proposed amendment if for no other reason or
feeling than a desire tp give to others what they
have given to me. If it is good, I would, as a
just and generous man, naturally desire that
those who gave it me should have it also ; and
if it is bad I could not do less, as a man of
spirit, with a proper self-respect and resent-
ment, than thrust it back upon those who thrust
it upon me. But I favor this measure upon a
higher ground than this. Conceding the propo-
sition that all freemen in a free country aud
under a truly republican form of government
cannot with safely to the healthy condition of
the body-politic be deprived of the exercise
of the franchise for any reason or ground short
of felony, I am willing to see the right of this
exercise dignified with a national guarantee. I
am unwilling to see it remain subservient to
the whims and caprices of local and sectional
prejudices.
Sir, what has occasioned in this land so much
fraternal bloodshed and civil commotion? I
answer briefly but pointedly, the narrow-con-
tracted heresy of State sovereignty over the
national will; that unpatriotic idea in our poli-
tics which would dim and tarnish the luster and
glory of our national renown with the flickering
shadow of State pride and sectional prejudice.
This heresy was beaten into the dust of hu-
mility by the hard implements of war in the
patriotic hands of those who loved their whole
country more than they loved any particular
section or locality thereof. But there are those
in the land, and some of them do not live in
the "late rebellious States," who would even
now revive this fatal delusion. And the great
trouble is, the advocates of this idea of sec-
tionalizing and localizing the full measure of
freedom under our beautiful system and theory
of government are men not exactly ignorant,
in the rsal and vulgar sense and meaning of
the term, but they are evidently resting under
and actuated by the lowest and most stupid
order of prejudice—a prejudice which our pa-
triotic forefathers who framed and put into
motion our system of government scorned to
notice, much less exercise—a prejudice against
a man because of the color of his skin ; and
they seem so oblivious to all which the idea of
a free republican government means as to be
willing to deprive a man of his right of self-
protection simply and solely because of this
color of the cuticle! For the eternal cry and
leading '" argument" with these men is and has
been the everlasting and inevitable "negro!"
When a slave he was their hobby ; and now
that he is free they ride him still! And the
fact thathe has been freed against their will and
in direct opposition to their cherished idea of
sectionalization as against the national safety,
they are none the less forward ; they run after
him still, and hunt him down as their game, as a
hound would chase a hare! These men feign a
hatred or dislike to the black man in politics,
when the truth is but for the negro as a bone
of contention in the politics of this country the
so-called Democracy would have no watch-
word, no slogan cry. The party would die for
the want of humbuggery to feed upon. They
could no longer cry aloud against the poor,
unoffending negro in public, and then, after he is
enfranchised by the Republican party, kneel to
him in private for political power, while the
hypocritical howl of "negro equality " gurgles
from their very decent throats! Othello's occu-
pation would be gone with the disappearance of
the last African from this land, and modern
Democracy would die a natural death.
Mr. Speaker, it seems to me that it is part
of the mission of the Republican party to see
to it that the march of free institutions and the
consummation of real and practical liberty shall
not be retarded in this laud. It is the mission
of the Republican party to see that the Gov-
ernment shall have a new and accelerated im-
petus under the new order of things, and be
firmly organized and adjusted upon the idea of
a great and overpowering nationality. If we
are to give heed and give way to sectional
prejudices and State pride, and allow the
course of justice and of liberty to be turned
and directed alone by an educated but baibar-
ous proscription against color and caste, then
the late war will have to be fought over again
before treason against freedom is put down.
I confess, sir, that this question of suffrage
is one which suggests many intricate and very
delicate points, especially as involving negro
suffrage j aud au intelligent citizen of a free
country, if he desires to maintain and retain
his freedom for the future and perpetuate free
institutions, will not approach such a question
hastily, much less will he be influenced in his
views and action by classified and sectional
hates and prejudices.
The greatest source of strife in this matter
seems to be a fear of social equality and a per-
sonal mixing up and commingling of the races ;
but if we view the question calmly and in the
light of history and common sense we shall see
that this fear is both unfounded and unmanly.
We shall find in history that the noblest and
greatest statesmen this country ever produced
deemed it no personal disgrace nor political
humiliation to vote at the same poll with " free
negroes and if we consult the dictates of com-
mon sense we shall be taught that true manhood,
like true virtue in woman, is its own best pro-
tector, and needs no special immunity or class
legislation to sustain and protect it against
outside pressure and the encroachments of
menial and unworthy association. It is folly
to assume and a burlesque to manhood and per-
sonal decency to contend that because a citi-
zen is your equal before the law and at the
ballot-box he is therefore your equal and
must needs be your associate in the social
circle.
Gentlemen who make such assumption know
nothing practical of the negro character and
display but a poor appreciation of the instincts
of the white man, and I must think have
studied but scatteringly and comprehend but
illy the genius and tendency of free republican
institutions. The negro in the South is already
as thoroughly and completely enfranchised as
written law can make him : and 1 can very
plainly tell northern gentlemen that there is in
the South to-day less of personal equality and
social intercourse between the races than in the
days of slavery. And I can assure them further
that there was always in the South, both pre-
