1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
ing that in any change or amendment of the
Constitution which Congress may propose to
extend or regulate suffrage there shall be no
distinction between men and women ; which
were referred to the Committee ontheJudi-
cia ry.
>lr. SAWYER presented the petition of Cecil
U. Neil, surveyor of the port of Charleston,
South Carolina, praying that lie may be allowed
a stated salary instead of fees; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ANTHONY presented resolutions of
the Providence Board of Trade, in favor of the
bill introduced in the House of Representatives
by Mr. Jem;kks providing for competitive
examinations and for appointments to office
of only those found qualified for the duties
thereof 5 which was referred to the joint select
Committee on Retrenchment.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Kansas, praying that women be granted the
right of suffrage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of
sugar refiners of Philadelphia, with reasons for
a new classification of sugars for tariff pur-
poses ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented a petition of sugar refiners
of Philadelphia asking for a new classifica-
tion of sugars for tariff purposes; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented memorials of citizens of
New York, Maine, and Massachusetts, remon-
strating against any further increase of the
duty on imported steel; which were referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORGAN. I also present the petition
of L. G. Tillaston & Co., in which they state
that they are manufacturers and deal exten-
sively in telegraphic materials, having one
branch of their business in the city of New
York and another in the city of Chicago, and
are largely interested in the prosperity and
success of American manufacturers and me-
chanics engaged in preparing these materials
for t'tie market. They remonstrate against the
passage of the bill now pending to give the
privilege to import these telegraphic materials
free of duty. They ask that that portion of
the bill may be stricken out. f move tiiat
the petition be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE presented resolutions of the
Chamber of Commerce of Milwaukee, ^ isoon-
sin, against the further extension of the section
of the bankrupt law known as the fifty per cent,
provision; which were referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Finance. _
He also presented resolutions of the Cham-
ber of Commerce, of Milwaukee, Wisconsin,
asking the appointment of commissioners to
locate a canal around the Fails of Niagara;
which were referred to the Committee 011 j
Commerce. . i
lie also presented a petition of Fisk Mills,
asking the examination and adoption of his
group of statuary representing the '-Emancipa-
tion of Slavery," for the pediment of the south
wing of the Capitol; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. SUMNER presented a remonstrance of
citizens of Boston against the Senate resolu-
tion direction; the Postmaster General to con-
tract with the Commercial Navigation Com-
pany for the conveyance of all the United
States mails to Europe, and authorizing the
company to sab-let the service ; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
reports of committees.
Mr. ViCKERS, from the Committee 011 the
District of Columbia, reported a bill (S. No.
808} to arch Tiber creek north of Pennsylvania
avenue : which was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading. .
Mr. HARLAN, from the OomraiUee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
tfce bill (S. No. 74G) relating to judicial pro-
ceedings in the District of Columbia, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Charles
Blunter, a captain in the United States Navy,
praying pay from the 22d of June, 1803, to
21st of June, 1866, being the time intervening
between his dismissal from the service by a
court-martial and his being restored to com-
mand by act of Congress, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs; which was agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 809) granting land to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Sioux City, Iowa, to
Columbus, Nebraska; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 810) to regulate elections in Washington
and Idaho Territories ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories, and ordered to be piinted.
Mr.WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
811) to provide for the reduction of the mili-
tary forces, and for other purposes ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 812)
to reorganize the grades of general officers of
the Army; which was read tvviceby its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROBERTSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 813) to extend the jurisdiction of the Court
of Claims ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
I Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
I consent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
| No. 814) to incorporate the Cosmopolitan Fire
and Marine Insurance Company of Washing-
! ton, District of Columbia; which was read
i twice bv its title, referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
! printing of an amendment.
! Mr. FERRY". I ask leave to present an
' amendment which I propose to offer to the bill
(S. No. G77) to punish the crime of holding
office in violation of the fourteenth article ot
the Constitution, which I move be printed and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
comm1ttke service.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I ask to
be excused from further service as a member
of the Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
central branch pacific railroad.
Mr. POMEROY. If the morning business
is over, I move to proceed to the consideration
of Senate bill No. 25fi, the bill which we un- ,
del-took to take up last night, but the Senate j
adjourned while the question was pending about 1
, taking it up- , . ,  
| Mr? EDMUNDS. Let us have the title of
| the bill read. .
i The Chief Clerk. It is a bill (S. No. 2o0) {
! relating to the Central Branch U nion i. acific j
! Railroad Company. I
i Mr EDMUNDS. Mr. President— j
! Mr. SHERMAN. Do you wish to speak on j
that question? . '
; Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir ; I want to test
; the question as to whether this bill shall be
; taken up, or the resolution I referred to last
night; and I renew the motion tnat 1 made
■ last night to amend this motion by substituting
j "Senate joint resolution No. 60'' for the title
I of the bill named, in order that the Senate may
determine whether they will proceed with the
bill referred to by the Senator from Kansas or
the joint resolution referred to by me os the
only method I have to get the sense of the Sen-
ate as to whether they are willing to consider
that resolution or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. The question of the order
of business has now become a question of
primary importance. We have about, thirty-
five working days of this session left, during
which we must, go through the ceremonies ot
counting the votes given in the presidential
election. No very important bill of a general
character has been acted upon at this session.
All the appropriation bills are yet to be dis-
posed of. A constitutional amendment lias
been submitted to us which, I believeit will •
be the sense of the Senate, must be disposed
of. There are at least two bills from the Com-
mittee on Finance to which we think we can
reasonably ask the attention of the Senate on
account of their importance. There is also a
bill from the select committee in regard to
railroads on which there ought to be a vote.
Now, it docs seem to me that for the Senate
of the United States to take up this bill which
was discussed at the last session at such great
length without any conclusion, and to spend a
portion of the time of this session on such a meas-
ure to promote private interests,_ not for any
grave consideration of public policy or affect-
ing the general interests of the country, is to
waste our time, especially in the face of the
resolution now made public by the House ol
Representatives, that no subsidies will be
granted by the House. It seems to me that
under these circumstances to take up this bill,
even if Senators should be in favor of it,
would be to waste important time.
I have already given notice, and I intend to
present the question to the Senate, that on
next Monday I shall move to take up the bill
reported by the Committee on Finance in
regard to the public debt and the currency ;
and in the mean time there are quite a number
of bills that 1 know ought to be pressed. The
question of the constitutional amendment, it
seems to me, ought to be considered and urged
at this session. If we intend to pass it it ought,
to be passed its sooti as possible; and I think
it is duo to the country and due to the Senate
that we should for once in the history of the
Senate have a vote 011 the question ot whether
we shall allow any more railroad facilities to
and from the city of Washington. Ihavebeen
watching from day to day for some time past
for any moment, of time when it would be m
order to move to take up that bill with a view
of getting the vote of the Senate 011 th&t im-
portant question. I do not think it is exactly
right that that question, which exciteBAO mu0*J
interest here in the city ot Washington, and
so much interest in different parts of the coun-
try, should never have reached a vote in the
Senate. . .
I make these general observations to explain
the reasons why 1 shall not, vote to take up the
bill now referred to, which is a mere bill grant-
ing a subsidy to a railroad in the State ot Kan-
sas; nor shall I vote to take up at present J,he
resolution proposed by the Senator from V er-
mont, because it does not present a question
of practical legislation which is immediately
of pressing importance. *'Sullieientunto the
dav is the evil thereof.'' Certainly this private
bill ought not to be taken up now.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator is very kind;
he will vote for his own bill, but be will not
vote for anybody else''si .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state the question. The rirst motion made
was that of the Senator from Kansas, to take
1 up Senate bill No. 250. The Senator from
! Vermont moves to amend that motion by sub-
stituting for the bill proposed to be taken up
another bill. , . , ,, ,
Mr. POMEROY". I do not think that can
be done. As a question of order I thinK the
Senator from Vermont will not. press that.
. Mr. HOWARD. I make the point of order
! on the motion of the Senator from \ermont
