1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
40th CoxG....oi) sess.
Extension of Boundaries—Mr. Hooper.
Ho. op Reps.
step of the ox giving an opportunity for labor jj winter seasons from disease and accidents in-
while die train was in motion. Thereare now
in Utah hundreds of yards of goods for which
the material was spun and which were woven
daring that journey. Every means was utilized
to the utmost; even the faithful cow gave her
strength in the yoke, and furnished milk at
night for the sustenance of the children she
had drawn during the day.
Such, sir, are some of the incidents con-
nected with the planting of this colony which
is now sought to be legislated out of existence.
The calumnies charging the Mormons with
idleness, immorality, and disloyalty are all
refuted by the facts of history. The first print-
ing-press ever taken west of the Missouri river
was established by them at Independence in
1832. The first newspaper in the great basin
of the Salt lake, where now there are three,
and I believe the first in San Francisco, were
published by the Mormons. The first United
States flag unfurled in the great interior, save
by Government officials, was raised by Mor-
mons. Well do I know the spot where the first
•'liberty pole" was raised, and from the top
of which floated the stars and stripes, while
yet the country was known as Mexican terri-
tory. In obedience to Mormon love of law
and order and of the institutions of our conn
eident to a long journey. When the strangers
became rested and were able to proceed they
exchanged their broken-down stock for fresh
animals, recruited their supply of breadstuffs,
and having improved their health by a free use
of vegetables, went on their way rejoicing.
Captain Stansbury, who spent a year among
the Mormons while engaged on the Government
survey of the Great Salt lake in 1849-50, in
his report gives the following frank testimony
to the character and dealings of the people:
" In their dealings with the crowds of emigrants
that passed through their city the Mormons were fair
anil upright, taking no advantage of the necessitous
condition of many if not most of them. They soid
them such provisions as they could spare at moderate
prices, and such as they themselves paid in their
dealings with each other. In the whole of our inter-
course with them, which lasted rather more than a
year, I cannot refer to a single instance of fraud or
extortion to which any of the party was subjected;
and I strongly incline to the opinion that the charges
that have been preferred against them in this respect
arose either from interested misrepresentation or
erroneous information. 1 certainly never experienced
anything like it in my own case, nor did I witness or
hear of any instance of it in the case of others while
Iresided amongthem. Toomanythatpassedtnrough
their settlement were disposed to disregard their claim
to the land they occupied, to ridicule the municipal
regulations of their city, and to trespass wantonly
upon their rights. Sueh offenders were promptly
arrested by the authorities, made to payaseverefme.
   7. -• . 1; and 111 some instances were imprisoned or made to
try one of their first acts alter reaching their iaiJOr 011 the lmhlicworks; a punishmentrichlymer-
new home was to meet in convention and form !1 ited and which would have been inflicted upon them
new home was to meet m conv
a local government and send a Delegate over
three thousand miles to Washington, and ask
the parent Government to extend her protect-
ing care over them.*
Ju regard to the Christian temper of the Mor-
mons during the infancy of this colony there
is also indisputable evidence. The year 1849
blessed the new settlement with an abundant
harvest, amply sufficient, with strict economy,
for its wants, besides something to spare to the
many California immigrants who crowded the
plains during that season in their march to the
Pacific shores and whose lack of experience
in any civilized community. In short, these peopl8
presented the appearance of a quiet, orderly, indus-
trious, and well-orgauized sojioty, ns much so as one
■would meet with in any city of the Union, having the
rights of personal property as perfectly defined and
as religiously respectcd as with our&clves; nothing
being further from their faith or practice than the
spirit of communism, which has been most errone-
ously supposed to prevail among them. The main
peculiarity of the people consists in their religious
tenets, the form and extent of their church govern-
ment. (which is a theocracy,) and in the nature espe-
cially of their domestic relations."
A few %vords of evidence may not be amiss
in regard to the orderly character of the Mor-
mons and their capacity for self-government,
had caused much sickness and great loss of ji especially when the witness is one suspected
stock. Multitudes fell by the way-side, and tllp whom he de-
many of those who succeeded in reaching the
great half-way house,'' as they styled Salt
Lake City, were sadly in need of rest, medical
treatment,' and good nursing. The ill-health
of mauv forced them to remain there for a tirne,
and numerous lives were saved by the careful
watching and tender nursing of some good old
mother by the bed-side of the suffering stranger.
For several years Salt Lake City was more or
less a hospital for emigrants during the fall and
~ Extract from a discourse delivered by Daniel ; under the shadow of a name. They levy
II Wells, one of tile prominent dignitaries of the tntes, raise an.l equip troops for protec
     l! 60veiL.i,,„ty on the soil iliey helped to conquer first
Mormonehureh, on the occasion ot the fourth aniii-
versary of the entrance of the Mormons into tno
valiey of the Great Salt lake: .
"It has been tlioucht by some that this people,
abused, maltreated, insulted, robbed, plundered,
mui dered, and finally disfranchised and expatriateu,
would naturally feel reluctant to again unite their
destiny with the American Republic. " " ;
* •' >,To wonder that it was thought by some taat
we would not again submit ourselves (even while we
wore yet scorned and ridiculed) to return to our alle-
giance to our country. Remember thatit was by the act
of ournative country, notours, that we were expatu-
ated, and then consider the opportunity we had ot
forming other tiei. Let this pass while we hit the veil
and show the policy which dictated us. That country,
that Constitution, those institutions were alt ours;
they are still curs. Our fatheiswere heroes of the
Revolution. Under the master-spirit of an Adams,
a Jefferson, and a Washington, tbey declared and
maintained their independence, and under the guid-
ance of the spirit of truth they fulfilled their mission
whereunto they were sent irom tho presence M the
Father. Because demagogues have arisen and seized
the reins of power should we relinquish our interest
in that country made dear to us by every tie ot
association and consanguinity ?" *  
" Those who have indulged such sentiments concern-
ing us have not read Alormonism aright, tor never,
110 never will we desert our country's cause; never
will we be found arrayed by the side of her enemies,
although she herself may cherish them in her own
bosom. Although she mayJaunch both the thunder-
bolts of war which may return and spend their iuiy
upon her own head, never, no, never, will we permit
the weakness of human nature to triumph over our
love of country, our devotion to her institutions
handed down to us by her honored sires, made dear
by a thousand tender recollections.
of no partiality for the people whom he de
scribes. Lieutenant (xurmisonj speaking of the
same period, says ;
"We found them in IS-iO organized into aStatewjth
all the" order of legislative, judicial, and executive
officers regularly filled under a constitution emi-
nently republican in sentiment and tolerant m re-
ligion ; and though the authority of Congress has not
yet sanctioned this form of government, presented
and petitioned for, they proceed with ail the routine
of an organized self-governing people under the title
of a Territory, they being satisfied to abide their
time in accession* of strength by numbers, when they
may be deemed fit to take a sovereign position, being
contented so long as allowed to enjoy the substance i
- - - - ,-y and collect '
ection in full
and subdue to uso afterward.
! Gunnison also adds his testimony to that of j
I others in regard to the fair dealing of the peo-
| pie, and says that food "was sold to the gold
I emigrants at a less price than at Fort Laramie,
i four hundred miles nearer to the States."
i The progress of the colony was what you
| might expect from such a beginning. In 18-50
| there was not a shingle roof in Salt Lake City,
now containing nearly twenty thousand inhab-
itants. with splendid churches, theaters, dwell-
ings, and business houses. It is a remarkable
fact, too, that most of the fortunes which were
realized in Utah in mercantile pursuits pre-
vious to 1803 were made by those who were not
Mormons; while I have never known of a farm
being opened, a mill built, and scarcely a house j
erected by any but those of that faith. Thus
it is shown that to the Mormons belongs the
credit of redeeming from the complete sterility
in which they found it the now magnificent
valleys of Salt Lake. The population other
than Mormon has never, in my opinion, ex-
ceeded two and a half per cent of the whole.
The fact that a very large proportion of our
people are of foreign birth is one that should
give us favor in the eyes of the Government.
\Ye have expended over 85,000,000 in the pro-
motion of immigration from foreign lands.
While many of the States operate special ma-
chinery at considerable expense for the pur-
pose of bringing foreign immigration within
their limits, the whole country is sensitively
alive to the importance of this means of in-
creasing its power. With an immense area of
virgin soil and all our wonderful resources,
nothing is so essential to the nation as abun-
dant labor. Now, the Mormons have not only
materially swelled the aggregate of immigra-
tion, but they have created a system of man-
agement which is already famous for its excel-
lence, and has attracted the attention of the
British Government and caused the examina-
tion of our agent in England by a patliament-
ary commission, in order to learn the means
by which we have so successfully transported
our tens of thousands from the one continent
to the other. Verily, a prophet is not without
honor save in his own country.
I have alluded to the Indian policy of the
Mormons and its excellent effect; and as the
Indian question has become one which excites
the anxiety of the whole country I must be par-
doned for pointing with justifiable pride to
results which show the wisdom of their leaders
in this respect to be far in excess practically of
that of our neighbors. We have acted on the
principle that it is cheaper to feed these savages
than to fight them ; and the Indians have per-
mitted the passage'of the Mormon trains with-
out the loss of a life or of a dollar's worth of
goods. The first loss ever sustained was of
property on the railroad since its construction.
Compared with the Indian troubles of other
sections those of Utah have been trivial. The
whole expenditure of the United States on
account of Indian wars there has been but
$75,000, while millions on millions have been
spent all about us without accomplishing any
durable peace. These expenses too would have
been much greater but for the supplies of food
and forage drawn from our settlements at nom-
inal prices.
Another material advantage derived by the
country at large from the existence of our col-
ony is the great assistance it has rendered in
the settlement of the surrounding region._ It
will need 110 detailed statement to convince
gentlemen of the immense aid rendered by such
a colony in such a wilderness to the peopling
of the adjacent Territories and to tlie success
of enterprises like the overland mail, the tele-
graph, and the Pacific railroad. It is not too
much to say that had the colony of Utah had
no existence these enterprises must of neces-
sity have been retarded for years longer, and
might even yet be only dreams of the future.
And yet. notwithstanding our value to the
country, it has always been a matterof extreme
difficulty to obtain the ordinary legislation
needed to protect our industry and property,
it is only within a year that we have been able
to secure an extension of the public land sys-
tem over our Territory, a delay which has pre-
vented us from availing ourselves of the liberal
preemption and homestead laws enjoyed in the
States and other Territories. We have borne
these harsh and unjust discriminations with
patience ; but they deepen our disappointment
at the attempts now made to impose upon us
still greater hardships.
It is proper that 1 should now allude to the
accusation that the people of Utah do not suffi-
ciently honor the courts of justice. This state-
ment is the exact reverse of truth. A well-
regulated and impartial judiciary is regarded
as the very foundation of civil government, and
Utah has her system of territorial courts as
well as those of the General Government. The
error may have grown out of the fact that
Mormons, in the settlement of disputes, pre-
fer arbitration to litigation as being quicker
and cheaper. The courts, however, are always
open to those who prefer suits at law, and the
judgments of these courts are respected and
enforced. That Utah contains some bad men
