1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
469
of that. If the proposition falls all amend-
ments fall with it, of course. If the propo-
sition stands or is revived, then the amend-
ments stand or are revived with it. But, as I
have said, it is of no consequence practically
as to this particular question which way the
point shall be decided, except that it be decided
rightly according to law, and be entered in the
Journal as an, ultimate decision which shall
settle the practice, not only for this question,
but for all subsequent questions of the kind.
Whatever the Senate choose to do I shall be
entirely satisfied with, because I shall suppose
that their wisdom will have determined it for
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will say a word on the
question before the Senate. Assuming that
there is no rule by which this question can be
determined, that it is altogether to be regarded
as a matter of practice, then I am clear in the
opinion that the proposition made by the Sen-
ator from Vermont ought to be rejected. I
tliiuk it ought to be rejected for the reason that
if an amendment such as he has proposed can
be entertained it will lead to a great consump-
tion of time, and invariably one proposition
will be antagonized with another and the merits
of the respective propositions will more or less
be discussed upon a mere question to proceed
to the consideration of business. I think the
better practice would be to allow a proposition
to stand or fall on its own merits. If the Senate
is disposed to take up a bill, when a motion is
made to proceed to its consideration let the
Senate determine whether it will or will not
adopt the motion; but to allow another prop-
osition to be made as a substitute, and then
to allow another to be made, and so pile up
one proposition upon another, it seems to me
would lead to inextricable confusion and to
great consumption of time. In nine cases out
often, when a proposition like that made by the
Senator from Kansas is before the Senate it
can be disposed of, and perhaps disposed of
upon its merits, before the question can be set-
tled as to whether that or another proposition
antagonized against it shall be taken up and
considered; and for that reason 1 shall vote to
sustain the decision of the Chair, because 1 want
to see that practice established, if it is not
already the settled usage of the Senate.
Mr. FRELINGllUYSEN. Mr. President,
I think the Chair ought to be sustained in this
ruling, for a reason which, I think, has not
been stated exactly. The question of every
motion to proceed to business is priority, pre-
cedence; but if ,the rule is adopted that such
a motion can be amended, then the Senator
who keeps his seat instead of the one who gets
the floor is most likely to get the precedence,
the one who is most sedentary, he who offers
the second amendment, will really have the
priority, which certainly cannot be the course
of business. There is some advantage in hav-
ing the floor; it has always been considered
so : and that advantage is to have the priority
of motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the Senate?
The question being put, was decided in the
affirmative. _
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, t he ques-
tion now is on taking up the bill mentioned by
the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, is that
question open to discussion ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to say, in
three minutes or less, what perhaps it is not
necessary to remind the Senate of, that the
reason why I am opposed to taking up this
proposition is that I think we ought in prefer-
ence to proceed to the consideration of the
subject to which I have referred. It is a sub-
ject that has been here as long as the Central
Branch subject has been. It is one that the
people of" the country have taken quite as much
interest in. It is one that I believe they take
an interest in still; one that ought to be acted
upon ; one that we cannot escape action upon
in some form, in my judgment, before we at-
tempt to improve in any large degree the public
credit; and therefore I have called the atten-
tion of the Senate to this subject in order that
I may understand from their action whether
they artj^efisposed to consider it or not. If the
motioj^' of the Senator from Kansas is not
adored, if 1 can get the floor 1 shall move to
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
to which I have referred.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, the resolution
of the Senator from Vermont being antago-
nized to the motion made by the Senator from
Kansas, I feel bound by considerations of pub-
lic duty to vote against taking up the bill pro-
posed by the Senator from Kansas at this time,
in order that the grave public necessities which
demand the consideration of the Senate upon
the resolution of the Senator from Vermont
may be properly attended to by this body.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Kansas.
Mr. HOWARD called for the yeas and nays:
and they were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. As the question has to be
decided by yeas and nays, I desire to say
briefly that 1 am very much in favor of the
proposition of the Senator from Vermont. 1
long for an opportunity to vote for it. I am
also in favor of the proposition which was
alluded to a moment ago by the Senator from
Ohio; but I do not know why, because I am
in favor of these propositions, I should vote to
displace practically an important measure of
equity, much debated in this Chamber, on
which most of the Senators, if not all, have
already arrived at an opinion; indeed, most,
have already expressed themselves upon it. 1
do not see why I should vote practically to
displace that when the Senator from Kansas
lias a motion pending before us to proceed to
its consideration. I cannot vote against pro-
ceeding with its consideration. much as i desire
to proceed to the consideration of the other
measure.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 think that Senators do
not remember the precis*.' circumstances under
which the Senator from Vermont, for himself
and for the Senator from Kentucky, appeals to
the Senate. Some time ago, when wo had
under consideration a bill to which the Senator
from Kentucky desired to offer an amendment,
because lie wished to express his views on that
I point, the Senator from Vermont appealed to
| him to postpone his amendment, and stated
that he might move it on the resolution which
the Senator from Vermont now desires to take
up ; and there was a general understanding all
over the Senate that if the Senator from Ken-
tucky would yield and allow us to go on with
the business wo were then anxious to dispose
of he should have an opportunity to express
himself on that question. It is to give him and
1 to give the Senator from Vermont an opportu-
! nity to make their remarks that the Senator
j from Vermont now appeals to the Senate. I
1 think that the courtesies and the customs of the
\ Senate point directly to the resolution of the
i Senator from Vermont, and that he and the
Senator from Kentucky ought to be allowed to
express their views upon it.
Mr. DOOLIT TLE. A remark fell from the
honorable Senator from Connecticut which ar-
rested my attention when he said that this mo-
tion is antagonized against some other motion.
I do not understand that at all ; and the very
reason of the rule which has been so well ex-
plained by the honorable Senator from Illinois
and the honorable Senator from Oregon is that
when a motion is made to take up business it
is to come up on its own merits, not antago-
nized with or against any other measure ; and
that is the reason why you cannot move to
amend a motion to take up a bill by proposing
to take up some other business and thus pro-
duce an antagonism, for to antagonize two
measures one against another would prevent a
vote on the merits of one.
A remark which fell from the honorable
Senator from Rhode Island also arrested my
attention somewhat. When he spoke of allow-
ing the Senator from Kentucky to speak upon
the important matter to which he referred the
question arose in my mind which Senator
from Kentucky. If he refers to my honorable
friend who now sits in his seat on the left [Mr.
Davis] I think that Senator from Kentucky is
so used to the discussion of parliamentary ques-
tions that it is not a matter of importance to
him whether he shall obtain the floor to-day
or to-morrow or the next day to speak, for
he is always at home on the floor whenever he
undertakes to speak. Had it been the other
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. McCrkhry,]
who took his seat in the body but a short time
ago, if he had, as a special favor, requested the
floor for this occasion, I might, perhaps, as a
matter of courtesy to a new Senator coming
into the Senate, feci .somewhat constrained by
the remark of my honorable friend from Rhode
Island. But I think on the whole we had bet-
ter just vote on this question, Will the Senate
take up this bill or not? If we desire U> do it
let us do it: if not, take up something else and
proceed with business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to correct a mis-
! apprehension that possibly the Senate may
! have received from what my friend from Rhode
island said. 1 do not ask lhe Senate to take
up the resolution to which I have referred as
a matter of mere courtesy to me, or to refuse
to take up the Central Branch bill for that
reason. I do not, expeet to make a disserta-
tion upon the subject of the resolution which
has agitated the public. It is not my object.
1 shall expect, if the Senate is inclined to take
it up and consider it at all, to submit a few
observations, which, so far as I am capable,
will be in the nature of argument rather than
in the nature of a set speech. What my friend
from Rhode Island has said as to the Senator
from Kentucky is correct; that did happen
which he has stated.
Now, 1 wish to say one word in reply to the
Senator from Massachusetts, lie says that to
vote against taking up this railroad proposi-
tion is displacing a proposition that is already
up, iri order to consider another measure that
Uie Senator professes, sincerely I have no doubt,
to he m favor of. Have wo, then, by the con-
struction of the rules reached the point that
the business of the Senate is to be regu-
lated by the accidental circumstance of who
catches the eye of the Chair first, and that a
motion to take up a bill is as good as a vote
to take it up? That is the effect of his prop-
osition. He says it is displacing the business
proposed by the Senator from Kansas for us
to refuse to take it up as if he had acquired
any right to have it taken up or to have it
acted upon because lie was more fortunate
than myself in catching the eye of the Chair.
1 think that is a proposition which we cannot
agree to.
Mr. DAVIS. I am very much obliged to the
kindness of honorable Senators for the desire
expressed by them that the courtesies of the
Senate should be extended to me. 1, however,
will say that I will not regard it as at all dis-
courteous in the Senate toward me if they take
up any business whatever. I am willing to
accommodate myself to the disposition and
pleasure of the Senate in relation to the public
business before the body.
j The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of' the Senator trom
Kansas.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
1 resulted—yeas 2'2, nays'22; as follows:
| YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Cragm, Dwolittle,
Drake, Harlan. Howard, Nvo, Patterson of Tennes-
see, Pomeroy. Pool, Rice, Robertson, ltos", Sp.wjer,
^mailer, Xtnwer, Xrninball, Van Wmkle, Wade,
! \Voicv, una \V iLui[—J-i.
X.\ V Abbott, Anthony, Oattell, Oonk-
lin^, jja. Ui.vin, Kdmu id.-. Ferry, Vrehiwh a>>en,
; ilowe, Kelh>^,aInljoun!d, Murrain, IMorriU of Ver~
\ mont., Morton, .Norton, Snerniai, Stewart, Viekcrs,
j "Warner. Whytc, and Williauu—
i AUriE^i 1'—Mrasrs. Bayard, Backalew, Cameron,
