1422
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Mr. BROOMALL. I submit the following
resolutions:
Resolved, That all further proceedings under the
call be dispensed with, and the Committee oil Ac-
counts be authorized to audit and allow to thefeer-
geant-at-Arms a sum sufficient to reimburse to him
his actual and necessary expenses incurred in pro-
curing the attendance of members under the call,
provided that the sum shall not exceed the legal fees
and mileage. .
Resolved. That all fines and costs imposed upon
absentees during the call of the House be remitted.
My object in. offering these resolutions i_s to
get rid of this matter in the shortest possible
way, with the least possible expense, and in
all other respects in the same manner in which
the tiling has always resulted heretofore. No
costs and fines that were ever imposed upon
members of Congress for non-attendance and
for being brought in by the Sergeant-at-Arms
ever yet, asfarasl have been able to ascertain,
have been paid in a single instance. The thing
runs on usually two, three, orfour weeks, when
a resolution is offered in somefitof good humor
on the part of the House to remit ail the fines,
and it is invariably done, and the result is that
the Committee on Accounts is called upon to
allow the Sergeant-at-Arrus the regular fees
allowed by law in the case. Now, as there is
no use in our talking about collecting these
fines from members, judging from the past, and
as the regular fees would amount to more, in a
case like that which occurred last night, than
the Sergeant-at-Arms necessarily expended in
procuring theattendance of members, and as he
himself, upon consultation with me in drawing
the first resolution, has expressed himself sat-
isfied with the actual expenses short of the
necessary lees, I propose, first, to pass the first
resolution. That will bring us precisely where
we will be in the end, except that it will save
probably forty or fifty dollars to the contingent
iund of the House.
The second resolution proposes to remit the
fines already imposed. They numbered, I
think, but two. In all the rest of the cases
the members wore excused. These two might
hi well bo put in the same category now as to
be put in it one or two weeks hence, as they
most certainly will be.
Mr. COBB. I desire to ask the gentleman
a quest ion. If this resolution is adopted will
not I he record of the Clerk of the House, which
becomes one of our public documents, being
printed and bound, show that the Sergeant-at-
Arms was paidby_ him so much money for the
arrest and procuring of the attendance of each
member by name? Is not that the custom and
will not that be the result uuder the gentle-
man's resolution?
Mr. BROOMALL. That, as I understand,
is the case. I will add that tho object we had
in view last night was to prevent the absence
of a quorum at any time during the remaining
days of the session, and I have no doubt that
objcct is answered, so that the time spent last
night was well spent, though it was an uncom-
fortable time to many of us. The names of the
absentees appearing in the Globe will consti-
tute a much bettor guard against their being
absent again than any fines we may impose
upon them. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to lay the whole
subject on the table.
The SPEAKER. As the resolution opens
with the words "Jiesolved, That all further pro-
ceedings under the call of the House be dis-
pensed with," if it should be laid on the table
that will dispense with all further proceedings.
Mr. BROOMALL. But it will not save to
the Treasury the money I propose to save.
Mr. RANDALL. You do not propose to
save but thirty dollars.
The SPEAKER, The gentlemen at the bar
of the House of course cannot vote on this
question.
On laying the resolution on the table there
were—ayes 39, noes 74.
Mr. RANDALL. I demand tellers.
Mr. GRA.VELY. I wish to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. I wish to know how it will
be about a quorum voting on this resolution ?
There was no quorum last night.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks tho gen-
tleman can answer that question as well as
himself, from the fact that many members are
now in their seats who were not present last
evening till a quorum was obtained, and others
are present who were excused from attendance
or granted leave of absence. A mathematical
calculation can be made by anybody.
Tellers were refused.
The question recurred on seconding the pre-
vious question.
Mr. JUDD. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania a question.
Mr. BROOMALL. I have no objection to
hearing any amendment the gentleman may
propose, but I do not .think I will accept it.
Mr. BANKS. I object to debate.
Mr. BROOMALL. I withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. JUDD. Under the gentleman's reso-
lution it is provided that the Sergeant-at-Arms
shall be allowed his actual expenses not ex-
ceeding his legal fees. I ask how much those
legal fees are ? I know that one call cost the
House $577.
Mr. BROOMALL. The legal fees are fixed
at two or two dollars and a half a man.
The SPEAKER. Two dollars.
Mr. BROOMALL. Two or two dollars and
a half, I do not know which. I am told it is
$3 20 per man." It is set forth in the Digest,
however. My resolution provides that it shall
not exceed that. I hope that the resolutions
will pass without further opposition. I renew
the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions will be
voted on separately.
The question recurred on the first resolu-
tion.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
72. noes 39.
So the first resolution was adopted.
The question next recurred on the second
resolution.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
eighty-nine, noes not counted.
So the second resolution was adopted.
Mr. BROOMALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolutions were adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. nOLMAN, from tho Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and joint resolu-
tions of the following titles ; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 281) for the relief of
Edwin B. Hoag:
An act (H. R. No. 1519) to restrict and regu-
late the franking privilege;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 120) in regard
to the publication of postal conventions made
with foreign countries; and
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 458) granting the
consent of Congress provided for in section ten
of the act incorporating the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company, approved July 2, 1864.
CONTESTED ELECTION NEff JIEX1C0.
Mr. PETTIS. I now call the previous
question on the report of the Committee of
Elections.
The previous question was seconded aud the
main question ordered.
PETElt Jl'GOUGII.
_ Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentle™ an to
yield to me for a moment to report, a bill from
the Committee of Claims for the relief of one
of his constituents.
Mr. PETTIS. I do not propose to occupy
much of the time to which I am entitled under
the rules, and I would be glad if the House
would allow the motion which I made last
evening to prevail, and permit the gentleman
from Ohio £Mr. Bingham] to report a matter
in which I am interested and which will take
but a moment.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Claims, reported a bill (H.
R. No. 1989) for the relief of Peter McGough,
collector of internal revenue and disbursing
agent for the twentieth district of Pennsylva-
nia ; which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to allow to
Peter McGough, collector and disbursing agent
of the twentieth internal revenue district of
Pennsylvania, credit for the sum of $4,750 64,
public moifey deposited, in pursuance of law,
in the Venango National Bank, late a United
States designated depositary, and the further
sum of $52,795 65, public money lost by the
failure of A. D. Cotton & Co. and Culvar,
Penn & Co., without fault or neglect on the part
of the said collector and disbursing agent.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THIS SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. MeDov-
ald, its Chief Clerk, imformed the House that,
the Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 845) for
the relief of Abbott Q. Ross, in which he wa3
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
'The message further announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment bills of
of the House of the following titles :
A bill (H. R. No. 1969) for the relief of
Nott & Co.;
A bill (H. R. No. 1906) to establish the col-
lection district of Aroostook, in the State of
Maine, and to more accurately define the
boundaries of the district of Newark, New
Jersey; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1345) to amend an act
entitled "An act to confirm certain private land
claims in the Territory of New Mexico."
Tho message further announced that the
Senate had passed the bill (H. R. No. 1738)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with va-
rious Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1870, with sundry amendments, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
indian appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. SPALDING, by unani-
mous consent, the amendments of the Senate
to the Indian appropriation bill were taken
from the Speaker's table, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
MESSAGE MOM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President, by Mr. Wil-
liam G. Moore, his Private Secretary, informed
the House that he had approved and signed
bills aud joint resolutions of the following
titles:
An act (H. R. No. 1974) to prevent loaning
money upon United States notes ;
An act (H. Ii. No. 1453) for the relief of
William Grant Powers;
An act (II. R. No. 264) to locate and estab-
lish an assav office in the Territory of Idaho ;
An act (H. ii. No. 1456) to authorize the
importation of machinery for repair only free
of duty;
An act (H. R. No. 1745) for the relief of the
estate of Isaac Phillips, deceased, who was a
private of the revolutionary war ;
An act (H. R. No. 1749) granting a pension
to Daniel Hauser, a citizen of North Carolina
and a soldier of the war of 1812 ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 373) directing
the enforcement of the lien on the steamer
Atlantic; •
