246
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 25,
Ho. of Reps.
Extension of Boundaries—Mr. Hooper.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
is unquestionably true; with our frontiers it
can scarcely be expected of us to exclude all
such. Yet there is no more justice ia holding
the citizens of Utah responsible for the acts ot
vicious individuals among them than there
would be on the part of the Mormons in charg-
ing the whole people of the United States with
the. wrongs perpetrated upon them in Missouri
and Illinois, or than there would be on the part
of the civilized world in charging upon the citi-
zens of this District the untimely taking off
of the late Chief Magistrate. Nor can it be
justly made an extraordinary offense if some
shall have assumed the cloak of religion for
evil purposes. When you will point us to a
Territory where there is no hypocrisy or crime
we wnl acknowledge our responsibility for this
imperfection. Let him among you who is
without sin cast the first stone.
But the important influence on the country
of Mormon enterprise has not been confined
to Utah. It may not be known to all who listen
to me to-day that the disciples of its faith
have borne a leading part in the settlement and
improvement of other portions. The first dis-
covery of gold in California in 1847-8, which
excited the whole civilized world and precipi-
tated upon the Pacific coast that avalanche of
immigration which transformed a senii-wilder-
ness into proud and populous States and car-
ried the frontier of American settlements to
the very ocean was made by a portion of the
Mormon battalion of Colonel Cooke after their
discharge from service. The first mint for
coining that treasure into a circulating cur-
rency was erected in Utah for the convenience
of her people, and that coinage is now sought
for as a curiosity by persons from all portions
of the globe. The first American immigrants
who entered the harbor of Yerba-Buena, now
San Francisco, came on the Mormon ship
Brooklyn, bringing with them a printing press
and libiary, thus founding the literature of the
State, and introducing many improvements in
the building of mills and other important
enterprises. The first brick ever burned in
California were the work of a Mormon.
And no w, sir, having recounted some of the
difficulties under which the Territory of Utah
was settled it becomes my pleasing duty to
epitomize the chief features of its present con-
dition. I could refer you to numerous narra-
tives of disinterested travelers—to the works
of Burton, of Bowles, of Greeley, of Richard-
son^ of Ht?pworth Dixon—for full details ; but
shall content myself, in view of my limited
time, with a brief capitulation. The stranger
\isitwg Utah to-day will find not only a rail-
way reaching to within fifty miles of its chief
city, but good wagon-roads, many of them con-
structed with great labor, extendingin all direc-
tions, and lines of magnttic telegraph aggre-
gating over five hundred miles in length, and
the work entirely of Mormon industry and capi-
tal. He will see over oue thousand miles of
canals, brmgingthe mountain streams into con-
tact with the fields which it is their mission to
fertilize; and can then better understand how
it isSthat a population superior in numbers to
that of some of the States is supported in com-
fort, including one hundred villages and thirty
incorporate cities. Inquiry will instruct him
that not only is the Territory free from debt,
but that the local, coujity, and other scrip is so
limited in amount and so promptly paid as to
be on a par in value with the legal-tender cur-
rency of the United States. If a foreigner—a
native, perchance, of any of those European
countries from the humblest classes of which a
large percentage of the citizens of Utah have
been drawn—he will be amazed to know that
seventy-five per cent, of the families of the
1 erritory are sheltered by their own roofs and
owners of the homes which they have created
and which year by year increase the comforts
vhich reward theirindustry and their frugality.
He will see more than this, a population com-
prising one hundred thousand souls, and not
one adult of either sex among them who is
not abie to read and write his native language
intelligibly.
To-day the material improvements of Utah
exceed those of any other Territory in the
Union. She has one hundred and fifty grist
and saw-miUs, three cotton aud four woolen
factories, and twenty-five tanneries, with nu-
merous man lfactories of shoes, hats, wagons,
furniture, na'ls, and kindred branches of the
mechanic artn. A hundred and twenty school-
houses suppljr her eighteen thousand children
with the opportunity for elementary instruc-
tion, and a hundred churches furnish the peo-
ple with the means of congregational worship.
Her vineyards and orchards are already pro-
viding fruit in abundance and of superior excel-
lence ; her fields produce the needful grains and
roots, and even indigo and madder for domes-
tic use. Her woolen mills draw their supplies
from the flocks which whiten her hillsides, and
her cotton mills owe their existence to the
fields of cotton whose bursting bolls mimic the
snows that glitter on the neighboring hills.
The silk-worm is spinning for her people its
shining thread. In the cities enterprise and
skill have emulated the architectural achieve-
ments of older communities ; cottages embow-
ered in vines, fine dwellings and offices, spa-
cious warehouses and elegant theaters, attest
the intelligence and taste of the people. The
foundations of the great temple now being
erected in Salt Lake City may well excite sur-
prise and admiration. In the tabernacle, ca-
pable of seating ten thousand souls, there is
now being constructed by her owu artisans,
and almost entirely of domestic materials, the
largest organ in America. These, sir, are some
of the material evidences that go to refute all
that has been uttered against Mormon thrift
and intelligence.*"
But, sir, the argument already becomes stale,
for it is now patent to the world that the peo-
ple of Utah are among the most thrifty of those
which compose our common country. This
crusade is directed against the Mormons as a
sect. But what has become of the boasted tol-
erance of the age, and especially of the United
States, which concedes to each individual and
each congregation the right to worship God
according to the dictates of their own con-
sciences. It is said by some that the Mormons
are fanatics, and by others that they are hypo-
crites. Even the Archangel Michael, when he
strove with Satan, durst not bring against him
a railing accusation ; and the highest Christian
authority has said, '' Judge not, that ye be not
judged." Of the sincerity of the Mormons it
would seem that there could be no ground for
doubt. Their unparalleled sufferings and sur-
render on various occasions of their sole pos-
sessions and even life itself rather than forsake
their faith should close the lips of their slan-
*'"How have these settlers ia the wilderne.-s done
the things wo see ? '
"Simply, answers Your.?, by the power of work
and faith ; by doing what they profess, by believing
what they say.
" Nearly all the forces which are found most pow-
erful to sway men's minds in our lay soeietie?—
genius, reputation, office, birth, and riches—have
been wanting in the&e Saints. No man of the stamp
of Luther, Calvm, Wesley, has appeared among
them. In intellect Joseph was below contempt.
jBugham is a man ot keen good sense. Pratt is a
dreamer. Kimball is unlettered. Wells, Cannon,
Taylor, Hooper—the brightest men among them—
have shown no worldly gifts, no scholarship, elo-
quence, poetry, and logic, to account for such sudden
and sustained success ab they have met with in every
land.
"The bee has been chosen by the Saints as an em-
blem of Beseret, though nature has all but denied
that insect to this dry and flowerless land. Young's
house is called the 'Beehive;' in it no drone ever
finds a place; for the prophet's wives are bound to
support themselves by needle craft, teaching, spin-
Pin=  dyeing yarn, and presei ving fruit. Every woman
in bait Lake has her portion of wu^k, each accoid-
ing to her gifts, every one steadfastly believing that
labor is noble and holy; a sacrifice meet for man to
make and for God to accept. Ladies make gloves
and fans, dry peaches and figs, cut patterns, prepare
seeds, weave linen, and knit hose. Extract from
Nexo Amcnoa Dy William Hepworth Dixon.
derers in shame at such a charge. Well do I
recollect, long before I cast my lot with the
humble members of that church, an incident
which deeply impressed rue with the sincere
faith of the people. My business led me to the
levee of Nauvoo at the time of their expul-
sion; and when they were preparing for their
departure they disposed of their clothing and
their valuables to complete and decorate and
furnish that magnificent temple to the living
God which they believed themselves commis-
sioned from on high to erect and consecrate.
Not for themselves did they linger in that
beleaguered city, nor with any hope of perma-
nent resistance to the destroying mob, but
because they were inspired by an enthusiastic
sense of duty and a holy zeal more powerful
than human impulse to complete the task
assigned them by an invisible power, and to
crown with order and symmetry the marvelous
edifice.
And, sir, dark in contrast with this unself-
ish devotion to duty rises up before me the
picture of the vandal violence that drove them
from the sacred walls just as their work was
finished and applied the incendiary torch to
destroy the splendid structure. Nor, sir, would
it be strange if a people so blessed amid per-
secution—so often piotected from destruction
and preserved amid dangers that threatened
inevitable ruin—should become so intensified
in their faith as to present to the irreligious an
appearance of fanaticism. An extract from
Gunnison happily illustrates one of these occa-
sions. He says:
"During the following year, every month was so
mild chat they ploughed and sowed in each; but
though the winter was auspicious and all things so
favorable, they were sorcduced in provisions as to
eat the hides of the slaughtered auimals and eagerly
searched them out of the ditches and tore themfroin
the roois of the houses to boil them for the table, and
they dug side by side with the miserable Utcs for the
wild roots used by them lor food. But the most for-
midable animal they had to contend with as the
crops were nearing maturity was the army of black,
ungainly crickets—" a frightful bug," as a Liverpool
sojourner called it when first he saw one, which, de-
scending from the mountain sides, destroyed every
g.reen herb in their way. In vain did the sorrowful
tanners surround their fields with trenehes and fill
them with water; the black ho t, leaping in, floated
over and with wonderful instinct kept on their course
of march, and, mounting up the wheat stalk, would
cut it off at the curve, which was bent by the weight of
the fruit more precious than golden seeds. "Whole
families might be seen standing guard with branches
and boards m their hands, uttering loud shouts and
endeavoring to turn back and beat off tbo invaders.
Tn some instances they succeeded in changing the
direction of the march along the stream*, and de-
fct/oyed many in thewateis; but it was only a partial
rehet on a tew points of attack.
"But better defenders soon came to their aid.
These were the most beautiful birds of the valley,
the glossy white gulls, with bright red beaks and
feet, dove-like in form and motion, with plumage of
downy texture and sottness. Alter the first moH-
iug of the crickets they came in flocks to feast on
til e banquet which was so bountifully spiead for their
reception. In early dawn they rfse from the nesting
islands of the great lake, and gliding through the
au, gracefully alight on the smooth and gentleslopes
at the last of the terraces at the mountain's base and
feast the livelong day."
The same year to which I have before
alluded, and soon after the expulsion of the
Mormons from Nauvoo, while they were prose-
cuting their slow journey across the wilderness
of Iowa, there occurred vast flights of quails
in the same direction, lasting many weeks.
These pilgrims have informed me that large
quantities of these quails were slain, and fur-
nished the famishing pilgrims with ample sup-
plies of food, reminding them vividly of the
provision made for the Israelites in the desert,
and impressing them deeply with a conviction
of miraculous protection. It would not be
strange, sir, I repeat, if a people possessing
such remarkable traditions and experiencing
such unexampled preservation shall have be-
come filled with a concientious zeal, akin to
the divine fervor of the early disciples of Chris-
tianity.*
* *'I have spoken to you of apeoplewhoseindustry
had made them rich and gathered around them all
the comforts and not a few of the luxuries of refined
