1869:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471
that the sooner we proceed to act upon it the
better. I know that there may be some differ-
ence of opinion about it; but it is better that
the question should be settled once for all that
it may be known what is our opinion upon that
subject.
1 have no hesitation in saying that I am in
favor of that resolution. I always have been
in favor of the resolution. I yield to none of
those side schemes which have been brought
before Congress in relation to that matter. Let
us take up the question and let us know at
once and for all time, or at least so far as this
Congress is concerned, many of those compos-
ing which are members of the nextsuceceding
Congress, what wc think and what we design
to do, what our opinion is on the subject.
The Committee on Finance have brought in
a bill here. I have read it with very much
interest and pleasure. As a beginning, it is
exceedingly well. It. has made a selection
from many bills, and made a most judicious
selection for the most part. J do not consider
that if it becomes a law it will be a panacea
for all our currency or financial ills. There
are some things in it that 1 should not agree
to.^ There are some amendments proposed
to it and which have been printed that I should
have very great doubt about, one especially
coming from my honorable friend from New
Jersey, [Mr. Cattell;] but still there is much
good in it, and 1 am willing to aid the honor-
able Senator from Ohio to take up that bill at
the earliest possible day and consider it, because
it is a measure that addresses itself to the in-
terests of the country at the present time. But,
sir, to take up a bill proposing to build a rail-
road fiom here to New York, and from here
to Cincinnati, and in other directions, by the
General Government, or by a charter given by
the General Government, interfering with so
many vested interests in this country, seems
to mc to be wasting time. It may be all right;
I do not mean to say a word against it; 1 do
not know but that I shall vote for it when the
time coraes; but this is no time to consider it;
for judging from my own experience in such
matters, it is absolutely impossible that it can
pass the two branches of Congress and become
a law at the present session. I hope, there-
fore, that we shall not take up that bill, but
will take up the resolution of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. SHERMAN". I regret very much that
any particular measure is antagonized to this
bill, especially after what has been very prop-
erly said by the Senator from Illinois ancl the
Senator from New Jersey, that a motion to
take up a question ought to be decided on the
merits of the bill itself rather than, upon the
order of business.
Now, let me say with regard to this railroad
bill that there is nothing in it that has notpassed
the House of Representatives at least three
times. lam mistaken ; there are some amend-
ments made by the committee, but rather of a
restrictive character than otherwise. The bill
as it now stands upon your table has received
the sanction of the House of Representatives
at two or three different times. It was reported
at the last session by a unanimous vote of the
committee of the House. It has been sent to
the Senate in one form or another at least three
times, and the Senate have never yet approached
a vote on the question so important to the local
interests of this city and to the people of the
United States. 1 will say to the Senator from
Maine that I could have undoubtedly obtained
the vote of the Senate at an earlier period of
the session on this particular bill but for the
absence of his colleague, which I regretted very
much. At his request I did not call it up. It
seems to me that to postpone it any longer
would be simply to defeat the bill. The bill
contains no new principle. I know it is an im-
portant measure ; but it' it is passed in the Sen-
ate I have no doubt whatever of its passage in
the House of Representatives, because the same
bill has passed there repeatedly. There is
scarcely a doubt but that the bill as it passes
here, substantially, will pass the House ; so
that its passage depends upon the Senate, or
upon its being taken up now. We shall be
crowded at a later period of the session with
public measures.
Now, let me say a word as to the importance
of this bill. Surely no man wishes to submit
to the legal restriction which compels us to
come to this city only by one way; and the
more Senators think about the restrictions by
which this District is curbed and restricted
the more impatient they will become. If there
is to be no relief by Congress and we must sub-
mit to this, we generally endure what cannot
be avoided. But it seems to me that the ease
is so pressing, so manifest, that Senators will
not waste much time in providing the remedy.
Instead of voting for the bill lying on the table I
would a great deal rather vote for two or three
general declaratory resolutions, or a bill in the
nature of a general railroaftylaw, authorizing
anybody to build a railroad to Washington who
i desires to do it and will risk the necessary &p-
. ital. Now, there is a struggle toe between
| bills that propose to take from the Jire'asuryof
' the United States sums of money in the way of
' subsidies and public lands and the like to aid
in the construction of railroads. Why? Be-
cause railroads develop the country. And yet
we refuse to consider the proposition to allow
people, without cost to the Government, to
build railroads from the capital of our country.
That is the position in which we are placed.
I trust the Senate will take this bill up and
give it such consideration as it deems neces-
sary, and make such amendments as Senators
shall agree upon. This is not the child of my
fancy, as my friend from Maine seems to say.
It is true I introduced the bill; but I claim
nothing as original in it. I took the House
bill, with some slight modifications, to make it,
as I thought, more acceptable to the Senate
and more acceptable to my own views, and
introduced it. It was not by my desire that a
special committee was organized; but it was
upon the suggestion of the Senator from Mich-
igan, [Mr. CuAXDi/Wi,] who said the Commit-
tee on Commerce had already considered the
subject, and would rather not consider it again
on account of their division upon it. There-
fore a special committee was organized, and
the bill was referred to that committee. We,
however, did not,press it at the last session,
because it was introduced at the close of the
session, but we carelully considered the bill.
The committee went over its details carefully
and made some modifications in it. and reported
it back to the Senate. There is nothing new
in it; nothing difficult, except the question
whether or not the Congress of the United
States can authorize the construction of rail-
roads to and from the city of Washington. I
trust, therefore, it will be taken up and not be
antagonized with any other measure.
One word in regard to the measure proposed
to be taken up by the Senator from Vermont.
I do not think it is wise at this session of Con-
gress to pass that resolution, or any resolution
on that subject. The Committee on Finance
instructed me to report a resolution in regard
to what we considered our primary duty, to
prepare for the resumption of specie payments.
I did not propose to call np that resolution
simply because if adopted it would have set-
tled nothing definitely; and if the resolution of
the Senator from Vermont should be adopted
it will settle nothing definitely. I therefore
say it is not wise to take up that questiou. But
even that question ought not to embarrass this.
If Senators will vote against taking up this
proposition because there is some other reso-
lution on the Calendar that they would rather
have considered, the result will be that no
business will ever be done. When a proposi-
tion is made to take up a bill which meets the
sense of the majority of the Senate, in my judg-
ment it ought to be taken up, unless there is a
present overriding bill of great importance
pressing; and I do not think that is the case
with the bill of the Senator from Kansas or the
resolution of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I think
since the close of the war and the settlement
of the questions necessarily involved in it no
measure of such great importance has ever
been proposed in this body as the bill of the
honorable Senator from Ohio. It involves
graver questions, going to the foundations of
this Government, than any other—the rights
of the States over their own railroad improve-
nients; the powers of this Government over the
improvements through the States; whether
this Government shall have the power to break
down the railroad companies which are organ-
ized under the authority of the States; whether
if we incorporate companies to build railroads
through the States we shall allow them to be
taxed by the States. If they are to be taxed,
the States can tax them out of existence; and
if we are to deny to the States the power to
tax them we can break down every railroad
company now existing within the States under
State authority. I shall not go into a discus-
sion of the merits of these questions, but sim-
ply state them. I think the bill involves the
question whether we are not about to wipe out
of existence the States of this Union, and
whether we are not about to establish in this
Government absolute and despotic power.
These questions are involved, and this bill
certainly cannot come up before the Senate
and be brought to a determination without a
long and protracted discussion of these great
questions. For myself, sir, I view the propo-
sition with alarm, and am not willing to vote
even to take it up for consideration, much less
shall I be prepared to vote for the principles
which are involved in the bill. I grant that
under the Constitution of the United States
Congress has the power to regulate commerce;
but that is to regulate commerce upon the rail-
roads and upon the lines that are already cre-
ated, not, that we have the power to go into the
States, opening new railroads and new com-
munications against and without the consent
of the States themselves.
But. sir, I shall not go into a discussion of
the merits of the bill on the motion to take it
up. I simply call attention to these questions
to show that it is impossible that the bill can
be brought before the Senate without giving
rise to a long and protracted discussion, and
there is no probability that the Senate will
arrive at any determination upon it during the
present Congress.
In relation to the other measure which the
honorable Senator fiom Vermont is pressing
before the Senate, I do not regard measures as
being antagonized against each other on a mo-
tion simply to take up ; but I do not think it
is proper to decide the question whether you
shall take up a measure or not by the fact
whether a man feels more interest in one meas-
ure than in another ; for if he allows himself
to be governed entirely by that consideration
he can never be called upon to vote upon the
merits of the proposition. But, sir, that is
immaterial. It is a question for the Senate to
determine. I am decidedly opposed to the
taking up of the bill mentioned by the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not like to throw
anything in the way ol proceeding to a direct
vote on this proposition ; but if I am to vote
against this motion with a view to take up the
measure moved by the Senator from Vermont,
1 should feel embarrassed in proceeding to the
coustitration of that measure. It seems to be
an effort to commit this Government; for what
is implied by the very fact that we are called
upon to have a new law upon the subject, is
that the existing law is not clear and safe. I
admired what the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Giumes] said the other day when he declared
that he could not vote on a certain proposition
because he had a few shares of stock worth
fifteen cents on the dollar. Now, what will a
Senator do who happens to have a United
States bond or a multitude of them? Jf this
is an effort to increase their value, if it is an
effort, and a determination to put it beyond
question that every one of those bonds is to bo
'.! paid iu gold, principal and interest, then I
