248
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
Ho. of Reps.
Election Contest—Chaves vs. Clever—Mr. Clever.
40tii Cong....3d Sess.
earth with its glory and draw all nations into
it. Let ns have peace that by our sublime
example we may teach thewhole world of men
how good and u how pleasant it is for brethren
to dwell together in unity."
Election Contest—Chaves vs. Clever.
SPEECH OF HON. C. P. CLEVER,
OF NEW MEXICO,
1st the House op Representatives,
February 20, 1869.
The House having under consideration the Hew
Mexico contested-election ease—
Mr. CLEVER said:
Mr. Speaker: I came here to meet a report
not a speech. When the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Pettis] travels outside of the
report and states facts which are not set forth
in the report of the committee I think he does
more than the Committee of Elections have
authorized him to do. If he desires for one
moment to connect me with any election frauds
in New Mexico I will say that he or any one
else who may believe any such thing is utterly
mistaken. Sir, I was at the time of the election
hundreds of miles away from the precincts to
which the gentleman has alluded.
Mr. PETTIS. I disclaim any intention to
impute to the gentleman any agency in those
frauds.
Mr. CLEVER. I took it that the drift of
the gentleman's remarks would leave such an
impression upon the minds of members, and I
have therefore taken the earliest opportunity
to repel the charge.
But, Mr. Speaker, it is my purpose to ven-
tilate this report, and I have prepared some
remarks which Ipropose tosubmittothe House.
If there is any disposition to travel outside of
the record in the case let that disposition be
manifest. But, sir, I believe that honesty and
justice prevail in this House and in this country,
and that the mere trickery of one or two indi-
viduals in the Territory of New Mexico cannot
defeat the claims of one who has been fairly
elected a Delegate to this House.
Mr. Speaker, the report of the Committee
of Elections now under consideration, in my
humble opinion, is founded upon a misappre-
hension of the law which should govern in this
case and the facts as disclosed by the evidence.
To the members of the committee who agreed
to this report I desire to say that while 1 radi-
cally differ with them as to the conclusion they
have arrived at I do not desire to be under-
stood as intending to question their motives or
to be discourteous.
In my argument I shall follow the order of
this report and discuss every point therein
made separately. Should I misquote the evi-
dence or appear to be unfair by garbling dis-
connected extracts I hope the gentlemen hav-
ing this case in charge will call my attention
thereto. I do not desire to mislead any one.
I cite from the report, first page. Contestant \
"among other things charges:"
Tierra Amarilla.
That at the said election in the county of Rio
Arriba, in precinct No. 16, commonly called Tierra
Amarilla, only 6S votes were cast for the sitting mem-
ber, and that none other were found or counted by
the judges of the election after the polls were finally
closed; but that after the said counting, and before
the probate judge sent an abstract, with the poll-
books of the said county, to the secretary of the Ter-
ritory, a poll-book wasfahely and fraudulently pre-
pared, by which it was made to appear that thesitting
Delegate received 452 votes, and that the said fraud-
ulent excess of 384 votes were allowed the sitting
Delegate in the count, that gave him a majority of
540 votes in the Territory at such election, and that
they should now be withdrawn.
The committee are of opinion, from the testimony
oi Miera and Salazar.that the allegation of the con-
testant in this respect is sustained by the evidence in
the case, and that 384 votes erroneously allowed to
the sitting member in the returns from precinct No.
16, formerly called Tierra Amarilla, in the county of
xtio Arriba, should be deducted from the return
made t> and accepted by the territorial officials.
In regard to the election of this precinct,
there were nine witnesses examined on the
part of the contestant, of which the committee
has seen proper to mention but two; and five
witnesses were examined by the respondent,
whose testimony seems to have been entirely
ignored.
The first witness upon the stand for contest-
ant is one Juan Ygnacio Miera.
And here, at the outset, it may be proper to
observe that this witness, as well as Salazar,
according to their own statement, live about
eighteen leagues or fifty-four miles (Mis. Doc.
No. 154, page 51,) from the precinct of Tierra
Amarilla. Was there no one, not even among
the eighty-two voters who the contestant avers
did vote at said precinct, honest enough to give
testimony in this case? Why had the county
to be searched for fifty-four long miles before
a witness could be found to testify as to the facts
in this particular case?
If such a glaring outrage had been perpe-
trated upon the people and the contestant as
he avers in his notice, does it not appear strange
that the witnesses had to be taken and singled
out from among those who lived fifty-four miles
off, when, according to his own statements, he
had twelve persons in the precinct who voted
for him and who must have been his partisans,
to say nothing of the sixty-eight persons who,
according to his story, voted for respondent,
most of whom, if the testimony of his witnesses
can be believed, and the names given by them
are correct, were with but a few exceptions
Mexicans and his own countrymen?
The people of Tierra Amarilla as well as
the rest of the New Mexican people are gen-
erally poor but strictly honest, and the fact
that contestant had to go outside of that pre-
cinctto find his witnesses casts a suspicion upon
their veracity, to say the least of it.
Now as to Miera: this witness, who is
twenty-five years of age and resides at Abiquiu,
went to Tierra Amarilla, as he testifies on page
80, (ibid.,) because he chose to go there. '• I
desired to go there " ;' without having any other
business."
This precinct, according to Miera, was set-
tled in I860, and contains seven settlements,
two of which are abandoned, though first set-
tled in 1867. He (Miera) has been there very
frequently, and at one time remained there an
entire month, and at other times for a few days
at a time. He thinks he remained there once
three months, but he is not positive as to the
length of time upon the occasion last men-
tioned.
He remembers the days and the one mouth
well, but as to the three months, which from
the length of time should have impressed them-
selves more firmly on his memory, he testifies
that he merely thinks so, and states this with
a qualification, (page 31.)
However, he found it necessary to serve his
cause to make out that for a reasonable length
of time he had lived in a place fifty-four miles
from his own residence, in order to make the
idea that he really knew something of it more
plausible.
Let us examine his testimony, and see if
taken by itself it conforms to such rules as
would enable it, uncontradicted by other evi-
dence, to remove the presumption of the verity
and correctness of a public record, as are the
poll-books from Tierra Amarilla.
On page 31 (Mis. Doc. No. 154) witness says:
"Question. What length of time have you known
the amount of population in the precinct of Tierra
Amarilla?
"Answer. Since the year 1861.
' Question. Is thepopulation of that precinct a new
or an old population?
"Answer. It commenced being populated in 1860.
Question. What means have you had of knowing
the people m Tierra Amarilla?
"Answer. I have been there very frequently, and
have at one time remained there an entire month,
and at other times for a few days at a time. I think
I remained there once threemonths, but am not pos-
itive as to the length of time upon the occasion last
mentioned." i
When cross-examined he contradicts the
above statement, (page 34, ibid.:)
"Question. How many settlements or plazas do you
know in the precinct of Tierra Amarilla?
44Answer. I know seven of them; two of them with-
out inhabitants, and five with population. Thetowns
of Puente, the plaza of Los Ojos, of Los Brazos, En-
cenada, and Las Nutritaa arc settled.
"Question. Which is the largest of the five?
44Ansxcer. Los Ojos and Las Nutritas are the two
largest, but I do not know which of these two is the
largest.
"Question. What is the population of Los Ojos and
Las Nutritas?
"Answer. I do not know; I can give no idea."
Thus, according to his own statement, he
does not know the population of two of the
largest settlements of that precinct, and this
accords with his statement on page 32. (ibid.,)
when he says:
"Question. Have you any means of knowing the
number of legal voters at the election in the precinct
of Tierra Amarilla m the year 1S66 ?
"Answer. I have no such means of knowing about
that precinct in 1866."
Two days afterward, being recalled and hav-
ing probably been well instructed, he again
knows all about that precincl, and at this time
more fully than before.
I give his testimony entire, but request the
House to bear in mind that this is two days
later than his first examination.
On page 50 (ibid.) we find him to say:
"Question. Look at the first eighty-txoo names on
the poll-book purporting to be that of the election
held last fall in Tierra Amarilla, and see if you rec-
ognize them as living in that precinct.
"Annoer. I know the names of the 82 who first
voted and who appear first on the poll-book, though
some of them did not belong m Tierra Amarilla.
There are five men named in these 82 votes who did
not belong there, but they belonged in the county.
"Question. Is ow look over the balance of the names
on that poll-book and see whether or not you recog-
nize them as of persons living in Tierra Amarilla,
and how many persons of the tame name do you find
in this list after the first 82 names?
> "Ansicer. I find but two names of persons whore-
side in Tierra Amarilla, who were there at the time
of the election, but these did not vote. One was in
the military service of the United States as a soldier
and the other had been discharged ti om the f-erviee,
and he was not allowed to vote. I recognize 28 names
on the poll-book after the number 82, which were
enumerated among said first 82. I do not recognize,
however, the surnames of these persons; only the
Christian names.
"Question. State now the number of heads of fam-
ilies in the different plazas in the precinct of Tierra
Amarilla.
"Answer. At the plaza of Las Nutritas there are
about 25 or 26; in plaza Los Ojos there are some 20
or 21; in La Puente there are 10 or 12; in Los Brazos
but 2, and in Canada there are 11 or 12. There are
no more plazns or towns where there are any people.
"Question. Where have the inhabitants of the two
settlements that were in Tierra Amarilla, but which
are now depopulated, gone?
"Answer. Some went into the towns or plazas now
inhabited; some went to Caiiones and some to Abi-
quiu, and others went to other inhabited settlements.
"Question. Of whom generally consist the he ids of
families ? Have they many grown sons or not ?
"Answer. There arc some old men, young men, and
some women who are considered heads of families."
He now knows the heads of families in the
two largest settlements, which two days before
he did not know and could give no idea about.
He again contradicts himself in his first
statement, and says on the same page :
"Question. What have been your means of knowing
the number of heads of families in Tierra Amarilla?
"Annoer. I hav  had ample means, as I have been
there very frequently, and my relations reside there.
I have been in all the towns, (plazas.)
"Question. How far apart are the towns and settle-
ments in Tierra Amarilla?"
But further, he states that he recognizes
twenty-eight names on the poll-book after the
number "82," which he states positively were
enumerated among the first eighty-two. But
in the same breath he says that he does not
recognize the surnames of these persons; he
only recognizes the Christian names of them.
In other words, he recognizes the names of
Joseph, Charles, Henry, William, John, &c.;
and from this fact he positively declares under
oath that they are enumerated among the first
eightytico. A willing witness, indeed !
After having stated on page 34 that he does
not know and can give no idea of the pop-
ulation of the two largest settlements of
Tierra Amarilla, called "Los Ojos'' and "Las
