TSE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
«/ *
think the Senator who happens to have one of
them cannot vote or take any part in it; because
if there is any doubt about that subject—I do
not say there is—I am satisfied myself a Sen-
ator has no right to- relieve that doubt in his
own behalf. Not only that,, the Senator from
Ohio proposes now to fund the five-twenties by
long bonds, aiid reduce the interest. Suppose
y&u ^eoraaait the (JovernnaeBt to the payment
iKgold of the principal and interest.
. Mr. A10R TON. That is not a part of the
hill.
Mr. POMEB(i>Y. It is a part of the Sena-
tor from Vermont's bill to settle the question
so that there shallbe no doubtthat these bonds
are to be paid in gold, principal and interest.
Do you suppose a man who has got a six per
cent, bond, when you hare reenacted over
again that it is to be paid in gold, is going to
exeliaage it for a four per cent, one? 1 do
not know much about finance, but I know the
difference between four and six per cent.
Mr. J3DM CJNDS. Will my friend from Kan-
sas permit me to ask a question?
Mr. POMEBOY. I will in a moment. I
shall be through in a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It related to his going
oa. I wished to ask him if he ■considered it in
order to discuss the merits of a proposition
not yet takeu up.
Mr. POMEROY. I am only replying to
what the Senator from Vermont said, and the
proposition, the merits of which 1 am discuss-
ing,-nobody proposes to take up at this time.
All I desire to say in closing is, that I do not
see how we ate called upon now, not having
passed any bill to fund our debt at low rates
of interest, to commit this Government again,
as if there was a doubt about the present law
to pay six per cent, unqualifiedly 111 gold. It
is as bad as a measure of finance as would
have been a defeat during the rebellion on the
battle-field. It will put every bond we have
got in such a condition that thei*e will be no
question about it, and if there is no question
about it you cannot fund them. Keep the
question whether they are to be paid in cur-
rency or gold open and you can perhapsfund
them. But settle that question and I would
not give a cent for a funding bill.
t YSEN. Mr. President,
1 shall feel it my duly to vote against any
measure which is in fact antagonized against
the resolution of the Senator from Vermont.
I remember a year ago, when listening to his
very able speech on the subject of this resolu-
tion, remarking to a Senator who sits by me
that it was a very good speech, but saying at
the same time I thought it was a very unneces-
sary speech, for I did not suppose there was
anybody in the Senate who would not vote at
oneh for that resolution. Since that time the
substance of that resolution has been dis-
cussed before the American people and has
been voted upon, and it is now presented to
the Senate and we are to determine whether
we will consider it or not. We all want to
return to specie payments'. How are we to do
it. by bringing our bonds and our securities
pp to par. How is that to be done ? By mak-
ing the world believe that we, in good faith,
intend to pay them, and' that we have the
ability to pay them. This resolution does ad-
dress itselt to the point of good faith, and is
a most important declaration for this Govern-
ment to make. These other questions can be
considered at another time. One great im-
portance of this measure is that the Senate
should act promptly and should give pre-
cedence to_ this resolution above all other busi-
ness showing the> world what their purpose is.
. Til® PRIiSIDiiN I pro tempore. The ques-
u 18 tErfe th? H11 for consideration.
Mr. SHERM AN. 1 ask that tire title of the
bill be read, so that Senators May understand it.
I he Chief Clerk read the title, as follows :
<).' \\ K 2"* promote commerce among
tin States, and to cheapen transportation of the
mails andof military and naval stores.
Mr. WINKLE. I call for the yeas
and nays 011 the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; aird being
taken, resulted—yeaS'25, nays 25 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Chandler, Cole,
JDavis, Drake, Jlarlan, Howard, IIowe, McDonald,
XJ.UU(1iU, juuwiuu, iiyvve, mc  ,
Morton, Osborn, Pool, Rice, Robertson, Ross,
   " Wade, Warner,
uv**" ^ vowviu, rum, xnotj, j
Sawyer, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner
Willey. Williams, and Wilson—26.
NAYS—Mesbrs. Anthony, C&ttell, Conkling/Con-
ness, Corbett, Cragin, Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds,
-Ferry, iessenden, Fowler lYelintfhuysen, Grimes,
Henderson, McCreery, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Pomeroy, Thayer,
.Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Vickers—25.
ABbJENT — Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Harris,
Hendricks, Kellogg, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Patterson of Tennessee, Eiimsey, Saulsbnry, Spencer,
Sprague, Tipton, Welch, Whyte, and Yates—15.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, resumed
the consideration of the bill.
Mr. WHYTE. Mr. President, while my
personal inclination would impel me to silence,
yet a sense ofjpublic duty demands that I
slwuld discus# though I trust with laudable
MNuty, the provisions of the bill now before
tl^e ^nat<V^ It strikes me as one of tfie most
alarmifl^encroachments of Federal power in
these days of rapid consolidation.
The Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] who
opened the debate upon the bill, will pardon
me if I follow somewhat the line of his argu-
ment, transposing the points however so as to
examine:
1. The power of Congress to grant such
charters.
2. If it has the power, the objections to its
exorcise.
At the outset may I be permitted to call the
attention of the Senate to the extraordinary
frame-work of the bill itself.
Its first scction creates a corporation to be
known as the "New York and Washington
llailway Company," with the usual corporate
powers.
Its ^second section is a letter of attorney from
the United States to the said corporation to
survey and locate, equip and manage a rail-
way from Washington to New York, over the
States of Maryland, Pennsylvania, Delaware,
and New Jersey to the Hudson, and in the
city of New York to erect a pier and its appur-
tenances, all of which acts are to be done by
the_ company in the name and behalf of the
United States, the constituent of the company.
The third section fixes the capital stock at
$10,000,000, designates the mode of takingsub-
scriptioris, and authorizes the organization of
the company whenever $3,000,000 have been
subscribed.
The fourth section prescribes the mode of
electing the officers of the company and for
forfeiture of stock where installments of the
amount subscribed shall not be paid in accord-
ance with the calls of the directors.
The fifth section prevents a consolidation of
the proposed road with any now constructed
unless by special permission of Congress.
The sixth section regulates the gauge of the
road, its construction and outfit, its schedule
oi time,-and the tariff of prices and other mat-
ters of minor detail.
The seventh section relates to the crossing
of the Susquehanna above tide-water. °
The eighth section authorizes it to acquire by
lease or purchase sach property as may be
necessary to accomplish the object of the bill.
Its officers and agents are authorized to '! enter
upon, take possession of, and use all such real
estate and property as may be necessary for the
construction, maintenance, and operation of
said railway and the accommodations requisite
and appertaining thereto.''
In case of disagreement as to price of such
real estate or property the corporation or the
owners of the real estate or property so taken
must apply by petition to the justice or jus-
tices of the supreme^ court having jurisdiction
in the State or locality in which the said real
estate or other property may be situated. This
justice, or these justices, are authorized to
direct the manner of ascertaining the value of
the real estate or property and the damages of
the owner. The justice is directed to apooint
commissioners, u-eeholders in the State or dis-
trict) who shall, under his direction, view the
premises or property, "take such testimony
ss they may deem proper," make appraise-
ment, and determine the damages; which they
Shall report under oath to the justice. This
justice has the power to increase or diminish
the damages. When he makes his order or
decree thereupon the corporation is forthwith
declared to be rightfully possessed "in behalf
of the United States': of the real estate or
prop&rty so -passed upon, upon the deposit, to
the credit of its owner, of the sum so awarded,
in such " incorporated moneyed institution as
the said justice shall direct." In case the
owner of such real estate or other property
shall be a married tvotoan, infant, idiot, insane
person, or non-resident, the justice is to ap-
point some competent disinterested person to
appear for them.
1 trust the Senator from Kansas next me
[Mr. Pomeroy] will not tamely submit to this
slur upon his female suffrage friends, by class-
ing them with idiots&nd insane persons. This
power of condemnation of real estate and prop-
erty is not to extend to the taking possession of
the property of any railway company chartered
by any State, except for the purpose of cross-
ing the line of such road.
The ninth section, to which I ask the atten-
tion of the Senate and to which I shall pres-
ently advert, provides that any person willfully
injuring the property of the company shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction
" by anycourt of competent jurisdiction" shall
be liable to certain penalties.
The tenth section authorizes roads now con-
structed under State laws to make connections
with the new road, and in the event of such
connection compels them to sell through tickets,
check through baggage, and give through re-
ceipts upon the terms therein set forth. The
bill further provides that if any suit at law or
in equity, or criminal prosecution, shall be
commenced in any State court against the new
corporation, or against any person authorized
or employed by them for any act done, or
omitted to be done, in reference to the con-
struction and use -of the railway authorized by
the bill, and in which the validity of any fran-
chise conferred by this act is denied, the de-
fendant may remove the said suit into the cir-
cuit court of the United States ; and it is made
the duty of the State court to proceed no fur-
ther in the cause or prosecution.
The circuit court of the United States, on
the other hand, to which said cause shall be
removed, is authorized to proceed with it, what-
ever may be the amount in dispute, the dam-
age claimed, or whatever may be the citizen-
ship of the party or parties, and from the final
judgment a writ of error shall lie to the Su-
preme Court of the United States—another
new feature in legislation in regard to the juris-
diction of the United States courts.
The twelfth section declares the road audits
bridges, ferries, &c., a national highway and
post road, prohibits any tax or transit duty by
any State, and requires the tax which may be
levied on its property to be the same pro rata
as that levied on other roads in the same State.
i 1,lrt-eenth section provides for reports
to the Secretary of the Interior.
ihe fourteenth section provides for its com-
pletion and equipment in two years after the
election of the first board of directors.
the fifteenth section makes it a public act,
and reserves the right to Congress to repeal or
alter the provisions of the law.
The sixteenth section incorporates a similar
company to build a road and telegraph from
j « ashington to Pittsburg, with the title of "The
I R ashmgton and Northwestern liailroad and
! telegraph Company."
I The seventeenth section incorporates a like
| company, to build a road and telegraph from
I t0 Cincinnati, under the name of
l ihe Washington and Cincinnati Railroad and
< J.eiegraph Company."
The first named corporation is to have a cap-
ltal stock of $10,000,000, butthetwokstnaraed
seem to have no capital stock at all, at least I
