1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
473
find in the bill no apt words to express it. This
bill seems to be ail omnium-gatherum of all
the '• air-lines" and •'elbow" roads which have
been of late years proposed in Congress.
To my mind the passage of such a bill is
wholly unwarranted by any clause in the Con-
stitution.
The question here is not as to the power of
Congress to make appropriations in l'avor of
internal improvements sanctioned by or con-
structed under State authority, but whether
Congress has the power to construct railroads,
canals, or other like works without the con-
sent of the States through which they pass,
thus invading the jurisdiction of those States
over their own soil. Can such a power be
found in the Constitution? If it be there in
express words, of course the matter is decided,
and no aiguuient ought to be made upon this
floor. Is such a power expressed in plain
words on the face of that instrument? I main-
tain that it is not. If not, why was it not so
expressed? Bccause the Convention which
framed the Constitution did not intend to give
any such power to Congress. So far from it,
such power was absolutely refused. In the
debates to be found in the Madison Papers,
(vol. 3, p. 1570,) we find an account of the
effsrts then made to incorporate such a power
in that instrument:
" Dr. Franklin moved to add after the words'post
roads,' article one, section eight, a power 'to provide
for cutting canals where deemed necessary.'
" Mr. Wilson seconded the. mo!ion. 1
"Mr. Sherman objected. Theexpensomsucn cases
wiil fall on the United States and the benefit accrue
to the places where the cana-ls may bo fat.
"Mr. Wilson. Instead of being an expense to the
United States, they may be made a source ot revenue.
"Mr. Madison suggested an enlargement of the
motion into a power 'to grant charters of incorpora-
tion where the interests of the United States might
require and the legislative provisions of individual
States may be incompetent.' His primary object was,
however, to secure an easy communication between
the States, which the free intercourse now to be
opened seemed to call for. The political obstacles
being removed, a removal of the natural ones, as far
as possible, ought to follow. >
*' Mr. Randolph seconded the proposition.
"Mr. King thought the power unnecessary.
" Mr. Wilson. It is necessary to prevent a btate
from obstructing the general welfare. .... ,
"Mr. King. The States will be prejudiced and
divided into parties by it. In Philadelphia and
New Yorkit will be referred to the establishment ot a
bank, which has been a subject ot contention m those
cities. In other places it will be referred to mercan-
tile monopolies. . ..
" Mr. V\ ilson mentioned the importance ot iacil-
itating by canals the communication with the western
{settlements. ,.
44 The motion being so modified as to admit a dis-
tinct Question, specified and< limited to the case oi
canals, Pennsylvania, Virginia,and Georgia voted tor
the proposition; New Hampshire, Massachusetts,
Connecticut, New Jersey,Delaware,Maryland, North
Carolina, and South Carolina voted no.
"The other part fell, oi course, as including the
power rejected."
The proposition made by Mr. Madison to
give to Congress the power to grant charters
of incorporation for the verv purposes pro-
posed by this bill failed in the Convention
which framed the Constitution, and therefore
it was not inserted as a grant from the States
to the Federal Government.
Upon this point I will not stop here to refer
to the subsequently expressed opinions of Mad-
ison or Monroe, but I stand upon the opinion
of one whose views I have been ever taught to
respect and whose judgment is clear enough
lio-ht for mv guidance. General Jackson, in his
Maysville road veto of May 27, 1830, speaking
of this power of Congress to invade the sov-
ereignty of the States—and I confine^ my re-
marks to that paiticular branch of this ques-
tion—said:
" Although frequently and erroneously attempted,
the power To this extent has never been cxerciscd by
the Government in a single instance. Itdoes not, m
mv opinion, possess it: and no bill,therefore, which
admits it can receive my official sanction.
And. following the clear light of this exposi-
tion of the Constitution^ President Poik, m his
message of December 1 o* 1847, said :
" This power to make a road or canal, or to dig up
tlie bottom of a river orharbor, implies a right in the
?oti of the State and a jurisdiction over it tor which
it would be impossible to find any warrant. ,.
" The States were particularly jealous ot conceding
to the General Government any right
over thdrsoil, and in the Constitution restricted the
exclusive legislation of Congress to such places as
might be 4 purchased with the consent of the States
i in which the bame shall bf for the erection of forte,
I magazines, dock-yards, and othor needful buildings.'
j "'That the United States should he prohibited from
' purchasing lands within the States without their
conscnt,evcn for the most essential purposes of na-
tional defense, while left at liberty to purchase or
seize them for roads, canals, and other improvements
of immeasurably less importance, is not to be con-
ceived."
And yet, by the eighth section of this bill, a
corporation is authorized to do so in tlie name
of the United States.
But we are not left to the executive depart-
ment for the interpretation of the powers of
Congress, for iti the case of the United States
vs. Cornell, (2 Mason, GO,) Mr. Justice Story
said:
" The purebaso of lands by the United States for
public purposes within the ten itovinl limits of a
State does not of itself oust the jurisdiction or sov-
ereignty of such State over the lands so purchased.
Xtremains until the State has 1 clinquished its author-
ity over the land, either expressly or by necessary
implication."
I might amplify the argument by the citation
of analogous cases, such as Smith «s. Maryland,
18 Howard, 21 ; Pollard's Lessee vs. Kagan, 3
Howard, 212 ; Martin vs. Waddell, 10 Peters,
3G7 ; but 1 will not tax the patience of the Sen-
ate by a cumulation of authorities. Suffice it
to say that no case can be found decided by a
respectable court which is in antagonism to
the principle which I have thus broadly laid
down.
Now, then, let me turn the attention of the
Senate from the principle which I have enun-
ciated to the bill itself. As an illustration,
may I ask the attention of Senators to the
ninth section, by which certain offenses are
declared to be misdemeanors, and the offender
is to be tried, and if convicted by a court of
competent jurisdiction shall be punished by
fine, &c. If such an offense was committed in
Maryland will the Senator who prepared the
bill—the distinguished Senator from Ohio, I
think, disclaimed its paternity— state what
court could try such an offender? Could a
State court or a court of the United States?
I pause for a reply.
The title to the property over which the
railway is laid, after it shall have been pur-
chased or condemned, is declared by the
eighth section to belong to the corporation
chartered by the act, and, as much as the real
estate of any other corporation, it remains in
the State of Maryland and subject to its juris-
diction. . Can this be doubted, or will it be
contended that a corporation within the State
of Maryland is greater than the State itself?
If, then, the jurisdiction over the soil is in (he
State of Maryland must not the punishment
for the offense be prescribed by the laws of
Maryland ? Had a murder or any other crime
been committed within the walls cf a banking
house of the old United States Bank in Mary-
land will any lawyer say that any other au-
thority than the Slate could punish the offender?
Can a court of the United States try a man for
an offense committed within the body of a
county, except in places where the jurisdiction
is ceded by the State? Can a State court try
a party for an offense made so by special stat-
ute of the United States? It were idle to
pursue the inquiry further. No lawyer can
successfully maintain such a proposition.
I hardly think, therefore, it can be seriously
contended that any power in Congress to build
roads is to be found expressed in any of the
grants of the Constitution ; and if there is no
such power in the creator, surely none can be
claimed for the creature. The power, there-
fore, not being expressed, but 111 fact denied
by the frauiers of the Constitution, the advo-
cates of this bill claim that it is incident to an
expressed power. Such a proposition is not
new. As early as the time ot Mr. Monroe the
same claim was set up. In his veto of the Jill
to extend the Cumberland road, just before
retiring from the Presidency, he said:
"That the power over the subject of roach and
canals was claimed to bo incidental, and derivea.
first, from the right to establish post offices and post
roads; second, from the right to declare war, tmrd.
to regulate commerce; fourth, to pay the debts ana
provide for the common defense and welfare; fifth,
from the power to make all laws necessary and proper
for enrryins into execution all the power? vested by
the (Jonstittition in tho Government of the United
States or in any departmentor officer thereof : sixth
and lastly, from the power to dispose of and make
all nocdfnl rules and mrulntions respecting the ter-
ritory and other property of the United States. Ac-
coiding to my judgment it cannot be derived from
either of these powers, nor from all of them united,
and in consequence it, does not exist."
This bill, as its title declares, is to promote
commerce" among the States; and the au-
thority of Congress to pass such a measure is
assorted to be incidental to the power "to
regulate commerce."
" A power to be incidental must ho cxercised fo?
etfds which make U a principal or substantive power,
independent of the principal power to which it is an
incident."
It is nofc enough that it is regarded by Con-
gress as convenient, or that its exercise would
advance the public weal. It must be necessary
and proper to the execution of the principal
expressed power to which it is an incident,
and without which such principal power can-
not be carried into effect. "To regulate com-
merce among the States " gives no warrant to
take from a State its right of eminent domain
over the soil within its territorial jurisdiction.
u To regulate commerce" is not to carry it on.
In Gibbons vs. Ogden, (9 Whoaton, IDG,) the
Supreme Court said "to regulate is to pre-
scribe the rule by which commerce is to be
governed." It never meant to make bridges,
construct roads, canals, or streets, but it could
prescribe the rule by which commerce was to
be conducted over them "'among the States."
The distiuctiou is too clcar to need further
aigument. In the Wheeling bridge case, to
which my friend, the Senator from Ohio, casu-
ally referred, in which the majority of the
court only decided that the power to regulate
commerce included the power to determine
what shall and what shall not be deemed an
obstruction of navigation, Mr. Justic McLean,
in his opinion, dissenting from some of the
rulings of the court, said :
"If under the commercial power .Congress may
mako bridges over navigable waters it would be dil-
licult to find any limitation of such a power. J.urn-
pike roads, railroads, and canals might on the same
principle bo built by Congress. And if this bo a con-
stitutional power it cannot be restricted or mterlereu
with byany State regulation.
"So extravagant, and absorbing a Pea oral power
as this has rarely,if over, been claimed by anyone.
It would in a great degree supersede tho btate gov-
ernments by tho tremendous authoi ity and patronage
it would exorcise. But if tho power be toundmtne
Constitution no principle is perceived by which it
uan be practically restricted. , ,
"This dilemma leads us to the conclusion that it is
not a constitutional power."
Butagain let me call the attention of the Sen-
ate to a like authority on this point. Mr. Jus-
tice McLean, in the sixth volume of McLean's
Reports, page 524, in the Kock Island bridge
case, says:
"Under thecommereial power Congress may declare
what shall constitute an obstruction or nuisance by
afccncra.1 regulation, and provide for its sihatement
bv indictment or information through the Attorney
General; but neither under this power to establish
post ro;ids fun Congress construct a bride over navi-
gable water. This belongs to the local or State ati-
thonfy within which the work is to be done.
this authority must be so exorcised as not matei latly
to conflict with the paramount power to regulate
commerce, If Congress can construct a bridge over
a navigable water, underthc power to reecul*te com-
merce, or to establish post road.*, on the same princi-
ple it may make turnpike or railroads throughout
the country. The latter power has generally been
considered as exhausted in the designation ox roads
on which the mails are to be transported, and tho
former by the regulation of commcrceupon the nign
seas and upon our rivers and lakes. It these limita-
tions are to he departed, from there can he no otners
except the discretion of Congress.*'
He should have said ''the want of discretion"
in Congress. .
Congress has power to regulate an bridges
over navigable streams, remove ofleodmg
bridges, and punish thofewho shall erect them
thereafter : and should a Stale, or a corpora-
tion created by the State, obstruct the passage
oi' citizens of one State overihe^soil or another
Slate, or the transportation oi hisgood^, m like
manner Congress might have power, by gen-
eral regulation, to prevent such obstruction.
44 Whatever subjects of this power [to regulate com-
