1869.
TB1G0.NTG-RESSI0NAL GLOBE.
Ml
MINERAL RESOURCES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, asking an appropriation of §10,000
to collect statistics of the mineral resources of
the United States ; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
1SNXIOLLBD HILLS SIG.N15D.
Mr. HOLM AN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same;
Au act (H. 14. No. 1900) to establish the col-
lection district of Aroostook, in the State of
Maine, and to more accurately define the
boundaries of the district of Newark, New
Jersey; and
An Set (H. R. No. 1069) for the relief of
Nott & Co.
SESSION OF FORTY-KIU8T CONGBBSS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a. joint resolution (H". R.'No. 460)
in relation to the meeting of the House of Rep-
resentatives at the first session of the Forty-
First Congress, and to say a word or two in
explanation of the necessity of passing it now.
Np objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion was read a first and second time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will explain that on the
4th of March the first regular session of the
Forty-First Congress will commence, underthe
law, at twelve o'clock m. Unless we postpone
that meeting some two or three hoars it will
be impossible for the House qf Representatives
to take part in the inauguration ceremonies,
for they will be engaged in the election of their
Speaker. It is necessary that any change which
shall be made shall be made by a joint resolu-
tion, because it interferes with the law. This
resolution, therefore, proposes to postpone the
time for the meeting of the House of Repre-
sentatives three hours. The Senate does not
require anything of this kind, but will have to
give its consent to this in order that it shall be
operative, because the Senate on its part will
meet and have the inauguration of the Vice
President immediately at twelve o'clock under
the rules.
The j ointresolution was read. It provides that
the time for the regular meeting of the House
of Representatives of the Forty-First Congress
shall be postponed from twelve o'clock m. on
the 4th day of March, 1869, to the hour of three
o'clock in the afternoon of said day.
The joint resolution was _ ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I rise for the purpose
of moving that the rules be suspended, that the
House may proceed to act at this time upon the
resolution of the Senate proposing a constitu-
tional amendment.
The SPEAKER. Thenext business in order
would be the morning hour, but the gentleman
from Massachusetts moves to suspend the rules
for the purpose he has indicated.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to waive his motion
while I ask consent that we agree hereafter to
dispense with the evening sessions and meet
at eleven o'clock. I have no doubt we should
do far more business in that way than we can
by the present plan. I ask the gentleman to
vield for that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio and to the House
ihat if the House rescinds the order granting
the evening sessions to the_ Committee on Ap-
propriations for their business, thore are so
many motions to reconsider and privileged
reports from the Goramittee of Elections and
from the committee on alleged election frauds
40TH CONU. —Xo, 90,
in New York which the Speaker mast entertain,
these committees having the right to report at
any time, that the appropriation bills will pro-
bably. not be considered before the close of
next week or the beginning, of the week after.'
The House sees that already the entire day
sessions have been consumed for a week-past,
and the probability is that the same will be
the case for the next week, by the considera-
tion of motions to reconsider, motions to sus-
pend the rules, reports of the Committee of
Elections, and other matters of importance.
And the Chair is informed that the Committee
of Ways and Means have several important
subjects to bring before the House for their
consideration.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will not press my mo-
tion for the present.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now insist upon my
motion to suspend the rules for the purpose
of considering at this time the joint resolution
I have indicated.
The question was taken; and upon a division
ttere were—ayes 107, noes 3-1.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. -CHANLER called for the yeas and
nays^
The yfias and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in* the affirmative—yeas 135, nays 39,
not voting 48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames. Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Beaman, Beatty,
Benjamin, Benton, Bmgham, Blaine, Blair, Bout-
well, Bowen, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckley, Benja-
min K. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Caltis,
Churchill, Reader Vf. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Clift,
Cobb.Cook, Corley, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, DeweeSe,
Dickey, Dookcry, Donnelly, Driggs, Eekley, Eggles-
ton, Ela, Thomas D. Eliot. James I. Elliott, Barns-
worth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, French, Garfield,
Goss, Gove, Gravely, Griswold, Halsey, Hamilton,
Haughey, Heaton, Hirby, Hopkins, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alex-
ander H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kel-
sey, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, Lash, George
V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Marvin, Maynard, McKee, Mercur, Miller,
Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Myeirs, Newcomb,News-
ham, Nunn, O'Neill, Ortb, Paine, Perham, Pettis,
Pierce, Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Price,
Raum, Robertson, Roots, SaSvyer, Schenck, Scofield,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stokes, Stover, Sypher, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, John
Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aer-
nam, Burt Vail Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Whittemore, Thomas Williams, William
Williams, John Wilson, and Woodbridge—135.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Barnum, Beck.
Boyer, Burr, Cary, Ch&nler, Fox, Getz, Gollaaay,
Grover, Haighfc, Hawkins, Holman, Hotehkiss,
Humphrey, Johnson. ThomasL. Jones, Kerr, Knott,
Mallory, Marshal*. McCormiek, MeOullough, Mud-
gen, Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps, Pruyn, Randall,
Robinson, Ross, Spalding, Stone, Taber, Tift, Van
Tramp, and Woodward—-39. . ,,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson. Arnell,
Bailey, Baldwin, Barnes, Blackburn, Boles, Boyden.
Brooks, Buckland, Coburn, Cornell, Delano, Dixon,
Dodge, Edwards, Eldridge, Glossbrenner, Harding,
Hill, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard,Richard D. Hub-
bard, Lincoln, Loan, Lynch, McCarthy, Momssey,
Muliins, Norris, Peters, Poisley, Prince, Selye, Sit-
r*. i T . . . . O fTI 2 • . Uln 1/n M A « lr AVl
Windom, Wood, and Young—IS.
So (two thirds voting in tlie affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. GETZ said: My colleague, Mr. Gloss
bkbxxer, is absent on account of illness. _ If
he were present he would vote in the negative.
RIGHTS OF CITIZENS.
The rules being suspended, the joint resolu
tion (S. R. No. 8) proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and
second time. , .
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be read a third time.
The joint resolution, which was read, was as
follows:
Kesolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in LMgrc^aesembed,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring.) That.thei fol-
lowing article be proposed to the Legislatures of the
several States as ail amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, which, when ratified by three
fourths of said Legislatures, shall bo valid as part of
the Constitution, namely:
Abticle XV. ,
ggc. — The rit'lit of citizens of the United States to
vote and bold office shail pot be denied or abridged
by- the United States ox any State, on acco^ntof race,
color, or previous conditio^ of servitude.
BEO.-"'-The Congress, by" appropriate legislation,
may enforce the provisions of this article.
Mr. Botttwem, took the floor.
Mr. WOODWARD. I desire -to- move an
amendment to- the joint resolution, not to the
proposed amendment to the Constitution.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot yield now for
that purpose. •
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal to the gentle-
mail" from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] to
allow me to offer an amendment.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will hear the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] first.
Mr. "WOODWARD. My amendment is to
the resolution, not to the proposed constitu-
tional amendment. It is in effect precisely
that which was offered in the Senate, limiting
the submission of this amendment to Legisla-
tures to be elected hereafter, not to those now
elected.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot yield to allow
such an amendment to be offered. I have 110
idea that Congress has the right,- under the
Constitution, to -select future Legislatures to
act- upon proposed amendments.
Mr. WOODWARD. If the gentleman will
allow me the opportunity I will answer his
argument.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I decline to yield further
at this time to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Woodward.] I now yield to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. BlJfQBTAif.3
Mr. BINGHAM. Idesire to offeran amend-
ment to the first section of the proposed article
in the very words heretofore agreed to in the
Senate by a vote of 40 to 16. The object is to
save this great act of justice from the limitation
imposed upon it.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot yield for de-
bate. If the gentleman will allow his amend-
ment to be read I will yield for that pur-poBe.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to move that the
first section of this proposed amendment be
amended so as to read as follows:
The right of citizens of the United States to vote
and hold office shall not be denied or abridged by any
State on account of race, color, nativity, property,
creed, or previous condition of servitude.
I ask the gentleman to allow me to have a
vote on the amendment I have indicated.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, the House
will remember that two votes have been taken
in this body rejecting a proposition, I think,
substantially like that which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] desires now to sub-
mlMr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will allow
me to interrupt him. The House will bear
witness, Mr. Speaker, that when this question
was last before us to be voted on the gentle-
man from Massachusetts notified the House
that the proposition omitted_ the words " or ori
account of previous condition of servitude,
which phrase is now inserted; and I beg the
gentleman to consider that the vote which was
given by this House rested upon that suggestion,
and in so far as it did I honor the gentlemen
who gave that vote, though I was constrained
to differ with the gentleman in his legal con-
clusions. . ,
Mr. BOUTWELL. The proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio does contain words which
were omitted from the amendment as it earae
from the Senate j but it is -also coupled with
provisions which, I believe, have been dis-
tinctly rejected by this House. At any rate,
they were argued before the House by the gen-
tleman from Ohio and myself, as well as others,
and the House did not accept the proposition
which he then submitted.
Under the circumstances in which we are
placed I consider it to be my duty to keep the
House as closely as possible to the differences
between the two branches upon the proposi-
tion now before us ; and those differences
have finally resolved themselves into this: the
House, by two votes, has declared its desire
that the amendment to be submitted to the
people should contain only a provision by whacn
