474
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
January 20,
meroe] are in their nature national, or admit of one
uniform system or plan of regulation, may justlybe
said to be of such a nature as to require exclusive
power by Congress."—12 Howard, p. 299.
Whatever doubts I may have entertained
anterior to the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States in the ease of Crandle vs.
The State of Nevada, reported in 0 Wallace,
entertaining the highest respect for the legal
tribunals of the country, and considering that
that is this power to determine all constitutional
questions, I should bow, even if I held con-
trary opinions, with the utmost respect to it.
I say, further, if two great railways, meeting
each other at the lines of the respective States
by which they are chartered, and which con-
nect, should be established as post roads, and
refuse to make reasonable and proper con-
nections, and thus furnish an obstruction to
commerce among the States, I am not pre-
pared to say that there is not a power lodged
in Congress to remedy such an evil. But that
would be a power incidental to the principal
power to regulate commerce, and is like the
power to regulate the transportation of goods
over bridges, which are connecting parts of
turnpikes, streets, and railways, and are means
of commercial intercourse, as well as navigable
rivers, and as such under the control of Con-
gress. I turn from these authorities and these
executive expositions of this power in Con-
gress t,o find some case, or some dictum even,
from those high judicial officers who have
thrown light upon the jurisprudence of our
country, laying down a doctrine in opposition
to this, but I look in vain. Not a single ease
can be found maintaining the power of Con-
gress to construct a railroad in a State without
its concurrence, either expressed or implied.
If the Senator from Ohio could have laid his
hand upon one he would not have allowed
the opportunity to have passed. Without the
multiplication of words, for I do not wish to
trespass unnecessarily upon the time of the
Senate, I affirm that no such power exists in
Congress under the Constitution.
But, passing to the next proposition which I
proposed in the argument I have tried to make,
should such power exist in Congress as claimed
in this bill I should protest against its passage
upon the ground of its injurious effect upon the
country. Every man knows tho corrupting
influences which surround legislative bodies in
the interest of corporations and charter seek-
ers, the former striving for ampler powers and
privileges and greater immunities from their
common law liabilities, and the latter seeking
to obtain charters, to be bought up by rival and
existing companies. Once establish Congress
as a corporation manufacturer and you will
transfer to the Rotunda of the Capitol the lob-
bies of thirty-four States, (I believe that is the
number now ;) no, thirty-three and a half, for
only half of Georgia is in. The third house
will outnumber both Houses of Congress put
t ogether. Thousands of miles of railways, in-
tersecting the country at all points, and woven
over it like a spider's web, costing millions of
money, have been built by private. enterprise
under State charters and fostered by State
legislation. The vast capital so expended has,
in a great measure, come from foreign lands,
and after lying idle for years is now beginning
to yield reveulies to the holders of these invest-
ments. Let it be understood that after a pri-
vate company, incorporated by a State, has
raised capital from Europe and opeued up new
territory, and brought to the farmer a market
for his grain, and is about to realize the profit
of its enterprise, Congress shall intervene and
grant charters for parallel roads, without re-
sponsibility to the States, and you paralyze the
whole railroad energy of this country. No
more foreign capital will seek investment in
railroad securities here. Under the present
system, wherever railroads have been needed,
charters for them have always been granted by
the States, as far as my experience goes, with
a single exception. I concur with the Senator
from Ohio in his advocacy of competing lines.
Competition in railwujs, as in everything else,
ought to be encouraged. Wherever capital
and enterprise are willing to open the country
every legislative facility ought to be granted.
No monopolies ought to be permitted, whether
in railways or copper mines or any other branch
of industry. They are odious to republicans,
and are calculated to build up the meanest of
all aristocracies—the aristocracy of money. _
But, Mr. President, I contend that there is
no necessity for any such new roads as pro-
posed by this bill. The State of Maryland has
been foremost in the promotion of works of
improvement. It brought its treasury to the
verge of bankruptcy in advancing and pushing
forward such works, and without selfishness or
disposition to deprive the adjacent States and
territory of their benefit. Of all, the people
of Washington have the least cause to com-
plain. The Chesapeake and Ohio canal, on
which Maryland has sunk in principal and
interest more than fifteen millions of money,
bears upon its waters from the coal and mineral
regions of that State their richest treasures
into the distant cities. It has expended more
than twenty million dollars on which it does
not receive one per cent, interest.
It has been charged by the Senator from
Ohio with fostering the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company to the exclusion of all rival
interests. It is denounced as guarding a mo-
nopoly, and refusing to open, its territory to
rival competition. The accusation is unjust,
and made, I am sure, from want of information,
and not intentionally. Maryland has been
generous to such improvements on all sides.
She has spent at least $8,000,000 of her
money on the Northern Central railway, and
upon the Tide-Water canal at least half as
much. She has granted railway charters with-
out number, both on the eastern and western
shores. She has done it, on the one hand,
while she saw the southern travel by way of
Norfolk and Annemessix diverted from her
great city ; and, on tho other, through Hagers-
town to the Northwest. The branch road to
Washington enables western travelers to pass
to the capital without even seeing Baltimore.
At the session of her Legislature last winter,
out of four hundred and seventy laws passed
nearly fifty were acts of incorporation for new
railways, amendments to old charters, or ap-
propriations in aid of railroad construction.
The same Legislature appropriated $500,000
for the building of railroads in Prince George's,
St. Mary's, and Charles counties, adjoining
this District. It provided for a commission,
now at work, to survey a route for a railroad
from some point in Prince George's county to
the waters of the Chesapeake, at Point Look-
out. At the previous session its Legislature
refused to make any change in the charter of
the Baltimore and Potomac railroad, to which
I shall refer directly, which should prevent a
direct connection over its line between Balti-
more and Washington. That she may have
erred in some of her legislation I do not pre-
tend to deny; but her good far outweighs her
evil.
The capitation tax on the Washington branch
of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad is, in my
judgment, whether constitutional or not, un-
founded in justice or in policy. It exacts as
well from her own citizens as from strangers
an unnecessary and burdensome toll. Its fruits
are but a gain to the coffers of the State of
some seventy-five to ninety thousand dollais
per annum on an average, and it is no compen-
sation for the grievance it inflicts upon citizens
of other States in transit over her territory.
It ought to be, and I trust it will be, repealed
by the Legislature at its next session, for I do
not think it has now the popular sanction ; and
this is manifest by the grant of the charters of
the Metropolitan road and the Baltimore and
Potomac road without the imposition of any
such tax.
Another cause of complaint stated by the
Senator who reported this bill is the failure in
close connections between the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad and the road running northward
to Harrisburg. Tt is a serious inconvenience,
i and ought to have a remedy, and if any consti- I
tutional mode can be suggested for the benefit
of the traveler I shall be most ready to support
it. I am no apologist for the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company, nor of any other
corporation. I am for holding them to the
strictest accountability and keeping them to
letter of their charters ; but I have an innate
sense of justice, and believe in the maxim,
"Audi alteram partemand before I con-
demn I like to hear both sides. The Baltimore
andOhio Railroad Company deny that the fault
of this noii-checking of baggage and of quick
transit through Baltimore city can be laid at
its door. I find that the president of that
company, nearly two years ago, addressed^ to
my predecessor in the Senate the following
letter:
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad,
President's' Office.
Baltimoee, March 29, 1867.
My Dear Sir: X am obliged for your esteemed
favor of 27th instant.
Baggage is checked at our "Washington station for
Philadelphia, Now York, &c., and for all points in
the West by our main stem.
The complaints to which you refer are doubtless m
reference to travel via Ilarrisburg and the Pennsyl-
vania road, as by all other lines the arrangements
are as perfect as practicable.
You are aware that the Pennsylvania company is
not merely a rival but a hostile interest. The Bal-
timore and Ohio Company can furnish no through
cheeks for baggage by the Northern Central road,
which is controlled by thcPennsylvaniaroad, except
arrangements be made with the officers of the latter
company. This company has for years been entirely
willing to make the requisite arrangements to check
baggage through from Washington to all points de-
sired by the Northern Central and Pennsylvania
roads, making but one proviso, which is usual under
similar circumstances, namely, that if tickets are sold
and baggage is checked at our Washington station
the Pennsylvania read shall cease to maintain sepa-
rate and antagonistic offices in Washington. This
reasonable and proper arrangement has not been
accepted, although I haverepeatedl.vcallcd the atten-
tion of the loading directors uf the Northern Central
road to its necessity and propriety.
I fully accord that the public should be accommo-
dated upon this subject, and X am equally satisfied
that the Northern Central Company would cordially
cooperate, if not adversely controlled by the Penn-
sylvania company. Xt would, of coursc.. be useless
to cause this company to maintain additional rival
offices to meet the needless expensiveness of the pres-
ent system in Washington, if tickets for all points,
by either road, at the option of the passenger, could
be obtained at our Washington station.
As the fault of the failure to effect the proper ar-
rangements lies entirely with the Pennsylvaniaroad,
I will be obliged if you will make the requisite ex-
planations to such parties as are interested.
I am, with very great regard, very truly, yours,
J. W. GARRETT, President.
To Hon. Reterdy Johxson.
The Senate can judge whether this company
is justly subject to animadversion or not. That
the Washington branch should earn $30,000
per mile during 1865, at the close of the war,
when large armies and supplies were to be
moved, seemed to the Senator from Ohio to bo
enormous; but when I look at the report of
the Pennsylvania Railroad Company, which I
hold in my hand, I find its revenue for the same
period was equal to $48,768 02 per mile ; and
I believe that for the same period almost all
the important lines of the country exceeded
the sum, which has been pronounced extrava-
gant. I think if the report of I860 had been
examined the Washington branch would have
showed earnings equal to only $15,000 per
mile. At all events, I know that the stock-
holders have not received on an average from
this road since its origin more than nine per
cent, in annual dividends.
But I will not detain the Senate by these
minor points of the discussion.
If greater facilities are needed for travel
northward and northwesterly from this city
Maryland has already provided the means for
itsaccomplishment. As far back as 1850 Mary-
land chartered a company to build the Metro-
politan branch road, which but for the war
would have long since been completed, ft has
been delayed since its close by litigations arising
out of the condemnation of the land, but it is
now in progress and under assurance of its
speedy completion. By it the distance from
the Point of Hocks will be reduced some fifty
miles, and hiconnection with the Pittsburg and
Connellsville road, now being rapidly con-
structed, the distance to Pittsburg will be leas-
