1426
THE G ONGBESSIO JSTAL GLOBE.
February 20,
the equal rights of the people in the matter of
voting would be secured, with all the legal con-
sequences and rights of that provision, among
which, as I understood then and understand
now, is the right to hold office. The only dif-
ference, then, between the House and the Sen-
ate is upon the question whether the proposed
constitutional amendment shall declare, in
' express language, the right of all the people to
hold office as well as to vote. Inasmuch as
the differences which have arisen between the
two branches have, by the successive action of
the two Houses, been diminished till at last
only one point of difference remains, I con-
sider it my duty to got the judgment of the
House. upon that point alone, and so far as in
me lies to preclude all further discussion or
action upon those questions which have been
debated in both branches of Congress, and
upon which, so far as the record shows, there
is now no difference of opinion. Therefore I
must decline to yield to the gentleman from
Ohio to enable him to offer his amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does not the gentleman
consent that I may offer my ameudment ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot under the
circumstances.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hop® the House will give
me an opportunity to have a vote on it.
Mr. SCOFIKLD. I suppose that if we vote,
down the demand for the previous question we
can .have some time, even though the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutweli,] may
not accord it to us.
Mr. SHKLLABAItGER. With the consent
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, I desire
to have read an amendment which I propose
to offer if the previous question should not be
seconded. In order that the amendment may
be the better comprehended I will say that it
is substantially the same proposition which on
a former oecasion, after the discussion we then
had, received sixty-one votes on the llepub-
lican side of this House. Tho main objection
urged to the proposition during the discussion
was that it might possibly be so construed as
to prohibit the enactment of registration laws
and other laws to preserve the purity of the
elections. That objection, which was urged
earnestly by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts and others, had doubtless the effect of
ieducing the vote in favor of the amendment.
That objection is obviated by the form in which
tho amendment is now drawn.
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 yield to allow tho
amendment to be read.
The Clerk road as follows:
In lion of section ono insert tho following:
Neither tho United States nor any Sta-to shall
nbridgo or deny to any nnilo citizen of the United
Mates, of the ago of tivcnty-ono years or over, and
who is of sound mind, an equal vote at all elections
in tkoStatoin which ho shall have sueh actual resi-
dence as shall be prescribed by law, except such as
have engaged, or may lieroaftor ougasje, in insurrec-
tion or rebollion against tho United States, and such
as shall bcdulyconvictodof treason, felony, or other
infamous critvio, But sueh right to vote shall bo
subjeot to such regulations, uniform in thoir appli-
cation to all elector"!, as may be provided by law for
preserving the purity of elections and proscribing
the tiiuos, places, and manner of holding the sama.
Mr. BOUTWliLL. I will consider further
as to that proposition, and will now yield to the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Loc.vx] to offer
an amendment,
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to move lo strike out
the words- "and hold office," so that the reso-
lution shall be left-in the precise language in
which it was sustained by the House and went
to the Senate.
TheSPEAKBR.- Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts allow it to be offered ?
Mr. BOUT WELL. I do.
Mr. RANDALL. Does the gentl eiran from
Illinois thint that they are capable of voting
and not of holding office ?
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I will state to
the House the reason why I make this amend-
ment. I believe the resolution as it passed
the House to be a proper one, and that we
should not adopt such a one as comes to us
frotn the Senate. The Constitution of the
United States does not prohibit the right to
hold office except in one particular place,
where it provides that the President and Vice
President of the United States shall be native-
born citizens. The language of the Consti-
tution in all other cases is "person."
Now, sir, I believe, further, that the inten-
tion of the Constitution of the United States
was to leave to the States to determine what
persons should hold office. I believe it has
been properly left there by the Constitution,
and that is should be allowed to remain there.
That it is necessary to put in the words "and
hold office" to give the colored people the
right to vote is all imagination. There is no
law for it whatever. It has grown out of the
action of the Legislature of Georgia, and there
is no law for it. What we should do, in my
judgment, is to give all men without regard to
race or color the right of suffrage, and when
we give them the right to vote thsy will take
care of the right to hold office.
Let us pass the resolution as we passed it
before, and let itgo to the Senate. If they fail
to give the right of voting to these people; if
the men who have been advocating manhood
suffrage for forty years now refuse to put it in
the Constitution; if they will trample_ down
the principles they have been advocating for
over forty years, let the responsibility rest upon
them. I say we here give all persons the rightto
vote, except those who have been disfranchised
by reason of crime or something of that kind.
The States have the right to do this. The
States ought to have it. They ought to have
the right to say that a man shall not have the
right to vote who has committed treason, bur-
glary, arson, or any other crime. It ought to
he left to the States. There is where our
fathers left it, and it was wisely committed to
them, in my judgment. I have said all I desire
to say.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now yield for five
minutes to my colleague.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I had supposed if there was anything
which was inherent as a principle in the
American system and theory of government,
of equality of all men before the law, and the
right of all men to a share in the Government,
it was this: that the right to elect to office
carries with it the inalienable and indissoluble
and indefeasible right to be elected to office.
Therefore, I am myself almost persuaded not
to vote for the amendment. As it comes to us
from the Senate it provides that no man, on
account of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude, shall be deprived of the right to
hold office. That seems to give color to the
conclusion that there are other classes which
may be deprived of the right to hold office,
although, it seems to me, if we adopt this
provision without a word of protest, the" effect
will be by intendment to legalize that which
lias been done in Georgia in voting the colored
men out of office. If it takes a constitutional
provision to prevent a man from being deprived
of holding office because of race or color, then
the men in the Legislature of Georgia did right
under the Constitution. If it was a simple
exercise of a legal right in their discretion, on
their part, it is a matter of which we cannot
complain. I wish t,o vote for an effectual pro-
vision that will leave beyond doubt the right
to vote, and stop there, because there came
with it the right to be voted for beyond all
question.
But while I have this opinion upon the effect
of this amendment, and have thus entered my
protest against any conclusion that every man
has not the same right to be voted for as to
vote to be drawn from the amendment, yet I
shall vote to concur with the Senate, because
if we do not take this 1 fear we shall get noth-
ing, and we have only put in the Constitution
under protest the assertion of aright that is
fundamental and vital in the American theory
of right in government now. It is apparent to
me that if we do not pass this now as we receive
it from the Senate it will be too late forever to
pass it. There is no previous question in the
Senate, and in tho present state of the public
business it will be almost impossible to have
any new matter of constitutional amendment
reargued there and then pass it through this
House, where filibustering for a few hours may
prevent the passage of this great constitutional
guard. Much, therefore, as I deplore this
interpolation by the Senate of the right to hold
office, yet to save a great right, and with the
protest which I make for myself and for those
who 1 have no doubt will vote with me under
the same feeling, I shall vote to concur in
ord-er that I may save what I can, always being
ready to do the best thing I can do when I can-
not do the thing I would do.
Mr. BOUTWELL. After reflection and con-
ference with gentlemen who think this amend-
ment ought to be again considered I do not
feel at liberty to undertake to control the ac-
tion of the House by virtue of the position I
hold in reference to this measure. Therefore,
while I shall say what I have to say against
the propositions of the two gentlemen from
Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger and Mr. Bingham,]
I still think it is perhaps the better way, with
reference to the final settlement of the ques-
tion, that they should have an opportunity to
present their amendments and take a vote
upon them.
Mr. WOODWARD. I would like to know
if the gentleman will not allow this side of tho
House an opportunity to discuss the question
at least ten or fifteen minutes ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will not. object to
yielding to gentlemen on the other side a por-
tion of the time, but I decline to allow the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to submit his
amendment for various reasons, one of which
is I think it is not within the constitutional
power of this House to make it.
Mr. WOODWARD. You will allow us to
oppose the amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Massachusetts con-
sents to consider as pending the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Siiellabar-
geii] and that of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Logax,] and that he further consents to
allow the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] to offer tin amendment.
Mr. BOUTWELL. That is so.
Mr. BURR. How about the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Woodwakd ?]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts declines to allow it to be offered.
Mr. BURR. But does permit others to be
offered ?
The SPEAKER. He does.
Mr. BURR. That is generous.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now move my amend-
ment, to strike out in line three the words '' by
the United States or," and to insert in line
four the words " nativity, property, creed so
that it will read as follows:
The right of citizens of tho United States to voto
and hold olliee shall not be denied or abridged by any
State on account of race, color, nativity, property,
creed, or previous condition of servitude.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I yield ten minutes to
Ike gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. BINGHAM. I can hardly hope in ten
minutes to state all I ought to say in connec-
tion with this matter. I desire to appeal to my
colleague [Mr. Siiellabarger] by making this
statement: that in the form in which the Sen-
ate has presented this amendment, whatever
of power there is in the several States in this
Union under the Constitution to deprive men
by class of the privilege of the elective fran-
chise on account of participation in rebellion
and decide by judges of election whether they
have participated in rebellion is reserved, and
therefore 1 hope that the gentleman will not
adhere to his form of amendment,, and thereby
raise unnecessarily another question under our
institutions of government.
I beg leave to say further to my colleague
that it would be difficult for him to find a writ-
ten constitution in any country, Christian or
pagan, in which it was ever affirmatively ad-
mitted, as lie proposes to do here to-day, that
