250
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
Ho. ob1 Reps.
Election Contest—Chaves vs. Clever—Mr. Clever.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
sponsible for any default of my non-attendance. This
■was at the pueblo of San Juan yesterday. #
"Question. What reasons did Bon Diego givetoyou
that you would not be responsible if you did not
appear as a-witness? ,
"Answer. The reason he gave was that the ap-
pointment of the deputy marshal was rovoked and
that he, the said marshal, had no right to summon
me."
In this he is contradicted by Diego Archu-
leta, who says on page 120, (ibid.;)
"Question. Do you know Juan Ygoacio Miera, the
witness who has testified in this ease?
"Ansicer. I do.
"Question. Did you see him and nave a conversa-
tion with him on the first day the testimony was
taken here, the 3d day of February ?
"Answer. Isaw him in San Juan. "When I met him
in that place he complained to me that he was
threatened with the penalty of twenty-five dollars
should be fail to appear here at this court. I asked
him by whom. He said by thedeputy marshal, Sena.
I told him that Sena was deceiving him; that he was
no longer deputy marshal, for his appointment had
■been revoked.
"Question. Did you in any manner counsel or ad-
vise him or offer him any inducements not to attend
and testify in this case?
"Answer. No, sir; X thought his evidence would
amount to nothing."
The memory of this witness seems to be
•exceedingly bad. On page 30 he says :
" Question. At what house was the election held, and
who were the judges of election, and who the clerks?
"Ansicer. Theelection washeld at the houseof Ber-
nardo Sanchez in the plaza of Los Ojos. Juan
•Loppz, Francisco Martinez and Bernardo Sanchez,
were the judges, and Philip Madrid and Miguel
Gallegos were the clerks of said election."
Philip Madrid, one of the clerks of the elec-
tion, (on page 15, small pamphlet.) says that
the election was held at the home of Francisco
Martin. Now, I snbmit in all candor to the
members of this House the question: is that
witness to be relied upon; can his testimony
be reconciled ; would a sworn jury entertain it
for a moment < will any one say that a solemn
record could be impeached by such evidence ?
About the precinct of Tierra Amarilla, con-
testant in his notice of contest says that fraud-
ulent poll-books were prepared after the count-
ing of the votes, and attempts to prove his
allegation by Miera. Let us see how he suc-
ceeded. Page 31, (ibid.:')
"'Question. Would you know the poll-books again
were you to see one of them ?
"Answer. Possibly. [Here the poll-list of the elec-
tion was handed to the witness for identification.]
This is not the same poll-book I saw at the election
in Tierra Amarilla." [Poll-book marked " A" in
prcscnec of witness.]
Jesus Maria Ruibal, clerk of the probate
court for Rio Arriba county, called to testify
at the instance of contestant himself, and
whose testimony he is not allowed to impeach,
says, on page 36:
"Question. What is the numberof the Tierra Ama-
rilla precinct?
"Answer. Number 16.
" Question. Did you send a poll-book to the precinct
of Las Truchas ?
"JLnsu?e?\ I sent two. I sent two poll-books to each
precinct.
" Question, By whom did you send those to Tierra
Amarilla?
"Answer. I sent them by Don Philip Madrid, who
happened to be here. Don Philip was not a clerk at
the time I sent them.
41 Question. After the election was held, how many
poll-books were returned from Tierra Amarilla to
your office?
"Answer. The two were returned which I had sent
there."
And on page 39;
" Question. Look at this book that purports to be
the poll-book of Tierra Amarilla; [the poll-book
handed to witness;] has this the same number of
sheets, and no more, that you furnished to Tierra
Amarilla?
"Answer. This is the same book, containing six
sheets, which I sent to Tierra Amarilla, and contains
no moreand nolesssheets, and aslstitched myself."
The testimony of Don Juan Antonio Ruibal,
probate judge for Rio Arriba county, found on
pages 16 and 47, (ibid.,) who was called to
testify by the contestant, sustains the correct-
ness of the poll-books from said precinct. The
depositions of Don Jesus Maria Sena y Baca,
page 118, (ibid.,) and Diego Archuleta, page
119, (ibid.,) fully confirm the evidence of Jesus
Maria Ruibal, probate clerk, and Juan Anto-
nio Ruibal, probate judge.
The testimony of Francisco Martinez y San-
chez, judge of the election, pages 149 to 151,
(ibid.*) and Philip Madrid, one of the clerks
of said election. (Mis. Doc. 14, pp. 14 to 16,
ibid*.,) fully sustains the returns from that
precinct.
Fjlisio Salazar, another witness for contest-
ant, who was a candidate for office and who
smarted under a defeat, was also examined by
contestant, and his testimony seems somewhat
more regular than Miera's. Neither is he a
resident of that precinct, but as Miera had so
contradicted himself that it was feared his testi-
mony would be rejected as unworthy of belief
he, Salazar, had prepared himself more fully
to meet the troublesome emergency. He has
the most of his testimony in writing so as not
to make a mistake, some of which had been
made out but a few days previous to the taking
of depositions, and he was aided in so doing by j
one Antonio Maria Vigil; see pages 78, 80, !
(ibid.) Now, what is most strange in this is j
that the eighty-third and eighty-fourth sections j
of the compiled laws of New Mexico, found on J
page 452, provide : i
"Sec. 83. That the said judges shall close the elec- !
tion at six o'clock in the afternoon, and immediately
thereafter shall open the ballot-boxes and pu bliely
count the votes cast for each candidate, certifying
the poli-books a3 provided bylaw: Provided, That
said judges of election shall order that a copy of the
certificate be entered in the poll-books, then to be
signed by them and clerks, and transmitted to the
justice of the peace of their precinct: Provided,
further, That the said judges of election be required
and obligated to give certified copies to the parlies
interested that may solicit the same: Provided, That
these copies shall not exceed four in number.
"Sec-84. That the said copies mentioned in the pre-
ceding section shall be as valid as the original certif-
icates from which they were taken; and said copies
shall be used and taken as proof in any contested
election in this Territory as though they were the
originals: Provided, That when any person or per-
sons shall solicit of any justice of the peace a copy of
the certificate on file m his office the said justice of
the peace shall give a certified copy thereof free of
charge."
Now, Salazar says (see page 18, ibid.) "that
he went to Tierra Amarilla/or the purpose of
watching the election, looking out for the elec-
tion, and to challenge illegal voters, and that
he was a candidate for senatorHe came
to watch the election—meaning that watching
was necessary. Being a candidate for senator
implied that he would be a man of some intel-
ligence, and is presumed to have known the
laws of the Territory. Being thus distrustful,
why did he not ask for a certificate ? Why does
the contestant omit or avoid to produce the
certificate filed with the justice of the peace in
conformity with the law just read ? The legal
presumption is that the officers complied with
the law ; and this presumption is strengthened
by the fact that no evidence has been presented
creating a doubt as to such compliance. But
contestant is satisfied with the evidence of wit-
nesses, living fifty-four miles away from the scene |
of action. Compliance with law is nothing, i
The motto liO homines semper at servitutem
paratus/" is all that is desired. And this ac-
cords with the objection made by counsel for
contestant when it was proposed to examine
a judge of the election of the precinct of Tierra
Amarilla who had been cited by them to appear
and testify as to the vote given in that precinct.
On page 117 we find the following:
M The counsel for Charles P. Clever offered to intro-
duce as a witness in the above entitled cause Fran-
cisco Martinez y Sanchez, one of the judges of election
at the last general election in the precint of Tierra
Amarilla, county of Rio Arriba, the name of said
witness being included in the notice served by the
said J. Francisco Chaves on Charles P. Clever, and
being in attendance in obedience to a subpena served
upon him in conformity with the said notice. To his
examination as a witness counsel for Chave3 ob-
jected, and the court sustained the objection, and the
said witness was not permitted to be examined.
"To which counsel for Clever protested and asks
that this his protest be spread on the record.
" Upon the offer of the counsel of Charles P. Clever
to introduce Francisco Martinez y Sanchez the coun-
sel for J. Francisco Chaves opposed the introduction
of said witness because no notice had been served upon
the contestant of an intention to examine the said
witness on the part of the said Charles P. Clever."
Why this objection? Were the judges of
election, necessarily residents of Tierra Ama-
rilla, less qualified to expose the fraud contest-
antavers to have been committed than witnesses
living fifty-four miles away from the precinct?
I leave it to the members of this House to
make their own deductions.
Miera is positively contradicted by the pro-
bate judge and his clerk, as alsoby the testimony
of Sena y Baca, Archuleta, and others, to say
nothing of the testimony of Francisco Martinez
y Sanchez, judge, and Philip Madrid, clerk of
the election, who testify positively that 464 votes
were cast, of which respondent received 452.
Sanchez says, page 149, (ibid.:)
" Francisco Martinez y Sanchez sworn:
"Question. What is your age, wheredo youreside,
and how long have you resided in your present place
of residence?
"Answer. I am forty-one years of age. Ilive in La
Tierra Amarilla, in the county of Rio Arriba, and
have resided there for the last seven years.
41 Question. Where were you on the day of the last
general election held in this Territory for Delegate
to Congress?
"Answer. I was in Tierra Amarilla, and was one
of the judges of the election of the precinct of Tierra
Amarilla. ...
" Question. Were you present from the opening ot
the polls until the closing of the same?
"Answer. I was present from the opening to the
closing of the polls.
" Question. Were ^ou present when the votes cast
at that precinct were counted? If so, state if you
recollect how many votes were cast at that precinct,
and how many votes were cast for Charles P. Clever
and how many for J. Francisco Chaves,
" Ansioer. I was present when the votes were
counted; there were 464 votes polled on that day at
that precinct; Clever received 452 votes, to the best
of my recollection, and J. Francisco Chaves received
12 votes. . .
" Question. Was the result of the election publicly
announced to the persons present, and on such an-
nouncement being made was there any dissatisfac-
tion expressed at the result announced by any person
present? , ,. ,
"Answer. The result of the election was publicly
announced, and no person present expressed any
dissatisfaction as to the result of the election."
Philip Madrid says, page 15, (ibid.:)
"Answer. I am thirty years of age, a laborer, and
I reside in Tierra Amarilla.
"Question 2. Where were you on the day of the
general election in the year 1867, held in this Terri-
tory?
"Answer. I was at the Tierra Amarilla, and clerk
of the election. „
"Question 3. Were you present at the opening ot
the polls to the closing of the same on that day ?
"Answer. I was.
"Question 4. At what time did the polls close?
"Answer. At six o'clock p. in.
"Question 5. Who were the judges and clerks ot
election on that day? .
"Ansioer. Bernardo Sanchez, Francisco Martinez
y Sanchez, and Juan Lopez were the judges oi the
election, and Miguel Gallegos and myself were the
clerks
"Question 6. If you remember what were the num-
ber of votes cast at that precinct on that day for
Delegate state it. , _ __
"Answer. Mr. Chaves received 12 and Mr. Clever
received 452.
"Question 7. Where were the votes counted, and
were they counted in your presence ?
"Answer. They were countcd at the house of £ran-
cisco Martin, where the election was held, and were
counted in my presence.
"Question 8. In what manner were the votes
counted? „ . , .. .
"Answer. The tickets were taken from the ballot-
box and strung on a string.
"Question 9. After the votes were counted what
was done with the tickets and poli-books?
"Answer. They were all placed in the ballot-box,
and the box placed in the hands of one of the judges
of election to be delivered to the probate judge, but
as the judge had no horse the box was delivered to
me to be delivered to the probate judge.
" Question 10. When and to whom did you deliver
the ballot-box and poll-books?
"Answer. After tne election: but Ido not recollect
the day I delivered them, but it was in the saino
week I delivered them to Juan Antonio Rmbal, who
was then judge of probate."
Don Antonio Ruibal, probate judge, says,
page 47, (ibid.:)
"Cross-examined:
"Question. Who delivered you the poll-book from
Tierra Amarilla?
"A nswer* Philip Madrid.
"Question. Did you see this poll-book before it was
sent to Tierra Amarilla?
"Answer. I did. ,
"Question. Was it in any way changed or altered
by bim until it was returned to him ?
"Answer. It was not.
" Question. Did you examine it after it was returned
to you by Philip Madrid? # T
"Answer. 1 did not examine it until the day 1
counted the votes.
