1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
40th Cong....3d Skss.
Election Contest—Chaves vs. Clever—Mr. Clever.
Ho. of Beps.
" Question. Could it have been altered or changed
after it cnmp to yo.;r hand*, and before the votes
weie counted, without your knowing it? i
"Answr, No. j
•" (juration. Lnok at it and see if it appears as itdid !
when jou counted the votes as probate judge? 1
"Answer. It is in the same condition." i
And remember that Ruibal is the contest- •
ant's witness, and the statement I have just
lend is from his cross-examination. !
Jesus Maria Sena y Baca says, page 118, i
[ibid*:)
,l Question. AYere you present at the house of the
ptubatc judge, Juan Antonio Ruibal,at the time the
poll-books were received from the precinct of Tierra
Amariila, in this county? If so, state on what day
and what timeof the day they were received, and who
brought thoin,
" Ansxcer, I was present when those poll-books
were received, on the day I left, for Santa F6. I am
not certain as to the day, but I thiok it w.is Thurs-
day. The messenger was Pmhp Madrid, one of the
cletks of election at Tierra Amariila. It was in the
forenoon, between ten and eleven o'clock, that they
were received. Juan Antonio Ruibal, Jesus Maria
Ruibal, I think—I am sure that Don Diego Aiehu-
leta and Juan Garcia were present.
"Question. Did you see the poll-books when they
were delivered to the probate judge at or about that
time, and do ycu think that you would recognize
them again if you s<tvv them?
" Answer. I ?aw the poll-book? delivered to the pro-
bate judge. I think I would recognize them if I
should see ihem.
" Question. Look at Exhibit A, now shown you, and
see if you recognize it as the book, and by what do
you recognize it ?
" Answer. I recognize this to be one of the books;
there were two ol them, as one was delivered by
Philip Madrid, one ot the clerks of the election, to the
probate judge; I recognize it by the paper, but by no
particular mark, because I did not examine it par-
ticularly, as I only wanted to see how the election
had gone.
44 Question. Did you look at the certificate of the
judges? If so, look at it again, and see if the certifi-
cate appears now as it did then, as to the number of ;
votes and appearance. _ I
"Answer. It looks to me to be the same certificate, i
with the same number of votes: I observe no change ;
in it; Itookthenumberofvotedfromthe poll-books." :
Diego Archuleta sa)*s, page 119, (ibid.:) j
"Question. Where do you reside now, and where ,
did you reside during the last election ? i
"Answer. In the county ot Rio Arriba, Territory |
of New Mexico, Plaza of Luceros. j
"Question. What is your age, and what are the
offices, both under the Mexican Government and j
that of the United States, which 3rou have held ? i
"Answer. I am fitty-fou* years of age; Iwasfusta :
captaiu m 1841 under the Mexican Government, and
breveted to the rank of lieutenant colonel in the j
same ye:«r. In 1S44 and 1843 I was delegate to the ,
Mexican Congress from JS'ew Mexico. In 1846, at ■
the time General Kearney entered New Mexico, I i
was colonel and sccond in command of General j
Armijo. In lSdU, before the terriloria-l government j
wi« organized. 1 was* appointed district judge of the 1
first district. In 1857 1 was appointed Indian agent ;
for the Capote Ures. In the lebellion of 1861 I was '
in command of six companies as lieutenant colonel ;
m Fort Ummi. I was afterward appointed agent for j
the same Indians, I have been a member of the |
Legislative Assembly, both houses. I am now a i
member of the territorial council.
"Question. Were > ou at the houfcof Juan Antonio ,
Iluibal, the then piobate judge ol the county ot Rio
Amba, at the time the pull-books from Tierra Ama- ,
nilu weie received? If >o, who delivered tUcm* ■
>">n wlrit day were they delivered, and what time of
"-■Li.-!rer. I wad at the house of Mr. Ruibal when
Philip Madrid delivered the poll-books from Tie;ra ■
Amanlia. It was on the 6th of September, between
two and three o'clock p. in. :
" Quezon. Who, besides yourself, was present at ;
tin, time of deliveij, and to whom were the boons ;
delivered? r>
'* Anticer. Juan Garcia, Jesus Maria Sena y l>aca,
and mj&elf. The books were dcliveicd to Juan An-
tonio Iluibal. the then probate judge.
"Question. Did you see tho poll-books, and do you ,
think you would recognize them were you to see them
M* Ain ? . ill I
" Answer. I saw them, and. think I would know 1
theniit 1 -hould -*ee them acain. ,
" Q:ic*tion. Look at Exuibit A, now shown you, and ,
see u you recognize it as one oi the poll-books then '
delivered; and if so, by what do you recognize it ? !
"-4«$«•<?>•. I have no doubt but that it is one oi :
them. 1 know it by nze, and lam eeitam it is one
ot thorn, because I had them in my hands. , . . i
"Question, Did >wu see the ceifilieate ot tuc judges i
of election to the poll-books? It so, state whether j
I his appears to be one ot them, from tho number of f
votes and general appearance, or not.
"An-iccr. I saw the eertiiieato. It is the same 1
saw. .. _
" Question. Look at it and see if it is eertihed to
by the judges and elcrko of election ?
" Answer. It is.
" Question. What is theimmberofvote*,asappears
by this certificate, given to the respective candidates 1
to Control?
Answer. Chaves received 12 votes, Clever received
4")2 votes, as appears by the certificate.
" Question. Look at the names and numbers regis-
tered on the poll-oook referred to, those in blackink
as well as those in blue, and see if they appear to be
in the same handwriting or not.
"Answer. I think that they are written by the
same hand; the only difference is in the color of the
ink."
-Five witnesses rebut the allegations of fraud
and sustain the verity of the official record,
and three of these witnesses were public officers,
who must necessarily have the best means of
knowing all the facts of the case. They swear
clearly and positively as to these facts, and they
are not only unimpeached, bat not the slightest
attempt has been made or could be made to
shake their veracity. And yet the committee
have utterly ignored all of this evidence, and
for all that appears in their report this House
would be ignorant of its existence. The com-
mittee say that the testimony of Micra and
Salazar sustain the allegations of fraud and
should be conclusive here; but they omit to
tell you thatfive credible witnesses contradicted
in tofo these two wandering, willing witnesses.
The preponderance of unimpeached testimony,
then, is largely in favor of the returns and their
correctness, and a part of this testimony conies
from the contestant's own witnesses.
It is therefore difficult to determine how the
committee could arrive at the conclusion that
the point made by the contestant is sustained.
What principles of law or rules of evidence
were applied to airive at that conclusion I
sincerely confess I am unable to imagine.
There is a peculiar feature in this case to
which I shall briefly call the attention of the
House. It will be remembered that upon the
presentation of my credentials, in November,
1867, the honorable Speaker stated that he had
received from the territorial secretary a letter
notifying him that he, the secretary, had been
compelled by force to sign his name to such
credentials. The office of territorial secretary
is an honorable one and its incumbent, to some
extent, has to exercise official functions in
counting returns for Delegate to Congress.
Decency requires that he should interfere no
more than is required of him by law in the
performance of those official acts. The judge
who would interfere in the management of
cases coming before him foradjudicationis cer-
tainly unworthy to wear the judicial ermine,
and when a secretary is found to interfere to
such an extent as we find that Secretary Heath
has interfered in this case it is fair to presume
that there must be a motive in so doing.
Now, we find that the depositions of the ter-
ritorial secretary occupy nearly one half of the
two printed pamphlets of testimony in the case.
We find him not only as secretary and witness,
but we also find him as attorney, sole attorney,
and attorney for the attorneys of the contestant.
We also find that without having been sum-
moned ns witness duces tecum he has taken
possession of the records under his charge, be-
longing to the archives of his Territory, and
transferred them to Washington, (seepage 79:)
"The poll-book of Tierra Amariila is now de-
manded by counsel for Mr. Clever, and it appearing
tint the samehad been sent to Washington withtes-
timony previously taken tne counsel for the eon-
testee enters his objections to the testimony of this
witness and proceeds with the cross-examination
under protest. , ,
"To this counsel for Mr. Chaves states tnat the
poll-book for Tierra Amariila, being a part of the
lecord in tile testimony taken in Canada, in i> io Ar-
nba county, and not haying been introduced upon
tit ee^umination-in-chief here. it was not competent
fur counsel for Mr. Clever on the cross-examination
of this witDess to call for it. Said poll-book has
been transmitted to Washington city as part of the
reeoid and testimony in this case previously taken
m La Canada, in Kio Arriba county."
That the Secretary, witness, &c., was also
attorney is apparent from what we find on page
tiOj (ibid..) as follows:
Santa Fe, New Mexico, February 13,1SS8.
Sir: The undersigned, attorneys for J. f. Chaves,
in ease of contested election to a seat in iortieth
Congress, finding it impossible to personally attend
tho taking ot tho eviduuee in said contested election ,
at La Junta, on the 14th instant, respectfully re-
quest that you represent us at that time and place
and superintend the taking of testimony.
Very respectfully, yours.
BENEDICT & ELKINS,
Attorneys for Chaves*
It is shown in his testimony, and itdid so
appear before the committee, that the poll-
books of every precinct concerning which con-
testant complains were annexed to the depo-
sitions, sealed up by the judge before whom
the depositioas were taken5 and transmitted to
Washington. When the respondent desired to
explain and correct testimony concerning these
poll-books the cool answer was, u They have
gone to Washington.'''' Now, I submit to the
members of this House in all candor if it was
just to thus deprive me of an opportunity by
evidence to fully ventilate the record evidence
produced here? But the Secretary goes even
further. Although he is one of the attorneys
of record for contestant, and had also given
his evidence positively aud pointedly, he still
thought there might be some difficulty about
his case, and therefore induced his co-attorneys
to address a letter to my friend, the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Elections, re-
questing him to order the secretary as a witnesa
on to Washington. Mr. Dawes has kindly con-
sented to my taking a copy of that letter, which
I now send to the Clerk's desk with the re-
quest that it be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Santa J\k, January 81,186S,
Sir: The undersigned, attorneys for Colonel J-
Francisco Chaves, m case of contested election be-
tween him andC.P. Clever, esq., feel it a duty incum-
bent upon us, after having made a thorough exam-
ination of the poll-books of the different localities
where frauds occurred at the September election for
Delegate to Congress from this Territory, to inform
you, both as Colonel Chaves's attorneys and his per-
sonal and political friends, to say that from the re-
markable character of the poll-lists no adequate
idea can be obtained of them, and the character of
frauds patent upon them, through evidence or copies.
We have therefore most earnestly to request that
General H. H. Heath, the territorial secretary, who
is perfectly conversant with every minutia of their
character, be ordered on as a witness, with such offi-
cial papers and returns of said election as bear upon
the case, satisfied as we are that an examination of
them by yourself and yourcommittee, in connection
with the evidence now being taken, will insure jus-
tice in the premises.
We would further state that General Jloa'h. has
leave of absence from the State Department, but does
not wish to go to Washington so soon as we desire
without being ordered on.
Whatever replyyou maybe pleased to moke to the
above request we respectfully ask be telegraphed to
Denver City, Colorado Territory, to be forwarded to
us by letter, the expenses of which will be paid by
Colonel Chaves or General Heath.
Very respectfully, your obedient sor-rants,
BENEDICT & ELKINS,
Attorney dj or J. i'\ Chaves.
Hun. Henry L. Dawes,
Chairman Committee of Election*)
House of iiepresentatioes, Washington, D. C.
Mr. CLEVER. It does seem that the disin-
terested secretary was very willing to pay ex-
penses it" ordered on to Washington. I now
send to the Clerk's desk a paper, without mak-
ing any comment thereon, except to say that it
is signed by Hon. Francisco Perea, a firstcousin
of the contestant, who was the Delegate from
New Mexico in the Thirty-Eighth Congress,
and who has many friends and acquaintances
on the floor of this House. He is one of the
most respected and influential citizens of our
Territory : one whose strict integrity lias never
been called in question. This paper is exem-
plified under the seal of a United States court,
and bears date October, 1867, shortly after the
election for Delegate.
The Clerk read as follows :
Tkebitory op New Mexico,
County of Bernalillo. 5«:
Thisday personally appeared before me, the under-
signed, clerk of the district court of the United States
for the second judicial district of the Territory of
Sew Mexico, Francisco Perea, and beiDg duly sworn
says, that some time about the—day of September,
A. D.1867, he was present, when several of the polit-
ical friends of Colonel J. Francisco Chaves were gath-
ered together, and while they were so gathered to-
gether it was stated by some of the political friends
of Mr, Chaves that he. Chaves, had gone to Santa Fe
to superintend tlie counting of the votes for Delegate
