1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1427
a municipality of a common nationality and
within its general jurisdiction can by a gen-
eral law pronounce upon citizens in gross the
ostracism. There is a word in your Consti-
tution that forbids it. That tremendous power
belongs exclusively to the nation. That power
does not belong to the States. Three States
have been trying to assert this power, with
what success remains to be seen in the near-
coming future. The great majority of the
States have refused to even entertain it. Sir,
in your Constitution are these words, that—
" The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
tho privileges and immunities of citizens in the sev-
eral States of this Union."
Put such an affirmative proposition into your
Constitution as that suggested by my colleague,
and what is there to restrain Ohio, after that
act, from saying to. Michigan,Inasmuch ag
all your citizens are under the ban of our sus-
picion they shall not vote without challenge
in the State of Ohio, and until they have been
tried for crime before a board of election
judges.'' Sir, there is nothing in our history
to justify this proceeding.
1 know very well that in the fourteenth arti-
cle of amendments there are the words—and I
know something of their origin—"except on
account of participation in rebellion or other
crimes," but there are no other words follow-
ing, as my colleague proposes, "or who shall
have been convicted of other crimes," thereby
leaving the Constitution open to a fair inter-
pretation that men are not to be convicted of
crimes without a trial under the limitations of
the Constitution of our common country. But
if there be merit in my colleague's proposition
I ask the gentleman to consider that it is saved
by the Senate amendment. That is enough.
Jf it can stand the ordeal of the Constitution
let it stand. But I ask the gentleman not to
undertake an experiment of this kind in this
day and in this hour of the Republic.
As to the proposition of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Logak,] and the suggestion of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
i,er,] I agree with both of them. If you will
so amend the Senate amendment as I have
proposed you will extend equal protection to
the great body of American citizens, native-
born and naturalized, black and white. The
proposition of the gentleman from Illinois is
eminently proper, wise, and just if the amend-
ment be extended to all classes of citizens, as
I propose, and I shall vote for it. The sug-
gestion of the gentlemau from Massachusetts,
in the event that the proposition shall be so
amended as to include all classes of citizens,
has great significance, one that the great body
of the people will take care of, that electors,
subject only to the limitations now imposed
by the national and by State constitutions as
to age and residence, shall have equal right,
in the exact words of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, "to be elected to the several
offices."
I am favorable to the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Illinois for another reason, that
this amendment of the Senate "or hold office,"
together with the other words of limitation
' ' by the ITnited States, or," which I propose to
strike out, seems to intimate for the first time
by the action of the Congress that the Consti-
tution of the United States has heretofore dis-
criminated among natural-born citizens as to
their eligibility to the office of President, and
among other citizens as to their eligibility to
other offices under the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. Speaker, I undertake to say that there
is in our past history no authoritative utter-
ance of any man whose opinions are entitled
to consideration to the effect that the Consti-
tution of the United States^ ever did discrim-
inate among natural-born citizens^ having at-
tained the prescribed age as to their eligibility
to the office of President of the United (states,
and if there be any man within the hearing of
my voice who ever read a page of the history
of the Republic in conflict with this utterance
I will be under special obligations to him if
he will point it Out. Why, equality of the law-
is the very rock of American institutions, and
the reason why I desire to amend this propo-
sition of the Senate is that a§ it stands itsw^eps
away that rock of defense by providing only
against State usurpation in favor of eolored
citizens, to the neglect of ec(ual protection of
white citizens. While colored citizens are
equal in rights with every other class of cit-
izens before the majesty of American law, as
that law stands written this day, I am unwill-
ing to set them above every other class of
citizens in America by amending the Consti-
tution exclusively in their interest. The im-
port of my amendment is to protect all classes
alike, and I ask a vote upon it.
I ask the attention of the House to the
amendment I have offered. I leave the word
"color" as it stands in the Senate amend-
ment. I leave the words " or previous condi-
tion of servitude " as they stand in the Senate
amendment. I leave the word "race" as it
stands in the Senate amendment. All those
words are applicable to colored citizens of the
United States. But that all citizens, native-
born and naturalized, black and white, "may be
equal, so far as political rights are concerned,
under the operation of the Federal Constitu-
tion, I ask leave of this House to insert the
additional words "nativity, property, creed."
By the Senate amendment as it now stands you
will strike down the constitution of Ohio and
the constitutions of twenty other States, in
that they unjustly and wrongfully discriminate .
among citizens on account of color. If my
amendment shall be adopted you will strike
down as well the constitutions of other States,
as for example the State of Rhode Island,
which wrongfully and unjustly discriminates
this day by property qualifications against
naturalized citizens of the United States as
compared with native-born citizens, and I
use the words of her constitution. I would
have inserted the other word "education,"
but I know that the general sense of the
American people is so much for education,
that chief defense of nations, that if they will
not take care of that interest they will take
care of nothing.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwkll]
allow me to offer an amendment?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will allow the amend-
ment to be read.
Mr, LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I desire to
move the following as a substitute for the prop-
osition of the Senate:
Abticie —.
No State shall make or enforce any law which shal
deny or abridge to any male citizen of the united
States of the age of twenty-one years or over, and
who is of sound mind, and who has resided in suea
State one year, and has complied with such regula-
tions equally applicable to all electors as to legisla-
tion and local residence, not greater than one year,
as may be prescribed by law, an equal right to Tote
by baliot at all elections in such State, except only
to such as have aided or participated m, or may aid
or participate in, insurrection or rebellion agrmst
the United States, or any State, or to such as snail
be duly convicted of treason, felony, or miamous
crime.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot yield to allow
that amendment to be offered. I now yield for
ton minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, fllr. Woodward.]
Mr. WOODWARD addressed the House.
[See Appendix.]
Mr. liANDALL. I move that the whole
subject be laid ou the table.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order, the
gentleman from Massachusetts holding the
^°Mr. RANDALL. Prom that decision I take
an appeal, and on that motion demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House sustained the decision of the
ChMr.' BOUTWELL. I desire very much that
this question shall be closed to-night. Unless
some arrangement is made the House will take
a rooess at halt past four, and if then undis
posed of this question will go over. . I there-
fore move the following resolution :
Resolved, That Hie rules be suspended and th®
evening session for to-day fee dispensed with, and
the House proceed immediately to ve.te on the pend-
ing amendments to the Senate joint resolution with-
out dilatory motions.
Mr. CHANLBR. That does' riot'suspend
the right to have the yeas and nays on the
amendments?
The SPEAKER. It does not, that being
provided for in the Constitution ?
Mr. KNOTT. Is it in order to move to
adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. Pending the motion to
suspend the rales one motion to adjourn is in
order.
Mr. KNOTT moved that the House adjourn,
and on that motion demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 29, nays 144, not voting
40 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Axteli, Beck, Boyer, Burr,
Chanler, Vox, Getz, Uolladay, Grovt'r. Haight, Hol-
man, Hotchkiss, Humphrey, Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones, Knott, Marshall, MeCormick, McCullough,
Mnngen, Niblaek, Hicholson, Randall, Robinson,
Ross, Stone, "Van Trump, and "Woodward—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Aracs, Delos K. Ashley,.
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman,
Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Blair,
Boutwell, Boy&en, Bromwell, Brooinall, Buckley,
Roderick R. Butler. Cake, Callis, Churchill, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Clift.Cobb, Cook, Corley,
Covode, Caliom, Dawes, Deweese, Diekey, Dockery,
Dodge, Donnelly, Brings, Eekley, Edwards, Eggle-
otftr, TJinmns TV I0li.it .Tames T. Elliott. Earns-
WOri.il. J? errifes, -Eietua. xicuvu, u«wm/iu,
GraveTy, GriswoM, BCalsey. Hamilton, Hausney,
Hawkins Heaton, Hig-by, Hill, Hooper, Hopkms,
Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, IngersoU,
Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg,
Kelsey, Ketcbam, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, Lash,
George V. Lawrence, "William Lawrence, Logan,
Longhridge,- Lynch, Mailory, Marvin, Maynard,
McEec, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell,
Myers, Newcomb, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Per-
ham, Peters, Petti?, Pike. Pile, Plants, Poland,
Pomeroy, Prince, Haum, Robertson, Roots. Sawyer,
Sehenck, Scofteld, Selye, Shanks, Shellabarger,
Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Stevens. Stones,
Stover. Sypher, Taber. Taffe, Taylor. Thomas, John
Trimble, Trowbridge, Xwichell .Upson, Y an Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Cad-
walader C. "Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wel-
ker, Whittemore, Thomas Williams. William Wil-
liams, James F. Wi]son,Stephen F.W ilson, W mdom,
and Woodbrictge—144. -
NOT VOTIN G—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell,
Bailey, Barnes, Barnum, Blackburn, Boles, Bowen,
Brooks, Buckl'and, Benjamin E. Butler.Cary, Coburn,
Cornell, Delano, Dixon, Eldridge, Ferry, Glossbren-
ner, Harding, Asah el W". Hubbard, Richard I). Hub-
bard, Jenekes, Kerr, Lincoln, Loan, McCarthy. Mor-
rissey, Mullins, N"ewsham, Norris, Phelps, Pierce,
Polsley, Price, Pruyn, Sitgreaves, Stewart, litt,
Lawrence S.Trimble, Van Auken, Van Wyck. v idai.
Elitiu B. Washburne. Henry D. Washburn, John I.
Wilson, Wood, and Young—J9.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion to sus-
pend the rules. .
Mr. WOODWARD. I rise to a question of
privilege, as I understand it. I ask leave to
print so much of my speech as the gentlemau
from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] would
not consent to my delivering.
No objection being made, leave to print was
accordingly grantsd. [See Appendix, j
The question being put on suspending the
rules, there were—ayes 113, noes 30.
Mr. CHANLER. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. SCO FIELD. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question "was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 144, nays 37} not voting
41; as follows:
YE 4S—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos Ashley.
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman,
Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Blaii,
Boutwell, Bowen. Bromwell, Broomall, Biickiand,
Buckler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Ciillis.Uiurchill,
Header W. Claike, Sidney Clarke, Chtt, ( obb,^Co-
bum, Cook, Corley, Covode. Cullom, Dawes, Deweese,
Dickey, Dockery Dodge, Donnelly Drigsss. Eekley.
Eggleslon, Ela. Thomas D. iliot. James I. MUott,
Farnsu-orth, Perries, E<wry,. Fields, 1 Gar-
field, Goss, Gove, Gravely, (Jriswolrt. Halsej, Hamil
ton, Haughey. Heaton, Hisby. Hill, Hooper. Hop-
kins, Chester D. Huhbard, Hulbard
soli. Jenckes, Alexander_ H. Jones.,J add,jJaliao.
Kelley. Kellogg, Kelsey Keteham, K'tehc >.K°onti,
LaSin, Lash, George V. Lawrence, William t«aw
