1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
475
ened by seventy-four miles and to Cincinnati
by one hundred and twenty-eight miles, as
compared with the shortest lines to Washing-
ton by the Northern Central road.
Again, in speaking of the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company the Senator from
Ohio says:
" Its rivals arc not allowed by the State of Mary-
land to compete here. "Washington is excluded from
the benefit of this healthy competition." "" *
' * "It is a monopoly in that it prpvents all
rival lines, and indeed every means of railroad
transit from the residence of three fourths of tliepeo-
ple of the United States to Washington, except over
their road. Capitalists and rival interests would
have built other railroads to Washington lop? since,
and the only obstruction is this railroad, which lias
thus far defeated all competition and lias monopo-
lized on its own terms the railroad transit to \V ash-
ington."
Now, the honorable Senator entirely ignores
the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Com-
pany, of which I have spoken.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. WHYTE. With great pleasure.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend must be aware
that the Baltimore and Potomac Company was
not believed to have the power to come to
Washington ; and it was by the eneigy and
persistence and continued labor of my col-
league, [Mr. Wade,] for days and days here
in the Senate, that authority was finally given
to make a connection with that road in order
to get to Baltimore ; and that was opposed
with great violence, to my surprise, by the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company. My
colleague availed himself of an old charter of
Maryland for a road from Baltimore down to
Point Lookout or some other place in the
lower Y>art of Maryland to authorize a connec-
tion with that road, and also availed himself
of an authority in that charter to run a branch
twenty miles "to get this competition of which
the Senator speaks.
Mr. WHYTE. I grant it and I accept it. I
am speaking of to-day; I am answering a
proposition of to-day, not of the past; and I
honor the distinguished President of this body
that he saw there was the proper mode of mak-
ing a rival line to the Baltimore and Ohio Rail-
road line. It showed his wisdom, and I would
have voted with him and supported him if I
had had the honor to hold a seat on this floor
at that time. I am speaking of to-day, not of
yesterday. I say you ignore the fact that you
have given power to this Baltimore and Poto-
mac road to enter the District of Columbia,
and Maiyland has given it power to move from
the District of Columbia across its own terri-
tory to Baltimore, and to connect with the
Northern Central railway or any other rail-
road, thus making a rival road to the Baltimore
and Ohio road. 1 am defending my State
from the imputation that she has guarded and
protected a monopoly. 1 do not belong to the
fossils of the past; 1 am speaking of the men
of to-day. I reiterate that when my distin-
guished "friend from Ohio spoke in the_Senate
Chamber, a few davs ago, he entirely ignored
the Baltimore and Potomac road, a rival inter-
est incorporated by the State of Maryland,
without the imposition of any capitation tax,
ably presided over by the newly-elected Gov-
ernor of the State, and whose road is now being
rapidly constructed. That road is guided and
governed by the men of 186'J and not of 1832.
it, is no myth, but a living thing. Its advan-
tages have been well known, and the subscrip-
tion books to its capital stock have been long
wide open for the rich capitalists of Washing-
ton to embark their fortunes in this much-
needed and long-sighed-for artery to the heart
of the nation. To show how they have re-
sponded to the munificent offer of that com-
pany I beg the patience of the Senate while I
read a letter from its worthy president:
Fair View, Colt.ixutox Post Office,
Peikck Gkoece County. M \ryl \m>,
J)CC€IIWC)' oi, lOOb.
wh
tu
My T)e \r Sir : T desire to repeat to you m writing
h.u J mU orally .  t w days ..Witt I that.
ie "Baltimore and Potomac rnili" k1, • of
the president, will, i foink, beyond doubt b~
completed from Baltimoro to Washington by Jan-
uary, 1870.
Nearly every mile of this part of tho road is being
now rabidly gi<ulcd, tome of the sections bave been
completed, and tho grading of tlio*enot yet under
way will bo immediately commenced.
Our contracts have just been made for cross-tic?.
We arc about to commence tho bridging, which for
the present will be only of a temporary character, to
enable us to get our trains immediately to running,
and thus enable us also tolran^poj t by rail the heavy {
material for constructing the bridges of a permanent
nature.
The road will be, as you are aware, in all respects
a first quality one, with its northern and western
connections made by steam, and without changc of
cars at Baltimore. The route will be rather around
than through Baltimore toourdepoton the northern
side of that eiry. • The time between the cities of
Baltimore and Washington will not be over one hour,
and every facility and comlort will bo offered both
to through and local travel. _
It may nor, be generally known to members of Con-
gress that this new road is exempt from tho "capita-
tion tax''which i* imposed upon the present Balti-
more and Washington road, and that tho connection
which the Sherman bill piopo^cs to make with the
Pennsylvania Central is already made with it by tho
Baltnuoic and i'otouiac through the Northern Cen-
tral.
The writer refers to this hill by its popular
name as li the Sherman bill."
The Baltimore and Potomac load completed, as
it surely will boin a year, we have two first class and
competingroads between Washington and Baltimore,
each one connecting with rival roadsin tholattcrcity
to the West, and n No giving the sainechoicc of routes
to New Yorkand Philadelphia viailarrisburg which
the.SiiEiSMAX bill proposes.
"V^hsvtf?then, can poe-ibly be th<? n^cc^sity or the
mobL/c for the incorporation of this National "Koad
North? If it is to allow the investment of Washing-
ton capital it has an oppoitunity already often d it
in the Baltimore and Potomac, in which, notwith-
standing Washington is so gt eatlv interested, yet not
one dollar has been invested by her citizens, or one
share of the stock owned bv them.
Recognizing that the facilities or accommodations
of trade and travel do not require a third road from
Washington and Ballimoic, (the granting of the char-
ter for which might have only the eil'ect to cmbairass
the new road, which is being built against the oppo-
sition of already powerful interests)—
Governor Bowie has reference to the Balti-
more and Ohio Railroad Company, with which
his road is in antagonism—
I have wiitten you thus fully in the confident be-
lief that you will be able to bucee&rfuliy impress tboso
views upon Congress.
Only by reading the views themselves, as
presented by the Governor to Congress :
You arc at liberty to raako any use you think
proper of this let tor, oven to publishing it ifnccessniy.
I am, with high regard, your friend, truly and
respectfully, 01)EN BOWIE.
Hon. WlbLlAM I'jnkn-ky WlI\TK,
United M'Ocx
I have here a map of this road, showing its
courses,and giving, with the other roads,a view
of the routes, which will all be shortly opened
northward from Washington ; and if Senators
will examine it 1 do not think any candid mind
will favor the exercise of at least doubtful con-
stitutional powers in the granting of the charters
proposed bv this bill.
It is said that necessity knows no law ; but.
in this case there is neither law nor necessity
for the passage of this bill.
I am sure the honorable Sena-tor from Ohio
will confess that these two enterprises now
undertaken and being rapidly carried through—
the Metropolitan branch road and the Balti-
more and Potomac road—will be sufficient for
the wants of the District, and ought to be satis-
factory to all parties concerned.
Ill May, 1800, as t fee by the Congressional
Globe of that date, page 237"), that Senator
then said :
" If tho State of Mars land will go one step further,
and authorize the construction of a lailroad from
Washington directly toward >*cw lork. and also au-
thorize the construe lion of a i .ulro.ul from il arnor s
Ferry or from JIartinsburs across file&i ate of J\lar>
land in that region of country, 1 think i t will do all
that any State could reasonably demand of it.
" Mr. Cresw eli.. To what point does tho gentle-
m"1Mis~SnKEMAX. From here to the Point of Rocks."
These reasonable expectations are being now
fulfilled. Then why shall you invade the soil
of Mary land, and grant charters to corporations
to break down the interests of her citizens anu
. of men in England who are largely interested,
II having given their money to make the pioneer
road across the Alloghanies. The Metropoli-
tan road is making its. way to the Point of
Rocks, and the Baltimore and Potomac road
will be finished by January 1, 1870. with its
connections, either around the western side of
Baltimore city with the track of the Northern
Central railroad, or, crossing the river at Lo-
cust Point, will pass to the east of Baltimore,
and make its junction with the Baltimore,
Wilmington, and Philadelphia railroad.
Here, then, will be '"the consummation
devoutly to be wished and I appeal to Sen-
ators if any more can be reasonably demanded ?
Without wearying or fatiguing the Senate by
a further discussion, i appeal to Senators, to
their candor and to their justice—Maryland
having broken all the bonds of the past, if
there were bonds in the past; Maryland hav-
ing opened wide its doors for capital and for
enterprise to build these roads—whether now
the power of Congress shall be extended over
that State to destroy all the capital and all the
interests created there of which I have spoken,
and to build up a monopoly in railroads be-
tween this capital and the city of New York
and the other points named in the bill?
Mr. POMEUOY. Wohavebeen unablefor
some time past to do any business in executive
session, because our executive sessions have
been at such a late period in the day. I now
move'that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope we shall go on with
this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us go on with this
bill. Nothing in executive session is more
pressing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is not debatable.
COMMITTEE ON UKTKKSOII.MKNT.
Mr. EDMONDS. With tho permission of
the Chair and of the Senator from Kansas and
of the Senate, 1 wish to ask leave, in behalf of
, the Committee on Retrenchment, to sit during
tlie sessions of the Senate. Some work in the
way of detail that we are obliged to do in order
to complete our Treasury investigations re-
quires more attention than can be given in the
morning, and 1 should like the privilege of
continuing our sessions during the sittings ot
the Senate.
'The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection the motion of the Senator from
Vermont will be entertained. The question is
on granting to the Committee on Retrenchment
leave to sit during the sessions of the Senate.
Tho motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. HOWARD. If it be in order I move
to take up a bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
a motion pending that the Senate proceed to
i the consideration of executive business.
I Mr. POMEROY called for the yeas and
I nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope the Senate will go
on with the discussion of the railroad hill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Debate is not in order.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 trust we shall go into
executive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is not debatable.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 18: as follows:
YK \K—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalcw. Cameron, Cat-
tell, Corbctt, Davis,Dixon, Doolittle, Fowler,Urimei,
llcndeison, Howe, jSXoCreeiy, McDonald, j\iomu ot
Maine, Morton, Norton, Nye, Osbovn, Patterson of
Tennessee, Pomeroy, Rice, Ross, Sawyer, hpeiicer,
Van Winkle, Vickers Whvto, and Wiiiey-
man, Stewart, Sunnier, Wade, Warner, aod W il-
AI1S13NT—Messrs. Anthony.Cole,Conness, Cragin,
\ Edmund-, Fessendcn, Fretinghuysen, liarlati, Ilend-
rii-:, Iveltogi;, ttam^ov, SanNbuiy, Sprauuc, liriyer,
1 Tipton, Trumbull, !i, Wilson, and X ates 1--
| So the motion was agreed to.
I After some time spent in executive session
\ the doors were reopened ; and the Senate
S adjourned.
