476
T3D 0ON0-ElSSId3vFAL GLOBE.
January 20,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 20, 1800.
.The House met at twelve o'clock ra. Prayer
by Rev. CbablesB. Lord, D. D., of Chester,
Vermont.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved,
SWAMP LANDS.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. it. No. 1739) for the relief
of States entitled to swamp-land indemnity ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
. HARBOR OF CHICAGO.
Mr. JTTDD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1740) to enable the
city of Chicago to enlarge its harbor; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the votes by which the bills were
severally referred; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARINE HOSPITAL AT CHICAGO.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unan-
imous consent, submitted thefollowing resolu-
tion j which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the House all the facts,
estimates, contracts, correspondence, and official
papers connected with the building of the marine
hospital at Chicago, Illinois, and to state whether
tho estimates for the building of such hospital ex-
ceed the amount provided specifically by law, and if
so, by what authority tho building of said hospital
has been undertaken at the cost of a larger sum.
EMILY B. BIDWELL AND SARAH HACKLEMAN.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1741) granting an
increase of pension to Emily B. Bid well, widow
of Brigadier General Daniel D. Bidwell, and
Sarah Hackleman, widow of Brigadier General
Pleasant A. Hackleman; which was read afirst
and sccond time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. HOLMAN. It will be remembered by
the House that.a bill has already passed grant-
ing a pension to these ladies, but owing to a
defect it cannot be executed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will say to the gentle-
man that this matter is all provided for by a
bill which will come before the House, and
there.i_s no use taking up the time of the House
about it now.
Mr. HOLMAN. Perhaps the gentleman can
manage my bill better than lean. But I have
felt a great deal of interest in this matter, and
all I desire to ask is that the House under the
circumstances will allow the committee to report
this bill at any time. It is only to correct a
mistake.
There was no objection ; and the committee
was authorized to report at any time.
UNITED AID ASSOCIATION.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H, K. No. 1742) to incorporate
the United Aid Association ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
MAIL KOUTES IN MISSOURI.
Mr. STOVER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. it. No. 1743) creating a mail
route between Hamsonville, Missouri, and
Blooming Grove, Kansas, and Versailles and
Tuckerville, State of Missouri; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the votes by which the bills were
severally referred; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC CREDIT.
Mr. SCHENOK, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bi!l(H. It. No. 1744) to strengthen
the public credit, and relating to contracts for
the payment of coin ; which was read a first
and sccond time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, ordered to be printed, and
also ordered to be printed in the Globe.
The following is the bill:
A bill to strengthen the public credit, and relating to
contracts for the payment of coin.
. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tivesof the United States of Americain Congress assem-
bled, That in order to remove any doubt as to the
purpose of the Government to discharge all just obli-
gations to the public creditors, and to settle conflict-
ing questions and interpretations of the laws by virtue
of which such obligations have been contracted, it is
hereby provided and declared that the faith of the
United States is solemnly pledged to the payment in
coin, or its equivalent, of all the interest-bearing obli-
gations of the United States, except in cases where
the law authorizing the issue of any such obligation
has expressly provided that the same may be paid in
lawful money, or other currency than gold and sil-
ver: Provided, however. That before any of said in-
terest-bearing obligations, not already due, shall
mature or be paid before maturity the obligations
not bearing interest, known as United States notes,
shall be made convertible into coin at the option of
the holder.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any contract
hereafter made specifically payable in coin, and the
consideration of which may be a loan of coin, or a
sale of property, or the rendering of labor or service
of any kind, the price of which as carried into the
contract may have been adjusted on the basis of the
coin value thereof at the time of such sale or of the,
rendering of such service or labor, shall be legal ana
valid, and may bo enforced according to its terms;
and on the trial of a suit brought for the enforr
ment of any such contract, proof of the real consj
oration may be given.
i'ttANIUNU PRIVILEGE.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call up the nsyion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill (IE R.
No. 1549) to restrict and regulate the franking
privilege, with the substitute therefor reported
by the Committee on the Post Office and Post
ltoads, was recommitted to that committee.
The question was on the motion to reconsider.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that members of Congress shall only be entitled
to the franking privilege during the actual
sessions of the Congress of which they are
members. The second section provides that
from and after the 4th of July next no letter
or other matter shall be transmitted through
the mails free of postage unless the same shall
be duly franked by some person having the
franking privilege by writing his name in his
own proper handwriting upon such letter or
mailable matter.
The substitute reported by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads was then
read, as follows:
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives ot the Chitted States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That it shall not be lawful tor any officer of tho
Government, member of Congress, or other person
entitled by law to the franking privilege, to exercise
said privilege otherwise than by his or her written
autograph signature upon the matter franked; and
all letters or other mail matter not thus franked by
tho written signature of a person entitled by law to
exercise said privilege shall be charged with the rates
of postage which are now or may be hereafter estab-
lished by law.
Sue. 2. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the 1st day of April next no officer of tho
Government, member of Congress, or other person
entitled by law to the tranking privilege shall, by
reason of such privilege, be entitled to receive through
the mails anjjmail matter free of postage; but all
mail matter directed to any such officer, member of
Congress, or other person, shall (unless duly franked
or otherwise declared bylaw free matter) be charged
postage as in other cases.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This bill is printed,
printer's number 605, and members will lind
it upon their files. The bill reported from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
by way of substitute for the one originally intro-
duced, is in two sections. The first section of
the substitute abolishes the use of fac simile
stamps, and provides that the franking privilege
shall be exercised only by the person entitled
to that right, and by his written autograph sig-
nature upon the matter franked. It abolishes
the use of those fac simile stamps about which
we have heard so much and theabuseof which
has become so prevalent.
^ The second section of the substitute provides
that mail matter sent to persons who are en-
titled to the franking privilege, from and after
the first day of April next., shall be charged
with postage as mail matter is charged in other
cases. In other words, it provides that the
franking privilege shall not carry with it the
right of persons to receive mail matter free,
but that the postage upon it shall be prepaid,
as in other cases, by the persons who send the
mail matter. The way in which this matter
grew up of attaching to the franking privilege
the right to receive matter free as well as to
send it free was this: in old times, when the
postage was paid upon matter at the time and
place of its delivery, it was found to be exceed-
ingly troublesome and onerous to require mem-
bers of Congress to pay postage upon all the
letters and other mailable matter received by
them from their constituents, which they would
have been obliged to do unless they had given
to them the right to receive as well a-s to send
mail matter free of postage. But now that
postage is required to be prepaid it seemed
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads that there was no good reason why peo-
ple who write letters to members of Congress
and- other persons entitled to the franking
privilege should not be required to prepay the
Postage on the letters they send as well as
/other persons who send letters through the
mails.
The truth of the matter is, that probably one
half or two thirds of the letters sent to mem-
bers of Congress are now prepaid. Those
people who really are the least able to pay post-
age are the very persons who do prepay the
postage on their letters, because they are not
quite certain about their right to send letters to
members of Congress without the prepayment
of postage. I have myself, since I have been
a member of Congress, frequently received let-
ters from postmasters of small post offices, in-
quiring whether individuals had the right to
send letters to members of Congress without
the prepayment of postage. The fact is not
generally known throughout the country, and
those people who are really the least able to
prepay postage do prepay it now. Members
of Congress know very well how the mails are
now flooded with all sorts of documents which
are sent to members of Congress, especially
during sessions. They are now dumped down
in the post office by the car load ; ail kinds of
circulars, pamphlets, and documents, advo-
cating jobs and schemes of all conceivable
kinds. They are sent through the post office
free of postage under the franking privilege
which is' given to members of Congress.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] if
it is proposed by this bill to cause persons
sending papers to the Departments—for in-
stance, applications for pensions, bounties, and
all that sort of thing—'to prepay the postage on
those papers ? I would inquire if that is the
intent of the second section of the substitute?
It seems to me that such a provision as that
would be too onerous, for it is frequently the
case that the postage upon such matter is very
considerable ; and there is no class of persons
less able to prepay postage than the soldiers
and widows of soldiers who have occasion to
make that kind of communication to the De-
partments of the Government.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There did not ap-
pear to the committee any good reason for
making the distinction suggested by the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin.] So far
as regards correspondence in relation to boun-
ties and the like, the necessity for that is now
pretty much past. It is difficult to provide by
lawwhatshall constitute free mail matter. If
we were_ to say that all matter marked "offi-
cial business" shall be free, then everybody
might mark their mail matter ''official." Ifyou
say that every letter that is sentto the Postmas-
ter General shall be free of postage, then what-
ever is sent to him by anybody, however able
to pay the postage upon it, will be free of post-
age. Every head of a Department, every offi-
cial under the Government who is entitled to
the franking privilege, gets all his letters free;
and the mails are thus loaded down with mat-
ter which ought not to pass through the mails
