1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Election Contest—Chaves vs. Clever—Mr. Clever.
Ho. of Reps.
impeached or attempted to be impeached, dis-
carding or ignoring their testimony, and only
give credence to the testimony ofPadilla, whose
character for truth and veracity has been im-
peached, I am at a loss to imagine. Jf the
rule of evidence that a preponderance of testi-
mony should prevail has any applicability here
J should think that the returns of the probate
judga should not be impeached except upon the
most satisfactory evidence. Secretary Heath's
poll-books may show differently, but I believe
that two honest native citizens of New Mex-
ico are entitled to a greater measure of belief
than he or all the poll-books he can furnish to
this Congress.
The report of the committee says:
"It was also charged by the contestant thatin pre-
cinct No. 11, known as La Junta precinct, in Mora
county, the place of voting was illegally and fraud-
ulently placed beyond the settlements and resident
voters ot the precincts and held in a shed erected for
that purpose upon an open plain, and that persons
who were desirous of voting lor him were grossly and
violently assailed by the friends of the sitting mem-
ber, and by such means were intimidated and entirely
prevented from voting, and that after the polls were
closed the returns were so changed as to fraudulently
increase the vote of the sitting Delegate 100, and that
the great majority of persons who voted at such poll
were camp iollowers and had no legal right to vote
under the laws of the Territory.
" The committee are unable to find any good reason
for the fixing of a place so unusual as was the one in
this instance for the holding of an election, and do
believe from the evidence that coarse, improper,
vulgar, and threatening language was used by the
friends and followers of the sitting member, and
evidently ior the purpose of intimidating and pre-
venting persons from voting for the contestant, yet
the committee cannot for such reasons recommend
the throwing out of thewhole vote of such precinct:
Yet trom the testimony of Walter Fosdyke, and the
appearancc of the poll-book itself, they are of opin-
ion that the poll-book was fraudulently altered and
changed alter the polls were closed and before it
passed into the possession of the secretary of the
Territory, so as to increase the vote certified by the
judges and clerks ot the election (Mr. Fosdyke being
one,' in favor of the sitting Delegate from 53Sto 633,
and Unit the same having been wrongfully allowed
the s-itting Delegate by the secretary ot the Territory
should now be deducted."
If the committee was unable to find any
reason for fixing a place for the election at the
point it was held, I desire to call their atten-
tion to the testimony of Mr. William Kroenig,
(pages 76 and 77.) a witness introduced by con-
testant. As to the words k4friends and fol-
lowers of the sitting member" "using coarse,
improper, vulgar, and threatening language,"
I desire to say that I was many miles away
from that precinct on the day of the election ;
and while the language of the report of the
committee has the appearance of harshness, I
cannot, but believe that it was unintentional.
Touching the character of my friends and
adherents in the election referred to for de-
cency and honesty I may well challenge com-
parison with those of my honorable competitor.
As regards the ^precinct of La Junta, the
commutes seem to have come to their conclu-
sion upon the testimony of Walter Fosdyke
and the appearance of the poll-books, again
ignoring the rebutting evidence produced by
respondent. This witness was one of the
judges of La Junta precinct, and appears to
testify with a vengeance. He, too, seems to be
the victim of malicious persecution, but after
examining his evidence closely it will be easy
to discern the leasons lor unfriendly conduct
toward him. On page 101 (ibid.) we find him
to say:
"Question. Have any of the prominent supporters
and partisans of Mr. Clever exhibited any hostility
toward you on account of the testimony given by
you in this case in February last at La Junta.''
"Answer. They have, decidedly. €
"Question. In what manner has this hostility been
manifested? .
''Answer. Both personally and financially.
It is very seldom we find honest people to
be persecuted for telling the truth; falsehood
is always detested. This witness was examined
twice, and in his first examination he speaks
of poll-books throughout. Qnpagefto (ibid.)
he says:
"Question. Would you recognise one or both of the
poll-books of that election with the certificates at-
tached, which you signed, if presented to you ?
"Ansioer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Look at this poll-book marked 'A,'and
see if j'ou recognizeit as one of the poll-books of that
election.
"Answer. I recognize this as one of the poll-books,
except three sheets tacked in the center of the book,
which I do not recognize. My name is attached to
| the certificate in my own handwriting. This certifi-
cate was read off to me by the clerk, Nelson. I did
not read the certificate that night. It was written
by the clerk and handed to me for my signature,
which I gave him. My impression is that the 638
votes that are here registered on the certificate were
not read off according to register by the clerk. Had
they been I should have detected the mistake at the
time. The three sheets tacked in in the center were
inserted after the poll-book went out of my hands
and my signature had-been attached to the certifi-
cate, and that is the reason why I do not recognize
them as part of the poll-book."
On page 104 (ibid.) he contradicts his state-
ment, and says:
"Question. "Were there two poll-books of the elec-
tion on the 2d day of September, 1867, at the La
Junta precinct made ?
"Answer. There was but one."
On the 17th day of February, 1868, this wit-
ness was brought upon the stand and was sol-
emnly sworn '"that the evidence he should give
in this cause be the truth, the whole truth, and
nothing but the truth.''1 Under this solemn in-
junction it was his duty to relate all he knew
of the facts, without concealing or adding any-
thing. He was again brought upon the stand
on the 26th of May, 1868 ; and on page 101
(ibid.) he makes these answers:
"Walter L. Fosdyke sworn:
"Question. Have you been examined in this case
before?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. At your first examination at La Junta
did you give all the facts connected with the election
ior that precinct in September, 1867?
"Answer. No, sir."
This, his last answer, is given unqualifiedly
and can leave upon a discriminating mind but
one conclusion, namely: that at his first ex-
amination he did not state the whole truth, as
required by his solemn obligation, but did con-
ceal a portion of the truth. Now, then, if he
was capable of concealing the truth he must
be capable of perverting the truth ; if he did
withhold or diminish the truth of facts the
presumption is that he was capable of aug-
menting falsehood, and his testimony must cer-
tainly be taken with a great deal of caution
when it operates upon the rights of others.
His testimony as found on pages 101 to 104
(ibid.) is of such a character that if true it could
not have escaped his memory. Had the com-
mittee fully weighed-that testimony they would
have found that this witness deserved but a
small degree of credibility.
Mr. H. H. Heath again appears upon the
stage as an attorney, interpolates in his lead-
ing question, and makes this witness show the
full extent of his animus in giving his testi-
mony, hurling his anathemas against the other
witnesses who have testified in this cause. On
page 102 (ibid.) we find the following:
"Question. Have you read the evidence given by
the other two judges of the election and a cierk of
the election, as taken at an ex parte examination at
Santa FS in February last?
"Anstce). 1 have.
"'Question. Was that evidence in accordance with
the facts >'o far as it related to the result of thevot-
mg in the La Junta precinct ?
"Atmcm. It was not in any essential particular.
" Ulcie the witness insisted upon giving testimony
as to the truth or falsity of the evidence given by
those two co-judges at Santa F6, as published in the
Saute Fc Gazette, in bis own terms. Counsel tor
Colonel Chaves letcrred the question whether Mr.
Fosdyke be permitted to state m his own language
hi* kt nvledge ot the truth or falsity of the evidence
of tho?>e two judges as given at Santa Fe, and his
honor decided that Mr. Fosdyke be allowed to so give
Ins testimony.]
"Atmcer. I say that those two judges have sworu
falsely, knowing the facts relative to the result of
the election at La Junta to be different from what
they swore to. and they have absolutely perjured
themselves. The facts of the caso are precisely as
given in my foiiner testimony."
This witness's two co-judges, Juan Estaban
Trujillo and Benito Romero, as also Juan
lialdouados, one of the clerks of said election
in said precinct, all of whom testify that 643
votes were polled at that precinct on that day
and positively contradict Mr. Fosdyke, are
styled by him as perjurers. These men are
old men, near the verge of the grave, are the
contestant's own countrymen, could have no
earthly interest in this cause save that to tell
the truth, and whose character for truth and
veracity it has not even been attempted to im-
peach except by Mr. Fosdyke, are denounced
by the latter in the bitterest possible terms.
But, Mr. Speaker, let us, for the sake of ar-
gument, reverse the case. Suppose the grand
jury should indict Mr. Fosdyke in this particu-
lar case and cause him to be brought before
the bar of the court to answer the charge, and
upon trial was confronted with the three wit-
nesses above named, would the plea that they
were Mexicans and ignorant avail himself any ?
Mexicans, sir, with a few exceptions, have as
much regard for the sanctity of an oath as the
people of any other country. Fosdyke posi-
tively contradicts himself. No contradiction
can be pointed out in the testimony of the other
three witnesses, and therefore the presumption
of their being truthful men is largely in their
favor.
I might go on and point out many more
irreconcilable inconsistencies in Fosdyke's tes-
timony, but time does not permit me so to do.
On page 102 (ibid.) he states that he has seen
the testimony of Mr. Mink, which he also de-
nounces as false j but unfortunate for Mr. Fos-
dyke Mr. Mink never gave any testimony, as
no depositions of his are found in the printed
evidence.
Nov/, as to the poll-book. Mr. Fosdyke says
on page 63 (ibid.) that he recognizes the one
before him as one of the poll-books, except
three sheets tacked in the center of the book.
He states that he recognizes only five hundred
and forty-three names, the number of votes
polled. Examining the poll-book itself it ap-
pears that in order to have five hundred and
forty-three names nearly eight pages of the
three sheets are consumed. If his statement
that three sheets were tackod in was true there
would remain only two hundred and forty-two
names, so that it is easily discernable that Mr.
Fosdyke's power of recognition is liable to
mistake, to say the least of it. As to the change
of the figure five in the certificate to the poll-
book, I desire to say that he who can interpo-
late something in a prayer for purposes of his
own might interpolate in poll-boolcs.
That the vote for Delegate in that precinct
was much larger than for county officers is fully
explained by the testimony of Trinidad Lopez,
who, on page 72, {ibid.) says:
"Question. Did you not have an agreement with
Mr. Mink on the day of the election to the effect that
if he would cut from the tickets the names of the
county officers and vote for the Delegate alone you
would not oppose Clever for Delegate?
"Answer. i had an agreement with Mr. Mink that
if he would cut off from his ticket the names of the
county officers 1 would not delay the election by
swearing men on the side of Mr. Clever. Thatis, if
Mr. Mink would cut off the names of the county
officers lrom his tickets which he had for distribu-
tion 1 would not challenge his voters."
Such an agreement may seem strange, but
it is explained by the testimony of one Juan
Estaban Trujillo:
" Question. How did Trinidad Lopez conduct him-
self on the day of election; as a quiet and peaceable
man or otherwise?
"Answer. He was there speaking .very loud and
excited, but do not know whether it was from the
effects of liquor or not.
Question. Did he challenge the votes of any old-
looking men on that day and have them sworn as to
their age before he would permit them to vote, or
He did challenge one man that was
turning gray as to his age."
Mr. Fosdyke being positively contradicted
by three witnesses, taken in connection with
his own contradictions, it is impossible for me
to comprehend why the committee couM base
their opinion upon the testimony of Walter
Fosdyke alone, ignoring the testimony of two
judges and one clerk of the election. Their
