1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no desire to go on
with the consideration of this bill at this time.
I merely wish now to call the attention of gen-
tlemen to the bill, whieh is a short one of but
two sections. 1 will yield to a motion to
adjourn, and proceed with any remarks I have
to make upon this bill on Monday next. I desire
to have this bill disposed of at as early a day
as possible.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at £ve o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Thj? following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKEB: The petition of James
Young and others, of Winfield, Indiana, for an
amendment to the Constitution pf the United
States recognizing the authority of the Supreme
Being.
By Mr..COOK: A memorial of citizens of
Mendota, La.Salle county, Illinois,"praying that
tfte Constitution of the United States may be
so amended that neither sex nor color shall
constitute a qualification or disqualification for
participating in any department of civil govern-
ment within the United States.
By Mr. FOX: A memorial of the Assembly
of the'State of New York, asking Congress to
grant pensions to soldiers of the war of 1812
not now provided for by law.
By Mr. GRAVELY : The petition of R.W.
Browning, of Prince William county, Virginia,
praying that his disabilities be removed.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: A memorial of
brewers of Alleghany county, Pennsylvania,
praying that barley from Canada be admitted
djiy free.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of John Rice,
Morris, Tasker & Co., and others, of Philadel-
phia, praying for such amendment ofthe patent
laws as will cause American patents for inven-
tions previously patented in other countries to
expire here simultaneously with their expira-
tion abroad.
By Mr. MUNGEST: The petition of J. T.
Bower and 40 others, for an amendment of the
Constitution of the United States, without com-
mitting himself [Mr. Mdxgen] pro or con to
the amendment proposed.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Marcus L.
Anderson, N. T. Waterman and 229 others,
citizens of Michigan, praying that in any
amendment of the Constitution to extend or
regulate suffrage no distinction inay be made
between men and women.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition of
John Giimore and 2G5 others, citizens of
Adams countv, Ohio, praying for an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
acknowledging God as the source of all author-
ity in civil government, &c.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 22, 18G9,
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
Mr. ANil-IONY. Mr. President, the sup-
plication which has just been offered up to the
Throne of Grace reminds us all that this is a
holiday in the history of America.It is the
anniversary of the birth of Washington. It
has been the custom always, since I have been
lieu;, for the Executive Departments to be
closed, and for both Houses to adjourn upon
this day. But I suppose the pressure of busi-
ness is now sn great upon us that it will be
impossible to dispense with the entire legisla-
tive day. 1 therefore move that the Senate
take a recess until seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. FliSSENDEN. I think we had better
hau! the Journal read.
Mr. AN J'LIONY. Oh, no : it is not nuees-
* Mr, SHERMAN. I ask the indulgence of
the Senator from Rhode island to altow me.
before that motion is • put, to take np the
amendment ofthe House of Representatives to
Senate bill No. 440, and let a committed o'f
conference be appointed upon it. • I desire to
porfect the matter as far as possible now. The
Senator from Maine [Mr. PbssiSsdsnJ objected
to it on Saturday.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not wish to inter-
pose an objection; but if we give way to one
thing we shall be compelled to give wSy to
others.
Mh -FESSENDEST. I have, not ye& seen
the amendment to the bill to which the Sefi'ator
from Ohio refers, and I should like' to h'$ve an
opportunity to look at it before, ft is acted
upon.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
The PRESIDENT jpro tempore. Itis moved
that the Senate take a recess until seven o'clock
this evening.
The motion was agreed to.
EVENING SESSION.
-The Senate resumed its sessio.n at seven
o'clock p..m. , •
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished" business is the bill to repeal the act
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to postpone that
with ,a view to take up the special order as-
signed for to-day, beiug the business of the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
national currlincy.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill S. No. 440, being a bill supplementary
to an act entitled "An act to provide a na-
tional currency secured by a pledge of United
States bonds, and to provide for the circula-
tion and redemption thereof," approved June
3, 18G4.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives, which was to strike
out all of the bill after the enacting clause and
insert the following iu lieu thereof:
That every national banking association selected
as a depository of public moneys, under the provis-
ions of section forty-five of the act entitled "An act
to provide a national currency secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and to pi ovule fur the circu-
lation and redemption thereof," approved June 3,
1864, shall deposit United States bonds with the
Xieasurer of the United States as security for such
deposits; and whenever the public moneys deposited
in such association sha.ll exceed ninety per cent, of
the par value of tbe bonds so held by the Treasurer
as security it shall be the duty of the Treasurer iorth-
with, by draft or otherwise, to reduce the amount of
such deposits to a sum not exceeding ninefy percent,
of the bonds deposited, as herein specified. And na-
tional bankingassoeiationsin thecityof Washington'
or in any city or town where there is an Assistant
Treasurer of the United States or a depositary of
public money designated under the act of August 6.
1S4(>, shall not be scleeted as publicdepositories; and
the Secretary of the Treasury shall require all public
money collccted in any such city or town to oe depos-
ited by the officer having custody of such money
with the Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer or deposi-
tary, in any such city or town, under such regula-
tions as he may from time to time prescribe: and if
any officer or agent of any association designated as
a depository of public moneys shall pay or offer to
pay any money or other valuable consideration, "di-
rectly or indirectly, for the purpose of obtaining or'
retaining deposits of public moneys, or if any officer
or agent ofthe Governmentshalf reeeive any money
or other valuable consideration, directly or indi-
rectly, for making such deposit of public moneys,
such officer or agent shall be deemed unilty of a mis-
demeanor, ana on conviction thereof in any United
States court having jurisdiction shall be punished by
a fine of not loss than {1,(00, or imprisonment ior not
less than one year nor more than five years, or both,
in the discretion of the court.
Sec, '2. And be ttjuithcr cnactci, That section forty-
two of Raid act be so amended to provide that
•within ninety davfc fromthedateofthe notice served
upon the Comptroller of the Currency by any na-
tional banking association that its shareholders have
voted to so into liquidation as provided m said sec-
tion, the said association shall p<ayover to the .treas-
urer of the UuiteU States the amount of itsoutstand-
ing note*, in lawful money of the united states, and
U'ke up the bonds whieh siid association has on de-
! posit with the Treasurer for the security of its cireu-
I luting notes, which bonds shall bo assigned to the
bunk in the manner specified in the nineteenth sec-
  tion of said act; its default of "which the Comptroller
i ol the CuirciK'y ahull sell said bonds to the highest
Bfdder at public str&ton atfHe Stock"Exchange$11 Ifj'd
city of New York, and from the proceeds thereof
lflg emulation of; such association end shall pay
ov.er ajiy surplus remaining to the officers of the asso-
ciation. And any association which jias heretofore
gone into liquidation undei* the provisions. of the
section to whieh this is an amendment sfralFpay over
to the Treasurer lawful money'etju^l in amount to
its outstanding circulation within ninety,days from
the date of the passage of this aeVfo default of
which its bonus shall be sold as above provided-. ' And
from that time the outstanding notes shall be, re-
deemed at the Treasury of the United, States, an*i
the said association and the shareholders thereof
shall'be discharged from all liability-therefor: Pro-
vided, That "amy association winding up its al&iirs for
the purpose of consolidation with another bant shall
not be compelled to pay to the Treasurer of the United
States the amount of its outstanding circulation in
lawful money, nor shall its bonds Resold as above
provided.
Sec, 3. And be it farther enacted, That there shall
be allowed to receivers of national banking associa-
tions appointed in accordance with tfao provisions of
the national currency act, in full compensation for
their services, a salary of $1,500 per.apn,um; atnd in
addition thereto a commission of two per c£nt* Upon
the first $100,000, a Commission of one-half of one per
cent, upon ail sums above$100,000 ahdnofcexceeding
$500,000, and a commission of one'quarter of ono per
cent, on all sums over #500,000 thatmay beeolleoted-;
which salary and commission shall be paid by the
Comptroller of the Currency out of any moneys .real-
ized irom the assets of the bank so in the hands of
thereceiver: Provided, That the payment of one half
the commissions may be reserved, in the discretion
ol the Comptroller, until the alfairs ot the bank are
finally closed, which sum shall then be paid to the
receiver; or in case more than onereeeiverhas acted,
it shall be apportioned among the several receivers
by the Comptroller of the Currency according to
equity. And all receivers, appointed as aforesaid,
shall be considered officers or agents of the'Gtfyelrn-
ment, and shall have the right to-bring suits in the
United States courts, and may invest tbe assets of the
bank in their hands in bonds of the United States
while the affairs of the bank are in process of liqui-
dation; which bonds shall be deposited with the
Treasurer of the United States, subject to the order
ofthe Comptroller ofthe Currency; and the receivers
shall also make report to the Comptroller of all their
acts and proceedings, and the Comptroller shall bo
authorized to sell such bonds from time to time, in
order to make the dividend and payments provided
tor in the fiftieth section of the act to which thi^ act
^supplementary. And the judge of the United States
district court for the district in which such suits arc
brought shall fix the fees or compensation to be al-
lowed to the attorneys for such receivers, having due
reference to the amount of labor performed and to
the interests ot the creditors of the bank.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That to secure a
better distribution ofthe national banking currency
there may be issued circulation notes to banking as-
sociations organized in States and Territories having
a less banking circulation than.their pro rata above,
as herein set forth. And the circulation herein au-
thorized shall within threeyears, if required, be with-
drawn pro rata from banks organized in States having
a circulation exceeding that provided for by the act
entitled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to
provide for a national currency secured by pledge of
UuitedStatesbonds, and to provide for tbeeiieuhuiop
and redemption thereof/" approved March 3,1805.
To ascertain which the Comptroller of the Currency
shall, under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, make a statement showing the amount of
circulation to bo retired by eacO of such banks; and
shall, when circulation is required, make a requisi-
tion for such amount upon such banks, commencing
with banks in States having the largest exee3s of cir-
culation. and reducing only the circulation of those
having the greatest proportion in excess, leaving
undisturbed those having a smaller proportion until
those in greater excess have been reduced to the
same grade: and continuing thus to make the reduc-
tion in such States having an excess until the circu-
lation of such banks tihaJLL, as nearly as possible, bo
equalized among the States and Territories accord-
ing to the appraised value of all pioperty, real and
personal, within such States and Territories; the
b&uie to be ascertained by the certified statements
of the G-overjjors of such Statesand Territories mado
biennially to the Secretary of the Treasury. Cut
this "act snail not apnly to §130,000,000 of said circula-
tion, which shall be distributed according to repre-
sentation in Congiess. And upon failure ot such
bank to return the amount so required witmn one
year aforesaid it shall bo the duty. of the Comptroller
of the Currency to sell at public auction, having
given twenty days' notice in a newspaper printed in
Washington city and New York city, an amount of
bonds deposited by said bank as security for irs cir-
culation equal to the circulation to be withdrawn
from such bank, and with the proceeds to redeem so
many ofthe notes ot such bank as thej tome into the
Treasury as will equal the amount required from Ur
Provided. That the circulation herein authorized
thai! be issued only a&'Cireulatiou is withdrawn, to
that the aggresato of circulaiiun shall not at any
time fxcoed &J0t',000,000.
Before the Chief Clerk had finished the read-
ing of the House amendment,
Mr. SHKRM.AN. Unless some Senator de-
sires to have it read f I-will state that the amend-
ment of tbe House is a substitute for the Sen-
ate bill. 1 propose to disagree to the House
