1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
free. I will state to my friend from Missouri
[Mr. Brjwamix] that as to papers on official
business addressed to the heads of the Depart-
ments, most ot that very matter is now prepaid;
and as I have already remarked, with regard
to letters addressed to members of Congress,
this is especially the case as to correspondence
coming from the poorer classes of people.
Those least able to pay do pay their postage
when they write to the Department, as well as
when they write to members of Congress. As
a general thing only those best able to pay post-
age know what the law is in regard to this mat-
ter, and send their communications through
the mail without paying the postage.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I presume every member
of the House has noticed in the public press
criticisms upon the use of the fac simile stamps.
I believe that these stamps have all grown into
use within the last six or eight years, and they
have been so common that at this time I pre-
sume almost every member of Congress uses
them, as do the different Departments and
oflicers of the Government, livery one can
readily understand how easy it is to forge these
fac similes. Any man, for instance, after get-
ting my autograph upon a piece of paper, can
go to an engraver and get him to engrave a fac
simile stamp. He may take that stamp to New
York or Boston or New Orleans and engage
in sending off circulars and other mail matter
through the mails under this forged stamp.
Thus members are subjected to unjust criticism
and censure, as has been shown this very ses-
sion in the case of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Lynch.] Other cases have come to the
knowledge of the Department and of members
of Congress where these fac similes have actu-
ally been forged, and in some cases they have
been stolen from members and used in this
indiscriminate way. Iu fact, in Washington
the abuse has grown to be so great that scarcely
anybody in this city pays any postage at all,
except it may be strangers visiting here casu-
ally. Almost everybody in the Departments and
almost all the citizens of Washington manage
in some way or other, by the use of these j'ac
simile stamps, which are obtained either from
members of Congress or from oflicers of the
different Departments, to frank all the letters
which they send from this city.
Mr. Speaker, unless some gentleman desires
to discuss this subject I will call the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the motion to reconsider will be regared as
agreed to, and the motion to recommit as with-
drawn, so that the substitute will be pending
before the House.
Mr. MILLER. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnswoiith] allow me to offer
an amendment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will hear the
amendment.
Mr. MILLER. It is, to add at the end of
the second section "except correspondence
with the Commissioner of Pensions in relation
to pensions." I hope the gentleman will allow
this amendment to be offered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not authorized
to accept the amendment.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be accepted.
Does the gentleman allow it to be offered?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will allow the
amendment to be offered that it may be voted
upon by the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask my
colleague [Mr. Fabxsworth] to allow me to
offer a substitute for the substitute. It is to
insert in lieu thereof " that all laws and parts
of laws conferring the franking privilege on
any person or persons whatever are hereby
repealed.'' I trust my colleague will permit
us to test the sense of the House upon this
proposition.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I am
entirely satisfied that that proposition cannot
become the law ; that if it should be adopted by
the House it cannotpassin the Senate. I desire
that the abuses of the franking privilege shall
be prevented as far as possible; but while I am
willing myself that the franking privilege should
be abolished entirely, my impression is that
this substitute of my colleague cannot be passed
through both Houses of Congress, and that its
adoption by the House at this time would only
be mischievous. Hence, though 1 agree with
my colleague on this subject, I must decline to
allow his amendment to be offered.
Mr. ROBINSON. Will the gentleman yield
to me?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will.
Mr. ROBINSON. I desire to say a word on
this subject. The whole of this outcry against
the franking privilege arises in the most fool-
ish way imaginable. That privilege is correct
and proper; the outcry arises out of the abuse
of the law, and instead of trying to correct the
abuses practiced under it, it is now proposed to
abolish the law, which is very proper.
This bill proposes to abolish the fac simile
privilege. Will the gentleman from Illinois,
or auy other member of the House, tell me
when that privilege was given? Every man
who has used one of these fac similes is as
guilty—not intentionally—as any other person
who is defrauding the Government. There
never was any permission to use it. This whole
abuse has crept in from the fact that the law
is not executed. We might as well say, be-
cause some franks are forged by the pen the
writing of the name should cease. There are
thousands of franks sent out every day from
this city written by the pen of other persons,
and they do not take the trouble even to imi-
tate the signature. In my own case, looking
at the law, I saw that 1 had no authority to
use a fac simile, and although 1 had a good
deal of franking to do I never got a facsimile
stamp. I repeat, then, that there is no neces-
sity for enacting a law abolishing the fac
simile, for the right to use it never existed. In
regard to imitations with the pen, I myself
have had my signature abused in New York
by a firm who sent around circulars under what
purported to be my frank in writing. 1 went,
to the district attorney and gave the name of
the parties, and asked him to prosecute. I
heard nothing more about it after that.
Now, sir, this is not the only privilege that
is abused. I am in favor of reducing the ex-
penses of the Government. I do not yield, I
might almost say, even to my distinguished
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] who
carries his ideas of retrenchment almost to the
verge of paralyzing the operations of the Gov-
ernment, so strenuous are his efforts in that
direction. But 1 will go as far as he can reason-
ably ask in retrenchment. This proposition,
however, is only a clipping of very small feath-
ers from the overshadowing wings of extrav-
agance. Some time ago, during the recess of
Congress, I went down into the lower regions
of this Capitol to see what was going on there.
I found there some twenty persons or more em-
ployed iu doing up documents, using great
quantities of Government paper and twine.
Thatpaperandtwineeostmoreihan the amount
of postage involved in the frank. The docu-
ments were going off by the hundred thousand.
The employes were working night and day send-
ing off political documents for partisan pur-
poses. I saw there a great quantity of docu-
ments. A gentleman nominated yesterday as
Senator of the United States had made a little
speech out West. That speech was brought on
here and sent out by the hundred thousand. I
had some curiosity to see whether we had any
chance on our side in that distribution of cam-
paign documents ; so I took up some of them
and ascertained that ihey were all partisan
documents which were being sent off in Gov-
ernment envelopes. Sir, it will require a sup-
plementary appropriation bill to pay the ex- j
penses of that operation. I must say that the i
part of the House to which I belong had not ,
availed itself of its proportion in that tranpac- j
tion. Out of ihe twenty or thirty diflereut kinds ;
of documents being sent out the only Demo- >
cratic one I saw was a little speech ot my friend j
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Boyek.] His seemed i
to be the only document which the party had I
taken the privilege of circulating at that time,
I presume out of tbe twenty boys who were
folding the documents nineteen were folding Re-
publican documents and only one Democratic.
Now, sir, as loug as 1 have a place here I
shall go for every wholesome measure of re-
form and retrenchment, but I tell you you are
begiuning blindfold in the matter. Therefore,
if 1 were entitled to *t,he floor to make the
motion, I would move to recommit the bill for
the purpose of perfecting it by stopping the
use of Government envelopes and scattering
political documents, one of the abuses which
are bleeding the country to a frightful extent.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois yield to the gentleman from New York
to make the motion which he lias indicated?
Mr, ROBINSON. I will not ask the floor
to make the motion, but I think the bill ought
to be recommitted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield now to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broom-
alt..]
Mr. BROOMALL. I entirely disagree with
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Robin-
son] about the right to use a fac simile stamp
for the purpose of franking letters and docu-
ments. I believe there is uo law prescribing
the manner in which a member of Congress
or auy other individual with the franking privi-
lege shall put his name upon a letter or docu-
ment. It may be done with a stamp as well
as with a pen. That which the person entitled
to the franking privilege recognizes as his frank
is his frank, whether it is put there with a pen
or with a stamp. I am satisfied that that is
the state of the law. Several years ago I was
under the necessity, as I then believed, of get-
ting a stamp for the purpose of franking docu-
ments, as I was in the habit of franking a great
many. The abuses to which the system of
franking by a stamp is liable induced me some
months ago to abandon it and destroy or lock
up my stamp, and I uotified the Post Office
Department that I was using it no longer. From
that time up to the present I have been trying
to get out of existence tile stamped franks
which had been in some way abstracted from
me, and which are still occasionally found in
the mails. 1 have, however, I think, after about
two months' effort, succeeded in stopping them.
Having thus abandoned the practice myself on
account of the abuses to which it is liable, and
not because I believed it wrong or unlawful, I
am entirely in favor of this bill, and shall vote
for it.
Mr. IIOBINSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him whether he stopped the use of
his frank stamp before or since the election?
Mr. BROOMALL. Thatisavery pertinent
question. During the campaign these abuses
came to my knowledge. Some of the gentle-
man's political friends used to play an ingen-
ious trick upon me; they used to open my
documents under my stamped frank, take out
the matter which I had inserted, and put in
their own and seud the letters on their way to
my correspondents : and in many instances the
spurious Seymour dollar, about which so much
was said during the late campaign, floated over
the country in different parts, and especially
in my district, under my frank, having been
put there in place of documents which had been
taken out. The envelopes showed that they
had been opened. I saw enough of these abuses
of my l'rank to induce me to discontinue the
use of it immediately upon the close of the
campaign. I thereforeauswerthegentleman's
question that it was at the close of the cam-
paign that I abandoned its use.
One word more. The gentleman lias said
something about the documents sent from this
building throughout the country during the
late campaign at the public expense, and he
has told us that some of those documents were
sent by his own political fiiends. I can tell
him, for I happen to know something about it,
that, his political friends, as well as mine, had
their headquarters here, and 1 rather think
his party got more than their share in the way
of distributing documents through the mails
