254
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
LFebruary 20,
Ho. of Reps.
Election Contest—Chaves vs. Clever—Mr. Clever.
40tii Coxg....3d Sess,
testimony, found on pages 140, 141, 142, and
143, (ibid.) reads as follows:
"Juan Baldonados sworn:
"Question. What is your age, where do you reside,
and bow long have you resided where you now live?
"Answer. Thirty-four or thirty-five years of age;
in the La Junta; about nine years.
"Question, Where were you on the day of the last
general election held in this Territory for Delegate to
Congress?
" Answer. In La Junta.
"Question. What position did you occupy on that
day in the election? If any, state.
"Answer, As clerk of the election.
"Question. Were you attheelection fromtheopen-
ing of tbe polls until the closing of thesaine?
"Answer. I was.
"Question. When the polls were closed were the
vo-tes cast at that election counted and the result
announced?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. How many votes were cast at that elec-
tion ? And if you know, state how many were cast for
Clever and how many tor Chaves.
"Answer. Six hundred and forty-three. Mr. Clever
received 638 and Mr. Chaves received 5.
"Question, Was the result of the election an-
nounced and published to the persons there present?
"Answer. It was announced in high voice.
"Question. Was there any dissatisfaction expressed
when the election was announced by any of the per-
sons present?
"Answer. No discontent expressed.
"Question. Were the officers of the election present
when the Jesuit of the election was announced and
published?
"Answer. They were all present.
"Question. Who swore in the officers of election?
"Answer. The justice, George Gregg, [person pres-
ent who is register of the court of examination.]
"Question. Was that election a quiet or disorderly
one?
"Answer. It was very quiet. ♦
"Question. Did you see Trinidad Lopez there on
the day ot the election?
"Answer. I did.
"Question. Was he under the influence of liquor
or was he sober?
"Ansxcer. I noticed him considerably cxcited, but
do not know whether he was under the influence of
liquor or not.
"Question. Did you see any man during the elec-
tion prevented from voting by violence or other-
v. ise ?
"Answer. I did not.
"Question. What was done with the poll-books and
the ballots after the tickets had been counted ?
"Answer. The ballots were placed in the box, and
n paper pasted on the under side of the lid covering
the aperture, wilh Mr. Nelson's name (the other
cleik; written ou it. The boxwas closedanda paper
placed over the aperture on the top, and Mr. Nel-
son's name inscribed on the top. The poll-books
lcraained in hand of Mr. Nelson and Mi. Fosdyke.
"Question. Who is Mr. Fosdyke and what position
did lie occupy in that election, if any?
" Answer. He was one of the judges of election.
'Question. Did you use during the election ink of
different colors?
"Amioer. We did; the ink we commenccd with
gave out, and we got ink from Mr.Tipton, and some
paper also.
"JUAN BALDONADOS."
" Juan Estaban Trujillo sworn:
" Question. What is your age, where do youreside,
and bow long have you resided where younow live?
"Answer. I am fifty-two years ot age; I live in the
La Junta, and have Jived there about ten years.
"Question. Where were you on the day of the last
general election Held in this Territory for Delegate
to Congress?
"Answer. In the Junta, precinct No. 11, county of
Mora.
"Question. What position, if any, did you hold on
that d,i,y ?
"Ansm-T. I was one of the judges of the election.
Question. How many votes were polled at that
precinct on the day of election?
] Answer. Six hundred and forty-three.
Question. How many were cast tor 0. P. Clever,
and how many were cast for J. Francisco Chaves?
Answer. Six hundred and thirty-eight for C. P.
Clever and five for Mr. Chaves.
Question. Were you present when the election was
closed and when the votes were counted?
"Answer. Yes, I was.
"Question Was theresultofthe election announced
and published to the people present alter the votes
h^d been counted ?
xt Answer, Yes, sir.
"Question. Was there any dissatisfaction mani-
fested when the result of the election was announced
by persons present?
No dissatisfaction was expressed.
Question. What was done with the poli-books and
ballots after the votes had been counted ?
'Anuoer. The tickets were placed back in the box
and a piece of paper was pasted over the inside of
the aperture and one on the outride of the aperture
through which the tickets were placed in the box,
and Mr. Aelson's name written on both pieces of
paper; and the book and poll-box remained in tbe
hands of Mr, iosdyke, who was judge, (I cannot pro-
nounce the name,) and of Mr. Nelson, the clerk.
Question. By whom was the judge of election
sworn in?
"Anstoer. The justice, George Gregg.
"Question. Did you or did you not sign the cer-
tificate attached to the poll-book setting forth the
number of votes polled at La Junta, together with
Mr. Fosdyke and the other judge of election?
"Answer. Yes, sir. I did; and at the time all the
judges were present, and signed at the same time.
"Question. Did you see any man prevented from
voting on that day by violence used by any one pres-
ent or officer of the election ?
"Answer. I did not: there was no one prevented
from giving his vote in that election.
"Question. Did you see Trinidad Lopez at or near
the polls on the day of election?
"Answer. I did see him.
"Question. How did Trinidad Lopez conduct him-
self on the day of election—as a quiet and peaceable
man, or otherwise?
"Answer. He was there speaking very loud and
excited, but do not know whether it was from the
effects of liquor or not.
"Question. Did he challenge the votes of any old-
looking men on that day, and have them sworn as
to their age before he would permit them to vote
or not?
"Answer. He did challenge one man that was turn-
ing gray, as to his age.
his
"JUAN ESTABAN X TRUFUILLO."
mark.
" Benito Romero sworn:
"Question. What is your age, where do you reside,
and how long have you lived in your present place
of residence ?
"Answer, Forty-one years. I reside in the county
of Mora, in the precinctof La Junta, and have lived
there for seven > ears.
" Question. Did you or did you not attend the last
general election held in La Junta for Delegate to
Congress?
"Answer, Yes, ?ir, I did attend the election, and
as one of the judges of said election.
" Question. Were you present at the opening of the
polls and at the closing of the same ?
" Answer. Yes, sir, I was.
" Question. Did you or did you not attend thecount-
ingof the votes cast at that election in company with
the other judges of said election, and were the votes
not counted veiy soon after the closing of the polls ?
"Answer. I did attend the counting of the votes,
and they were counted very soon after polls closed.
41 Question. How many votes, according to that
count, were polled on that day at the La Junta pre-
cinct; and how many were for Clever and how many
were for Chaves?
" Answer. Six hundred andforty-threewerepolled
on that day; for Clever 638, and lor Chaves we only
found 5.
"Question. Was the result of the election publicly
announced to the persons there present by the oUl-
cers of the election: and if any expression of dis-
content was exhibited by any person present at the
result of theelection as announced, pieasestate ?
"Answer. The result of tbe election was pubiifly
announced after the count was over, and when the
result was publicly announced no person expressed
dissatisfaction thereat.
"Question. How many inkstands were used during
the clcction and at the counting of the votes?
"Answer. During the election there were two ink-
stands, each clerk having one. When the election
closed and they retired to the house of Julien Tip-
ton they had but one, which was furnished by the
son of Mr. Tipton.
"Question. Did you sign th'e certificate of election
attached to the poli-books together with the other
judges of said election?
"Ansioer. I did; the judges were all present when
we all signed the same.
"Question. Was the certificate attached to the poll-
books read to you and the other judges before it was
signed?
"Answer. It was read by Mr. Nelson on request of
us that it should be read in Spanish.
his
"BENITO a ROMERO.-'
mark.
The returns from tbe thirteenth or Moreno
precinct, in the county of Mora, and those
from the fourteenth precinct or Valle de Mis-
souri, in the county Socorro, were made under
color of law and under the authority of the
laws of an organized Territory. The Territory
of New Mexico is large in extent, and the pre-
cincts in said Territory must necessarily be
large. Settlements are constantly extending,
and if there is to be, according to the opinion
of the committee, but one voting place in each
precinct, many an honest citizen will be pre-
vented from voting. No allegation of fraud
or illegality as to the votes cast has bee n made
by the contestant, and inasmuch as the com-
mittee has ruled out technical points made by
myself I am of the opinion that the rule
should operate both ways. The Territory of
Wyoming has only an existence in law. " No
organization under that law has as yet been
effected. There are no counties noi precincts.
110 authority to hold an election therein as at
present constituted. Yet the committee have
recommended the admission of her Delegate.
While I believe the committee to be right in
their recommendation, I must object, however,
to Wyoming enjoying any more privileges than
New Mexico.
The question as to the Rio Bonito precincr,
in the county of Socorro, stands upon a differ-
ent. footing. That precinct was organized by
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
New Mexico by act approved January 15,1858,
and there exists no act upon the statute-book
for its repeal. The statute reads as follows :
"Sec. 4. That the ninth precinct, ' Rio Bonito,
shall comprise all the inhabitants residing within
thirty miles of Fort Stanton.*'
No allegation of fraud or illegality as to the
votes cast in this precinct has been made. The
precinct, judging from the number of the votes
polled at the election, (182 votes,) must be a
large settlement. It will appear from the tes-
timony of Mr. Shaw, found on page 88, (Mis.
Doc. No. 14) that Rio Bonito had been recog-
nized as one of the precincts of Socorro county.
Here is his testimony:
44 Question. Where did you reside, and what posi-
tion did you occupy in 1867?
"Anvwpr. I resided in the town of Socorro, county
of Socorro, and occupied tbe position of probate
judge of said county.
" Question. Had precinct No. 13, of the county of
Socorro, been recognized by your predecessors, and
was it recognized by you as an established precinct
of that county?
"Answer. It was so recognized by me, and had been
recognized as such by my predecessor; that is, the
Rio .Bonito precinct; I do not know the number.
" Question. While you acted as probate judge were
election returns made to you for justices of the peace
and constables for that precinct?
"Answer. They were.
" Question. Why does this precinct now appear as
being precinct No. 13?
"Answer. The clerk of my court informs me that
th^re was another precinct No. 9, and that the pre-
cincts ot said county run up to No. 12, and this num-
ber was given to it so as not to conflict with any other.
" Question. Did you appoint judges of election in
1867 in the saidprecinct of Rio Bonito ?
"Ansioer. I did; the poll-books were sent fruin my
office in due form.
" Question. Now, Mr. Shaw, look at that pamph-
let ot the laws of the Territory of New Mexico, passed
by the Legislative Assemblyin 1857-58,and approved
on the loth day of January, 1858, and see if you find
the act establishing the precinct of Rio Bonito.
"Answer. I do find such act and the limits are,
'all the inhabitants residing within thirty miles of
Fort Stanton,' as appears by said act."
All the precincts in the Territory are men-
tioned by some specific name, and numbers
are added for the sake of convenience. Will
any one who has any pretense to or knowledge
of law (except Secretary Heath) for a moment
pretend that the erroneously numbering of
these precincts in the different counties repeals
such precincts? Such an idea, in my opinion,
is preposterous. This precinct was recog-
nized; local officers were elected and commis-
sioned, justices of the peace exercised their
functions therein and executed the kiws of the
country without any interference on the part
of any authority. Under the execution of
law and the exercise of righiful authority by
such justices of the peace rights have passed
from individuals to individuals, property has
been transferred and conveyed, rights have
accrued, and under the law of the Territory
marriage contracts have been celebrated. Sup-
pose that the judicial tribunals of New Mexico
were to adopt the opinion of the committee as
a rule of action, what would be the result?
Acquired rights would be annulled, property
relations set aside, marriages declared void,
and poor, innocent beings, the offspring of lov-
ing hearts, declared illegitimate or bastards.
And here, Mr. Speaker, permit me to say that
before I would lend a hand to such a proceduie
I would rather give up ten seats in Congress.
The committee say that they are saiitfh'd
from the testimony of Mr. Heath, the secretary,
and the statutes of the Territory that at the
time of the election that precinct had no legal
existence. Most of the testimony of the illus-
trious secretary is about the law of the Terii*
tory—whether he desired to lecture Congress
