478
THE" CGiYGKESSIOifAL GrLOBE.
January 20,
and having them folded here at" the public
expense. Itisan evil which the doing&way with
of stamped franks will do much to cure, both
in the gentleman's party and in mine, because
members of Congress will not take the trouble
to write their actual names upon matter of this
kind to a sufficient extent to make it a very
great grievance. I am, therefore, entirely in
fkvor of this bill, and h'ope it will pass.
- Mr. FARNSWORTH. For the purpose of
making the second section of the substitute a
little plainer, I will wove to add the words,
" except public documents printed by order
of Congress." That will enable members of
Congress, after they have gone to their homes
on the adjournment of a session, to receive
documents without the payment-of postage or
leaving their franks here to be put upon them.
The S?BAKER. If there is no objeetibn,
the amendment will be regarded as incorpo-
rated in the section. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield to my
colleague on the committee, [Mr. Ferry,] the
gentleman from Michigan.
Mr. FBRR Y. I desire to move to strike out
the second section of the pending substitute.
1 am in favor of the first section, but am
opposed to the second section, because it is a
discrimination against the constituencies of
members of Congress. I would be in favor of
abohshingthe frankingprivilege entirely rather
than make this distinction against constituents
which the section proposes. I would not free
members of Congress from the payment of
postage upon all mail matter received by them;
but I am opposed to compelling constituents
to pay postage upon the matter they send to
their members, and at the same time giving
members of Congress the privilege of sending
free of postage' as much similar mail matter as
they please.
There is no justice whatever in exempting
members of Congress from the payment of post-
age upon their correspondence to their con-
stituents, and requiring the same constituency
to prepay upon their mail matter to their Rep-
resentatives. The relation is an official one,
involving much correspondence and the trans-
mission of much valuable public matter in the
shape of documents and other public proceed-
ings and records. So long as the franking privi-
lege exists let it bear equally upon people and
Representatives. The relation is mutual. The
benefits growing out of the privilege in great
measure inure to the people who are the re-
cepients of these valuable public documents,
and so far is beneficial and just. Whenever you
legislate, however, to grant privileges on cor-
respondence emanating fiom members, and
refuse the same right to constituents, you insti-
tute inequality of legislation and discriminate
against the people, who should be benefited, if
either, and not, as proposed, be burdened. I
will readily vote to abolish the franking privi-
lege entire, but cannot support a proposition
to legislate money out of the pockets of the
people into those of members of Congress.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I allow the motion
of my colleague [Mr. Ferrt] to be voted upon.
1 now yield to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Lawrence] for five minutes.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio.1 I do not pro-
pose to discuss at any length the substitute
offered for the original bill, for it would be im-
possible to do so in the brief time allotted to
me. It is perfectly manifest, however, that
somethingmust.be donein relation to the frank-
ing privilege, because the revenues of the Post
Office Department have so fallen off as to make
it absolutely necessary, if the Department is to
be self-supporting, and also because ofthegross
abuses that have grown up under the franking
privilege in almost every department of the
Government. The Postmaster General has
recommended the entire abolition of the frank-
ing privilege. _ His predecessor made the same
recommendation to Congress.
If the House shall decline to make any change
in the substitute reported by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] I will stiH
support it. But it seems to me that the sub-
stitute should be so amended as to accomplish
a wider purpose, by taking awayt.be entire con-
gressional franking privilege. If this privilege
has been misapplied by members of Congress
it has, perhaps, to'a still greater extent been
abused by those having no right to it. Franks
have been forged, or used without authority, to
no inconsiderable extent. But I rest my objec-
tion to the franking privilege on the broad
ground of its inexpediency, the inequality in-
the favors it bestows, and the general injustice
of taxing the entire public for the benefit of the
few who share its benefits. The mail service
taxes the public, while those who send or re-
ceive free letters receive benefits without any
equivalent compensation. I propose to amend
the substitute offered by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Faensworth,] by inserting as a
substitute what I send to the Clerk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
That after the 4th day of March, 1869, no Senator
or Representative in Congress shall be entitled to
receive or transmit by mail any letter or mail matter
free of postage.
The SPEAKER. There is an amendment
pending, and also an amendment to the amend-
ment. No further amendment can be received,
at this time without unanimous consent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 cannot consent to
have that amendment offered.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Very well; I
will consider it a part of my remarks. If it
could be agreed to by the House I proposed
to follow it up by an additional provision, which
I send to the Clerk to be read.
The Cl%rk read as follows:
And after July 4, I860, no officer of the Govern-
ment entitled to the franking privilege shall beentil
tied to receive through the mails any letter or mail
matter free of postage, except the Commissioner of
Pensions, the Paymaster General, and the Second
Auditor of the Treasury Department.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. It will be seen
that the second section of the pending substi-
tute prohibits any officer of the Government
from receiving any mail matter free of post-
age. The effect of such a provision, if it shall
become a law, will be to prevent a person en-
titled to a pension from writing to the Com-
missioner of Pensions without prepayment of
postage. A soldier having a claim upon the
Government for a bounty cannot write to the
Paymaster General or to the Second Auditor
of the Treasury Department without prepay-
ment of postage. The abuse of the franking
privilege does not grow out of letters sent to
the Departments in these classes of cases so
much as out of the fact that letters are sent
from the Departments, or from members of
Congress, or under their frank, which are not
proper to be so sent, or in cases where, by every
principle of justice, the postage should be paid.
I submit to the House that it would be well to
retain the franking privilege so far as to enable
soldiers and pensioners to write to the Com-
missioner of Pensions or the Paymaster Gen-
eral or to the Second Auditor of the Treasury
Department about their claims until the bounty
claims shall all be fully paid, and for pension-
ers as long as the Government shall continue
to grant pensions.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield to the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine. ]
Mr. PAINE. I ask the attention of the
House for one moment to the effect which has
been produced by the last amendment moved
by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] to the second section of the substitute.
I was quite well satisfied with the second sec-
tion of the substitute; but the words incorpo-
rated into it, "except public documents printed
by order of Congress," I think have entirely
destroyed the effect of it for good. That sec-
tion—and I call attention to the last clause of
it—is as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enncted. That from and
after the 1st day of April next no officer of the Gov-
ernment, member of Congress, or other person en titled
by law to the franking privilege shall, by reason of
such privilege, be entitled to receive through the
mails any mail matter free of postage; but alTmail
matter directed to any such officer, member of Con-
gress, or other person shall (unless duly franked or
otherwise declared by law free matter) be charged
postage as in other cases.
. That is to say, all public documents printed
by order of Congress and sent to any person
shall go free through the mails.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman mis-
takes the phraseology of the section as it now
stands. The words "except public documents
printed by order- of Congress" come in after
the word "postage" in the fifth line.
Mr. PAINE. I read the amendment at the
Clerk's desk. I presume the phraseology has
been corrected since.
Mr, FARNSWORTH. I corrected it at the
Clerk's desk.
Mr. PAINE. Then I withdraw what I have
said.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the Clerk to
read the section as it will read in the amended
form.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That from and
after the 1st day of April next no officer of the Gov-
ernment, member of Congress, or other person enti-
tled by law to the franking piivil^ge, shall, by rea-
son of such privilege, be entitled to receive through
the mails any mail matter free of postage except
public documents printed by order of Congress; but
all other mail matter directed to any such officer,
member of Congress, or other person shall (unless
duly franked or otherwise declared by law free mat-
ter) be charged postage as in other cases.
Mr. PAINE. Now, Mr. Speaker, that stands
just about as it did before, because the gentle-
man has inserted the word " other." As the
section now stands all public documents are
to go free.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Public documents
are to be sent free to those who are entitled to
the franking privilege—members of Congress,
officers of the Government, &c.
Mr. PAINE. If the gentleman understands
it so, that is well enough ; but that is not the
necessary meaning of the language.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is the way h
reads, as I understand it. I will read the sec-
tion with my amendment:
That from and after the 1st day of April next no
officer of the Government, member of Congress, or
other person entitled by law to the franking privi-
lege, shall, by reason of such privilege, be entitled to
receive through the mails any mail matter free of
postage, except public documents printed by order
of Congress—
That enables members of Congress to receive
free of postage documents printed here after
the members have gone home, without leaving
their franks to be put on the documents—
but allother mail matter directed to any such officer,
member of Congress, or other person, shall (unless
duly franked or otherwise declared by law tree mat-
ter) be charged postage as in other cases.
The meaning seems to me entirely plain.
Mr. PAINE. Let me ask the gentleman one
question. If all matter except public docu-
ments printed by order of Congress is to be
charged postage, are we not to infer that pub-
lic documents when sent through the mails,
whether to members of Congress or others, are,
under the provisions of this section, to be free
from postage ? Is not that a fair inference ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Public documents
printed by order of Congress may be sent to
members of Congress and officers of the Gov-
ernment free of postage.
Mr. PAINE. And all other documents must
pay postage ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Everything else sent
to persons entitled to the franking privilege
must pay postage, unless it is franked, as when
one member sends mail matter to another
member or to the head of a Department.
Mr. PAINE. The difficulty with me is that,
as I understand the section, all mail matter
except these public documents pays postage ;
and these documents, whether sent by public
officers or private individuals, pass through the
mails free, and may be sent back and forth a
thousand times without paying any postage.
Mr. BOYER. If the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paine] will allow me, I desire
to ask him whether that ought not to be so;
whether the public documents printed by order
of Congress are not intended for the benefit
