1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
J1
I move that the House amendment as it was
read be disagreed to, and that the Senate ask
for a committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Before that
motion is put I desire merely to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the character of this bill.
Jn the last days of the session it often happens
that new legislation is introduced by a com-
mittee of conference on a till with entirely
different provisions from those contained in the
bill when it went from the Senate.
The fourth section of the House bill, it will be
seen, provides for an almost unlimited disposi-
tion of our present banking currency. Itisto be
readjusted upon certain principles, and all those
States having an excess are to be called upon
to pay into the Treasury the amount they may
have in excess in order that it may be distributed
in other quarters. Originally, when the law es-
tablishing national banks was passed,it dragged,
and it was almost impossible to obtain the suc-
cess of the measure until the banks were forced
by almost a confiscation of their outstanding
circulation to come into the new system. Un-
der these circumstances several of the States
have got more than their proportion according
to representation and more than their propor-
tion according to property. The query now is,
whether we cannot amend this law so as to
remedy the defects in it without inflicting any
injury upon the parties who acted through pa-
triotism in some sense, and in some sense by
the force of the Government through taxation.
The query is, whether we cannot obviate any
distress that this measure will casse by substi-
tuting some other provision for that contained
in this fourth section.
It seems to me—but perhaps in that I should j
not be sustained by a majority of the Senste—
that it would be far better to allow the with-
drawal of an equal amount of greenbacks than
to force these banks to call upon their debtors to
pay up, say, in the State of Maine, $1,500,000;
in New Hampshire, $2,000,000; in Vermont,
SI.500,000; in Connecticnt, a couple of mil-
lions, and in Massachusetts four or five mil-
lions, to be distributed again in places where
it may be called for hereafter. If that measure
should not receive the assent of Congress, then
the query would arise: might not these banks
be permitted to emigrate, and establish them-
selves in new quarters?
There is another provision in the House bill
which provides that banks which are called
upon shall return their circulation to the Treas-
ury within a year, or in default, that the Comp-
troller of the Currency shall go on and sell
their bonds at once. It may be impossible for
these banks to obtain their identical circulation
again, and if they do not, their bonds are to be
exposed in the market and sold. They might
be willing to return national bank notes or
United States notes; but according to the
House bill nothing less than the identical notes
issued by the bank will answer the purpose. It
seems to me they ought to be permitted to
return United States notes instead of their own,
and then let the United States redeem their
notes as fast as they come in. It is to bo ob-
served that the United States could redeem
them ten times over where the bank itself
could redeem thera once, for they have only to
simply order their receivers in various parts of
the country to set apart the bills of such and
such banks and they will soon be returned to
the Treasury : but if the bank itself is com-
pelled to call in its own notes and return jh - in
it might be several years before they could be
returned, and mean time their bonds are to be
sold at a sacrifice in order to replace the money.
There is another objection to the House
bill. The Senate bill limited the amount of
this redistribution of banking circulation to
000,000. The House bill contains no such
provision. Under it it maybe $20,000,000,
Slu,000,000, $60,000,000, or $75,000,000—
nobody knows how much. It ought to be re-
stricted to a certain given amount. _ ^
T merely make these suggestions m oraer to
call the attention of the Senate to the import-
ance of this amendment of the House, so that
they may judge for themselves what action
they shall take upon it, whether they will allow
it to be settled by a committee of conference
and have it reported in the last moments of the
session, when we shall know nothing atall about
the bill except by a single reading at the Secre-
tary's desk, or whether it shall be carefully con-
sidered here in the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I have to say is that
this bill was passed by the Senate during the
last session, after full discussion, authorizing
a redistribution of the banking circulation to
the amount of $20,000,000, intended for the
southern and western States, nearly all of
which will go to the southern States. That
was the Senate bill, passed after lull con-
sideration and debate. The House bill does
not change the first three sections of the Senate
bill very materially 5 bat the fourth section of
the House bill contains a pretty sweeping re-
distribution of the banking circulation. The
Committee on Finance, after a careful consid-
eration of the House bill, thought it better, as
the only point of disagreement arose upon the
redistribution of the bank circulation, and as
we were not willing in the Committee on
Finance to go beyond the limit of redistribu-
tion that we provided for, to send the bill—the
difference upon which is only upon this fourth
section—to a committee of conference, with a
view that some provision of limited character
might be made to supply banking circulation
to the West and South. I have no doubt a
committee of conference can take up those
two sections, the fourth section of the Senate
bill and the fourth section of the House bill,
and be able to agree upon some plan that will
obviate all the objections stated by the Senator
from Vermont. At any rate, Senators must be
aware that there is an absolute necessity for
furnishing some banking facilities to the West
and South, and it can only be done either by
increasing the limit or by withdrawing circu-
lation from two or three States which now
have an excess. I have seen many bankers
from the State of Massachusetts and other
places who have expressed a willingness to
see certain amounts withdrawn from their
States, with a view of satisfying the public
demand in the West and South for banking
circulation. That is the whole of the case,
and it is just the case for a committee of con-
forcncs.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I was not present when
this bill was considered in the committee, but
I have been from the beginning, and am now,
irreconcilably opposed to this attempt by legis-
lation to distribute the circulation of the conn-
try. I do not believe that it is expedient
for Congress to undertake by law to withdraw
from one part of the country a portion of its
circulation and transfer it to another part of the
country, and so disturb and derange all the busi-
ness transactions of the country. I believe that
our true policy is, as far as practicable, to let the
laws of trade and business govern the circula-
tion of the country. Let the circulation be
furnished ; let it flow where the business of the
country requires it to flow. But to undertake
by an act of legislation to say that ten, fifteen,
or twenty millions, or any amount of money
that is now circulating in New England, shall
be taken from that portion of the country and
placed elsewhere seems to me to be an unne-
cessary and disastrous interference with the
business of the country; and, so far as I am
concerned, I shall oppose that proposition
under all circumstances.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, when the
national banking law was first passed the banks
all over the country entered into it with great
reluctance. They were urged by great induce-
ments by Congress and by the Treasury De-
partment to enter upon the system, lhose
that did so invested their capital upon an uucer-
1 tainty. Afterward Congress passed stringent
1 laws that compelled all the banks into it.
Now we propose to take from the banks which
entered upon this system with all the risks and
ail the possible disadvantages ot u what they
have gained, and give it to those who refused
to come to the aid of the Government in its
extreme necessity. I do not think it is fail-
to ward those banks which first responded to
the Call of the Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for- a division'■of
the question.. Let the. question be taken ''first
on concurring in the House amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. - The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment o#!tlie
House of Representatives.
Mr. NORTON. I ask for the reading of
the House amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. • It is very long, and as
the only point of disagreement is the' fourth
section, I suggest that that only be read. It
is not worth while to read the other sections.
Mr. NORTON. Very well. '
The Chief Clerk read the fourth section of
the House amendment. :
Mr. POMEROY. I notice that the provis-
ion in that fourth section of the amendment
of the House for the distribution of this cur-
rency among the States is entirely new. Under
the old law we provided that it might be dis-
tributed among the States and Territories ac-
cording to their population. This section pro-
vides that a certain amount of currency is to
be distributed among the States and Territo-
ries according to the assessed value of their
property, and another part of it according to
their representation in Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the same as in the
old law. Under the present law it would have
to be distributed according to population.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose by " represent-
ation in Congress" is meant representation in
the other House.
Mr. SHERMAN. The language is " rep-
resentative population," not "representation
in Congress." It is the same as the present
law. This is the CoBtntsr amendment, which
distributes one half according to representa-
tive population and the other half according
to property.
Mr. POMEROY. That representative popu-
lation is to be based upon the last census.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. It provides for
a change.
Mr. POMEROY. There must be great in-
equalities among the 'new States of the West
on that basis. The States which under the
last apportionment were -entitled to but one
member of Congress, like the State which I
have the honor in part to represent, might be
and are now entitled to three, and by the next
apportionment to four ; and yet under this
amendment of the House the distribution must
be made under the apportionment of 1860, if
it is to be upon population. While there has
been no census taken by the United States since
1860, yet the Treasury Department, one De-
partment of this Government, in what is called
the Census Bureau, has taken a census of the
population of some of the States, and I do not
know but all. If the distribution is on the
basis of that ascertained population, it will be
widely different from the population as ascer-
tained by the census of 1860. I do not suppose
we can in any event do more than approximate
to what will be equal. Exact equality is im-
possible at this remote period from the time
when the census was taken ; but it occurs tome
that the amendment in this respeet is a good
one as compared with nothing. The Senator
from Oregon prefers nothing; to let it be gov-
erned by the laws of trade, of demand and sup-
ply. Bat who is to judge of the demand and
the supply when it is fixed in the law that you
cannot increase the amount in the western or
southern States 1 The demand there may be
ever so clamorous, but we cannot get a dollar
of circulation ; it lias all been absorbed. This
amendment, unequal as it is, is certainly a great
improvement upon nothing. I shall go forthe
amendment of the House, although it does not
do equal and exact justice ; it is an approxima-
tion to it; it is some relief. In that view of the
matter I think we had better concur with the
: HMre'MOIUULL, of Vermont. Evidently
