1869.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Election Contest—Chaves vs. Clever-—Mr. Clever.
Ho. of Reps.
I do not know—certain it is that lawyers gen-
erally believe the law to prove itself. The
passage of an act renumbering precincts can-
not be construed as recognizing their non-
existence at the time of such renumbering, and
the act of 1868 could have no bearing upon the
status of the Rio Bonito precinct in September,
1867. The laws then in force must govern.
The testimony of H. H. Heath is not law, nor
should his construction of law be regarded as
authority.
The committee in theirreport further state:
"It was also charged by the contestant that the
returns from the several precincts in the county of
Dona Ana were in most eases arbitrarily and ille-
gally changed, to such an extent as to alter the re-
sult from the return of the judges of the various pre-
cincts, which gave a majority for the contestant of
169 votes, to a majority of 144 votes tor Clever.
"The committee are of opinion, from the testi-
mony of J. F. Bennett, who acted as a clerk for the
probate judge and justice of the peace at the county
seat of Dona Ana, upon the sixth day after the elec-
tion, upon the first Monday of September, 1867, that
the action of thesaid probate judge and those acting
with him was unauthorized and void, and that the
398 votes that were thus arbitrarily and illegally
deducted from the lawful return in favor of the con-
testant should be restored to him and allowed, as well
as the 80 votes in the same manner withdrawn from
the vote returned in favor of the sitting Delegate."
This question involves a construction of
statutes. Section seventeen, page 434, of the
compiled laws of New Mexico, provides:
"Sec. 17. Within six days after the election the
probate judge shall call to his assistance one of the
justices of the peace of the county and publicly ex-
amine and count' he votes polled for each candidate,
giving notice thereof two days previous, which notice
shall be posted up at the court-house tor theinform-
ation ot the people where the examination is to be
held, and any citizen shall have tberight toquestion
the legality or illegality of any vote."
Our first inquiry is: what is the meaning of
section seventeen, above referred to. The pro-
bate judge within a certain time shall call to
hisassistance a justice of the peace of the county
and examine and count the votes. If it was
intended that he should only count the votes,
why is the word "examine" inserted in the
statute? Would it be reasonable to construe
that the lawgiver meant the probate judge to
pass merely an ocular inspection of the ballots
and poll-books ; or is it more reasonable to pre-
sume that it was the intention of the Legisla-
ture to examine a case or a question brought
before the probate judge in a judicial capacity?
But if we construe that portion of the statute
in connection with the last sentence, "and any
citizen shall have the right to question the legal-
ity or illegality of any vote," we are forced to
the conclusion that something else than a mere
ocular inspection of the votes polled was in-
tended.
Where a right is granted a remedy for the
enforcement of that right is implied. To say
that A shall have the right to present himself
before the probate court and say, " Mr. Judge,
B, who is not a citizen of the United States,
and is by the organic act prevented from voting
in this Territory, did vote; and for that reason
I come here to question the legality of his
vote," and the probate judge to answer him,
"Mr. A, I am glad to see you ; I am glad you
manifest a spirit to uphold our laws; will be
glad to see you at my house after court adjourns,
but here 1 am a mere mummy and can decide
nothing," seems to me to be an absurd con-
struction of the statute. Again, the statute uses
the language, " to question the legality or ille-
gality of any rote." If the statute only in-
tended to give to a citizen the right to object
to votes and have that objection recorded, why
is not this language employed: "to object to
the legality of any vote." But it says, "to
question the legality or illegality of any vote;"
doubtless meaning that one party might object
to a vote as illegal, while another party may
maintain that that vote is legal. This, then,
brings a legal controversy before the court, and
to say that the probate judge has no right
to decide that controversy seems to me to
construe a statute different from its obvious
meaning.
But if we compare the above-mentioned sec-
tion of the statute with another section of the
same statute it will be found that the construc-
tion I give to the seventeenth section is correct.
The twenty-sixth section of the same act (see
page 4-38, ibid.) provides:
" Sec. 26. The probate judges of the respective
counties, to whom is forwarded a transcript of the
votes, within ten days after the time limited for the
examination of the votes, shall forward to the secre-
tary of the Territory by a special messenger a true
extract of the votes polled in their respective counties
for Delegate to Congress, members of the legislative
council, and house of representatives, accompanying
with said extract a poll-book of each precinct."
Thus it will be seen that the probate judge is
required to forward not an abstract of the aggre-
gate vote polled in each county, but an extract
of the votes polled in their respective counties
for Delegate to Congress, to the secretary of
the Territory. Construe the two sections together
and it will be found that it must havebeeu the
intention of the lawgiver that the probate judge
should have power to examine the ballots or
votes cast, entertain questions about their
legality or illegality, and after having decided
upon the controversy brought before him and
purged the returns of illegal or fraudulent votes
to forward an '' extract' thereof to the secretary.
By the rules of law courts are to take judi-
cially notice of the meaning of words in the
vernacular language. According to Webster
"extract" means that which is extracted or
drawn out, or that which is taken from an
aggregate. If, then, the probate judge is re-
quired to furnish an extract and not an ab-
stract, it logically follows that he may omit
something; and if we inquire what that omis-
sion might be we must come to the conclusion
that it should be the votes whose legality or
illegality was questioned before him and the
illegality of which he decided in his judicial
capacity.
But in order to ascertain the degree of fair-
ness with which the probate judge of Dona
Ana county proceeded in this instance let us
examine the testimony of J. F. Bennett, to
which the committee in their report have
alluded. On page 170 (Mis. Doc. 154) he says:
" Question. When the vo'es were counted, as you
have heretofore stated, after the last general election
forDelegate to the Fortieth Congress, was there many
people in the court-house, and how many people
were there to hear and determine the good and bad
voies in that election ?
" Anncer. There were present at the counting and
summing up of the votes cast at the last general
election at the court-house inLaMesilla.DonaAna
county, one hundred and fifty or two hundred per-
sons.
" Question. Did the best and oldest citizens of Dona
Ana county come here to see that those votes were
rightfully counted ?
" Answer. Many of the best and oldest citizens of
the county were present at the count, and I presume
they were there lor that purpose."
And on page 1G9 :
"Question. What was the manner of determining
the legality or illegality of the votes through means
of the sworn evidence of those citizens ?
"inwer. When the voter's name was called by the
probate judge, if none of the bystanders made objec-
tion. it was taken for granted that the person was a
qualified voter; but if an objection was raised to any
voter the person making such objection was asked
the grounds upon which he based his objection,
which was by him stated, when he was required to
produce at least two credible witnesses tosubsran-
tiate his objection, under oath: and when two or
more such witnesses testified under oath that any
such voters were not qualified voters, such voters,
and none others, were rejected."
The larger portion of what is now known as
the county of Dona Ana was acquired by the
United States under the so-called Gadsden-
purchase treaty, proclaimed June 30, 1854.
At the time of the acquisition there were but
few and scarcely populated settlements in the
county. Many of these persons, comprising
at least thirty-three per cent, of the male adult
population of said county, moved thither after
the proclamation of the treaty from the neigh-
boring States of Chihuahua and Sonora, repub-
lic ot Mexico. They were not citizens of the
United States; but few of them were ever
naturalized.
On page 174 (iblcl.) Mr. Bennett says:
" Question. How far does your actual knowledge of
the qualified voters of the county of DorLa Ana ex-
tend, and on what ground do you base your belief
that thirty-three per cent, of the peopleoi this county
are not qualified voters?
"Anwoer. I have been a resident of Dojla Ana
county since the fall of 1862, and my belief that thirty-
three per cent, of the people of that county are not
qualified voters is based upon the fact that I am
pretty generally acquainted with the people of said
county. Have been present on many occasions when
United States and territorial grand and petit juries
have been empaneled, and was present when sworn
evidence was produced before the probate judge and
justice of the peace when they counted and exam-
ined the votes polled at the last general election, when
about 500 votes polled at that election were upon such
evidence declared illegal. My official duties have also
brought me in contact with all the people of the
county, thereby enabling me to form what I believed
to be a pretty correct opinion as to their citizenship."
And on page 1768, {ibid.:)
" Question. What was the principal cause for re-
jecting votes from the count at that time?
"Answer. The principal cause for rejecting votes
from the count at that time was upon the grounds
that the persons easting the ballotswere not citizens
of the United States ; others were rejected upon the
ground of being minors.
" Question. What means had the probate judge and
justicc of the peace of ascertaining these faets?
44Answer. The sworn testimony of citizens of the
county present at the counting and summing up of
the votes."
Now, I maintain that the laws of the Terri-
tory confer upon the probate judge the power-
to reject illegal votes at the time and in the
manner as was done by the probate judge for
Dona Ana county. In that respect he consti-
tutes the canvasser of the votes. That his
action in the premises was fair and proper and
not arbitrary, as the committee aver, is shown
by the testimony of Mr. Bennett, examined at
the instance of contestant. The action and
returns of the probate judge are presumed to
be correct until the contrary is shown by com-
petent testimony. I claim that under the laws
of New Mexico and the rules of evidence it
was the duty of the contestant to prove affirm-
atively that the votes rejected by the probate
judge were legal votes and that their rejection
by the court was erroneous, as in this event
the onus probandi rests upon the contestant.
Let us reason further. By the organic law
of the Territory it is provided that after the
first election shall have been held the time,
place, and manner of holding elections shall
be as prescribed by law. Suppose the Legisla-
ture had provided by enactment that at a given
time the probate judges of each county should
appear at the court-house in their respective
counties and open polls ; that they might or
might not admit persons to vote ; that they
might examine the legality of every vote prior
to receiving the same, &c.; could you refuse
here to receive the returns of the probate
judges prepared in the manner indicated ?
Congress has delegated certain powers to the
Legislatures of the Territories f the enactments
of the Legislature, if they conform to the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States, are law
until repealed by Congress. No one will pre-
tend that in the enactment of the election laws
of New Mexico the Legislature went beyond
its delegated powers ; that is, k' to legislate on
all rightful subjects of legislationBy ex-
press provision of the statutes of New Mexico
probate judges are authorized to reject whole
returns ; he shall examine and hear questions
of legality or illegality of votes cast. The pro-
bate judge of Dona Ana county complied with
these enactments ; his acts were judicial acts,
presumed to be legal; and I repeat that noth-
ing but positive affirmative proof of the legal-
ity of the votes and returns by him rejected can
invalidate the returns made by him to the sec-
retary.
The returns from one or two precincts in
that county were rejected by the judge for the
reason that they were not signed by the offi-
cers of the election. If the opinion of the com-
mittee prevails probate judges in New Mexico
may hereafter count from any lists of names
without legal authentication whatever. All this
