1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
of the people at large, and whether the people
ought not to have these documents distributed
to them free of postage as heretofore?
Mr. PAINE. I am quite willing to admit
that these documents should be sent from
Washington to private individuals free of post-
age ; but I am quite unwilling to admit that
the piivate citizens of the United States should
be able to send these documents to and fro
through the United States mails at pleasure,
without paying any postage.
Mr. BOYEJLi. I apprehend it very seldom
happens that these documents are sent to and
fro by private individuals, but that as a general
thing they aie sent by members of Congress
to their constituents, who retain them.
Mr. PAINE. It does not happen now, be-
cause it cannot be done under the present law.
What would happen if we gave facilities for it
we can hardly predict.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield to the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Speaker, I know that
it is a very favorite idea of many people to
lake away the franking privilege. I think I
know some individuals who entertain the idea
that they will secure special favor with the
people by showing themselves in favor of a
restriction or a repeal of the law which con-
fers upon members of Congress and certain
officers of the Government the privilege of
sending their correspondence and documents
through the mail free of postage, and receiv-
ing letters and documents free.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what is the object of the
franking privilege? It is to enable officers of
the Government to transact their businesb and
perform the duties they owe to their constitu-
ents without charge from their own pockets for
postage. Now the correspondence of a mem-
ber of Congress on his own account is but lit-
tle, and I ask would it be policy for this Gov-
ernment to pass an act calculated to interfere
with the freedom of communication between a
Representative and his constituents? I regard
all this talk about the abolition of the franking
privilege as buncombe. I know the privilege has
been abused ; so has many another act of Con-
gress. It has been suggested that an exception
should be made of pension papers. Probably
some of the grossest frauds committed on the
Government have been committed in the pro-
curement of pensions by persons who were not
entitled to them under the law. Now, if the
bill could be perfected so as to guard against
all frauds on the law, I for one would be very
glad to see the law improved. For instance,
it' every member of Congress could have an
allowance under the law of a certain amount of
postage stamps for the purpose of circulating
documents and carry on his correspondence, it
seems to me that would put a final stop to the
frauds complained of. It might limit the cor-
respondence of some, and some might not be
disposed to use all the law allowed them. But
I think any act calculated to restrict or abridge
the free intercourse between constituent and
Representative, or between the people and the
proper officials of the Government, would be
detrimental to the service and to the interest
of the people of the country. I think the bill
as now amended will put a stop to some of the
abuses that have been committed under the law
as it lias been construed; therefore I am in
favor of the bill with the amendments reported
by the committee.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I yield to the gen-
tleman from New York.
Mr. BARXES. Mr. Speaker, my brief ex-
perience with reference to the franking privilege
has made me believe that members of Congress
are not benefited by its extension or continua-
tion as it now exists. Difficulties arise with
reference to it which cannot be guarded against
by special legislation; and I believe that the
expenditures for this purpose should be sus-
tained by legislation in the shape of increased
compensation to members as the only way in
which the abuse can be corrected. So long as
Congress publishes documents which it becomes
tiie privilege and the duty of members of the
two Houses to circulate they should be circu-
lated at the public expense rather than at the
expense of the members themselves. In that
relation I consider the bill now before the
House as defective. I think that all the ends
would be met, so far as the demands of the
people and the wishes of members of Congress
are concerned, by abolishing the law as it now
stands and substituting therefor an act provid-
ing that all documents printed at the expense
of the Government for distribution shall come
franked from the Departments, and shall be
distributed under that frank as members may
elect. I know with reference to myself that
within the last three months my frank has been
distributed under a forged fac simile to the
extent, J believe, of one hundred thousand
copies from the city where I reside, and for
that abuse of my privilege forced upon me I
am now receiving the censure, and 1 may say
the just censure, of the press of the country.
I make no complaint, for I have always re-
garded the franking privilege as one which
would necessarily be subject to abuse, subject-
ing members of Congress to this kind of criti-
cism. Therefore, while I wish to vote for the
bill now before the House, as a restrictive
measure I think it is defective in the respects
I have pointed out.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I am com-
pelled by a sense of duty to oppose both the
sections of this amendment; and in the outset
I will remark that 1 never have allowed any
person to affix my stamp to a document with
a pen, nor have I made use of these stamps.
But I have known, during my service in this
House, of members whose physical infirmities
were such that they could not possibly have
affixed their autograph signatures to one tenth
part of the matter which a member of Congress
lias to send out.
It is the second section, however, to which
I wish principally to direct attention. It seems
to me that this is reform in the wrong direction.
Men speak here of the "franking privilege;''
it should rather be called the " franking duty."
It is given to us by the law not, for our benefit,
not. for our use, but, for the benefit of our con-
stituents, to enable them to correspond with
their Representatives at the capital with more
freedom and at less expense ; and if any part
is to be abridged let it be that part which re-
lates to the representative, and require him to
prepay the documents and communications
which he sends to his constituents, and not
require the constituent to prepay that which
he sends to him. I am opposed to this whole
proposition; and I trust the amendment of
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Fkp.iu]
will prevail, and that the second section will
be stricken out.
Now, I am as willing as any member of the
House to see abuses of the franking privilege
rebuked and punished, whether it be that mem-
bers use it improperly and in violation of law
themselves or whether the indorsement upon
the document,which is intended merely to show
that it is entitled to the privilege, is forged or
otherwise misapplied ; but I think it wrong to
require that every Senator and member of
Congress, no matter what physical infirmities
he may labor under, shall write his own name
on all the documents ho sends out. I have in
my mind a gentleman, who is soon to take his
seat at the other end of the Capitol as Senator
from my own State, whose physical infirmity is
such that it would be utterly impossible for
him, without the aid of an amanuensis, to use
the franking privilege to frank the letters and
documents which he would send out. As to
the second proposition, to require our constit-
uents when they write to us to prepay their
correspondence, I am opposed to it. 1 do think
it is a restriction of the privilege that the spirit
of the law did not intend. So far as the mem-
bers themselves are concerned, I but speak, I
dare say, the sentiment of nine tenths of the
gentlemen of the House when I say it would be
an infinite relief to a member of Congress if
the franking privilege were taken away. It
would reduce the amount of his correspond-
ence and the amount of documentary matter
that he would be called upon to send away. It
would save him an immense amount of time
and a great deal of money. But, as 1 have
said, the franking privilege, or, I should rather
say, the franking obligation or duty, is given to
members of Congress not for themselves, but
for the benefit of the people, to enable their
constituents to correspond with them more
freely. I trust my friend, the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
will not deem it necessary to press either of
these two propositions earnestly upon the
House.
Mr. EARNSWORTII. I yield _ now to the
chairman of the Committee on Printing.
Mr. LAFLIN. So far as this bill in its inten-
tion and in its principle strikes at the franking
privilege I am decidedly in its favor. There
are two objections which I have to this bill.
The first is, that it gives to members of Congress
and officers of the Government a right and a
privilege which it denies to the people. The
second is, that it gives to members of Congress
a right and privilege which, far more than the
franking of their correspondence, leads to an
extravagant expenditure on the part of the
Government. 1 refer to the expenditure which
is created by the franking privilege in the print-
ing department.
Now, I ask every member of Congress if the
franking privilege should be abolished would
our people and the members of Congress them-
selves see, as they do now, such a pressing
necessity for the publication of such immense
numbers of volumes as are now issued by the
Government Printing Office ? When we call
to mind that we are now expending from one
to two million dollars annually in the publica-
tion of documents, ought wo not to stop and
consider if there are not some ways and some
means whereby that immense expenditure can
be reduced? Now, I know of no way so potent,
of no plan which will be so successful, nothing
tending to economy in that direction equal to
the total abolition of the franking privilege.
And instead of this useless effort, at economy,
as proposed in this bill, I trust the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office send Post
Roads [Mr. Falinkworth] will see fit to intro-
duce a bill, or to offer an amendment to this
bill, to abolish the franking privilege entirely,
and to substitute therefor, if the public neces-
sity shall demand it. a certain amount of money
to each member of Congress to pay the postage
upon their mail matter.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How much time
have I left?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has four
minutes of his hour left.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield three min-
utes of my time to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. B.umwrx,] reserving to myself
only time enough to call the previous question
before my hour expires.
Mr. BALDWIN. 1 shall vote for the bill
reported by the chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, [Mr. Eauks-
woitTH, j although, at the same time, I would
prefer to vote for a bill of a somewhat different
character. In my view, the franked mail mat-
ter of members of Congress should go free
only when deposited here in the post office of
the House or Senate, or in the post office at
the place of the member's residence. I agree
witli what has been said by the gentleman
fromTentiessee,[Mr. Matxaiu),] thattheright
of franking exercised by members of Con-
gress is rather a duty than a privilege ; it is
a burden, rather than a pleasant thing to be
prized. In my opinion, there is scarcely a
gentleman on this floor who would not rejoice
to be entirely relieved from the duty ot frank
ing matter from Washington through the mails,
for it is a vi-ry onerous duty forced upon gen-
tlemen here from the peculiarity of their posi-
tion as Representatives, rather than a benefit
or a pleasure to be sought and talked of as a
