480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBAL
January 20,
privilege. And I tilso agree with what has
been said by the chairman of the Committee
on Printing, that we ought in some way to
abolish the whole, or nearly th? whole, docu-
ment businesa- We ought to get rid of it, for a
great portion of it is utterly useless, and I would
be in fa vorof utterly abolishing the whole matter
of publishing documents by order of Congress
by the hundred thousand to be distributed by
members of Congress. As to th.es franking
privilege, I think it is. necessary to members
of Congress while they are subjected to the
necessity of so great an amount of corre-
spondence relating wholly to public business.
1 am certainly in favor of the first section of
the substitute now before the House. I have
never found it proper for myself to do other-
wise than with my own hand to write every
frank I have attached to the mail matter sent
by myself. I shall vote for both sections.
[Here the hammer fell.]
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now call the pre-
vious question upon the bill and pending
amendments.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If we vote down the pre-
vious question, eaa we afterward amend this
bill so as to give some vitality to it?
The SPEAKER. By voting down the pre-
vious question, and then voting down the
amendments which are now pending to the bill,
other amendments can then be offered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I believe all the good
amendments have been left out, and those
which would make the matter worse are left in.
The SPEAKER. That is- not a parliament-
ary question which the Chair can answer.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to say that I shall
call for a division of the question upon the
second section of the substitute.
The SPEAKER. .Resolutions can be di-
vided, but bills must be voted upon as a whole.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is a motion
pending to strike out the second section, which
will answer the purpose of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Wood.]
The question recurred upon the demand for
the previous question; and being taken, it was
seconded, upon a division—ayes eighty-one,
noes not counted.
The main question w®s then ordered.
The first question was upon the motion of
Mr. Miller, to amend the second section of
the substitute by adding to it, the words,
" except correspondence with the Commis-
sioner of Pensions in relation to pensions."
The amendment was not agreed to.
The next question was upon the motion of
Mr. Furry, to strike out the second section
of the substitute, which had been amended to
read as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That from and
alter the 1st day of April next no officer of the Gov-
member of Congress, or other person enti-
tled by law to the franking privilege shall, by reason
of such privilege, be entitled to receive through the
mails any mail matter free of postage, except public
documents printed by order of Congress; hut. all iiutil
matter directed to any such officer, member of Con-
gress, or other tierson shall (unless duly franked or
otherwise declared by 1 aw free matter) bo charged
postage as in other cases.
The question was takeu ; and upon a division
tbere^were—ayes 89, noes 33.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SPALDING called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the bill be
laid on the table.
The motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The question reenrred upon the motion of
Mr. Fekry, to strike out the second section
of the substitute, upon which the yeas and
nays had been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
m the affirmative—yeas 123, nays 50, not voting
43; us follows:
YEAS—Messrs, AUison, Archer, Deloa R. Ashley
James M. Ashley.. Axtell. Bailey, Banks, Bwniim,
Beattv, Beck, Benjamin, Blame, Blair, Bbles, Bout-
well, Boyden, Boyer, Bromwell, Buckland, Buckley
Burr. Roderick R. Butler, CaHis, C«if Ctonler,'
Churchill, Cobb, Cobuni, Corley, Cornell, Cullom,
Dawes, Delano, DoGker-y, Dodg.e, Thomas D. Eliot,
James T. Elliott, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, French, Gar-
field, Oefcz, (Hossbrenner, Crolladay,Goss, Gore, Gris-
wold, Grover, Hawkins, Higby, Holman, Hooper,
Hopkins, Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Alexander H. Jones, 'fhomas L. Jones, Julian, Kel-
ley, Kelsey, Kerr, Keteham, Kitchen; Knott, ICoontz,
Lincoln, Logan, Bonghridge, Lynch, Mallory, Mar-
shall, Maynard, McCarthy, McCormick, MoCullough,
Mercuv, Mullins. Mungen, Myers, Newsham, Nichol-
son, Norris, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perharn, Peters,
Pike, Price, Prince, Randall, Raum, Robertson,
Roots, Ross, Sawyer, Schenck, Siianks, Sitgreaves,
Smith, Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Taffe, Thomas,
Twichell,Van Aernam,Van Auken, Burt van Horn,
Robert T,. Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn, Wclker,
Whittemore, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Wood,Woodward, and
Young—123.
NATS"—Messrs. Arnell, Baker, Baldwin, Barnes,
Beaman, Benton, Brooinali, Reader W. Clarke,
Cook, Deweese, Driggs, Ela, Farnsworth, Harding,
Haughey, Heaton.Hotchkiss, Johnson, Judd,Lafhn,
Lash, George V. Lawrence,William Lawrence. Mar-
vin, McKee, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrcll,
Newcomb, Hiblack, Pettis, Phelps, Pierce, Pile,
Plants, Poland, Polsley, Robinson, Scofield, Shella-
bax'ger, Spalding, Starkweather, Stover, Taber, Tay-
lor, Tift, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Trump, Van Wyck, Ward, Elihu B. Washburne,
William B. Washburn, and Thomas Williams—50.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Bingham, Blackburn, Boweu, Brooks, Benjamin F.
Butler, Cake, Sidney Clarke, Chft, Covode, Dickey,
Dixon, Donnelly, ISckloy, Edwards, Eggleston, Eld-
ridge, Fox, Gravely, Haight, Hajsey, Hamilton, Hill,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard
D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Kellogg, Loan, Morrissey,
Nunn, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Selye, Stone, Sypher, Law-
rence S. Trimble, Vidal, Cadwalader 0. Washburn,
William Williams, and Woodbridge—43.
So the amendment was adopted.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the substitute, as amended, will be agreed to,
in lieu of the original bill.
There was no objection.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
The question being on the passage of the
bill,
Mr. FARNSWORTH called the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. INGBRSOLL. I call for the reading
of the bill as amended.
The bill, as amended, was read. It provides
that it shall not be lawful for any officer of the
Government, member of Congress, or other
person entitled by law to the franking privilege,
to exercise that privilege otherwise than by his
or her written autograph signature upon the
matter franked; and all letters or other mail
matter not thus franked by the written signa-
ture of a person entitled by law to exercise
said privilege are to be charged with the rates
of postage which are now, or may be here-
after, established by law.
The bill was passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REMOVAL, or POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the Committee
on Reconstruction, reported.a bill (H. R. No.
1746) for the removal of certain disabilities
from persons therein named ; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that, with
the concurrence of two thirds of each House,
all legal and political disabilities imposed by
the United States upon the following named
citizens of the several States mentioned, in con-
sequence of participation in the rebellion, be
removed:
Of Virginia.—Albemarle county: John F. Early,
Ira Garrett, William Wertenbaker, John Wood, jr.,
Andrew J. Brown, William T. Early, D. W. Burnley,
Ezra M. Wolfe, Thomas W. Wood, J.H. Rives, John
H. Bibb.
Bedford county: S. B. Wright, Charles A. Bower.
L. A. Sale.
Buckingham county: William A. Moss, J. Hill,
Alexander Moseley, R. K. Irving.
Campbell county: John W  Bui ton, R, S. Barton
C. V. JJlynn.
Caroline county: Myor Angle, jr.
Charlotte county: P. M. Read.
•Chesterfield county: Francis C. Moss.
- Clarke county: LewisF. Glass.
Dkiwidcfie county: Robert Boiling. Thomas II.
Boisseau, J. H. Smith.
Fauquier county: Robert. B. Boiling.
Floydcounty: B. P. Elliott, A. J.Kerby, F.A. Win-
sto.u.
Fluvanna county: Thomas H. Tutwiller.
Franklin county: William E. Andrews.
Goochland county: R. G. Banks.
Halifax county : B. F. Garret!, AT. L. Owen.
Hanover county; WilliamC. Wickham, John Page.
Henrico county: Thomas M. Kimbrough.
Henry eounty: GteurgeD. Gravely, C. Y. Thomas,
John F. Pedigo, John T. Hawlett.
Montgomery county: James C. Taylor.
Northampton county: William G Rjley.
Orange county : Lewis B. Williams.
Rappahannock county: F. II. Bruce.
Rockbridge county: James 6. Parton.
Rockingham eounty: John T. Harris.
Pittsylvania county: J. W. McKinsey, William
Eison, John Pairo.
Petersburg: D. W. Lassiter, E. 0. Hinton, James
M. B. Stewart, John R. Hinton.
Prince Edward county: R. S. Hines, B. S. Hooper,
H. R. Hooper. John V. Miller, Robert D. Miller,
Frank D. Redd.
Rappahannock county: B. I. Holland, Willis
Browning.
Richmond county: Albert P. Bennett, Richard F.
W alker.
Richmond eounty: W. W. Raine.
Roanoke county : Ferdinand! Woltz.
Rockbridge county: George H. Baker.
Russell county: A. C. Ferguson, Thomas H. Gar-
rett, William Johnson, Samuel II. Nash, Thomas J.
Riley, B. I). Seacott, William J. Dickinson, Thomas
G._ M. Alderson, James H. Dickinson, Thomas T.
Dickinson, Jacob O. Gont.
Shenandoah county: Franklin H. Wisler, Jesse C.
McKay.
Smyth county: Thomas H. Thruman, W. P. Fran-
cis. J. M. Pruner, E. S. Watson, James B. Lowden.
Spottsylvania county: James B. Sener.
Wise county; Robert P. Dickinson.
Washington county: D..C. Dunn.
North Camliiia — Onslow county: Jasper Ether-
idge.
Alabama—Lauderdale county: D. L. Dalton.
Leo county: Joseph W. Phillips.
Lowndes county: Robert D. Sims, Michael Burke,
Frank E. Lawrin.
Marion county: George McDuffie.
Randolph eounty: W.A.J, swan, George Forrister,
Z. M. Iiutchins.
Georgia—Twiggs county : E. S. Griffin.
Louisiana—Caldwell palish: WadeH. Hough.
Claiborne parish: James H. Maxwell, John L.
Lewis.
New Orleans: J. E. Trudeau.
Mississippi—Claiborne county: Joshua S. Morris.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hold in my hand
vouchers for all these names. They are not so
very numerous. The Clerk has fead .the name
of each State and county, which has taken some
time. Nearly -every one of those men from
Virginia is vouched for and recommended by
the State Republican committee of that State,
which my Republican friends ought to regard
as a pretty good backer; and as for my Dem-
ocratic friends, they never doubt the loyalty of
any man who is vouchcd for by Republicans,
I a.m sure. There are a few names of persons
that have been recommended by members of
Congress. The committee, I believe, have been
exceedingly circumspect in regard to this list
of names. There is a large number that we
have not acted upon ; and the names that we
have reported we were unanimously agreed
upon as of persons about whom there can be
no sort of doubt.
Mr. MULLINS. I wish to ask whether atiy
of these men have petitioned for themselves,
or are they here by the petition of others ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Every one of them
has petitioned for himself.
Mr. MULLIjSTS. One further question. Are
they all now in office or all desiring office ?
[Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no doubt
they all desire office, for that is a desire that is
very prevalent at this time. But that they are
all in office I very much doubt. I think very
few of them hold office.
Mr. MULLINS. Only one more question.
I see Shenandoah county in the list. Mosby
figured largely in that region. Is he brought
in here? [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir ; his name
is not in. We will be very happy to consider
a bill for his relief when my friend shall olfer it.
Mr. MULLINS. Well, sir, Gabriel will
snap his resurrection gun before I offer it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky.
