256
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
Ho. of Reps.
Election Contest—Chaves vs. Clever—Mr. Clever.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
goes to show that the Legislature must have
intended to clothe that officer with certain judi-
cial functions in matters of elections; and un-
less his decisions are shown to be erroneous I
contend that the adjudication of that officer
must hold good.
As to the mode and manner in which the
returns from Mora county were forwarded to
the secretary of the Territory, I shall say noth-
ing except to read the testimony of Don Vicente
Romero, probate judge, one of the best citi-
zens of our Territory, (see page 143, ibid.:)
"Present, as on yesterday. Don Vicente Romero
now appears and asks leave to explain as to the man-
ner in which the poll-books were forwarded, as he
misunderstood the question as explained to him on
yesterday; which leave is granted by the court.
' Answer. I accompanied the person who carried
the books from his house to Fort Union, where they
were delivered to Harry Harri3S, the postmaster, for
the purpose of having them forwarded to Governor
Mitchell. I sent them by mail and accompanied the
mail man to Fort Union for the reasons that there
were rumors in circulation that there would be an
attempt made by the Chaves party to take the books
and destroy them; and in order to have them more
securely conveyed, I requested Mr. Harriss to for-
ward them in the most secure manner, and to have
them indorsed in such a manner as to induce the
belief that they were not poll-books. The ballot-
box from the La Junta precinct, when I received it,
was wrapped with yellow paper, and the paper
sealed, and the top ot the box and over the aperture
was pasted white paper in the form of a cross, with
Mr. Nelson's name on the paper."
Henry V. Harriss, esq., the postmaster at
Fort Union, on pages 87 and 88, (ibid.,) called
on the part of contestant, testifies as follows:
" Question. Did you or did you not, at any time
after the last election, see the returns of the election
in the county of Mora, in bulk or separately ? If so,
state how, and in what manner, and when.
44Answer. I saw what I supposed to be the returns
in bulk; they were given to me by "Vicente Romero
to be delivered in Santa F6.
" Question. Did you deliverthem yourself in Santa
F6; if so, to whom?
['Answer. I djd not.
" Question. Were they sent to Santa Fe ?
"Answer. Theyweio.
"Question,. By whom, and how?
"Answer. I sent them there by the southern over-
land express.
" Question. To whom were those returns addressed
in Santa F6?
"Answer. I do not recollect to whom they were
addressed when they were handed to me; but I put
anothei wrapper over them and directed them to
Governor Mitchell, at Santa Fe, New Mexico. They
were sealed when handed to me.
"Question. What was the dii ection andinscription,
if you rtcollect, as you transmitted the package?"
"Answer. 'Governor RobertB.Mitchell, SantaFe,
New Mexico—value, $5,000.'
" Question. What kind of paper was that package
wrapped in?
"Answer. It was wrapped in post office paper, the
same as used in mailing letters. I put the outside
wrapper on myself and addressed it as above.
' Question. Was the package handed to you by
Vicente Romero, purporting to have been the re-
turns ot the last general election held in this county,
examined by you?
I did not examine it.
"Question. Did you send that package by what
you deemed to be the most safe conveyance ?
"Answer. I did."
As the law providing that the returns shall
be forwarded by the probate judges to the secre-
tary is only directory, intended only to secure the
speedy and safe transmission of such returns,
and as it is conclusively shown that the inten-
tion of the probate judge in forwarding the
returns as he did was to prevent the Chaves
party from capturing them, and no evidence
having been adduced that these returns have
been tampered wilh, but, on the contrary, that
they safely reached the hands of the secretary
without having even been opened by Governor
Mitchell, I dismiss the subject.
The committee, on page 4 of the report, say.
"And the additional fact in evidence that in two
di<5t) ict< or precincts in said county the vote of 1807
amounted to 948, although in 1866 thesame precincts
were in one and polled but '637 votes."
In 1886 there was no general election held in
theTerritory. The testimony throughout shows
that the vote in the different counties and pre-
cincts where no general election is held is very
small, sometimes only one third or one fourth.
Contestant has used H. H. Heath long enough ;
now 1 beg to be permitted to use him for a
moment.
We find on pages 39 and 40 (Mis. Doc. No.
14) the following:
"November 13,1868.
"Present as on yesterday.
"Taking of testimony resumed.
"H. H. Heath sworn :
" J. F. Chaves, by S. B. Elkins, attorney.
"H. H. Heath, attorney for attorney, now presents
a protestherein, as of yesterday, which is overruled.
" Question 1. Are you the secretary of the Territory
of New Mexico?
" Answer. I am.
" Question 2. Have you in your office the returns of
the election held in the county of San Miguel, dur-
ing the year 1867 and 1868? If so, state the differ-
ence of the vote in that county of the year 1867 and
1868.
" Answer. The returns named are onfilein my office,
and I have them here. The vote cast for Colonel
Chaves in 1867 was 2,137, and that for General Clever
999, being a total vote for Delegates of 3,136. The
Republican vote in the county of San Miguel in
1868 was respectively for the candidates 1,202,1,204,
1,073, and 1,139"—
And he hastily interpolates as he did inter-
polate in the prayer—
" therehaving been, as I believe, no Democratic can-
didate in the field.
" QuestionB. What was the highest number of votes
cast for any one Representative?
" Answer. Twelve hundred and four.
" Question 4. Look at the extract of the returns from
Pena Blanca for the year3 1867 and 1868, county of
Santa Anna; if so, state what is the difference in that
precinct of Pena Blanca?
"Answer. The vote for Delegate in precinct No. 1
in the year 1867 was 165; and in 1868 the number of
votes cast for representative was 118.
" Question o. Have you in your office the roll-books
or abstracts of the vote cast in precincts Nos. 13 and
14, as returned to your office, from the county of
Socorro, in the year 1867 ?
" Answer. I have not.
" Question 6. What disposition did you make of
said poll-books and abstracts?
" Ansxcer. That abstract and those poll-books were
transmitted to Washington city, with the evidence
taken at La Junta, in February last, to the best of
my recollection, with the testimony which I gave at I
that examination. j
" Question 1. Were tho^e poll-books and abstracts
made exhibits in that testimony or not? ;
"Answer. They were. j
" Question 8. Was a subpena duces tecum served ■
upon you to produce that abstract and poll-books
or not?
" Answer. I do not recollect whether I was sub-
penaed duces tecum or not. I was the acting attorney
upon that examination for the attorney of Colonel
Chaves, and had been subpenaed as a witness upon
that examination, and know that those poll-books
and abstract were necessary to my evidence, and
therefore took them/'
Here, then, you have the testimony of the
secretary, witness, attorney, sole attorney, and
attorney for attorney, (objecting to the taking
of his own testimony,) showing that in the
county of San Miguel the vote at the local
election had fallen off nearly two thirds from
the vote of the general election in 1867.
The lists of registry furnished by the secre-
tary of the voters who registered in 1868 shows
more plainly what little interest our people take
when there is no general election. On page
8 (Mis. Doc. No. 14) the following certificate
is found attached to the registry list:
Yo, Trinidad Lopez, mimbro de la eomision de
registro por el precinto No. 11. del condado de Mora,
certifico que los nombres puestos en la antecedente
lista de registro no ancido personalmente subscritos
por ellos mistnos y ancido puesto en su ausencia, con
la excepcion de dies u dose.
TRINIDAD LOPEZ,
G. W. GREGG.
Which, translated into English, reads:
" I, Trinidad Lopez, member of the board of regis-
ters tor the precinct No. 11, of the county of Mora,
do hereby certify that the names inserted in the
foregoing list ot registry were not personally sub-
scribed by the parties themselves, but have been
placed on the list in their absence, with the excep-
tion of ten or twelve.
TRINIDAD LOPEZ,
G. W. GREGG.
Now, in the precinct where the committee
concedes that a large number of votes were
polled only twelve persons appeared to regis-
ter for a local election.
I dismiss this subject, only remarking that
in my opinion there can be found no evidence
in this case warranting the remark contained
in the report of the committee.
On page 4 the report, speaking of the pre-
cinct of Bernalillo, states, " and that although
there is no evidence thai the return was either
incorrect or fraudulent they recommend that
such majority of 139 be withdrawn from the
contestant's vote as returned to the secretary of
the Territory
I may be ignorant of what the word u evi-
dence" means j but on this point I will read a
portion of the evidence. On page 129 (Mis.
Doc. 154) Mateo de Luna says:
"Question. State, if you know, by whom the ballots
were generally passed in to the judges.
"Answer. The most of them were handed in through
a vacant square for a glass in the window by Mariano
Otero to one of the judges, and he would cry out the
name of the person to the judges."
Section twenty-two, page 436, Compiled Laws
of New Mexico, provides that "all votes shall
be by ballot, each voter being required to deliver
his own vote in person.11 Most of the votes
being handed through a vacant square for a
glass by one Mariano Otero, and not delivered
by the voter himself, seems to me to be a fatal
defect as to the votes so handed in.
Mr. Luna continues, (same page :)
"Question. Did you see any person prevented from
voting on that day through threats or intimidation?
If so, state about how many.
"Answer. I did not hear any threats or menaces
used, but I did see many persons having tickets to
vote for Mr. Clever pushed away from the window
and prevented from voting."
And on page 130 (ibid.) Mr. Luna says:
"Question. Were the tickets opened by any one
during the day and the names of the candidates on
the ballots called off?
"Answer The tickets were handed in doubled up
and placed in the ballot-box unopened, one of the
judges simply saying, 'This is fur Chaves.' I re-
quested them to permit me to examine some of the
ticket?-, but they declined to do so.
"Question. How many men, more or less, on that
day, did you see pushed away from the window and
prevented from voting?
"Answer. The greater part of the voters were pre-
vented by the people standing in files about the
window.
"Question. Did you see any ballots thrown away
by any ot thejudges of election on that day? an 1 if
so, state how many."
"[Objected to by counsel for Mr. Chaves, and objec-
tion overruled.]
"jinsu-er. I saw the judge who received the ballots}
throw one out through the window, ami another \\n
threw down on the floor, which I picked up fruai i.io
floor and asked the judge why he had thrown it
away. The judge stated it was not valid. I then
appealed to the presiding^ udge, and he told me that
they were complying with the law. The ticket was
for Mr. Clever."
The judges were complying with the law
when, throwing away the tickets handed in for
the sitting Delegate, and without opening any
tickets counted them by crying out, if This is
for ChavesI shall abstain from discussing
this point and the committee's remarks any
further.
The committee further say that no testimony
has been offered as to the alleged illegality of
77 votes in precinct No. 7, known as Los Ala-
mos. The poll-book from that precinct was
before the committee, brought there by con-
testant himself, the inspection of which will
show that there are no signatures to the return,
neither those of the judges or the clerks of
election. [Herethe poll-book isshown.] Not
kuowing the principle of law or evidence upon
which the committee base their opinion, I am
compelled to leave this point without further
comment.
On page 5 of the report the committee say:
" Your committee are of opinion that the evidence
upon the part of the sitting Delegate is insufficient
in support of his allegation with reference to the 82
votes claimed to have been cast by aliens in the
county of Santa Ee, and the same is not allowed."
The treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo contains a
clause providing that those Mexican citizens
residing in the ceded territories who do not
desire to become citizens of the United States
may, within one year after the ratification of
the treaty, elect to retain their character as
Mexican citizens. Under this provision of the
treaty Colonel Washington, civil and military
Governor of New Mexico, issued a proclama-
tion, a Spanish copy of which is found on page
146, (Mis. Doc. No. 154,) ordering that all
Mexicans at that time residing within the
limits of the Territory ofNew Mexico and who
