1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
257
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Election Contest—Chaves vs. Clever—Mr. Clever.
Ho. of Reps.
desired to retain their character as Mexican
citizens (or citizens of the republic of Mexico)
should, within a certain time, make the declar-
ation provided for by the terms of the treaty.
Many of the Mexicans, misled by emissaries
sent from the Mexican States to New Mexico,
did make the declaration to so retain their citi-*
zenship of the republic of Mexico. It is shown
in evidence that 82 of them voted at the last
election in the county of Santa F6for contest-
ant ; but to cite here the testimony of the wit
nesses on this point, and to elucidate the legal
import of that testimony, would occupy too
much of the time allotted to me for argument.
While I believe the committee to have had
sufficient evidence before them to reject the 82
votes cast for contestant in Santa Ffe county by
citizens of the republic of Mexico, I do not in-
sist that they shall Vie disfranchised or injured,
as many of them are my personal friends, and
most of them are respected and honest men. I
know they were deceived when they signed the
declaration.
During the last session I introduced a bill to
restore them to citizenship, and I hope that the
committee, or some one of them, remembering
the position they have taken in this case, will be
foremost in assisting to have a law of Congress
passed restoring them to citizenship, to which by
their conduct, interest, and circumstances they
are entitled. These so-called Mexican citizens
during the late civil war stood by the Govern-
ment of the United States as well as all of the
inhabitants of New Mexico, and a proper con-
sideration of their case will soon disembarrass
elections as well as judicial tribunals in New
Mexico. I desire the committee as well as
the members of this House to know that I can
affopd to be generous as well as just.
The report on page 5 states:
"Your committee are of opinion that the secre-
tary of the Territory was warranted in omitting the
sitting Delegate's majority of 28 in_ his count upon
Which certificate was issued, touching the vote in
precinct No. 5, and known as Barel.as, in the county
of Bernalillo, although the committee believe that
it is probable that the sitting member received in
said precinct a majority of 28 votes, but which must
not be allowed now for the reason that your com-
mittee give for disallowing the contestant his ma-
jority claimed in Bernalillo, precinct No. 1, m the
county of Bernalillo."
The committee is mistaken in saying that the
secretary was warranted in omitting the sitting
Delegate's majority of 28 in his count, &e.,
because that majority or any vote from that
precinct never came before the secretary. Ike
probate judge excluded that precinct on account
that no poll-books properly signed came before
him. But the testimony shows that such a
majority was given in that precinct for the sit-
ting Delegate, and therefore should have been
allowed him by the committee. The commit-
tee undertakes to trade off this majority for
the reason that the committee gave fur disal-
lowing the contestant his majority claimed in
Bernalillo, precinct No. 1, in the county of
Bernalillo. The evidence on this point is pos-
itive. Aaron Zeckendorf, on page 125, (Mis.
Doc. No. 154,) testifies that a certificate in con-
formity with the laws of the Territory was
obtained, which he produced, and which is in
the words and figures following, to wit:
" Question. Was this certificate signed by the judges
of election in your presence?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
tcstion. State the contents of the certificate.
swer. Its contents are as iollows:
"'Wc the undersigned judges and clerks of the
election held on the 2d day of September, lS67i m
the precinct ot Barelas, in the county of Bernalillo
and Territory of New Mexico, ccitify that the totlow-
ing named persons received the votes set opposite
their names for the offices as stated respectively:
For Delegate in Congress—Charles P. Clevej, 8J
Votes; Francisco Chaves, 61 votes.
" ' For Senators—Jose Ynez Perea, 83 votes ; Andres
Romero, 53 votes; Jos6 Antonio Lujan, 83 votes;
Miguel Anto Lobato, 83 votes; W. H. Henrie, 53
votes; Vicente Chavez, 53 votes.
"'Judge of iJ,o6af<^Scrifin Bamirez, 83 votes;
Thomas Uutierres, 53 votes.
"'Sherijj—Matio de Luna, 81 votes; Manuel Gar-
cia, 55 votes. „ T . T
"' Coroner—Green Wilson, 83 votes; James A. Jere-
miah, 53 votes.
40th Cong. 3d Siss.—No. 17.
"'Jues de Paz—Amhrosio Garcia, 82 votes; Jos6
Candelario, 53 votes.
Constable—Jose Antonio Martin, 82 votes; Lor-
enzo Candelario, 53 votes.
BLAS MATA,
FRANCISCO SPODACA,
GREGORIO VARELA,.
Judge? of Eleciiojh.
JUAN ARiMIJO,
Qlerk of Election.
Barelas, N. M., September 2,1867/
"Question. State whether the above is a true and
correct copy of the certificate handed to you by Ben-
jamin Stevens after the votes had been counted at
the Barelas precinct.
"Answer. It is.
44Question, Was that certificate explained to the
officers of the election in Spanish before it was signed
by them?
"Answer. It was, in the Spanish language.
"Question. Do you understand the Spanish lan-
guage ?
"Answer. I do, sufficiently to know that the certifi-
cate was explained to them before they signed it."
This certificate, as I have stated, was ob-
tained uDder the laws of New Mexico, and
under those laws it is made evidence. The
committee disallows the majority given in this
precinct to the sitting Delegate, fo^r the reason
as they say, 1' that they have disallowed the con-
testant Ms majority in Bernalillo 'precinct."
The election in these precincts should stand or
fall according to their own merits. I have
shown that the election in Bernalillo precinct
was a farce. I most earnestly but respectfully
object to the committee's attempting to trade
oft the vote given bona fide in Barelas pre-
cinct for the iarce enacted in the precinct of
Bernalillo.
According to the testimony of H. H. Heath,
secretary of the Territory, page 40, (Mis. Doc.
No. 14,) 165 votes were cast in the precinct of
Pena Blanca, county of Santa Ana. As to the
voting in that precinct, Roman Baca, a wit-
ness uncontradicted, says, page 181, (Mis.
Doc. 154:)
" Question. "Where were you on the day of the last
generaL election held m this Territory for Delegate
to Congress on the first Monday of September, 1867 ?
" Answer. I was in the precinct No. 1 of said
county of SantaAnna, Piena Blanca.
"Question. Were you at the polls that day from
the opening to the closing of the same? If so, state
at what time they were opened; and at what time
they were closed and in what manner the election
was conducted. .
" Answer. I was present at the opening of the polls,
which took place about nine o'clock a. m. I re-
mained at or near the polls until noon, atwhieh time
a recess was taken for dinner. When I returned
from my dinner the voting had commenced, lhe
polls were closed, I think, about six o'clock. Some
voted for the candidate of their choice; others, from
what I saw and believe, voted against their will. The
ballots were handed by the voters to Antonio Sanchez,
one of the judges of the election, an d by htm to Davia
Baca, another of the judges, who called off the names
of the candidates to the clerks. He sometimes mis-
called the names, calling the names ol Chaves when
he should have called that of Mr. Clever."
And on page 1S2 (ibid.) Mr. Roman Baca
says:
"Question,. Did you see any men not allowed to vote
on that day who wished to vote for Mr. Clever who
were told by the judges that if they would vote tor
Mr. Chaves they could vote?
"Answer. I sawtlireeinen oner tovote forMr.Cle-
ver whose votes weie not taken, but were told that
I if they would vote tor Mr. Chaves they could do so.
1 " Question. Did you or not hear a majority of the
voteis say on that day that they desired to vote tor
Mr. Clever, but through fear of lomas Gabeza de
Baca they had to vote for Mr. Chaves; that Baca
would persecute them if they did not vote tor Mr.
Chaves'/ , . ,
"Answer. I heard a large number say that they
wished to vote for Sir. Clever, but were afraid to do
so on account of threats made by Tornas Cabeza de
Baca, and some did not vote or come near the polls
on that day through fear of Mr. Baca, as they said,
and 1 believe. .
"Question. Atthe closing of the polls did the judges
of the election call off the names of the several can-
didates voted for, as shown by the tickets in the
ballot-box? , . ,
"Answer. When the polls were closed the tickets
were taken from the ballot-box and countcd, but the
names of the candidates were not called out, or any
count of the votes cast for each one. The tickets
were placed back in the box and the box taken away
by one of the judges of the election, David Baca.
"Question. To what party did theotliceisof the elec-
tion belong—to the Clever or Chaves party?
"Answer. They belonged to the Chaves party. An-
tonio Sanchez, one of the judges, a short time titter
the election stated under oath in my presence uitue
district court that he was a citizen of the republic
of Mexico.
„   Did you know of any persons being
threatened by Tomas Cabeza de Baca that if they
voted for Mr. Clever he would take their houses from
and deprive them of the use of wood and pasture
which they had always, and therefore they were com-
pelled to vote for Mr. Chaves ?
" Answer. Several told me previous to the election
that they had been so threatened, and although Mr.
Clever was their choice they could not vote for him
through fearof Mr. Baca; they must obey his order.
"Question. Were not Mr. Clever's friends previous
to and on the day of the election threatened with
violence and grossly insulted on account of support-
ing him?
" Answer. They were and have since the election.
" Question. When persons who wished to vote for
Mr. Chaves were challenged did not the judges re-
fuse to administer the oath to them as to their quali-
fications, but allowed them to vote?
" Answer. They did."
The committee seem to have taken no notice
whatever of this testimony. The evidence of
Baca shows that there were not only threats
and gross irregularity, but absolute illegality
in the voting in this precinct. Had the com-
mittee duly weighed this evidence they might
have come to some different conclusion.
Thus far I have spoken only as to the legal
aspect of this case. I believe that I have shown
conclusively to every legal mind, as I said at
the outset, that the report in this case "is
founded upon a misapprehension of the law
which should govern in this case and the facts
as disclosed by the evidence."
An effort has been made to show that there
exist in the Territory of New Mexico two par-
ties divided on national politics. Such is not
the case, at least such was not the fact at the
election in September, 1S67. A few dema-
gogues for the purpose of their own aggrand-
izement may make such a proclamation. The
people of New Mexico at the time of the elec-
tion voted solely for the two candidates as the
one or the other was regarded as the better
promoter of the interests of the Territory in the
national councils, or follow the lead or obey
the behests of certain " lordsofthesoil " whose
influence was exerted in behalf of their patri-
cian friend and relative.
The attempt to tack on to the great Repub-
lican party of the nation one of the old purely
personal and local parties of New Mexico and
long time and bitter animosities and antagon-
isms of such party will be a most potent agent
in preventing the formation, growth, and su-
premacy of a Republican party in the Territory.
I have made mention of this state of things
because I know that an effort has been and is
being made to so prejudice the members of this
House as to induce them to be ready to lend a
willing ear to anything that seems to confirm the
contestant's right to a seat in this House. This,
of course, has no bearing upon the merits of
this case, judging of them by the law or by the
evidence. But 1 wish to call attention to the
fact that tlie efforts to excite prejudice's ap-
parent throughout the testimony and in the
efforts of parties connected with the case : and
I have desired to show that there is no found-
ation upon which to base such a prejudice.
In both the Chaves and Clever parties there
were individual representatives of the most
extreme views of each of the great national
parties, and it would be as absurd for me to
claim that my election was a triumph of either
of those parties as it is now for the contestant.
That no regard to our political divisions here
were paid in the election is shown throughout
the testimony, as all of the witnesses speak
of the Chaves and Clever parties.
On page 46 {ibid.) Don Antonio Guadalupe
Corduva, an honest and intelligent citizen,
gives the following answer:
"Question. To what political party do youbelong?
Do you know the difference between a Democrat and
a Radical ? „, „,
"Answer. 1 do not; I belong to the Chaves party.
I did belong to the Clever party, but now belong to
the Chaves party."
It will thus be seen that the last election for
Delegate to Congress was not carried on upon
any party issue, and that personal preference
and local issues were the only questions in-
volved. You can no more make out of my hon-
