482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
ing pensions there, the $1,970. _ The United
States agent first took his affidavitthafc he had
no interest directly or indirectly in the amount
of back pension, and then paid the money to
him in good faith.
Immediately afterward these men, Sawyer
and Bess, went to the old man, Isaac Philips,
and offered to compromise with him by giving
him $222 of the $1,976 which they had drawn.
Sawyer introduced Bess to the old niian as a
clerk in the Pension Office at Washington,
and they told him that if he did not take the
amount they offered him he would notgetany-
thing. The old man refused to take the amount
they offered, but stated he was willing to pay
what was right. Bess then left seventy-five
dollars with the justice of the peace, which the
old man afterward reluctantly took; and that
was all that he received so far as the evidence
adduced before the committee shews.
This old man went to live with his son, who
was very poor and also old. Afterward, not
being able to get the money Bess had received
belonging to the old man for his pension, a
prosecution was instituted in the district court
of the United States for the western district of
Pennsylvania at WilliamsportagainstLawrence
Bess and Abial Sawyer for forgery, and on the
20th of June, 1860, the grand jury found a true
bill for forging the power of attorney. In 18G1
old Mr. Philips died, and afterward, on the
22d of September, 1863, said indictment came
on to be tried,, and the only defense seemed to
be insisted on was the act of limitation of 30th
April, 1790, which limits the prosecution to
two years after committing the offense ; and
on that ground the court (Judges Grier and
McCandles) directed an acquittal; and in that
way, and that way only, they escaped punish-
ment. Justice Grierstated that the court had
no doubt, under the evidence, of their guilt, but
felt bound, under the act limiting the time such
offense must be prosecuted, to direct an acquit-
tal. Old Mr. Philips went to reside with his
son; and after the death of the son the old
man continued to live with his daughter-in-law,
who took care and attended him faithfully up
to the time of his death, he being upward of
ninety years old when he died.
Taking into consideration all the facts and
circumstances of the case, and that the old
man and his wife are both dead, and in fact
nearly all his relatives are also dead, the com-
mittee have decided to recommend the pay-
ment of $500 to his daughter-in-law, Sally
Philips, who is now old and very poor, for
taking care of the old gentleman in his declin-
ing years and last sickness. Were he now liv-
ing, there is no doubt he would justly be enti-
tled to the whole amount of the money.
Mr. CULLOM. If I understand the gentle-
man's statement, the object of this bill is to
pay some woman for taking care of a man who
bad a pension during his lifetime.
Mr. MILLER. So. sir; the object is to
pay a relative of this old man that which would
be justly coming to him if he were alive.
Mr. C/ULLOM. Pay it to whom?
Mr. MILLER. The proposition is to pay
to his daughter-in-law, who took care of him,
$500 of the pension money to which the old
fentleman, if living, would be justly entitled.
te had received in his lifetime the certificate
for $1,976, which was paid on a forged power
of attorney to Lawrence Ress. We do not pro-
pose to allow this lady an annuity; but simply
to pay her $500 of the pension money justly
belonging to her old father-in-law.
Mr. CULLOM. The old gentleman is dead.
Mr. MILLER. He is now dead.
Mr. CULLOM. Then this money is to go
to the woman that took care of him during his
lifetime.
Mr. MILLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. CULLOM. That is what I said. It is
a pension paid not to the party himself, but
to somebody else.
Mr. MILLEE. No, sir; the pension goes
just where it belongs. The pension accrued
to the old man during his lifetime, and it Was
si pension money to which he was entitled.
Mr. UPSON. Has the Government once
paid the amount due on this certificate?
Mr. MILLER. No, sir; it was paid on a
forged power of attorney to that scamp, Law-
renC0 Jj)Qgg>
Mr. UPSON. Is this lady in indigent cir-
cumstances?
Mr. MILLER. Yes, sir; she is very poor,
and, as I have already said, nursed and took
care of him till his death.
Mr. UPSON. Was the power of attorney
forged by the attorney of the revolutionary
soldier?
Mr. MILLER. Yes, sir; by a man that
claimed to be acting as his attorney, under a
power which had been forged. I will add, Mr.
Speaker, that I have drawn up a leDgthy report
of eighteen pages containing all the facts con-
nected with the case, and if any gentleman
desires to read it he can do so, as it is now on
file. I now demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for* a third reading; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the hill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOIS CliAKK.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims and of the War of 1812, re-
ported back a bill (S. No. 569) graining relief
to Lois Claik.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to pay to Lois Clark, of
Milton, Vermont, the sum of $750, being the
amount due to her father, Abraham Lawrence,
a soldier of the Revolution, as pension from
March 4, 1881, to tlio day of his death, June
13, 1837.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order
that this bill contains an appropriation, and
must receive its first consideration in the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. If it is insisted upon the bill
must go to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will reserve the point of
order till I hear some explanation of the bill.
Mr. MILLER. I will state the facts of this
case as I understand them. Lois Clark, now
claiming the amount named in the bill, is the
only surviving child of a revolutionary soldier
who resided in the State of Vermont. He was
entitled under an act of Congress to a pension.
While he was 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I insist upon the point
of order.
The SPEAKER. The point of order being
insisted upon, the bill must receive its first
consideration in the Committee of the Whole,
to which it is now referred. The report accom-
panying the bill will be ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORT.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the bill (H. R. No. 195)
to provide pensions for certain officers and
soldiers of the United States who served in the
war of 1812, in the Mexican war, and in the
Indian wars, up to and including the Black
Hawk war, and for other purposes: and the
same was laid on the table.
CHARMS MOSS.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
reported back the bill (H. R. No. 1095) grant-
ing a pension to Charles Moss, of Lewisburg,
Pennsylvania, with a recommendation that it
do pass.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll the name of the
applicant, a soldier of the war of 1812, who
served with the first regiment of Pennsylvania
militia, and pay him a pension of eight dol-
lars per month during his natural lite, com-
mencing the 1st day of January, 1868.
Mr. WELKER. I would like the gentle-
man to state some reasons for granting this
pension.
Mr. MILLER. This man was a soldier in
the war of 1812. He is very old and crippled,
and very poor, not able to make a living. He
has been in that condition for several years.
He presented his application for a pension
once before. The Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions reported a bill in his favor, and it passed
the House, but failed in the Senate for want of
time. It is a very meritorious case. The man
resides in the town in which I do, and I know
all about his condition. He did service for
the country, as appears from the evidence
before the committee, and it is as meritorious
a claim as could be brought before Congress.
I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
reported adversely^on the following cases; and
the same were laid on the table:
A bill (H. R. No. 216) allowing pensions to
soldiers and widows of soldiers of the war of
1812;
Petition of John Grubb and others, of Vir-
ginia, soldiers of the war of 1812, praying for
the passage of a pension law for the benefit of
the soldiers of the war of 1812; and
Petition of citizens of Lehigh county, Penn-
sylvania, for a general pension law for the ben-
efit of surviving soldiers and widows of soldiers
of the war of 1812.
AMOS ARMSTRONG.
Mr. MILLER, from the same committee,
reported back the bill (H. R. No. 721) to in-
crease the pension of Amos Armstrong, who
was wounded in the battle of Queenstown dur-
ing tlie war of 1812, with a recommendation
that it pass.
The bill increases the pension to fifteen dol-
lars per month during the residue of the life of
the applicant.
Mr. MILLER. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ISAIAH DEWLING.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of Dr. Isaiah Dewling, of
the United States Navy; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
DANIEL IIAUSER.
Mr. MULLINS, from the Committee on
Revolution*^ Pensions and of the War of 1812,
reported a bill granting a pension to Daniel
Hauser, a citizen of North Carolina and a sol-
dier of the war of 1812; which was read a first
and second time.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of the applicant on the pen-
sion-roll, and that, he be paid a pension of eight
dollars per month from the 1st of January,
1869, during the remainder erf his life, to be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I raise the question of
order upon that bill. It contains an appro-
priation, and must have its first consideration,
in Committee.of the Whole.
The' SPEAKER. It is an appropriation bill.
