1889.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25,9
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Naturalization, &c.—Mr. Bobinson.
Ho. op Reps.
try? The heavens seem darkened, the thun-
der rolls in rapid succession after vivid flashes
of lightning, earth and sky are mingled together,
and yet after all the cause of this terrific com-
motion is simply that a respectable white in-
habitant of the United States, having no other
country but the Union, owing allegiance to no
other flag, toiling for the country's good and
willing to die in her defense, has offered a bal-
lot as his neighbors, no more honest, patriotic,
or intelligent than himself, have done. Dis-
guise it as you will, sugar it over as you may,
that outcry of fraudulent naturalized voting is
aimed at white manhood suffrage, and that
hatred which bubbles over in reams of bills to
amend our naturalization laws and runs around
with peripatetic committees to investigate
frauds are aimed at Irishmen here. A nd yet,
sir, Ireland has been the source of our wealth
and power. A great majority of our people, more
than half of this Congress, are Irish by birth
or blood, and the minority would disfranchise
the majority if they had the power.
Are gentlemen honest in this shout for man-
hood suffrage? No, sir; they are not sincere.
Strip all pretense away and the fact stands out
naked that every effort of this party contending
for manhood suffrage while shrieking against
naturalization is nothing more nor less than a
distrust of their own race. Everywhere they
are throwing down the barriers to negro suf-
frage, and everywhere blocking the way to
white suffrage. With what face can men stand
up here and talk of universal or manhood suf-
frage while they are straining every energy to
thwart, obstruct, and curtail naturalization, and
to make it as difficult and expensive as possi-
ble for the poor and honest workingman to
reach the polls?
According to a statement which I have re-
ceived from the statistical bureau of the Treas-
ury Department there arrived here from for-
eign countries from July 1, 1863, to June 30,
1868—five years—1,470,789 passengers, or in
round numbers, 300,000 a year; of these 177,670
were citizens of the United States, and 12,819
were foreigners who did not intend to remain,
leaving the total actual immigrants 1,286,294.
Here is a number of men equal to some
entire countries of Europe who have no voice
in the election of those who are to govern
their country ; a whole nation disfranchised,
and disfranchised for no crime. Thousands of
them are men of great learning, professors,
clergymen, literary men, engineers, writers for
the press; and not one of this vast number
allowed to vote, though they are educating
your children, preaching to your congregations,
editing and reporting for your papers, able to
teach your sons the way to learning and your-
selves the way to heaven, but not permitted
to cast a vote, which you would monopolize
for the lowest and most ignorant of the descend-
ants of Ham.
I will mention two distinguished men who
have immigrated within the past year. Rev.
James McCosh was sent for to Ireland, and
brought over here and inaugurated president
of Princeton College. Within the limits of
mental philosophy throughout the world no
inind soars above his. The colored man who
shaves the students or blacks their boots or
opens their oysters can have the Constitution
of the United States changed to allow him to
vote immediately, under the hypocritical party
watchword of manhood suffrage, while Dr.
James McCosh, the head of the college, must
remain disfranchised for four years and six
months longer, perhaps for his lifetime, that
he may learn from this colored iellow-citizen
how to deposit a ballot.
Rev. Dr. John Hall, of the Fifth Avenue
Presbyteiian church, New York city, was sent
for to Ireland. Sunday after Sunday that
church is thronged with the wealth, beauty,
and intellect of that great city, who hang spell-
bound on the witchery of his words ; and yet
there are loyal leaguers in that very church
who clamor for the right of manhood suffrage
in their colored coachmen and flunkies, and
labor to keep their own pastor disfranchised
for four years longer. I will not stop to tor-
ture my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]
who thought to overwhelm m^with his sarcasm
a few days since, in merely suggesting to me
that perhaps I would insist on sending over to
Ireland to bring immigrants over, by remind-
ing him that here are actual cases where Prince-
ton College and the Fifth Avenue church of
New York did send over to Ireland for two
immigrants to instruct them in science and re-
ligion, and nobody but a fool supposes the
country will be the worse for it. Now, these
are but two out of the million and a half of
immigrants coming to us within the last five
years. There were thousands of others of great
mental and moral worth—teachers, preachers,
editors, poets, philosophers, artisans, mechan-
ics—and better than all, and as well deserving
of the rightto vote,the honest laboring masses ;
all kept five years disfranchised by a party
shouting itself hoarse in the very acme of their
inconsistency for manhood suffrage. Professor
Agassiz, Professor Lieber—who, I am sorry to
learn, is here urging further restrictions in
naturalization against his fellow-immigrants—
Archbishop Hughes, General Siegel, General
Schurz, Garibaldi, General Meagher, John
Mitchell, General Corcoran, Robert Bonner,
General Shields, Ericsson, George H. Stuart,
A. T. Stewart, James McCosh, Richard O'Gor-
man, Thomas Addis Emmett, and John Hall,
many presidents of our colleges, hundreds of
our most distinguished divines, one half of our
editors and reporters, have been or are kept
fivcyears disfranchised under manhood suffrage
on the plea that they must, watch field-hands
and plantation servants for five years to learn
the art of dropping a piece of paper in the
ballot-box for the election of their political
servants!
As a general rule one out of every five of
the common run of population votes, but in that
population the number of children largely pre-
dominates. Now, in this immigration of 1,476,-
789 souls only 270,567 were under fifteen years
of age; 1,206,2^2 were over fifteen. There are
also more males—about one fourth more—than
females in an immigrant population. I do not
think it would be out. of the way to say, after
deducting women and children and allowing
for deaths, that there are half a million white
men who have arrived here within the past five
years now over twenty-one years of age who
are not allowed to vote in the only country
they can call their own. These disfranchised
white men hold the balance of power in every
northern and western State in the Union, and
this probably accounts for their disfranchise-
ment ; but the party that stakes its hopes upon
their disfranchisement will come to speedy and
certaiu grief.
Did it ever enter into the heads of any of our
committees investigating naturalization frauds
to inquire how far short the naturalized voters
fall in securing their just proportion of votes?
New York and Brooklyn have never polled sev-
enty per cent, of their male inhabitants over
twenty-one years of age, and yet these screech
owls of party are deafening the public ear and
filling the echoing air with shrieks ofwoe at the
number who do vote. Fraudulent naturaliza-
tion I Why, sir, take the entire number of natu-
ralized votes, those alleged to be fraudulent
and all, and I was going to say that it would not
amount to seventy percent, of those entitled to
naturalization. Instead of screeching against
over-naturalization you should be urging more
thorough naturalization. Instead ot obstruct-
ing it and defeating it byyourteeniing proposi-
tions to amend, you should be encouraging
and increasing it, for it is a bad country where
its citizens do not perform the duties of citi-
zenship. There ought to be, according to the
average of our immigration, at least one hun-
dred thousand citizens naturalized every year.
I venture to say they do not average seventy
thousand, and yet the dishonest party shriekers
keep the country in turmoil and agitation be-
cause about three quarters of those who should
vote actually do vote !
On the 18th of May, 1868, I offered a joint
resolution providing that the American people
might have a free choice in the election of
their President and Vice President. Is it not
strange that any ignorant field-hand or city
loafer of any color, education, or standing is
eligible to the Presidency and "Vice Presiden-
cy, and yet Agassiz, Shields, McCosh, Hall,
Schurz, and Seigel are not eligible. Sher-
idan, had he been born two or three years
closer to his parents' marriage, could not be
Presidentof the United States if all the people
in the United States and every Electoral Col-
lege voted for him. It always has been, and
always will be believed by many that General
Jackson was born in Ireland. Did it make
him any less a good President whether born in
Ireland or South Carolina? There may come a
time when another Grant will arise, who, though
born in the country of Shields or Schurz, would
be the most desirable man for President, and
if so why should the people be debarred from
electing the best man ? I acknowledge that I dis-
like this everlasting amending, or rather alter-
ing, of our Constitution. I wish our Framers
had provided that it should not be amended
over once in twenty years, nor then without a
previous yearly publication of the proposed
amendments for five years in the papers pub-
lished in the capital. But if any amendment
at all should be made it is this which I pro-
posed nearly a year ago.
I have also contended that we should send
to Ireland and bring over free every good emi-
grant willing to come. This. I think, will yet
be done. Every immigrant is, over and above
his expenses, worth $1,000, if not double or
treble that sum. How much was Ericsson
worth, who invented the monitor to meet the
Merrimac just in time, perhaps, to save the
Union from destruction? Could we have af-
forded to dispense with him for §1,000? How
much was Fulton's father or Morse's grand-
father or Hoe's father worth? Immigration
every year is worth to us in workingmen, if
none of them or their children should be invent-
ors or otherwise distinguished, $300,000,000.
By paying their expenses over, which under
proper management need not cost more than
ten to twenty dollars apiece, immigration would
double and treble itself, and thus add to our
national wealth SI,000,000,000 a year. This
we should do for the sake of humanity. There
they are enslaved and starving. Here we could
enfranchise and clothe and feed them, or rather
they would take care of themselves here. We
should either do this or annex Ireland. I
rather think even this will come. I have no
doubt that Ireland will soon be either an inde-
pendent republic or a part of this Union. We
could afford to let the Alabama claims sleep
if England would quietly acquiesce in this. It
would be for her benefit as well as ours. Ire-
land to her is a burden, to us she would be a
blessing ; to her she is rebel, to us she would
be faithful and true. She is nearer to us
than California or Oregon—much nearer than
Alaska. Homogeneity makeshernearesttous;
heterogeneousness makes her farthest from
England. The cable cord of intelligence
stretching between us binds us in unison, and
tho wire that is insulated from the rest of
the world thrills unceasingly with electric love
from shore to shore.
Let me say a few words here, once for all, in
defense of Ireland and her sons against the
abuse so often aimed at them. Unworthy
would I be of calling her mother if I failed to
raise a filial voice in her praise or if I omit-
ted, amid the darkness that broods over her
destiny, to call attention to the light that still
plays upon her history. To others be the un-
welcome task of chronicling her misfortunes,
