186ft
TBI CQWBlSSIOmili GLOBE.
Mr, DRAKE. I move, then, that the Sen-
ate concur in the amendment of the House;
and upon that question I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLE. Before a vote is taken on that
motion I wish to move an amendment to the
fourth section of the House amendment, which
has called forth the discussion; and my motion
is to strike out the proviso to that section. It
appears to me very distinctly that that proviso
renders the fourth section a cheat ana a de-
lusion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Theamend-
ment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out the proviso at the end of the fourth sec-
tion, in the following words;
Provided, That the circulation herein authorized
shall be issued only as circulation is withdrawn, so
that the aggregate of circulation shall not at any
time exceed 8300,000,000.
Mr. COLE. The routine by which this cir-
culation is to be drawn from the States in
which there is a surplus and pat in the States
in which there is a scarcity of it, to wit, in the
West and die South, is so very intricate and so
exteaded in point of time that it is utterly
impossible for it ever to be available or useful
to those States where the circulation is wanted.
I read from the first portion of the section:
And the circulation herein authorized shall within
three years, if required-
There, then, is a space of three years that
may elapse before any movement is made in
the way of making a chauge of circulation from
the East to the West. After that there is one
year in which the bank has to comply with the
requirement of t&is section, and after that there
is to be an advertisement of twenty days; and
after that and before it can be at all available
to the States of the West, this circulation of the
banks from which there is to be a withdrawal
has to be gathered in at the Treasury here,
where, perhaps, one bill or note of that par-
ticular bank will arrive during the course of a
year. It is, in my judgment, utterly imprac-
ticable, and we shall fail entirely to produce
the end that is sought for by those who pre-
sented the fourth section of the bill in the
House authorizing the additional issue of
S20,000,000. This proviso I believe to be, as
I stated before, a complete cheat and a delu-
sion. I wish to have a vote on this proposi-
tion before the subject is referred to a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. CAMERON. Before the vote is taken
I desire to express my entire dissent to this
idea that you are going by law to giye to the
West and the South any currency. Currency is
like the water; it is like the mountain spring;
and you mightas well attempt to dam the spring
at its height or stop it at any other place. It
all goes to the great ocean ; and so does the
currency go to the great ocean of commerce,
which in this country is New York. You may
enable a few individuals to have the benefit of
the currency for a little while in particular
quarters, but the circulation will not remain
there. It will go where it is wanted ; it will go
where the capital is and where trade requires
it. It is idle to talk about giving circulation to
any portion of the country by law. As I said
awhile ago, you must separate the banks from
the Government and the Governmentfrom the
banks. You might as well say you ought to
have a mint that should coin your half eagles,
your eagles, and your gold dollars and silver
dollars in every State and in every congres-
sional district of the country. If you did they
would not stay there; it would only add to your
expenditures and not do any benefit to tliepub-
lic. So far as circulation is concerned, while
it may be a profit to the banks to have circu-
lation and get interest on the securities which
they deposit for it, that will only go to the indi-
viduals who own the banks; but the circula-
tion will not stay there, nor will it stay in the
neighborhood of the banks a moment longer
than it is needed some place else.
This question of currency seems to be very
little understood. Men do not seem to think
about it. Men get up their schemes of bank-
ing and think themselves wise, and toy to make
themselves believe that everybody looks upon,
them as men of wisdom. It is not so. This
question of currency is just like one of coinage.
If the. Government is to issue the money of the
country, why not let it send out all the bank
notes, if yon allow bank notes, as well as the
gold and silyer andcopper? But, as 1 have said
repeatedly, you mast separate them at some
time, and we had better do it before we settle
this question. This is n<j time now to do it,
just at the end of an Administration and at the
end of a session; and especially it is no time
to do it when we are trying to delude the
South with the idea that we are about giving
them a great benefit by enabling them to start
banks down there and give them currency.
The banks they have already are based on the
capital of the North, and it will be northern
men who will make the profit out of this circu-
lation. I am in favor of stopping the whole of
this speculation upon the Government. I am
in favor of breaking down this whole system of
banking. Let banking be as free as it is to deal
in eloth or wool or shoes, or anything else. I
would let any man who had capital and money
to loan be a banker; and I would no more give
him assistance from the Government to enable
him to bank than I would aid a gentleman in
the South who owns a cotton plantation if he
were to ask the Government to give him aid.
Therefore, I would do away with this whole
business of furnishing circulation to the banks.
It was a good subterfuge at the moment of our
peril, and the banks went into it with great re-
luctance. I know myself I induced a number
of banks in my State to become national banks
and throw away the privileges they had before.
But now the war is over; peace has returned;
and we are to have peace certainly for four
years; and why shall we not wait until we have
time again to think about this the greatest of
all the great questions before us, that of the
currency and the money of the country ; for
money is the life-blood of business. It is that
which gives stimulus to trade and manufactures
and commerce and agriculture. It is a question
far above local politics. It is one which small
men rarely think of, and great men—such as
we all are—constantly think of. Bach one of
us thinks his own notions the best.
I would wait until we have time to think
quietly and steadily upon this subject with a new
head to our Treasury Department to assist us.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not propose to debate
this question; I simply rise to congratulate
my friend from Pennsylvania and the country
upon the liberal ideas he has enunciated here
to-night. I understand from him that he is in
favor of free banking. I trust in a few months
he will be able to still more liberalize his con-
ceptions of public affairs, and that he will then
be in favor of more liberal laws and rules in
regard to commerce and trade, and that it will
be but a little while before I shall be able to
welcome him into my party of free trade.
Mr. CAMERON. No, Mr. President; it
does not follow because I am in favor of giving
every man engaged in manufactures and trade
and commerce the best stimulus and the best
assistance in his business that I shall be in fa-
vor of giving up the whole industry of this coun-
try for the benefit of our friends across the
water. I am in favor of that sort of trade here
which will give the highest wages to the work-
iogman. The man who works here is the man
who is the lord of the country, or he ought to
be. He is the man who adds not only to hi
own wealth but to the wealth of the country
and I would give him every facility I could.
I would give him the highest wages that his
labor could command; and I never would
allow the pauper labor of any other country to
come in here and compete with the high-toned
laborers of our own country.
Mr. ABBOTT. Mr. President, we are here
between two extremes. The Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] does not want to
give the South and West any more circulation,
and the Senator from Missouri £Mr, Drake]
moves to concur in the Hoase amendment. I
am exceedingly desirous, as I suppose nearly
every Senator here who represents a southern
State is, to secure an additional circulation.
I understand the temper of the chairman of
the Committee on Finance to be quite liberal
in regard to this matter; and, although I shall
probably feel'obliged to vote for the* mot ion to
concur, I think the safest and Most judicious
way is to ask for a committee of-conference,
and put the whole subject into the hands of
that committee. It is plain that if we enter
into this measure Vfhich comes from the House
and propose to redistribute $150,000,000, it
will prove injurious to the finances of the coun-
try, and perhaps make confusion generally.
Therefore, I think the safest thing is to ask for
a committee of conference and get the best we
can; and I would respectfully ask the com-
mittee to double the amount in the Senate bill,
and call it $40,000,000 instead of $20,000,000.
Mr. FOWLER. I hope the amendment of
the Senator from California will be adopted,
and that the proviso of the fourth section of
the House bill will be stricken out. If that is
done it will be possible for the Comptroller of
the Currency to give the South and Westrtbe
circulation as it comes in. But if this proviso
is retained there is no advantage whatever to
the southern States or the western States. No
matter how much circulation is in, this pro-
viso effectually guards the door against giving
them it for a certain length of time.
Again, if the proviso is stricken out it vests
almost entirely with the Comptroller of the
Currency to give out the circulation. I do not
think he is very much disposed to favor the
banking institutions of the South, for when
currency could be given to those institutions
he has given it out to New England, as he did
the other day. I therefore greatly prefer that
the motion of the Senator from Missouri should
be adopted, after we first make the amendment
suggested by the Senator from California. Oth-
erwise, I do not see how much can be gained.
The amount of $20,000,000 proposed to bo
given to the southern States would be of very
little advantage to them. They need a much
larger amount of circulation than that. Indeed,
they need a greater circulation than the east-
ern States. They have a much greater extent
of territory and a much spasser population, and
they require-a greater amount of circulation on
that account. In the eastern States popula-
tion is dense and business is done by checks
and other means, and they require very little
circulation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment of the
Senator from California to strike out the pro-
viso to the fourth section to the House amend-
ment.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to—ayes nine, noes not counted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
made by the House of Representatives, on
which question the yeas and nays have been
I ordered.
The question being taken byyeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 27; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Abbott, Chandler, Davis, Doolittle,
Drake, Fowler, Harlan, Howe, Kellogg, McGreery,
McDonald, Morton, Norton, Osborn, Patterson of
Tennessee, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer,
Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Wade, Warner, Welch,
and Willey—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cameron,
Cattell, Colo, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Dixon,
Ferry. Sessemlcn, Frelinghnysen, Grimes. Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nyc, Patterson
of Kew Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ross, Sherman, Stew-
art, Sumner, Vickors, Whyte, Williams, and Wil-
AB8EST—Messrs. Bayard, Conness, Edmunds,
Harris, Henderson, Hendrieks. Howard, Pool, Sauls-
bury, Spencer, Sprague, Van Winkle, and Yates—13.
So the Senate refused to concur iu the amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the Sen-
ate ask for a committee of conference: the
committee on the part of the Senate to be
appointed by the Chair.
