260
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Ho. of Reps.
Naturalization, dcc.—Mr. Robinson.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
her degradation, and her misery. Be it mine
to evoke from her still tuneful harp one note
of praise, and to pluck another leaf of laurel
from the tree of time with which to adorn her
still radiant brow.
Poor forsaken Niobe! Far away beyond the
billow she sits to-day a crownless queen, yet
still in the queenly majesty of eenturied great-
ness ruling with the scepter of affection myri-
ads of her loyal children. From every clime
and every sea, from a multitude greater than
any monarch governs, comes the polyglot song
of her praise; and throughout the world the
hope is still cherished by her children that the
night of her sorrow is past and the morning of
her glory is advancing to the full noon of
freedom and independence.
Strange it is that we know so little of Ireland
in this country. Indeed, so far as her history
is concerned, except from the prejudiced pens
of English writers, Ireland is as little known
to the people of the United States as is Japan.
Too many of her own sons are responsible for
this. Too many of them are afraid to toast her
green immortal shamrock.
Of all most sickening spectacles or sounds
to me the most sickening and offensive is to
see or hear an Irishman mouth over and cover
up his honest Irish brogue with a mixture
of Yankee and cockney dialect; «to disguise
with some contortion or prefix the grand old
name of Patrick which his pious parents had
given him. While I am not in favor of having
Ireland's sons all the time shouting their
mother's praise offensively into unwilling ears,
yet I do love to see a man proud of his native
country while willing to die for the country
of his adoption. And to the credit of the
poorer and honester classes of Irishmen be
it spoken that they are seldom guilty in this
respect. It is generally those who would rub
elbows with a mushroom aristocracy, or those
who are Irish only by descent—and such a de-
scent !—that turn up their ignorant noses at this
or that as too Irish for them 1 I love the filial
feeling which breathes in the lines of that great
Irishman, Oliver Goldsmith:
"Where'er I roam, whatever lands to see,
My heart untraveled fondly turns to thee.
To thee my (mother,) turns with ceaseless pain,
And drags at each remove a lengthening chain."
And let not America be jealous on account
of this love of Ireland. We were born of Ire-
land, we are wedded to the Union, and believe
me no true woman will ever be jealous of her
husband's love for his mother. The man who
does not love his mother is not worthy of wife
or children, and that Irishman will make the
best American who kindles his patriotism often-
est at the fire of filial affection. We all hear
daily and hourly of Irelaud's degradation and
misery. From every ship entering our harbors
we see masses of humanity flung like sea-weed
on our shores, and this daily and hourly
spectacle of human wretchedness stamps too
bioadly on the American mind the outlines of
that picture which represents Ireland; but
who cares to turn his attention to the elevation
which even the lowest of these masses sud-
denly obtain in acountry where "there's bread
and work for all," or cares to consider that
other fact that the world for centuries has been
and is now and will be more and more each
succeeding generation governed by Irish in-
tellect? That in peace and war, in the camp
and the Cabinet, in literature and the fine arts,
in the studio of the painter and sculptor, on
the stage, in music, oratory, and poetry, Ire-
laud stands to-day as she has stood in days
gone by, foremost in rank and highest in fame?
" W hen the Saxon degraded and trampled lay down
And trembled to every foeman that came,
Ihe universe rang with her lofty renown
And tancy stood mate in the light of her fame."
T have contended and do still contend that
numerically the strongest element in American
society is Irish; that in the texture of American
intellect some of the firmest fibers are Irish;
that the .reservoir of American blood the
Irish contingent is not the thinnest nor the cold-
est. What names are more honored in Maine
and Massachusetts than Kavanagh and Knox
and Sullivan? What name is more proudly
remembered in New Hampshire than Matthew
Thornton? What colony has given to the
Union better names than the Irish colony of
Londonderry in New Hampshire? What name
is more honored amid Vermont's green mount-
ains than that of'' The spouse of Molly Stark ?''
What names would New York take in exchange
for her Clintons and Bmmetts and Montgom-
erys? What would the list of Pennsylva-
nia's great names look like if General Wayne,
Charles Thomson, Commodore Barry, Moylan,
Taylor, Wilson, Kane, Meade, and other Irish
patriots were stricken from it? What would
little Delaware be without her Reads, McKeans,
and McDonoughs? What would Maryland be
without her Carrolls; or South Carolina with-
out her Rutledges and Lynches and McDuf
fies and Calhouns? What would Tennessee
be without her Andrew Jaeksons and Polks
and Johnsons : or North Carolina without her
Grahams and Gastons and Moores; or Ohio
without her McLeans and Phil. Sheridans ; or
Louisiana without her Porters; or Texas with-
out her Houstons? Yet these are butafraction
of the numbers of Irish names scattered star-
like in the firmament of glory which overarches
the States of our Union 1
Nay more, if we consider the mere physical
forces of Irish sinew now tugging at the oar
of labor in our country, what would the United
States be in mere physical development with-
out this power? Why, look at the force of
three hundred thousand fresh, willing, and able
laborers added every year to the dynamics of
our country; and yet while God is lavishing
these riches upon us there are parties who
would obstruct and turn away this tide of
wealth which flows without ebbing upon our
shores. Just imagine what this population of
three hundred thousand a year means—most
of them adults, young men and young women,
three fourths of them unmarried, yet nearly
all marriageable—bringing money with them,
too, averaging over one hundred dollars each.
The decay of age and the weakness of infancy
lopped off from both ends, and the vigor of
humanity ready to make itself available and
useful for mental, moral, and physical develop-
ment A whole city of people, larger than
any city in the Union save three, added yearly
to our population, ready made and in working
order. What a calamity to have such a city
sunk by an earthquake, but not a greater
calamity to this country than to have immigra-
tion cease for a single year.
The native genius of America might plan
railroads, canals, and cities, but the physical
power is necessary to put that planning into
execution, and Ireland is the great deposit of
physical power on which America has drawn
at will and without protest. This force is on
every railway and canal. It is tunneling the
mountains and lifting np the valleys to form
easy highways for the footsteps of commerce.
It is on every round of the ladder, following
the progressing height of public buildings. It
is this moment standing on the solid granite
which in the next moment is flying in the air
from successive explosions which shake the
earth with their concussions. In the valleys,
on the mountains, by the lakes, along the
rivers the mental and physical forces of Ire-
land are at work, through toil and turmoil,
sweat and exhaustion, amid dangers and diffi-
culties, and brushed by the passing wing of
death, building up and perfecting the grand
architecture of this country's destiny.
Poor forsaken Niobe ! Her tale is a tale of
woe as well as a story of pride. Her sons, like
her poetry, are a curious mixture of melancholy
and of levity. The tear and the smile blend
together like the rainbow's colors ; shining in
sorrow, sad mid pleasure, her sun is clouded
as soon as it has arisen. Her patriots, names
she dares not breathe. They sleep unhonored
in nameless tombs. Their memory is kept green
only by the tears which she sheds upon their holy
graves. They longed to see the day of their
country's glory, and when that was denied them
the next dearest blessing was the pride, the
honor of dying for her. And still the sacred
fire of patriotism is kept alive; one after an-
other of her sons mounts the scaffold or wel-
comes the prison. In this noon of thenineteenth
century, while English hypocrites have been
lecturing us upon mercy to our fallen prisoners,
her ermined tyrants have been passing sentence
upon scores of patriots whose only crimes have
been fidelity to their native land and devotion
to her cause—patriots in the luster of whose
lives the fame of their Hampdens and Sidneys
fades into insignificance ; patriots sentenced to
punishment worse than death because they love
the green above the red:
" For they're hanging men and women there
For wearing of the green."
No matter how we may differ about the wis-
dom and feasibility of their actions we cannot
deny to these young men now sacrificing their
liberty for that of Ireland the homage due to
them as followers in that long trawi of radiant
demigods which embraces the names of Em mett
and Fitzgerald, Kosciusko, Tell, and Wash-
ington, and which will embrace the names of
Barry, Casey, Dillon, Duggan, Hayes, Lynch,
Kennealy, O'Connell, O'Donovan-Rossa, and
O'Ryan, now suffering cruel imprisonment as
a punishment for their patriotism.
If we, as Americans, knew more of Ireland
and her people we should feel less alarm about
admitting them to citizenship. 1 wish we had
some well-digested epitome of Irish history for
our schools. We are more interested in her
history than in that of England or of any other
country in the world. Her people are ours
and ours will soon be hers. A majority of the
American people are Irish by birth or descent.
Ireland is a greater nation to-day than England,
not in compact, but in diffused power. She has
recently had more of her sons as soldiers, with
armsin their hands and knowledge to use them,
than any other nation except the United States.
Half the British army are Irishmen. Their
most distinguished officers have been Irish.
The writers for British magazines and English
newspapers have been Irishmen. England's
architects, sculptors, painters, astronomers,
actors, composers, and dramatists have been
Irishmen. England's chief orators, poets,
statesmen, and generals for the last century
have been Irishmen—rather poor Irishmen?
too, yet good enough to lead and govern Eng-
land. Other countries, too, are enriched with
Ireland'sblood. Spain's uplifted lance has been
most powerful in the hands of an O'Donnell:
the spear of Austria shone brightest in the line
of battle in the grasp of a Nugent; at the head
of the Army of the Potomac the sword of the
Union flashed fiercest from the scabbard of a
Meade, and the star of hope on the helmet of
America outshone all others along the valley
of the Shenandoah where Sheridan rode.
The history of Ireland is an ancient and an
honorable one. She had lived through two
thousand years of glory before England was
known. Fifteen hundred years before the com-
mencement of the Christian era she was skilled
in art and science. Nearly a thousand years
before that era her Parliament sat at Tara, and
had abler men than any English Parliament
ever had, except such English Parliaments as
had their dullness redeemed by the presence
of one or more Irishmen. That Parliament
framed wiser laws under OUamh Fodhla than
England now has under Disraeli or Gladstone.
The psalter of Tara, which for two thousand
years was a guide for kings and priests, was
superior to the British constitution. Its laws
provided for national hospitality, diffusion of
knowledge, subdivision of land, and punish-
ment c>f crime. England claims trial by jury
as an invention of Anglo-Saxonism, but Ireland
