1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
bo that for their few remaining years they may 1
be relieved from all sorrow and distress by the !
bounty of this Government. For one I cannot ;
find it in my bosom to deny any man who !
comes seeking relief hefe as a loyal child of i
the Government, and who upon the battle-field
has risked his life against the enemies of the
country. My voice, on the contrary, shall
always be heard pleading in their behalf. And,
sir, 1 trust that the time will come when all
those who have fought for the Union cause
will receive either through themselves, or their
posterity where they have been smitten with
death, the rich reward which their glorious
services merit. I will never deny relief to
the widows and orphan children of those who
have died that the Union might besavfed. This
I will do for loyal men ; but, sir, before I will
go out of my way to reward treason or red-
handed traitors, I trust that my light arm
may fall from my body and iny tongue cleave
to the roof of my mouth. While I will reward
all those who are loyal I will not refuse alto-
gether to grant some forgiveness to those men
who show works meet for repentance. But,
sir, I want it to be understood that I shall
set my face like flint against those traitors who
arraign themselves against this Government
and in favor of secession, revolution, and dis-
integration, and who fought against the cause
of human civilization and against the cause of
God. We should reward the men who were
true to the Government, and in every way
foster the great cause for which they fought,
for we do not know how soon the tocsin of
war may again sound in our ears. If we refuse
to loyal men, and stimulate and encourage
treason and traitors, I say that I cannot but
fear and tremble for the future of the Re-
public.
[Here the hammer fell.]
BRANCH MINTS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a letter
from the Director of the Mint, with drafts of
bills relative to various branch mints, &c. ;
which were referred to the Committee on Coin-
age, Weights, and Measures.
REDUCTION OP CLERICAL BOItCE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in answer to a resolution of the
House, stating what reduction can be made in
the number of officers and employes, &c. ;
which was referred to the Committee oti Ap-
propriations.
TRANSIENT PAUPERS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a letter from the Sur-
geon General of theArmvoftheUnitedSsates,
relative to the amount necessary for the sup-
port of transient paupers in the District during
the fiscal year of 1870; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
NAVY DEPARTMENT CONTINGENT FUND.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, transmitting, in compliance with law, a
detailed statement of the expenditures of the
contingent fund of the Navy Department, of
its bureaus, and of the southwest executive
building for the year 1868 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
NORTH CAROLINA CHEROKEE INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a letter from the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, with an estimate
of the appropriation required to carry into
effect the act of Congress of .Tuly 27, 1868, for
taking a census of the iNorth Carolina Chero-
kee Indians ; which was referred to the C om-
mittee on Appropriations.
CALIFORNIA INDIAN CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretory of the In- I
terior, transmitting a letter from the Commis- j
sioner of Indian Affairs, relative to the out- j
standing indebtedness on account of the Indian ■
service in California ; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
SIXTY-SIHST ARTICLE OF WAR.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
recommending the passage of a law repealing
the sixty-first Article oi War, which recom-
mendation is concurred tn by the General of
the Army; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
TEXAS INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
resolutions of the Texas constitutional conven-
tion respecting the Indians on the frontier of
that State ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
whisky .frauds, etc.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I ask unanimous consent
to submit to the House a letter from Mr. Green
Clay Smith, in reference to the testimony of
Mr. Fitch, alluded to in the report submitted
by me from the Committee on Retrenchment,
in order that it may be printed in the Globe.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The letter is as follows:
Wasiiixoton- City, D. C., January 16, 186').
"Dkar Sir: My attention was rccentlv call"d to the
rnport you had the honor to Mibrnlt to the House of
Representatives -December, 180b. in regiu d to " wln.sk j.
frauds and ndmmisu-uuon of Intermit Revenue l)e-
partment," in which the following appears as being
part of the testimony of Mr. tfitcli and the conclusion
thereon by the committee:
"Qii.rnti.on. Did sou have an interview with the
President as to eerrain eomaiuaicaiioiis ?
"Anuoer. I did, and at t,tie same interview the Pres-
ident sent for Mr. Binekiey; tli:)t is where I metMr.
Binckley, and was introduced to hitu by the President,
llesays he was informed ' that tho President, would
stand by us, and we would b/ivo hi^eordial and henrty
support.' As to the affidavit on which tho President
was to suspend Mr. Courtney and others, he said, ' the
original drait w:is made, by me at the White House,
at the urgent solicitation ot certain parties who were
there.'
"Question. Who were those parties ?
"Ansieei. Mr. Yeaton, Uapt.un Lewis, Green Clay
Smith, Semi tor 'Fowler, and a ladv in Washington.
These charges were piedicated upon the impressions
made on my nnnd by Mr. Bmcklcy. The affidavit
was founded simply on my belief, and not on positive
knowledge, and the assurance that 1 received was
that alt this matter was to be kept private until the
testimony could bo brought out to sustain the charges.
I had received such assurances iiom these parties
t.hat led me to believe they could bo sustained.
'Question. You did not mako that affidavit upon any
knowledge or infoimatiou of your own, but simply
upon the impressions you received from tho repio-
sentations of others.
"Answer. Yes, sir; these impressions had been las-
tened upon my mind. Mrs. said, ' You do this
thins;' another said, 'you make these charges and
they wilt bo kept confidential by the President until
such time ns the frets can be maintained.' Alter
returning to Now York I made certain inquiries and
became satisfied thut the charges were unjust,, and
had determined upon returning to Washington to
withdraw them.
"Question. Statewhetheryouhadaeonfcrencewith
General Burbridge, a.ndwhat was said between you
and General Burbridgo at that time.
"Answer. I talked very freely with General Lur-
bridge about these matters from the outset.
"Question. So you mean to swear that you were
employed as an agent, and thatyou were to bo_reira-
b.ursed for all your expenses and tune in the inves-
tigation agatust Rollins and others ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; at Mr. Binckley's suggestion,
who told mo ho would employ me as an assistant, so
I could have some proper claims for reimbursement.
When I fust came hcio ho referred to me as his
asci-tant. , , , , „ ,
"What a terrible picture docs this presontof a base
conspiracy, inviting the commission of crimes, e en
tlie blackest perjury, to destroy a f.uthtul puolie
officer—the reputation of an honest man I Can we
wonder that, the revenue and every other service of
this Government is demoralized, when the I resident
opens the door of the White House^and himself be-
comes a party in such a, conclave ?" _
Injustice to those alluded to the foregoing, I
feul called upon to malic the following statement oi
fafts:
I met Mr. Fitch at the White House, I presume on
the day he mentions. He came u> me ol his own
aeeord, and read an affidavit in pencil, signed by
himself, charging Mr. Courtney with certain nncde-
meanois and crimes in his office as united elates
attorney for a district in New York When he was
through with the reading I asked him it he was cer-
tain the charges could be sustained. He answered
positively in tho affirmative. I then said by all
moans he oujdifc to mako tho matter known, and lay
it belore the President.'
I remember seeing Sena tor Fowler, Captain Lewis,
and Mr. Ye.uon at the White House the day I read
tho allidavit, but I a«sert most positively none of
them spoke to me aloue, together, or ia the presence
of Mr. Fiteh in regard to the matter, nor did I ever
know they had seen tho affidavit until I road his
deposition or testimonv. There was no conference
whatever held there or elsewhere, to mv knowledge,
upon the hubjcct. I never hoard Mr. Fiteh speak to
a "lady in Washington," Senator Fowler, Lewis,
or Yeaton, in my liic.
I do not know nor did I ever see Mr. Courtney,
nor did I over hear any one speak oi' his misconduct
but Mr. Fitch. I would further state that when this
interview took place between Fiteh and myself no
other person holding office uuder th  Government
was alluded to.
I desire further to remark that I do not know, nor
do Irememberol everhavingseenMr.Bmekley,who
was intrusted with tho investigations of frauds in
New York. I never have directly or indirectly been
eonneotcd with these charges against Government
ofRcois, and am personally pcifectly ignorant of what
ha1? transpired save whnthas appeared in your report
and the newspapers of the day.
I will say here that I had my preference for Com-
missioner of Internal "Revenue, and did recommend
(reneial (1. Burbridse, of Kentuckv, for that pla6e.
Fortius 1 have no npoloory to offer, as he was afeiloW-
oitiorr with me m the sen ice fiom onr native Stafc©>
and had always been my personal friend; and in pre-
senting his name I did not deem it neecssary to re-
proach any ofiiecr of the Government.
I must s.;y, in conclusion, that the President of ttl&
TTnited States, as far as my knowledso extends tod
I iirmly believe, was actuated in all that ho did
alone by a ju^t sense of duty, and whatevei he said
or did made no charges or spoke unkiydly or spoke
di-pnraginglv ol any oflhe oifrcers under him.
I submit iins communication to you that I maybe
placed right before the country, and as a matter of
justice to those mentioned in vour repoi t; and I do
hope, as I was not called before the committee to tes-
tify m this case, you will ha\o this read before the
House.
I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your
obedient servant,
GREEN CLAY SMITH.
Hon. CiiAiiLi'is II. Van WyeK, Chairman Committee
on h'etfoivhment, House of IieprexeiUativcx.
ELIZA DODfiE, ETC.
Mr. BENTON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a biil (11. K. No. 1740) for the relief
of Kiim Dodge, Mary Wheeler, Zilpah Stone,
Harvey 11. Chamberlain, Chauncy K. 1 Jerry,
and Eliza J. Crawford ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
"FINANCES.
Mr. SCXIRNCK. I introduced this morning,
and had referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, a bill to strengthen the public credit
and relating to contracts for payment of coin.
I now move to reconsider the vote by which
Unit bill whs so referred. I do this with a view
to bring a bill back into the House for action,
for which I hope to have the authority of the
Committee of Ways and Means. This pro-
pose to do in a week or two when the business
of the House will permit the consideration of
the subject. I shall then submit pome remarks
myself in support of the bill, and allow some
discussion of the subject, wjth a view to action
by the House.
The motion to reconsider was entered.
UNITED STATES CENSUS.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent, w
submitted tho following resolution : which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
jictohcd, That a select committee of seven be ap-
pointed to inquire and report to the House what
legislation is necessary to provide for taking the
ninth census, as provided hy the Constitution; and
said committee have leave to report at any time by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsidcr the
vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
D12XVKU PACIFIC RAILWAY.,
Tlie House then resumed the consideration
of the regular order of business, being Senate
j| bill No, 570, for a grant of land, granting the
'' right of way o\er the public lands to the Den-
ver Pacific Railway and Telegraph Company,
and for other purposes, on which Mr. Covoi>e
was entitled to tlie floor.
Mr. LOGAN. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds 1 auk unanimous consent to introduce a
