1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
40th Cong.... 3d Sess.
Naturalization, &c.—Mr. Robinson.
Ho. op Reps.
had it a thousand years before the Anglo -Saxon
ceased disputing with hogs for the roots and
nuts of the forest. Chivalry, honor, rank,
music, poetry, and martial courage were fos-
tered and promoted as social customs. While
Roman, Dane, Saxon, and Norman overran
and conquered England they were vanquished
and expelled from Ireland. With the Romgns
the Irish waged a war of four hundred years
and drove them back over the Alps, at the
base of which the last pagan king of Ireland,
victorious over the Romans, fell from a stroke
of lightning.
The Irish were the first of western nations
to receive Christianity, and the only one where
the conversion was made without shedding of
blood. St. Patrick, in the early part of the
fifth century, achieved this honor for Ireland.
Soon afterward Ireland became a nation of
missionaries, who taught the people of western
Europe astronomy, architecture, literature,
languages, morals, music, and poetry. The
youth of France, England, Scotland, and other
countries flocked to her colleges for their in-
struction. In the gloomy night of barbarism,
through the dark ages of Gothic ignorance,
Ireland was the light-house on the shores of
time from which religion and learning pene-
trated Europe; and hence she received the
name of the Island of Saints, as her missiona-
ries carried knowledge of letters everywhere
with veneration for the Cross.
During the ninth and tenth centuries the
Irish waged a war with the Danes, who had
overrun England and governed her with a line
of their kings ; but they failed to conquer Ire-
land, and were finally driven from the island
after the battle of ClontarT.
In the twelfth century England invaded Ire-
land ; but after a four hundred years' struggle
England had hardly power to preserve its rule
in one eighth of the island, known as "the
Pale," and not till nearly the close of the
seventeenth century did England gain a solid
footing in Ireland. How her possession there
has been maintained let centuries of oppres-
sion, bigotry, persecution, confiscation, and
blood answer. Still, through the thickest
gloom Irish intellect blazed up and Irish pat-
riotism still renewed its vows at the altar of
independence. Curran, Grattan and O'Con-
nell appealed to reason; Fitzgerald, Emmett,
O'Brien, Meagher and Mitchell appealed to
the sword. Reason was trampled down and
profaned in her temples; the sword was broken;
her priests and prophets, however, still worship
at her altar and foretell her independence. The
stars of heaven will sing together for joy, and
the nations of the earth will clap their hands
at the advent of her regeneration.
But Ireland is not all of Ireland. Her sons
and their descendants in other nations are
multiples of those at home. The thousands of
her people that flocked to France and the Con-
tinent after the treaty of Limerick have given to
these countries much of their best blood. Other
thousands more recently have gone to Australia.
Many found homes in the South American
republics, which they helped to establish ; but
it is with the greatest pride that we point to
America as the country in which the Irish have
found their happiest and most congenial home.
Until quite recently this country has been the
theme of England's ridicule. Her tourists trav-
eled over it and saw nothing but a wide and
rude territory, rendered more uninviting by
uncivilized society. While pirating from the
productions of our literary men there was a per-
petual sneer upon her lip and a flippant taunt
upon her tongue as she scornfully reiterated
herquestion, "Who reads an American book?"
But recently, while missing no opportunity to
cripple our energies and to dwarf our power,
she has set herself to work to prove that we
are her child! Some ignorant English writers
started the foolish ideathatEngland was Anglo-
Saxon ; and then they set to work to Anglo-
Saxonize us, too, and adding our population
to hers, she baptizes us all into the Anglo-Saxon
family, claims that as the governing race of the
world, and subscribes the absurdity with her
Q. B. D!
To all this I reply that the English element
is the weakest in this country. The English
colonies of Virginia and Massachusetts, and all
their descendants for a century after their ar-
rival, did not number as many souls as landed
from Ireland from a single ship at Castle Gar-
den, in New York.
In 1850 Boston had a population of 138,788,
and of these 52,923 were natives of Ireland,
and one half of the people of Boston between
five and fifteen years of age were born of for-
eign parents. More than one half of the chil-
dren born in Boston in 1859 were of Irish
parents. This was ten years ago. I presume
it is entirely within the truth to say that there
are seven of other races for every one of the
Anglo-Saxon race in this country, and that
the proportion is rapidly increasing in favor of
the Celt. Take, for instance, the last national
census of the State of New York and see how
curiously our population is mixed and mixing
itself. The population of the State in 1860
was 3,880,735; of this 2,879,455 were natives
of this country, born of native and foreign-born
parents, and 1,001,280 were foreign bom. In
the county of Kings the natives were 1(55,157,
the foreign born 109,077 ; of the population of
the State all the other States in the Union con-
tributed 279,635, whil e Ireland gives us 498,072,
or nearly double as many as all the other States
together. The little State of Connecticut gives
us 53,141; Massachusetts, 50,004; Vermont,
46.990 ; New Jersey, 36,499 ; Pennsylvania,
30,282; California, 451; Kansas, 26; Oregon,
17; Texas, 140; and the sea, 375. Ireland
also gives New York about double as many as
all other foreign countries together. Thus :
Ireland  498,072
England 
Scotland  i'SlS
Wales  7,998
Holland 
Italy  1,862
Russia  WIS
Asia 
Australia  < 
British America  05,273
France  21.286
Switzerland 
Poland  2,296
Denmark 
Spain  809
Africa  £9
China  <<
Turkey  6J
In the State of New Ybrk there were in 186^
583,594 native voters and 239,832 foreign-borri
voters, and in the county of Kings we have
29,933 native voters aud 28,234 foreign-born
voters, a very large majority of foreign-born
voters being Irishmen, with 53,435 aliens—dis-
franchised white residents—competent in every
way to vote as well as their neighbors, but who
are studying hard for five years to learn how to
get a piece of paper through a hole iu the top
of the ballot-box.
From statistics such as these the admirers of
Anglo-Saxonism will see that its day in this
country, if it ever had a day, is rapidly passing
away, and that the star of the Celt is in the
ascendant.
It is perhaps difficult to _ tell with any cer-
tainty, from the intermingling of the kindred
nations of the Caucasian race, who are Celts
and who are Saxons. But it is not difficult to
determine which race is most desirable for this
country. The Anglo Saxon race migrated
westward from the shores of the Baltic. They
were a fair-haired, blue-eyed, and florid-eom-
plexioned race. They were not an inventive
race; they were low in the scale of the fine
arts. In general they had no ear for music,
and mistook noise for it. Their self-esteem
was great; they looked upon themselves as
superior to all other races, yet in Britain they
were enslaved by a Norman dynasty; on the
Continent they were broken, crushed, and en-
slaved" by the Hapsburgs and Brandenburghs.
In Sweden, Denmark, Holland, Norway, Hol-
stein they were sunk into insignificance and
became the degraded pieces of clay upon which
the conqueror planted his unobstructed foot.
They made poor soldiers, principally because
of the awkwardness of their form and the
slowness of their movements, although occa-
sionally under Celtic drill they became passable
food for powder and not altogether indifferent
sheathing for steel. The Anglo-Saxon and
the dark ages were synonymous and coincident,
each producing the other. He found Europe
in a blaze of Celtic light; he enveloped it in
a pall oftxothic darkness! And such is^ the
Anglo-Saxon race, to which some writers
would degrade the Americans.
The Celt, the original race of western Eu-
rope, the original type of the people of Greece,
Rome, France, Ireland, Scotland, Wales, and
Brittany, has written his own renown in the
world's history. He has played at the game
of war for nearly four thousand years. War
is his favorite pastime. In stature and weight
inferior to the Saxon, yet in muscular energy
and rapidity of action far superior. His nat-
ural weapon is the sword He is jealous on
points of honor; extreme iu self-respect ; an
admirer of beauty of color and beauty of form,
and therefore liberal in his patronage of the
fine arts. Inventive and imaginative he dic-
tates the laws of fashion and refinement to the
world. He has a fine taste and a musical ear.
He is warm-hearted; full of deep sympathies.
The great and leading family is France, then
Ireland, Scotland, Wales, and other national-
ities which are giving to the United States a
large majority of its people. Hereafter the
destinies of this country are in the hands of
the Celt, and chiefly of the Irish Celt.
In illustrating the difference between the
Saxon and the Celt, Knox, in his work on the
different races of man, instances their favorite
books: The Maid of Orleans, by Voltaire, rep-
resenting the Celt, witty and refined in spite
of its objectionable features; the Saxon rep-
resented by Hudibras, coarse and brutal, and
abounding in that pleasant and comfortable
feeling which measures the worth of all things
from a bishopric to a bale of cotton by its
value in money :
"For what's the worth of anything
But as much money as 'twill bring?
War is the pastime of the Celt. Who have
been the warriors and conquerors in the battles
waged among men for the last thousand years?
What was Alfred the Saxon to Charlemagne
or BrianBoru, the Celts? Who was the Anglo-
Saxon rival in arms of Napoleon, the Celt? W hat
generals has Anglo-Saxonism produced equal
to Hugh O'Neil, Phelim Roe, Gough, Napier,
or Wellington, or Ulysses S. Grant, or Stone-
wall Jackson, or Philip H. Sheridan, or Win-
field S. Hancock ? It was French bravery that
redeemed the Crimean war from utter ridicule.
Take away French, Scotch, Irish, aud other
Celtic generals from the records of war and
you impoverish history.
Believe me, I am not one of those who would
make the battle-fields on which hostile humanity
has met and melted into blood the only spots
worthy of room in geography. There are other
spots of earth worthy of veneration and other
heroes worthy of the highest honors. 1 w*ould
rather pluck a thorn from the heart of grief
than win a laurel crown from the blood of the
bravest. I would rather hush one groan in the
bosom of suffering humanity than hear the
shouts of a thousand blood-stained victories.
I would rather be told of the drying of one tear
on the widow's cheek or from the orphan's
eye than see rivers incarnadined with blood,
to reflect from their crimson waves the blush-
ing honors with which war glorifies its heroes.
I would rather crown the mechanic, the artisan,
the inventor, the benefactor, with honors and
laurels than deify violence and idolize human
butchery.
