1869.
THE • CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
subject, It will not take five minutes, and let
us dispose of it.
Mr. CAMERON. Not five minutes will it
take.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up tile bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 788) to
regulate the appraisement and inspection of
imports in certain cases, and for other pur-,
poses.
Mr. POMBROY. I voted to take up the
other bill.
Mr. CAMERON. What has become of my
bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Nobody
can fail to understand that the Senator from
Ohio made a motion to take up a bill which
was read by its title; and no other motion
could be interposed.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I made a. motion,
which the Chair entertained, to,.postpone his
motion until I get tid my T>ilL -
The PRESIDENT Pro tempore. That mo-
tion was not in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. As my friend-from Penn-
sylvania was probably taken by surprise, I am
perfectly willing after this bill is read through,
as that seems to be the wish of the Senate, to
accommodate him, that he may pass his bill,
if it does not lead to debate ; and I hope, if it
leads to debate, it will be laid aside.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well; thatis enough.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
before the Senate has been read through, and
the Committee on Finance have reported an
amendment, which has not been acted on.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state very briefly
that this bill—I call the attention of the Senate
to it, as it is a matter of considerable import-
ance—authorizes the importation of goods
through the port of New York to certain in-
terior cities—Boston, Portland, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, Cincinnati, Chicago, St. Louis—
without inspection at the port of entry. The
House bill was passed at the last session. The
Committee on Finance caused a very careful
examination to bs made of it, and have re-
ported a substitute, containing guards which
we think will prevent all possibility of fraud.
This bill has been recommended by two na-
tional Chambers of Commerce, and I believe
is recommended by the Chamber of Commerce
of nearly all the leading cities in the Union.
I simply call attention to the general effect of
the bill.
It has been read; and the amendment which
has been proposed by the committee has been,
carefully prepared at the Department, and I
think guards against all possibility of fraud.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am very
reluctant to consume any time of the Senate
at this late hour, but certainly this bill ought
not to pass without being even read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has been
read.
Mr. MORKILL, of Vermont. The amend-
ment has not been read.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was read when it was
up before.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Well, Mr.
President, we have introduced here a great
many bills. Hero is one pile of bills of the
Senate, the last number of which is 956, and
we have another pile of about nineteen hun-
dred House bills. Of all the bills that are
introduced here I do not suppose that more
t han one in ten becomes a law; and the simple
fact that some one man, or even a committee,
may be found in favor of a bill shouid not
prevent the Senate from showing its wisdom
by voting ''no" nine times in ten. It is an
exceedingly safe vote often, and in my judg-
ment it is a very safe vote on this bill. 1 pro-
pose to show a little of the character of this bill.
It is adopting an entirely new theory, never
adopted by any Government on the fa<?e of the
earth, never recommended by any Department
of this Government, never even argued by a
Secretary of the Treasury through the whole
existence of the Government, and, that is that
the duties shall not be collected at, the ports
where the goods 8-re'jirst,landed, but that, the
goods may be permitted to go" into bond, re-
introducing the bonding system, and then
carried to the uttermost parts of the earth, or
at least carried to as many'ports as are .named
in the bill andsu-ch as may be hereafter in-i
troduced.
Now just look at the policy of Great Britain!
where the revenue is more promptly, justly, and
accurately collected than perhaps by any Gov-
ernment in the world. There-merchandise is
assorted, and separated into different descrip-
tions, .and only a few ports are allowed to re-
ceive the importations of certain kinds of goods,
as silks, as spirits, as tobacco. They even go
further; and sea-girt as that kingdom is, they
forbid certain de:criptions of goods from coming
in vessels of less than a certain amount of ton-
nage; they prohibit certain goods from coming
in-'less than certain quantities, as spirits and.
tobaecd. We propose here, without any sug-
gestion from the President or from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, at a single blow to allow
all descriptions of merchandise and in any quan-
tity to be introduced at New York and to go to
St. Louis, and1 Cincinnati; .arid Chicago, and
various ports, without any discriminations.
Yes, there is a discrimination. At first, as the
bill originally came from the House of Repre-
sentatives, it was proposed to except nothing
but distilled spirits and wines; but when the
bill was committed to a sub-committee of the
Committee on Finance, upon the representa-
tions of that committee to the Treasury Depart-
ment, an addition was put in excepting notonly
spirits and wines, but perishable or explosive
articles or articles in bulk. That certainly is a
very great improvement upon the first draft;
but still it does not limit it so but that a single
thousand of cigars or a single gallon of wine or
of spirits may be introdu ced at any point or place.
T'he chairman of the Committee on Finance
represents that a large number of merchants
in Philadelphia-and in other places have peti-
tioned for this bill. I have no doubt of that
fact. We know how easily public opinion is
made on these subjects. Let us recur a little
to the history of this very measure. It was first
introduced into the national Board of Trade
at Boston, and there, after a brief discussion of
less than half an hour, a member of the con-
vention from the city of New York very gra-
ciously 
Mr. STEWART. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont give way one moment? I
should like to call up the constitutional amend-
ment, with a view to asking a committee of
conference.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will do so.
Mr. STEWART. It will take but a moment,
I presume. I move that the Senate take up
Senate joint resolution No. 8.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. VJCKERS. I object to that.
The PRESIDENT 'pro tempore. Objection
being made it cannot be taken up.
Mr. STEWART. I move, then, to lay this
bill on the table, and we can take it tip again.
I move to lay this bill on the table for the pur-
pose of taking up the constitutional amend-
ment.
You can do that just as
It will lead to debate.
I do not think it will.
The Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Buckalew] says it will. You
had better call it up in the morning when the
Senate is full.
Mr. STEWART. If it is going to lead to
debate to-night is the best time. It is not
likely anything more will be accomplished
with "finance bills to-night. I move to lay the
bill on the table with a viewto take up the con-
! stitutional amendment.
I The PKESIDENTpro tempore. It is moved
j that the pending bill be laid on the table.
I The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN,
well in the morning.
Mr. STEWART.
Mr. SHERMAN.
Mr. MORRILL, of "Vermont. . At that con-
vention at Boston a member of the New York
delegation very generously .surrendered the
whole question and said that he was willing
to aeeede to the demands made "on the part
of -the delegation from St. Louis and some
other of the western cities. It then received
a.very slight .attention at .another convention
of the boards of trade of the country^ and here
a member or!two importuning the Treasury
Department obtained the first draft-of this bill.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable member
allow me to ask him a question ?
. Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. How did this bill come before
the Finance Committee ? : ,
Mr. SHERMAN. It relates to duties on
imported goods.
Mr. NYE. It has nothing to do with finance.
I submit that this bill ought to be referred to
the proper committee, the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. SHERMAN. Ask my friend from Ver-
mont what he thinks.
. Mr. NYE. I-do not'eare. I ask,in view of
the rules of the Senate, what business- the
l?inanee Committee has with a question of this
kind ? -
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill simply post-
pong's the payment of the duties from the time
the goods arrive in New York, where they are
paid under existing laws, to the time when
they are delivered at the port of delivery in the
interior city.
Mr. NYE. It does a good deal more than
that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
doubt that the question of the Senator from
Nevada is a pertinent one, under the rules of
the Senate, and that the bill ought to have
been referred to the Committee on Commerce.
But proceeding with my remarks in relation to
the history of this bill, these gentlemen going
to the Treasury Department obtained the first
draft of the bill; and to show how manifestly
imperfect it was, I desire to call the attention
of the Seeators to the redraft of the Treasury
Department after representations had been
made by the sub-committee of the Finance
Committee.
When the Secretary of the Treasury sends
in here propositions in relation to his Depart-
ment concerning finance, a subject upon which
he has spent a life, wherein he is full of ripe
experience, the chairman of the Committee on
Finance will pay no attention to his opinions;
but when a bill is brought forward here that is
to revolutionize our whole practice in relation
to the subject of commerce, about which he
has had no experience, about, which there js
not a single subordinate that I am aware of in
the office who has had any practical experience,
we are to accept it as gospel.
Now, Mr. President, it this measure shall
pass it will not stop with the places named in
the bill. There are only seven ports that are
provided for in the bill, and as a matter of
curiosity I desire to call the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on hinance to the
fact that New York, the most important of
all, is left out. While St. Louis, Oincinnat-.
Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, New Orleans,
and Portland may have the advantage of this
bill, goods cannot be imported into any other
port and go to New York. If they are import ed
into Portland, or Boston, or Philadelphia, they
cannot go to New York. And I should like to ask
why Milwaukee was left out, a port that is con-
tendingfor the mastery with Chicago, and that
has already beaten her so far as the exports of
wheat are concerned. Why was Detroit left
out? Have they not as much right to the advan-
tages of this bill, if it coutains any advantages,
as Chicago or St. Louis? And why was Louis-
ville left out? Certainly not because it was not,
in Ohio, butitseemsto me that if this bill is to
be based upon any principles of equity, Louis-
ville oughtto be included asnaucbas Cincinnati.
Why give an advantage to one of these: two
