486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
j
substitute for this bill, and to have it pending
and ordered to be printed.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The substitute is as follows :
lie it enacted by the Senate and Hon se of Representa-
tives of the Uinted States of Americam Congress assem-
bled, That the Denver Pacific Railway and Telegraph
Company, a company incorporated under the laws
of the Territory of Colorado, is hereby authorized to
connect its road and telegraph with tlie Union Pa-
cific railroad and telegraph at or near Cheyenne.
Said company shall have authority to issue coupon
bonds to the extent of dollars per mile of road
to be built, said bonds to run forty years and to bear
interest at thp rate of six per cent, per annum, pay-
able semi-annually on the 1st day of February and
August of each year in lawful money, theinterest and
principal to bo payable at the Treasury of the United
States, or at tho office of the Assistant Treasurer of
tfae United States at the city of New York, at the
option of the Secretary of the Treasuiy, under sach
rules and regulations as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may prescribe. And the President of the United
States shall appoint three competent persons as com-
missioners to examine said railroad; and as sections
of twenty miles of said road are built in a good and
substantial mannersaid commissioners shall so report
in writing to the President, who, being satisfied with
such report, shall approve the same, and cause it to
bo filed with tho Secretary of the Treasury; where-
upon the United States shall guaranty the payment
of the interest of the bonds authorized to be issued
as aforesaid, to tfre extent of dollars per mile
of road built; and it is hereby made the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury to indorse and register such
bonds for the United States, guarantying tho pay-
ment of the interest thereof in such form as he may
deem proper. And the indorsement of such bonds by
the Secretary of tho Treasury, on behalf of the United
States, shall ipso facto constitute a. first, mortgage on
said railroad, its rolling-stock, and furniture in favor
of the United States, to the extent of the interest on
Said bonds. And it is hereby made the duty of said
railroad company to have on deposit with the Treas-
urer of the United States, at least ten days before
any semi-annual installment of interest falls due, a
sufficient amount of money to pay such installment
of interest; and upon failure to do so the President
may cause the Secretary of tho Treasury, upon sixty
days'notice to said company, to take possession of
said railroad, stock, and fixtures for and on behalf
of tho United States. And, for tho purpose of making
provision for the payments of the interest of said
bonds, t lie Secretary oi the Treasury is hereby directed
to retain—
-First. All sums of money due said company on ac-
count of transporting troops, munitions of war, and
military and Indian supplier
Second. All moneys arisingfrom the transportation
of tho mails by said company.
Third. All moneys arisingfrom the transmission of
telegraph messages by said company for tho United
States.'
And the Secretary of the Treasury shall causesemi-
annual statements of theinterestneemmtto bemade
with said company, and any surplus money remain-
ing after the payment of any semi-annual install-
ment of interest shall bo paid to said company. And
for tho purposo of making provisions for the pay-
ment of the principal of said bonds, so indorsed by
the United States, the iandsof said company hereto-
fore granted by the United States for the construc-
tion of said road, or so much as lie along or on cither
side of said road as herein mentioned to be hereafter
built, (except so much as may be necessary to the
operating of said rood, which shall be set apart for
that purpose by the threo commissioners aforesaid,)
shall bo as fast as every twenty miles of said road aro
completed, put into market to actual settlers at
$2 50 per acre, under such rules and regulations as
shall be prescribed by tho Secretary of tho Interior.
.And all moneys arising from the sale of said lands
shall bo paid into the Treasury of tho United States;
and tho Secretary of the Treasury shall thereupon
cause such money to be invested in said bonds, the
same to bo canceled and delivered to said company.
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker, I purpose to
occupy the floor with a few practical remarks,
not to make any set speech, and then to yield
to my colleague, [Mr. Kelley.] I discover by
the remarks of the chairman of the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad, which he made yester-
day, that he appears to east a reflection upon
the board of directors for changing their plan,
and running to the southwest instead of making
a connection with the Union Pacific railroad at
the one hundredth parallel. I think it is only
necessary for the House to understand the rea-
son why this change was made to satisfy them
that the board was wise in so doing. This
Union Pacific railroad traverses the valley of
the Platte and the valley of the Salt Lake, and
it was to be expected that at some time the
trade and travel of thecoimtry would be inter-
rupted by snow. This Board, knowing that
they were building a railroad not only for our
own purposes, but one which would be the
highway of nations, found it was possible to ,
have die line so run that at all seasons of the !
year it would be free from interruption on I
account of the snow. They diverged, therefore,
to the southwest. They did this in view of
extending the line to the Pacific ocean. They
did it in view of affording to the southern
States now returning to the Union an opportu-
nity to make connection with that road. They
did it in order to allow the northern col ton
States to make a connection with their road
from Memphis, while the southern cotton States
could make their connection from Shreveport
or elsewhere. This road, taking the course
the eastern division has done, will give a
great thoroughfare from the middle and south-
ern States across the continent, and secure to
the commerce and travel of the world a road
upon which they may pass at all seasons of the
year. That is why they did it.
It is to be a great thoroughfare between the
eight hundred million people in Asia and the
two hundred million in Europe in their har-
monious intercourse across this continent.
And in making this divergence to tire south
they afford an opportunity for a road to start
from the southwest, near Albuquerque, into
Mexico, which some day will be of the greatest
importance to the American people; for such
a road will enable us to carry our institutions,
our schools, our churches, our religion, and all
our other means of civilization down into the
interior of Mexico, and to return with trains
laden with silver from mines there which are
not now worked because of the want of facili-
ties for reaching the markets of the world.
Mr. Speaker, it will be recollected that dur-
ing the last generation the civilization of Great
Britain has been carried into the interior of
Africa and into the interior of India at the
point of the bayonet. The missionaries which
they sent out bad to follow the bayonet in those
days; but they have a different plan now, and
that is the plau indicated by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] in the amendment
which he has proposed. They now guaranty
the bonds of railroad companies, and under
that plan of guarantying the bonds of railroad
companies they have secured the construction
of four thousand miles of railway; and these
railways, while they carry civilization into
every region of that extensive country, at the
same time afford facilities for the transporta-
tion of their spices, cotton, and other products
to market. This policy of England has been
adopted because she admits that railroads are
the great civilizers of the world.
I wish to say a few words in regard to the
Union Pacific railroad. I am a friend of that
road. I give the greatest credit to the men
who invested their money in that great enter-
prise. They deserve it at our hands, and they
should receive our applause instead of being
denounced, as they have been, as thieves and
scoundrels. I say this as one who helped to
organize the first movement toward building
the Platte Yalley railroad. I took a party out,
partly at my own expense, from Pennsylvania,
New York, Ohio, Indiana, and Wisconsin.
Eleven years ago I procured legislation at
Omaha, and went to the mouth of the Platte
to organize the Platte Valley Pacific railroad.
I was one of the projectors of that line. I am
in favor of all these lines, for one single rail-
road track across this continent is nothing but
a mockery. It will not accommodate the great
traffic of the world to which I have referred.
But my friend from Illinois, whom I have fol-
lowed for ten years, like the shadow follows
tho substance, in every movement he has made
to economize, yesterday took open ground
against, this railroad project, while he knows
that the bill before the House makes no
new grant of lands, but only transfers from
one corporation to another a grant made by a
previous Congress, and that to accomplish
important results and great saving to the Gov-
ernment in transportation, and a saving of
hundreds of miles of travel to reach Den-
ver from St. Louis, or points south and east
of it.
Why, it is known to this House that I have '
acted with the gentleman on all questions of |
economy; I followed him through the tellers. I
I voted with him on all matters in which the
credit of the country was concerned, and in
which the question of economy was involved.
But he is pushing the matter a little too far
now, and I will show you why. The company
has constructed arailroad ending nowhere, and
now it wants fifty-four miles of subsidy to en-
able it to finish the road up to Cheyenne Wells.
That is the proper point to diverge from to go
to Denver ; for with all the embarrassment the
gentleman can throw around this bill, the only
subsidy asked for in the bill is $16,000 a mile
for fifty-four miles. The route from there to
Denver,and from Denver to Cheyenne,amount-
ing in all to over three hundred miles, has no
subsidy, so that it will be seen that in con-
structing this road to Cheyenne Wells you will
secure to the Government three hundred miles
more of road without subsidy, and reach the
coal that is so much needed, not only to sup-
ply the road, but also the country to the Mis-
souri river.
That is not all. The most important matter
connected with the question at the present
time is the Indian question. I desire to call
the attention of the House to the fact that we
have no difficulties with the Indians near the
Missouri river. The trouble is away back on
the frontier at the base of the Rocky mount-
ains. Now, in what situation does the Gov-
ernment find itself to-day ? If it wants to move
troops from one line of road to the other they
have got to be ser.t five or six hundred miles
down to the Missouri river, and then up or
down that river to the other road, and out it
five or six hundred miles ; whereas wheu this
road is completed the troops can be moved
from the north or south in a few hours, or days
at furthest, by this line of road three hundred
miles, saving much travel and time. It will
enable us to keep down the depredations of
the Indians with one half the number of
troops by the great facility it will give them in
moving from point to point. It is therefore
the interest of the Government to grant this
subsidy, and in advocating it I am but follow-
ing the lead of military men who have indi-
cated that it is important that the road should
be constructed.
Another thing. I am familiar with the geol-
ogy of that country, and I know there is no
coal on the Union Pacific railroad from the
valley of the Des Moines river, Iowa, to the
Black Hills, a distance of seven hundred
miles. There is no coal on the Kansas Pacific
road until you reach Cheyenne Wells and make
this connection at the base of the Bocky
mountains, where both coal and timber are
found.
Again, this connection will enable us to
take our machinery and supplies into the gold
mining country, and thus increase the product
of our mines enormously. Look, sir, at our
financial affairs to-day. We are talking about
coming to specie payments. In my judgment
it is idle talk; and I am tired of reading the
views of people on this subject that are pour-
ing in upon us every day. I assert—and let
gentlemen mark it and see if I am not right—■
that we cannot resume specie payment inside
of five years without bringing on a crisis in
this country. We have got to prepare for it.
The productions of the South must be in-
creased. We must have more exports; we
must import less. I say we cannot resume
specie payments in less than five years with
safety; but as a means of coining lo it by
helping to make the balance of trade in our
favor, the best thing we can do is to extend
the Pacific railroad rapidly into the mining
country, so that our people can go in there
and increase the production of the precious
metals ; go into the plains and gather up tho
golden sands that have been washed from the
mountains ; go with heavy machinery into the
regions where millions of tons of gold-bearing
quartz rock are ready to be mined and crushed.
With the additional facilities of railroads the
production of those mines can be increased
from $75,000,000 to two, three, or four hundred
million dollars a year. So, fceu, instead of
