1438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February '22,
cities that have been for at least a generation
contending for the mastery on the Ohio ? Why
should Cleveland be left out? Why Buffalo?
And then, when we look at the' South, only a
single port in the whole southern region is
included in this bill—New Orleans., Why not
include Memphis? Why notSavannali, Charles-
ton, and Mobile ? Why, Mr. President, if this
bill passes and is to become alaw, whether these
places are included now or not they will be
hereafter, and it will be impossible to resist
their claims.
But, sir, I desire for a moment to call the
attention of the Senate to the additional ex-
pense of this matter. It will be seen that at
each of these ports an appraiser of imported
merchandise is to be appointed at a salary of
$3,000 per annum, "and also such numbers
of weighers, gaugers, and inspectors as may
be necessary to execute the provisions of this
act, who shall receive the ordinary legal com-
pensation of such officers." Look at that pro-
vision. In the city of New York, where the
most important functions of appraisers have
been discharged for years, the salary of ap-
praisers is fixed at $2,500, and yet these ap-
praisers for inland cities are to have $3,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is $3,000 in New York
now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It may have
been recently changed. I know that $2,500
was the former rate. It ought to have been
raised. I do not think $3,000 is any too much
for an appraiser, because it is a very responsi-
ble position in New York. But hero the num-
ber of weighers and gaugers and measurers and
inspectors to be appointed is without any limit-
ation whatever. Besides this, any one who will
examine the bill will see that every importa-
tion which is started on this wild-goose chase
through the inland country is to be accompanied
by an inspector; and strange as it may appear,
with our experience in relation to these mat-
ters in appointing inspectors of spirits and
tobacco, they are to be paid by the parties so
employing them. Everybody understands that
that experience of ours is fatal to any such
practice ;_that the parties who pay these inspect-
ors have immediately and most invariably cor-
rupted them. Under such circumstances l have
no doubt that even if we could succeed in hon-
estly collecting the duties on all the merchan-
dise that passes through the country we should
at least double the expenses of collection, and
the system would become odious fioin the vast
expense of collecting the revenue, and that
would tend to break it down. I have an equally
strong conviction that it would corrupt the
whole service.
At this lute hour in the evening I do not feel
at liberty to consume a largo amount of time
by calling attention to the various incongruities
in this bill. I would like to call the attention
ot the Senate to the fourth section :
That merchandise transported under the provisions
ol this act shall bo cony eyed in cars, vessels, or vehicles
tocurcJy fastened with locks or soals under the ex-
elusive coutroloi the officers of customs; and inspect-
ors shall bo stationed at proper points along the
designated routes, or upon any car, vessel, vehicle,
or tram, at the disci otion of the mud Secretary, n-nd
at the expenso of the said companies respectively.
And such merehandiseshall not bo unladen or trans-
shipped between the ports ot first arrival and final
destination, unless absolutely neec&sa>ry on account
ot adifforenee of railroad gaugeor unavoidable acci-
dent,^and never without the personal supervision of
an oincer of customs; and it shall be the duty of the
{secretary of the Treasury, if practicable, to avoid
designating any route upon which a difference of
gauge or other cause will render such a transfer au
habitual necessity.
It will be seen that this merchandise is not
to be unladen, even in case of an accident,
unless there is an officer present. Suppose
that the engine should blow up in a forest five
miles trom any habitation, the goods cannot
be unladen even in case of lire unless they
first get an inspector present. But look at the
immense amount of power that is given to the
Secretary ^ of the Treasury for this purpose,
lie alone is to designate the routes and the i
companies; and none but incorporated com- i
panies arc to have the privilege of transport- !
ing this merchandise. What a monopoly is i
here concealed! No company is to be per-
mitted to carry this merchandise except such
as the Secretary of the Treasury shall desig-
nate. There can be no competition ; the goods
are to go upon no other roads and no other
means of conveyance except these; and it
seems to go upon the ground that they are to
go always upon a railroad, although the word
' 'vessels'' is used in the first part of the section.
If they go in vessels how are you to secure the
property under lock and key? Are they to
build vessels expressly for this purpose -and
have compartments that shall be solely and
exclusively under the control of the inspector?
Take section six. It will be seen there—
That merchandise so destined for immediate trans-
portation, as aforesaid, except the paekages desig-
nated for examination, shall be transferred, under
proper supervision, directly from the. importing ves-
sel to the ears, vessels, or vehicles'in whieh the same
is to be transported to its final destination.
If you will look at a previous part of the
bill you will see that the goods are to bo trans-
ported immediately from the vessel bringing
the cargo to the cars or other vehicle of trans-
portation. Then it says that if they do not so
take them directly from the vessel in which
they are imported they shall go into the store-
house, and " shall riot be removed from such
store without entry and appraisement as in
ordinary cases." Then, here is a further incon-
sistency :
But the Secretary of the Treasury may in his dis-
cretion, and with such precaution as he shall deem
proper, authorize the establishment of bonded ware-
houses especially and exclusively appropriated to
the reception of Such merchandise, in cases where
its immediato transfer to tho transporting car, vessel,
or vehiclo shall be impracticable.
Then there is another "but:"
But merchandise remaining in such warehouse
more than ten days shall bo deprived of tiie privi-
leges conferred by this aet, and shall bo taken pos-
session of by the collector as unclaimed, and held
until regularly entered and appraised.
Upon looking at the last section, where the
penalty is prescribed, it will be seen that there
is no court provided to try the cases. That
certainly is an omission ; and there are a great-
many crude things in the bill which I do not
design to expose to-night for the reason that I
know that the Senate is impatient. There is
the fifth section, to which, I think, no atten-
tion whatever has been called, whieh wholly
changes the rules we have practiced on ever since
the foundation of the (iovernment in relation to
damages. I agree thatwcoughttorevisetherule
in relation to damages, and that many articles
ought not to be allowed to stand, as they now do,
for an unlimited amount of deductions for dam-
age which occurs on the voyage; but here at a
single blow the whole system is to be changed,
and we are hereafter not to allow damages
even upon tropical fruits or anything else that
may be imported into the country, but the
parties who ship them are to pay the duties on
thein whether landed in a valuable condition
or not.
Now, Mr. President, I have no interest and
the people of my State have no interest in this
bill except that which we possess as part and
parcel of the nation. I only desire to have
such action upon it as will result in the good
of the whole country. The only thing as to
which I think the West have any cause of
complaint is in relation to one single point,
and that is the delay which occurs in getting
their goods at New York; and if we shall suc-
ceed, as I hope we may, in getting an efficient,
capable, honest, and energetic collector for
that port, that will be remedied. I hold that
the merchants in any part of the country who
import their goods at New York ought not to
be subject to any great amount of delay in
getting them appraised and the proper amount
of duties ascertained. But beyond that there
is no cause of complaint.
There will be an exceeding amount of diffi-
culty in obtaining men with the requisite ability
tor appraisers in any of these western cities.
They have not such large markets for silks,
wines, cigars, crockery, and various other
artieles as to make it in ail cases easy arid sure
to ascertain their value. These men should be
experts in all branches of business.
Why, Mr. President, at New York an ex-
pert in the value of teas alone would get
twice or thrice the amount of salary proposed
here for an appraiser; and yet at New York
they can step out any moment and call in the
services of an expert, almost without money
and without price. Take it on cloths; a man
fit to be an appraiser of woolen cloths would
to-day command from A. T. Stewart at least
$10,000, while wo only propose to pay $3,000 for
an appraiser, and it is expected that in all these
cities we shall have one man who shall not
only be an appraiser of woolen cloths but of
silks and of tobacco, a good judge, of wine
and a fine taster of teas. The thing is absurd.
No man can expect that this will be carried out
practically, honestly, and successfully for the
Government.
It may be supposed by some 'that this will
be an honest bill and can be honestly executed.
Take the case that occurred not long since.
These packages could be brought over and
marked properly, and changed on the way. It
is not a difficult thing to put on the same marks
that would be on the invoice, the party know-
ing what those marks were; and b.y a very
small amount of such bribery as we have had
in whisky cases, a man would be tempted to
substitute one class of goods for anothet where
these trains stop over night. Take the recent
case where $50,000 in coin was sent by express
from Chicago to New York under lock and
key in charge of an expressman, and he
employed by an incorporated company as is
provided for here, and yet that coin was taken
out and lead substituted on the way, and the
man who had charge of it never found it out
until he got to New York. If that .can be
done with an express company in the case of
coin, can it not be done in the case of goods
of any description ? Palpably it can be.
But, Mr. President, when we are disposed
to have such measures passed and become laws
as will enable us more honestly to collect the
revenue and decrease the expenses of collec-
tion, is it the time to launch such a bill as this
that must inevitably, with the amount of duties
collected, at least double the expense and tend
to scatterfrauds broadcast all through the coun-
try?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am not
a little surprised at the character of the speech
of the Senator fromVermont. One would sup-
pose from what he has said that this was a bill
changing the mode of collecting duties upon
imports, making a very radical and important
change in that respect—a bill in the interest of
fraud and dishonesty—when in fact the only
thing about this bill is to save importers out
of the city of New York the expense of cart-
ing goods in some instances three or four miles
through that city to a bonded warehouse, there
to have them inspected and then put on the
cars and shipped. New York now being the
great point for ocean steamers, i-t is the point
to whieh the lighter goods are brought for the
whole country. Now, as tho. law stands, tho
duties upon tho goods that are imported into
the city of New York for a merchant residing
in Philadelphia or Cincinnati or St. Louis are
not paid in the city of New York, or they need
not be paid in the city of New York ; but they
are paid in Philadelphia or in Cincinnati or St.
Louis; and the whole object of this bill is to
get rid of—what? Of the delays which the
Senator from Vermont admits are intolerable
in the city of New York and the expenso of
overhauling the goods there.
Mr. SHERMAN. The expense of cartage
and storage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is to get rid of the
cost of cartage and storage and inspecting in
the city of New York. It will cost no more
to inspect the goods in Philadelphia than it
will in New York. This cry about expense
has no foundation whatever. You can inspect
a cargo ot'tea just as cheaply in the city of
Philadelphia as you can in the city of New
York. You can weigh it as cheaply ; you can
