1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
263
Naturalization, <£c.—Mr. Robinson.
Ho. of Reps.
fire and fringed the curtain of cloud by which
the oppressed were guided and guarded. It tem-
pered and strengthened and brightened "the
sword of the Lord and of Gideon.'' It sanctified
the sword in the hand of Agamemnon and in-
spired the muse of Homer to hymn his praise.
It stooped with Samson between the main pil-
lars of the temple and danced for joy upon the
ruins in which the tyrants were buried. It aided
Lycurgusto offset kings with senators and made
Sparta a nation of soldiers. It throbbed in the
heart of David, the youthful patriot, nerved his
arm and guided the stone from his sling which
smote down the Philistine oppressor of his race.
It builded with Solomon, prophesied with
Isaiah, and wept with Jeremiah over the op-
pressions of the people. It flung to the breeze
the banner of rebellion and freedom under
Aristomenes, whom defeat and treachery could
not conquer nor adverse fortuue overcome. It
inspired Solon to substitute his own for Draco's
infamous laws. It flamed before the astonished
eyes of Belshazzar, in the royal palace of Baby-
lon on the deserted banks of the Euphrates, the
Fenian motto, 1 Mene, mene, tekel, upharsin.''
It inspired Cleisthenes to oppose Isagoras and
to secure for Athens a complete democracy in
place of an aristocracy. It inspired the Athen-
ian triumvirate to oppose the Persian hordes
whose armaments darkened the stormy iEgean,
crowned the cause of freedom with victory
through Miltiades at Marathon, deified defeat
under Leonidas at Thermopylse, and scattered
the hosts of despotism by Themistocles and
Eurybiades at Salamis, Platea, and Mycale. It
seized the spies and heralds of Darius, demand-
ing earth and water from Athens and Sparta as
insignia of submission, and threw them into the
wells and ditches to find there the elements de-
manded. It "'wielded at will that fierce deuioc
racy" of Pericles against Ciraon and his aristoc-
racy. It inspired the tongue of Lucretia to accuse
larquin with whom the tyrant was banished
and royal dignity abolished. It attacked and
expelled through 1'hrasybulus the thirty tyrants !
iiom Athens, and restored democracy to the city; !
it struck successfully for Theban independence :
by Epaminondas at Leuctra; it marched with !
the advance of the younger Cyrus and covered J
the Anabasis of Xenophon ; it fired the tongue j
of Demosthenes against Philip and Alexander, |
roused MacabfEus to drive the Syrians from i
Judisea as it would now drive the oppressors j
from Ireland; it inscribed upon the banners j
of the Scipios that other Fenian motto, uDe- j
ienda est CarthagoIt instigated Cicero >
against Verres andCataline, and was suspected '
of complicity with Brutus and Cassius in the i
conspiracy against Cassar. It nerved the arm j
of Boadicea in her gallant but disastrous strug- !
' gle for her country's independence. It inspired j
Alfred to d rive the Danes from England. It j
preached the Crusades through Peter the Her- j
mit, and roused the lion in the heart of Richard -
at Ascalon. It was the chief baron who wrung j
Magna Charta from John at ltunnymede. It \
guided the arrow of Tell which clove the apple ,
without touching a hair on the head of his d:ir- j
ling boy, and winged the other for the heart of i
Gesler, through whose fall the independence of
Switzerland was secured. It laid "the proud ,
usurpers low," and tyrants fell at every blow, :
with ft illiam Wallace at Falkirk and with Hob- !
ert Bruce at Bannockburn. It welcomed "to
their gory bed or to victory " every Scotchman
whose blood dyed the heather for the freedom of
the soil on which it gre>v. It clothed itself in '
beauty in the young Maid of Orleans, and multi- ■
iplied itself into everlasting maledictions upon
England lor her cowardly and cruel taking off. 1
Itstood at the helm and filled thesailsof' Colum- ,
hus. It rebeled with Wat Tyler and stirred i!
up O'Neill against Elizabeth. It preached |
through Milton and sung through Shakspeare. i
It crouched under the bridge which trembled :
beneath the hoofs of Charles's troopers and j,
slept in the cave of West Rock with the regi-
ciues, inscribing ovei its entrance that Puritan
Fenian motto, "Resistance to tyrants is obe-
dience to God." It tipped with diamond the
pen of Jefferson to write the great Fenian
creed in the Declaration of Independence for
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. It
baptized in flame the tongues of Hancock and
Adams and Patrick Henry, and flashed its
lightning from the sword of Washington. It
stirred up the rebellion of '76 and gave us
Washington and Jefferson. It stirred up the
rebellion of '98 and gave us Fitzgerald and
Emmett and Wolf Tone. It kindled the fire
on Prague's proud arch and crimsoned the
waters murmuring below it, and shrieked
through freedom at the fall of Kosciusko. It
flew in murmurs along the banners and whis-
pered "revenge or death" as the "watchword
and reply" where its devotees and martyrs
fought and fell for Sarmatia. It mounted the
scaffold with Robert Emmett, and from the
dying words of its chosen champion prophe-
sied the resurrection of his country in whose
morning effulgence the radiant epitaph on his
monument, written if need be in the crimson
| of the hearts of tyrants, shall be read by all
men. Just half a century afterward itstood
j beneath that same scaffold with Thomas Fran-
; cis Meagher, "within one heart-beat of eter-
i nity," and poured upon his tongue the most
j affluent prodigality of its eloquence with which
, he preached the evangel of liberty. It inspired
I O Brien of Maine, the first American naval
j hero, and his four brothers, the original Fe-
j nians of Maine, to seize and man a lumber
1 sloop, our first war vessel, and with pickaxes
| and pitchforks to board and take the British
| armed schooner, and with the armament thus
■ taken to fit out the sloop Liberty with which
| to take the schooner Diligence, and with the
, Diligence and Liberty to take the enemy's fort
' in New Brunswick, capturing its garrison,
| guns and ammunition. It inspired another
j American-Irish Fenian, John Barry, the first
commodore of the American Navy, to attack
and capture on the Delaware with four small
| row-boats an English vessel of ten guns. It
filled the sails of the Bon Homme Richard
; while her gallant commander. Paul Jones, an
American-Scotch Fenian, swept the seas to the
terror of the whole British nation. It locked
the Protector and the Admiral Duff yard-arm
to yaid-arm, kept time by the watch for an hour
1 while 'he battle lasted, and then blew up the
I Duff, but saved the men. It so animated Hull,
j of our O'd Ironsides, that he burst his garments
: as he shouted his command for that terrific
1 "fire" which almost literally annihilated the
, Guerriere; and it spoke through our gallant
, Lawrence fiom the deck of the Chesapeake
; that immortal Fenian motto, "Don't give up
the ship." It heralded the coming morn of
; a nation's independence at Lexington and
| Bunker Hill and Quebec. It marked out
, Washington as "the boon of Providence to
the human race." It retreated with him from
Long Island, crossed with him the Delaware,
mounted sentinel and gave the watchword at
every headquarters. At Braudywine and Ger-
mautown. at Monmouth and Camden, at Ticon-
deroga and Saratoga, at Trenton and Prince-
, ton, where Washington triumphed and Mercer
fell, whether the sun of victory or the eclipse
of disaster shone or brooded on our banners,
Fenianism was there, and on the field of York-
town it counted the arms which the army of
Cornwallis stacked upon that field where mon-
archy surrendered then as it shall again sur-
render to Fenianism. It was Fenianism that
inspired every patriotic emotion in its original
home in Ireland, from Fion McOool down to
the latest champion of freedom through long
centuries of oppression, cruelty, and wrong.
It rallied its forces at Ballinabwee, Benburb,
Limerick, and Ballinahincli. It made the Ger-
aidines more Irish than the Irish themselves.
It gave the light of hope through the long ages
of despotism which brooded over Ireland to
O'Neill. O'Domiell, O'Doherty, and O'Toole,
to Sarsfield and Tone and Fitzgerald and Em-
mett and Curran and Grattan and O'Connell
and Meagher and Smith O'Brien and Mitchell;
and as the despot led his victims to the scaffold
at Manchester it breathed its noblest prayer
from thelipsof the martyr O'Brien, " God save
Ireland." It consecrated the scaffold with
their names, and clothed the cause in which
they died with a glorious immortality. It some-
times worked out its own ends through kings
and tyrants, and used them for their own de-
struction. Sometimes it was for Sparta, some-
times for Thebes, sometimes for Athens, some-
times for and against the same Power, but
always for liberty. It is the oxygen of the uni-
verse which feeds the flame of freedom every-
where. It is the electricity which shakes and
purifies the atmosphere, which but for its
presence would be the inspiration of death.
It crouches to-day beneath the throne of every
despot throughout the world and lines with
the garment of Nessus the crown of every
tyrant. Itisoxydizingtheiron of every prison
bar. It sits with every prisoner in his lonely
cell, softens into down the stoniest pillow which
the tyrant puts beneath his head, and fills his
soul with music sweeter and more heavenly
than ever breathed or died in sickening senti-
mentality in the palaces of kings and the castles
of nobles. It marches round the world to-day
keeping step to
" Earth's heavenliestmusic, the breaking of chains."
It breathes consolation in the ear of every
political prisoner in Kilmainham, Mountjoy,
Pentotivilie, and every other bastille through-
out the world, and whispers to O'Donovan-
Rossa, McCafferty, and Halpin that the hour
of their deliverance is .approaching, while it,
conducts Warren and Costello again to liberty.
With drooping wing and soiled plumage it
perches to-day on the Dome of our national
Cnpitol and laments the Circean sorcery which
seems to lull the manhood of our people's rep-
resentatives into worse than Lethean forgetful-
ness of the rights and sacredness of American
citizenship. It floats down the Rhine and up
the Danube. It sleeps upon the Shannon,
murmurs in the ripples of the Seine, flashes
freedom's light upon the Tagus, and dances in
the rays of the sun shooting from every wave-
let's crest upon the JEgean ; and even on the
Thames with bated breath and closed nostrils
it waits for the breeze of purification. It soars
with the eagle, sings with the lark, foams on
the ocean, flows with the rivers, shoots with
the meteors, flashes with the lightning, peals
with the thunder, and dances in the stars :
"Lives through ail life, extends through all extent,
Gives undivided, operates unspent."
"And what shall I more say? For time
would fail me to tell of" all those who through
the faith of Fenianism "subdued kingdoms,
wrought righteousness, obtained promises,
stopped the mouths of lions, quenched the
violence of fire, escaped the edge of the sword,
out of weakness were made strong, waxed val-
iant in fight, turned to flight the armies of the
aliens," "and others were tortured not accept-
ing deliverance," " and others had trial of
cruel mockeries and scourgings; yea, and
moreover of bonds and imprisonments. They
were stoned, they were sawn asunder, were
tempted, were slain with the sword ; they wan-
dered about in sheep-skins and goat-skins,
being destitute, afflicted, tormented ; of whom
the world was not worthy. They wandered in
deserts and in mountains and in dens and
caves of the earth."
Mr. Speaker, I am not ashamed of the record
I have made here. " Solitary and alone" and
amid the sneers of an unthinking press " I set
this ball in motion." March 4, 1867, I first
took my seat on this floor. In 1812, twenty-
seven years ago, I had prayed the attention of
Congress through Henry Clay, (see Senate
Journal, second session Twenty-Seventh Con-
gress, puge I7fi,) in a long petition embracing
