488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
i
courts and vindicate it. They are open to hi®,
add hive jurisdiction over v.ho case he sets up,
as the Committee on the Judiciary has told ns.
' .-.Again, as to the value of the lands granted
to this company, yon are told by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washbuhne]—who bears
- though he is dot upon the floor—that they
amount in value-to $28,000,000 ; and he read
you, from the advertisements of the company,
a glowing description of .them. Sir, had this
■^raat been made through entitely new lands
the company iaight possibly have-received the
number of acres'which the gentleman indi-
cates. But- they were not new lands ; along the
• eastern end of the line, where the lands were
. really valuable, some settlements have been
inade.* There were Indian reservations there.
There were two or three Kansas towns, and
the settlements conccntrated about them.
And thus bodies of the choice acres from the
most valuable part of the land grant were taken
from them. The lands so glowingly advertised
were boughtby this company under compulsion
of an act of Congress. They were bought from
the Delaware Indians, aud the price paid for
them was $1 28 per acre; and that purchase
was, as I have said, made under an act of
Congress compelling the company to purchase
them. The Pottawatomie reservation, em-
bracing three hundred thousand acres more of
the samelands.wasofferedtothecompany atthe
same price, and they declined it, Having bought
the Delaware lands simply because the law
required them to make the purchase as part of
the contract insisted upon by Congress.
The gentleman from Illinois, 1 know, did
not mean to be unfair. No man honors more
than I do his sturdy perseverance in guarding
the Treasury ; yet 1 cannot help seeing that in
the vehemence of his nature he often takes
partial and one-sided views; that having com-
mitted himself, not by public declaration but
in his own convictions, to a given side of a
question, he accepts as true any statement that
seems to sustain his view. And so he would
lead Congress and the country to believe that
the entire body of land granted to this com-
pany was fairly described in that glowing
advertisement. I turn to the testimony of one
who is familiar with the land—one who has
done as much to guard the Treasury of the
country as the gentleman from Illinois, for his
great deeds were largely instrumental in saving
both the country andits Treasury. Let William
T. Sherman say what is the value of a great
part of these lands. I find, in a letter written
by him on March 4, 1886, to General Grant,
urging the completion of this road to Cheyenne
Wells, this description of the lands:
''Without the aid of additional subsidy the road
will, howover, probably "top at Fort Wallace, which
is m the midst ot that wide tract of prairio d-evoid
of wood, coal, and everything ubeful, exuept buffalo
glMSS."
That is where it does stop; and, as if he
feared he had no,t been sufficiently impressive
on this point, he recurs to it, and says:
''Still, to them and to us the termination at Fort
Wallace will 00 very awkward; because the point is
simply nowhere, being a mere naked spot in a limit-
li ees.wilderness."
Much of the land is not at the present time
of any commercial value. The building of this
road will give it value. The gentleman from
Illinois says it is worth $23,000,000. In this
assertion, Mr. Speaker, he gives us the most
powerful argument I have yet heard for grant-
ing the limited subsidy proposed. The Gov-
ernment holds alternate sections along the
line of the whole route, and before the road
was built to Fort Wallace the most eastern of
them were of little, and the rest of no market
value. But as they alternate section by sec-
tion, those held by the G&vsrrmwntaiust also
have become worth $28,005,000. Thus, by
loaning i(S Credit On a well se&urtd mortgage
to the amount of $6,800,000, the Government
has in fhree years and a half added to the com-
mercial value of a comparatively trivial part
of its public lands more than twenty-three mil-
lion dollars. If the Government had to pay
Wery bond it Would still, by this showing, be
the gainer. But the bonds are adequately
secured ; and the company, by itseafnifigsftota
Army transportation, has not only paid the
interest on the bonds issued, but left in the
hands of the Government the nucleus of a
sinking fund for their absorption.
I argue this matter as a question of etioftoSay.
I assume that U. S. Grant, William T. Sher-
man, Philip Sheridan, and Winfield S. Han-
cock know something about the land and the
expenses of the Indian War, which seems to
have become chronic. I take their letters as
my guide. For wagoning the supplies of the
Army and marching troops over the country
penetrated by this road the cost would have
been three or four times what the company has
charged for carrying them with railroad expe-
dition, and one dollar out of every two thus
carried has been retained by the Government
as a fund with which ultimately to extinguish
the bonds, if these earnings shall amount, as
they have hitherto done, to more than the inter-
est upon them.
Sir, there are general considerations that
influence me in taking my present position.
Colorado and thewhole Rocky mountain region
of our country, that region which is cultivated
by irrigation, can never be populously settled
till we build railroads into it. In a afew coun-
try, settlement is ever upon the water-courses.
It was true, until railroads were built settlements
followed natural highways—navigable water-
courses.
A distinguished Senator from Nevada ex-
plained in my hearing that he was a member
of the Naval Committee because he repre-
sented a State and a section of country that is
without a navigable river, and in which a bat-
teau would be of no use. The only way to
induce population to go to that mountain coun-
try is to penetrate it with railroads. Give to
Denver the opening door of thegoldand silver-
bearing region of our country, railroad connec-
tions with the northern and eastern States by the
way of the Union Pacific railroad and with.the
central belt and southern States, by completing
this road, and you give to emigrants the chance
to pour into that region. The effect of rail-
roads upon the prosperity of an interior State
was strikingly illustrated by General Hiram
Walbridge, in a recent address before the na-
tional convention of Boards of Trade, from
which I make a brief extract, which will not
be less pertinent because it relates to Illinois.
General Walbridge said:
"Tho results achieved in a single State will he
found, on examination, to be quite as striking as is
the aggregate for the whole nation. There were in
the State of Illinois in 1851 two hundred and fifty
miles of railway, the cost of which was about seven
million and a halfdollars. Thetonnageof theseroads,
only just opened, coifld not have exceeded one hun-
dred thousand tons, having a value, say, of $15,000,000.
At the close of 1867 there were three thousand two
hundred and fifty miles of railroad in operation in
the State, having a tonnage traffic of at least five mil-
lion tons, possessing a value of at least $750,000,000.
The cost of the roads equaled $130,000,000. The value
of the commerce transported over them in one year
equaled very nearly six times their cost, In 1851 the
number of pounds of merchandise transported by
these roads equaled aoout two hundred pounds per
head of population. In 1867 the tonnage transported
exeeeded four thousand pounds, or two tons per head.
The value of the tonnage per head in 1851 was about
fifteen dollars: in 1807 it was equal to S330 per head.
This unexampled increase was wholly due to the con-
struction of railroads, as there has in the mean time
been a very large increase in the tonnage on tho
water-courses of the State. Itwill be borne in mind
that the tonnage of railroads of this State consists
almost entirely of the products of agriculture, which
will bear transportation for only a comparatively
small distance over ordinary roads. These products
are now forwarded, on an average, twelve hundred
miles before reaching a market.
"The population of Illinois now makes one fif-
teenth of that of the whole country. It now defrays
one fifteenth of the whole burdens of the General
Government, Its proportion of the Federal taxes
equals %2i,000,000 annually. Its ability t6 pay this
Vast sum is alm6st entirely dun t?> the railroads that
have been coostrtieted within it during the t>ast flf 
teen years. Toward their construction the Federal
GoVernmentnevereontributed apenny. Itdid, how-
ever, in 18S0 make a valuable land grant to the State
in favor of the Illinois Central railroad, which se-
cured the speedy construction of this greatwork and
gave a wonderful impulse to the construction of
other important lines. Theadditionalpricecharged
for reserved lands yielded to the national Treasury
the same sum that would have been realized if the
grant hadnot been made."
What has been done for Illinois with great
advahtage to the whole country can be done
for its immense gold-bearing region, and with
greater general benefit. By lending this com-
pany the comparatively small amount of credit
needed we will give people and capital a chanCe
to go there, and stimulate the creation of a
system of local roads extending from Denver
through the Valleys which surround it. But
without such aid this never will be done, or not
fof many years.
The gentleman from Illinois queried as to
whetherthe subsidy proposed is $16,000 a mile
or $32,000. The law fixes that. Sixteen thou-
sand dollars a mile is all that can be given
east of the Rocky mountains, and the point at
which the Rocky mountains begin has already
been adjudged. It is at Cheyenne, a point two
hundred and sevtoty-five miles west of Chey-
enne Wells, to which Sherman and Sheridan
and Hancock and the quartermaster general
desire us to enable the company to build this
road. Therefore, the subsidy asked for is
$16,000 a mile, or $800,000 in all; and I be-
lieve that had this bill been passed at the last
session of Congress it would now be a matter
of absolute economy to the Government. The
expense of carrying all the freight that goes
by line No. 2, except to two small forts, and
all which goes by the northern route toward
Denver would have been reduced two thirds
if this road had been built as contemplated, as
is shown by the letters of General Easton,
quartermaster of the military division.
Now. sir, this $800,000 of subsidy is to
aid build more than fifty-four miles, on which
the bonds are to be a lien. It is to give effect-
ive power to those who already have land
grants for the purpose to build three hundred
and thirty odd miles of road. By giving them
this subsidy of $800,000 you will make it clear
to capitalists that any private capital they put
into the road will become productive. You
will make it apparent to the people of Denver
that they are to have a through connection to
the Atlantic by two main roads, and to the
Pacific by one. You will make it clear to the
capitalists of St. Louis that the branch which
terminates, as Sherman shows you, in a limit-
less wilderness without wood or coal or water,
is to be a through route connecting Denver
and Cheyenne with St. Louis, Chicago, and
San Francisco, and you will enable the com-
pany to obtain the capital with which to make
a road all the way through and give value to
their own lands and the alternate sections of
the Government. But, sir, it involves even a
higher economy than that.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. KELLEY. I will yield for a question,
but not for a speech.
Mr. PRICE. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] whether he
does not know that in July, 1866, this Union
Pacific, Eastern Division, Company came here
and asked Congress to allow them to diverge
from the line fixed by the act of Congress, and
run up the Smoky Hill route, and agreeing, if
allowed to do so, that no greater subsidy in
bonds would be asked for than would be al-
lowed them if they made the connection atthe
one hundredth meridian, as fixed by the original
law; and that, if permitted to do so, they
would make the connection with the Union
Pacific railroad at a point not further than fifty
miles west of the meridian of Denver? And
whether a law was not passed at that time in
exact accordance with that request, which law
is in force at this day ?
Mr. KELLEY. I do not propose to give up
the whole of my time to the gentleman for the
purpose of having the debate in the Senate
read. I propose to go On and answer the ques-
tion ia my own way and to tho best of my
ability. '
Mr, PRICE. It is the debate in the House.
Mr. KELLEY. As I understand thisroad was
originally to runup the Republican fork,though
it had the right to take its present route. It
could not have the Smoky Hill route surveyed
