Tfffi &LOB&
As battle bt QueenstoWn, daring tfie war of
1812; _ .
A bill (3. R. No. 1695) granting a pensioh
tci Charles Mans, bf Lewisburg, Pennsylvania;
A bill (H. B. No. 1?4S) for tfre relief ©f the
estate of Isaac Philips, deceased, who was a
private in the revolutionary war ;
A bifl (H. R. Mo. 1747) granting a pension
to George Givens, a soldier of the war of 1812;
A bill (fl. R. No. 1748) granting a pension
to William Adams, a soldier of the «ar of
1812;_
A bill (ft. Ri. No. 1?49) graining a pension
to Daniel Hauser, a citizen of North Carolina
and a soldier of the War of 1812 ; and
_ A biil (H. H. No. 1746) for the removal of
disabilities from the persons therein named.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
resolution of the Legislature of Kansas, in
favor of the transfer of' the control and man-
agement of the Indians from the Department
of the Interior to the War Department; which
Was referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, and ordered to be printed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid beforfe
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of War,
submitting a statement of the contracts and
purchases of the ordnance department during
the year 1868; which wag referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Commissioner of Patents, transmitting his
annual report for the year ending December
31, 18(58, upon the state and condition of the
Patent Office; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
He also laid before the Senate a resolution
of the house of representatives of the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, in favor of an appropri-
ation for increasing the salaries of the two
translators in the employment of that Terri-
tory ; which was referred to the Committee On
Territories, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of War, submitting a statement
of the contracts made by the quartermaster's
department during the last six- months of the
year 1868; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of th© Treasury, submitting "a
dfaltof a resolution declaring the collection
6f a peftalty of fifty per cent, of the direct tax
in certain cases illegal; w'hich was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
HOUSE SILLS REFERRED,
'the following bills received from the House
of Representatives were severally read twice
by then- titles and referred to the Committee
on Pensions:
A bill (II. R, No. 721) to increase the pen-
sion of Amos Armstrongs who was wounded
in the battle of Queenstown during the war of
28121
A bill (H. R. No. 1695) granting a pension
to Shanes, of Lewisburg, Pennsylvania;
A bill (II. R. No, 1746) for the relief of the
estate of Isaac Philips, deceased, who was a
pnvate m the revolutionary war ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1747) granting a pension
to beorge bivens, a soldier of the war of 1812;
w^r' a J8' N°' 17*48) SrantiaS a pension
to William Adams, a soldier of the war of 181° •
and '
A bill (H R. No. 1749) granting a pension
t.o Daniel Hauser, a citizen of North Carolina
and a soldier of the war of 1812
The bill (H. R. No. 1746) for'the removal
or disabilities from the persons therein named
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
CHARTERING OF RAILROAD C0MPANIB!3.
Ihe Senate, as in Committee of the Whole
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No!
Cb4) to promote commerce among the States
January 21,
and to cheapfeh the transportation of the mails
and military and naval storeS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The select
Committee on Railroads in the States rep\ i_ J
some amendments to this bill which have
yet been read. They will now be read.
The Chief Clerk read the first amendment,
which Was in section one, line five, to insert
the name of" John P. Kennedy;" inlines seven
and eight the names of"A. T. Stewart," "Jesse
Hoyt," and " Marshall O. Roberts;" in line ten
the name of "John M. Forbes;" in line twelve
to strike out "Shouler'' and insert' 'Schonler
and in lines thirteen and fourteen to insert the
name of "William Dennison."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-one
of section three to strike out the word "one"
and insert "three," so as to read:
And whenever an amouht of not lessthan $3,000,000
8iiall navo been subscribed in good faith to said cap-
ital stock.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section ten, line
fourteen, to strike out the words " have the
rightto;" arrd after "freights," in line fifteen,
to strike out " to the city of Washington;"
so as to read:
Such connecting lines shall sell through tickets,
cheek through baggage, and transport freights in
such manner and upon such terms as are customary
between connecting lines of railway.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eleven,
after the word "act," in line seven, to insert
"and in which the validity of any franchise
conferred by this act is denied;'' so as to read .
That if any suit or proceeding, either in law or
equity, or any criminal prosecution shall be com-
monoed ,n any gtato court against the New York
and Washington railway company, their successors
or assigns, or any person authorized or employed by
them, for any act done,_ or omitted to be done, in
and about the construction of the railway hereby
authorized under and by virtue of this act, and in
which the validity of any franchise conferred by this
is demed, &c., the ease may be removed to the
United States Circuit Court.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in Section four-
teen, line five, to strike out "three" and insert
"two;" so as to read:
It shall be fully completed and equipped in two
years from and after the election of the first board
of directors.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VICKBRS. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Ohio who reported this measure and
opened the discussion has seen fit to introduce
subjects to influence the judgment by exciting
the prejudices of Senators. 1 regret that he did
not confine himself to the subject-matter of the
bill and its legitimate relations. This bill is
to incorporate three railroad companies to
construct railroads through several States with-
out their consent, and from the drift of the
argument of. the Senator from Ohio the con-
stitutional power of Congress is large enough,
or may be expanded, to embrace every need
that may arise in our future history. The Con-
stitution, which our fathe_rs made with limited
and defined powers, is now, according to the
construction of the Senator, endowed with at-
tributes and capacities commensurate with the
wants and circumstances of the country at any
period of her existence. That I may not do
the Senator injustice, I quote from his speech:
" Yet that the general principles and powers they
vJ® inAraSeA ln the Constitution, like the teach-
ings ot the Bible, meet all changes, all time, all di-
versities of condition, wealth and population, and
applied with a liberal and fair construction regulate
ageneies and things of which they had no conception,
in harmony with their central idea of a local gov-
ernment for local purposes merely, affecting only
the people of the State; a national government for
|™eral purposes, affeoting the people of different
Surely such an accommodating Constitution
can never require amendment, and the pro-
vision to amend was gratuitously inserted. But
what would Alexander Hamilton think, if he
could visit the country and in the Senate Cham-
ber hear the annunciation of doctrines like
those which have been uttered by the Senator
from/Ohio, while, with the Federalist in his
han/and looking at the forty-fifth number, he
; that which he had written while on earth:
. .t'he powers delegated by the proposed Constitu-
te to-the Federal Government are ieW and defined,
fiose which are to remain in the State governments
fere numerous and indefinite. Tho former will be
r~"" iuu iwmur win 00
lexereised principally on external objects, as war
peaee.negotiation.andforeign commerce; with which
last the power of taxation will, for the most part, be
connected. Thepowersreservedtothe several States
will extend to all the objects which, in the ordinary
coufse of affairs, concern the lives, liberty, and
prosperities of the people, and the internal order,
improvement,and prosperity of the State. The opera-
tions of the federal Government will be most exten-
sive and important in thnesof war and danger; those
of the State governments, in times of peace and se-
curity."
The subject under the deliberation of the
Senate, and the powers claimed for the Gen-
eral Government by the bill, are of the most
momentous consequences to the States and to
the proper adjustment of rights between 'the
two forms or systems of government. In a
state of insurrection or war which may imperil
the existence of the national Government, in
some great and unexampled emergency, the
temporary exercise of doubtful or unconstitu-
tional power may be tolerated, because of the
importance of the ends to be accomplished ;
but in a period of profound peace, after the
din ot battle and shock of arms, and when the
Government is overcoming its diversion from
the line of constitutional power—is adjusting
itself to its normal and true condition, to its
healthful action and proper sphere in the won-
derful and grand system of complex govern-
ments under which we live—it is no time to be
trying experiments, or to bring into collision
the constitutional functions of the States and of
the nation, and which must necessarily involve
a conflict of jurisdiction and lead to litigation
and discontent. As a mere question of expe-
diency it would be judicious to defer action
Upon doubtful questions till matters of vastly
more moment to the public shall be determined.
The subjects of the finances and retrenchment,
of specie payments,, the partial relief of the
people from enormous and oppressive taxa-
tion, and our Indian relations, are of vital in-
terest to the country, and claim the primary
attention of Congress. The session is to be
limited, and after these measures shall be con-
sidered and the appropriation bills passed there
will no time be left for our action upon ques-
tions of internal improvement.
It is now proposed to exert the alarming and
dangerous power of making or authorizing to
be made railroads through the States, to take
their Soil and construct works of this nature
with all their appurtenances without their con-
sent. It is claimed, according to the title of
the bill, under the general authority to pro-
mote commerce among the States. A power
to regulate does not imply a power to create.
On the contrary, it refers to something that
exists; a substantial, existing thing, having a
tangible form ; but which for the ends ol good
Government may need such restraint or con-
trol as shall best subserve the purposes arid
interests of the people. To regulate is to adjust
by rule or method; to reduce to older, to dis-
pose according to order. The thing to be regu-
lated must have form, dimensions, substance,
before "the power to regulate can be exercised.
Ihe powers of the Federal Government are
.v.'.^ennite, and explicit; they are confined
within narrow limits, and all other powers are
denied by the Constitution except such as are
incidental and absolutely essential to execute
the specific powers.
fhe power to borrow money necessarily in-
volves that of executing the necessary securi-
ties for its payment: the last is a consequence
of the former. But the power to borrow does
not imply that of creating a national batik as
means of providing for its payment. The one
is not the natural or necessary sequence of
the other. To provide and maintain a navy
would confer no such power. The power to
raise and support armies is expressly given ;
then follows, as a consequence, the power to
make ruleB and regulations for the Army. But
