270
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Senate. •
Representative Reform—Report. ■
40th Cong....3d Sess.
merit, and particularly with that department
or branch of Government—the principal one
in power, if not in dignity—which makes the
laws. All will participate really in choosing
Representatives, and all will be represented in
fact. Now the beaten body of electors choose
nothing, unless it be mortification, and are not
represented at all; for the theory that they are
represented by thesuccessful candidates against
whom they have voted, that those candidates
when installed in office represent them, is
plainly false. An elected official represents
the opinions and the will of those who choose
him, and not of those who oppose his selection.
As to the latter he is an antagonist and not a
representative, for his opinions are opposed to
theirs, and their will he will not execute. And
this must always be the case where political
parties act upon elections, and a majority or
plurality rule assigns to one party the whole
representation of the constituency. Our pres-
ent system of representation is therefore es-
sentially partial and imperfect, and our great
object in reforming it must be to make it fall
and complete. If we cannot secure this object
perfectly it will be our duty, as it should be
our pleasure, to approach it as nearly as pos-
sible.
Now. inasmuch as by extendingto the elector
that freedom of choice and of selection which
the law has heretofore forbidden we can strike
from our system of representative elections
almost entirely the element of disfranchise-
ment and bring the whole electoral body into
direct and useful relations with the represent-
ative body, we may congratulate ourselves that
our reform, while it will be rich and fruitful
of results in the purification of elections, in
impartirig energy and wisdom to government
and contentment to the people, will also be
■strictly republican in character and democratic
in piinciple, and will apply more perfectly than
ever before those ideas of self-government
which inspired our ancestors when ihey estab-
lished our political institutions.
THE FOUR GREAT REASONS FOR IT.
But we proceed to state the main reasons for
the unrestricted vote without dwelling upon
introductory points or upon those secondary
reasons which, while they may commend this
plan of reform to us, will not alone command
us adoption. Those great reasons—which
speak with imperative voice to statesmen and
to tree constituencies everywhere—are four in
number, and they will be mentioned in their
proper order.
1. It is just.
The unrestricted or free vote should be per-
mitted because it is just. That this quality
pertains to it in a high degree and constitutes
one of its main characteristics is beyond all
question. It gives an equal voice to every
elector of a State, secures the elector from the
peril of utter disfranchisement, and affords to
him also that freedom of choice which is indis-
pensable to his complete and useful exercise of
his right. A vote at any point or place in the
btate is precisely as valuable and as important
us at any other point or place ; location of the
voter is immaterial as affecting his right or his
consequence in the electoral body, and no pref-
erence in privilege or power is given or advan-
tage allowed to one elector over another. Be-
sides, (and this is the great consideration.) any
material disfranchisement of electors is ren-
dered almost impossible; for every political
interest of any considerable magnitude in a
State will have the complete opportunity af-
forded itof concentrating its vote upon a proper
number of candidates, and those candidates
will be chosen, not merely because they have
more votes than other candidates, (as under
our present system.) but because they are the
recipients of an adequate support. One mass
of voters will not vote down, defeat, or disfran-
chise another. One candidate will not beat
another in the ordinary sense of that expres-
sion. The full comprehension of this point
may require reflection by those to whom it is
new, but no reflection is necessary to perceive
the justice of a plan which will substantially
strike disfranchisement from our electoral sys-
tem. Lastly, it is but just that the elector
should have a greater freedom of choice than
is now allowed him, that his judgment should
have freer action, that he should enjoy all pos-
sible facilities for performing his duty to his
country in exercising his right of suffrage. At
present he is hedged about and constrained by
legal regulations which, while wholly unneces-
sary to the public order and peace, cripple and
impede him in the performance of his'duty.
He is held responsible for the character and
action of the Government, for in theory he con-
trols it by his vote, and yet he does not possess
ail those facilities and rights the possession
of which will justify that responsibility and
enable him to discharge all its obligations.
In the matter of selecting Representatives
from his State to Congress—perhaps the most
important of all electoral operations known in
our country—he is allowed to participate in
the selection of but one out of the whole num-
ber. The State may be entitled to six, to
twelve, or to twenty Representatives, but the
judgment of the elector can be exercised upon
the choice of one only. As to all the rest he
is excluded from taking part in their selection.
Besides, his choice of a single Representative
must be exercised within and for a particular
district arbitrarily established bylaw, with such
boundaries, population, interests, and political
complexion as may happen to be convenient
or agreeable to amajorityin the Legislature of
the State. And practically he must select his
candidate from among the men of the district
and is excluded from all choice beyond it.
And when to all this we add that the elections
held in single districts are necessarily subjected
to a majority or plurality rule, which very com-
monly renders a large part of the votes cast
unavailing for the purpose for which they are
given, we have the case fully presented as one
of inconvenience and hardship upon the elector.
The law has been busy where it should have
been inactive, and the voter is bound by incon-
venient and injurious restrictions, which he
can neither evade nor defy. It is time that the
hand of power be lifted from the citizen and he
be permitted to perform his electoral duties
with all possible freedom.'
The justice of the proposed reform is there-
fore evident. It extends popular power upon
a principle of equality, limits disfranchisement,
and provides the voter with necessary facilities
for the exercise of his right.
With good reason, therefore, did the London
Times, in speaking of clause nine of the reform
bill of 1867, (triumphantly carried in both
Houses_ of Parliament upon full debate, and
similar in principle to the proposition before
us,) declare " that the idea of modifying our
electoral machinery so as to secure in three-
membered constituencies the proportionate
representation of both the great divisions of
party, has made its way by its inherent jus-
tice."
2. It will check corruption.
The unrestricted or free vote will greatly
check corruption at elections. It will take
away the motive to corrupt, and thus strike an
effectual blow at the source of a great evil.
Now, money and patronage are usually ex-
pended upon elections to secure a majority or
plurality vote to one or more candidates over
one or more other candidates, and are directed
or applied to the comparatively small number
of electors in the constituency who hold the
balance of power between parties. Those per-
sons being bought or seduced, victory is secured.
The importation of voters into a State or dis-
trict or their fraudulent creation within it is
with alike object. And such corrupt influence
or practice when resorted to by one party pro-
vokes like conduct in an opposing one, until
both become tainted with guilt and unfitted for
vindicating the purity of elections. This evii
grows in magnitude yearly, audit will continue
to increase until those motives of interest which
produce it shall be weakened or destroyed.
A new right to the elector, whether in the
form of the free or cumulative vote or of per-
sonal representation, or a new protection to
him in the form of the limited vote, will check
corruption ; but of these remedies the first is
the most practicable and effectual. The lim-
ited vote, as will be hereafter shown, cannot
have extensive application, and it is but a rude
contrivance. Personal representation is a
scheme of great theoretical merit; it has been
tried partially in Denmark, and it has received
elaborate vindication from authors of distinc
tion in England, in Switzerland, and in France.
But it may be put aside from the present dis-
cussion, because it is comparatively intricate
in plan and cumbrous in detail, because it as-
sails party organization, and because some of
its most important effects cannot be distinctly
foreseen. It is so radical in character, so revo-
lutionary in its probable effects, that prudence
will dictate that it should be very deliberately
considered and be subjected to local experi-
ment and trial before it shall be proposed for
adoption upon a grand scale by the Govern-
ment of the United States.
But why will the cumulative or free vote
check corruption? It will have this certain
effect, it will operate efficiently to this end,
because it will render any ordinary effort of
corruption useless and unavailing. The cor-
rvption of voters will not change the result of
an election. It will elect no candidate and
defeat no candidate in contested States or
districts, unless, indeed, it be carried on and
carried out upon a gigantic scale, beyond any
ordinary example of the past or probable
occurrence of the future.
An average or common ratio of votes for a
Representative in Congress, taking the whole
country together, is now twenty-five thousand,
and it will be much greater in future times.
Assume, then, that six hundred thousand votes
are to be cast in Pennsylvania at an election,
of which each political party has one half, and
that twenty-four Representatives are to be
chosen. This is a supposition very nearly con-
formed to actual numbers in that State. Now
it is evident that either political party, by re-
sorting to the cumulative vote, can elect twelve
Representatives, and thus secure to itself exact
and just representation, and no art or effort of
the opposite party can prevent it. But sup
pose further that corruption shall assail the
election, and that some thousands of votes shall
be changed thereby, or that in the interest of
one of the parties so many as ten or twenty
thousand voters shall be imported into the
State, or be fraudulently created or personated
within it, in either case there will be no effect
produced; the result will be unchanged; in
short, in the case supposed, a fraudulent in-
crease of ils vote (and of the total vote) by a
party, to the extent of twenty thousand, will
not give to it any advantage, nor will its cor-
rupt acquisition of five or ten thousand votes
from the opposite party. It follows that cor-
ruption will iri no ordinary case be resorted to;
it will be effectually discouraged and prevented.
And even in the extreme case of the corrup-
tion of a large number of voters in a State, the
resulting evil will be reduced to its minimum.
What has been said concerning the choice
of Representatives will apply with equal, if
not greater, force to the choice of presidential
electors. If the representative presidential
electors were chosen in the several States—
save those which have but one—upon the plan
of the cumulative vote, there would be as to
them due representation of the people in the
electoral colleges, and the elections for choos-
ing them would receive a much needed purifi-
cation. Millions now expended upon those
elections would be kept out of the hands of
