494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
desired. It, was uncertain at the time whether
she would ever be reimbursed for the adventure
which she made; railroads were not then the
success which they have since become.
If, having run the hazard of loss, after con-
ferring upon the District such a boon, shall she
now be reproached because it yields to her a
revenue in excess of what was anticipated?
The Senator from Ohio has charged cerpora-
tions generally with being influenced by selfish
motives. What company, corporated or unin-
corporated, or what capitalists, whether en-
gaged in mining, manufacturing, commercial,
or in any'other department of business, are not
influenced by like considerations. The exclu-
sive jurisdiction of Congress over the ten miles
square cannot, as the Senator contends, enlaige
the power given over comlnerce. The author-
ity of Congress would be tlve same if no such
District had been provided. The jurisdiction
is confined to the limits of the District. In
the forty-third number of the Federalist the
principal reason assigned for the'exclusive juris-
diction is that the proceedings of Congress
might be interrupted with impunity and that
body be dependent on a State for protection. In
Madison's works, in the third volume, in a let-
ter to Judge Roane, he writes:
"The exclusive jurisdiction over the ten miles square
is itself an anomaly in our representative system,
and its object being manifest, and attested by the
views taken of it at its date, there seems a peculiar
impropriety in making it tho fulcrum for a lever
stretching into the most distant parts of the Union
and overruling the municipal policy of the States."
The ken of this political philosopher seemed
to penetrate the future, and with almost the
spirit of prescience he could seethe march of
central power into the very heart of the States.
The charter granted by Congress to the cor-
poration of Washington authorized the draw-
ing of lotteries for effecting any important
improvement in the city which the ordinary
funds or revenue would not accomplish. The
State of Virginia enacted a law prohibiting the
drawing of lotteries and sale of lottery tickets
in that State unless the lottery was authorized
by that Commonwealth. The Cohens, in the
city of Norfolk, sold tickets of the lottery au-
thorized to be drawn by the corporation of
Washington city. They were indicted and fined
under the law of Virginia, and the case was
taken up by them to the Supreme Court of the
United States, which affirmed the judgment
of the State court. This was a direct attempt,
by means of this fulcrum and lever, to stretch
its authority into the territory of a State. There
is, therefore, nothing in the jurisdiction given
over the District, nor in the simple fact that
Congress sits in the city of Washington, that
can give to the subject any greater importance
than if Congress sat in the city of Philadel-
phia.
The portion of the eighth section of the Con-
stitution which empowers Congress to make
all laws which shall be necessary and proper
for carrying into execution the express powers
confers no authority which the Government
would not have possessed without the insertion
of those words, because when a power was ex-
pressly given to do a certain thing all the means
necessary to its execution were implied and
contained in the grant. In the thirty-third
number of the Federalist, written by Alexan-
der Hamilton, who always gave the largest and
most liberal interpretation to the Constitution,
it is said:
" ^legislatxYopoworbutapowerof making
laws? What are the means to execute a legislative
power but laws ? Whatisthe power of laying and
collecting taxes but a legislative power or a power
of making laws to lay and collect taxes? What are
the properracans ofexecutingsuchapowerbutneces-
saiy and properlaws? TheDeclatationitself.though
it may bo chargeable with tautology or redundancy
13 at least perfectly harmless."
It is thus seen that the insertion of the. power
to employ the necessary means is a mere re-
dundancy, and does not in any sense enhance
the powers of the Government, although Mr.
Madison, in a letter to Mr. Jefferson, said:
" In truth, thegreat temptation of' utility' brought
homo to tocal feelings is the most dangerous snare
for constitutional orthodoxy." • -
And irj a letter to Mr. Ritchie, in 182-5, he
said:
"It has been impossible not to observe the license
of construction applied to the Constitution of the«
United States, and that the premises from which
powers are inferred often cover more ground than
inferences themselves."
And as an illustration of the extent of im-
plied power as manifested by the hill before
the Senate I may add that the inferred power
is greater than the power granted.
The Senator from Ohio admits that in the
act of Congress authorizing the construction
of the Cumberland road the assent of the
States through which it was to pass was pro-
vided for. I understood the Senator to say,
although I do not read it in his published
speech, that in the Cumberland road bill the
consent of the States was asked because the
Government desired the aid and cooperation
of those States. I do not so read that bill; it
passed Congress in 1806, and contained a pro-
vision that if the President received and ac-
cepted, and did not reject the report of the
commissioners who were appointed to survey
and make out the road, he was then " author-
ized and requested to pursue such measures
as in his opinion shall be proper to obtain
consent for making the road of the States
through which the same has been laid; and
which consent being obtained he is further-
more authorized to take prompt and effectual
measures to cause said road to be made.
There is no aid to be given by the States ex-
cept their consent, and by the very terms of
the act that consent is made indispensable;
this is a virtual and unconditional surrender
by Congress of the power now claimed.
I.find on examination of the laws for the
admission of Ohio into the Union, passed in
1802, that three propositions were submitted to
the judgment of that State ; a portion of the
third is as follows :
"That one twentieth of the net proceeds of the
land lying within the said State sold by Congress
from and after the 30th day of Juno next, after de-
ducting all expenses incident to the same, shall be
applied to the laying out and making public roads
leading from the navigable waters emptying into the
Atlantic to the Ohio, to the said State and through
the same: such roads to be laid out under the au-
thority of Congress with the consent of the States
through which the said road shall pass."
This is another and explicit precedent of the
recognition by Congress of the assent of the
States as a necessary preliminary to the exer-
cise of the power to make roads by the Gen-
eral Government.
The power claimed to make or authorize to
be made railroads and canals through States
without their assent is one of immense mag-
nitude, and strikes at the foundation of State
sovereignty and vital constitutional rights. To
concede such a power would be to surrender
the last vestige of dignity and honor on the
part of the States, and to constitute this Gov-
ernment at once a consolidated one with
unlimited powers. It would breakdown all di-
visions of power, all barriers between.tho two
systems, and annihilate all State power unless
used in subserviency to the national will. The
checks and balances of the Constitution—the
beautiful symmetry and framework of the
general and State constitutions, which have
been the theme and admiration of statesmen
andofpatriotsandof the whole American peo-
ple from the year 1787, will be marred and
broken in its essential attributes. General
Jackson, in his veto message of the Maysville
road bill, was influenced not as the Senator
from Ohio has supposed, because the work
commenced and ended in the same State, The
message says:
"The constitutional power of the Federal Govern-
ment to construct or promote works of internal im-
provemenl presents itself in two points of view : the
iirst.as bearing upon the sovereignty of tho States
within whose limits their execution is contemplated,
if jurisdiction of the territory which they may occupy
be claimed as necessary to their preservation and
use; the second, as assuming the simple ri^ht to
appropriate money from the national Treasury in aid
of such works when undertaken by State authority
surrendering the claim of jurisdiction."
He denied tke power in both aspects, and
vetoed the bill. President Monroe, in his spe=
cial message upon the bill entitled " An Act
for the preservation and repair of the Cum-
berland road," declared emphatically that
Congress did not possess the power, and that
the State's individually could not grant it. But
this message was quoted by my colleague [Mr.
Whyte] on yesterday, and 1 forbear, there-
fore, to comment upon it.
If any enlarged implied power was intended
to be bestowed would it not naturally be looked
for in the parts of the instrument which pro-
vide for laying and collecting duties and im-
posts, to regulate commerce, to maintain a
navy, and grant letters of marque? Would it
not be inferred that to execute these powers
the Government would have the right to con-
demn land for the erection of light-houses to
prevent shipwrecks and loss of life; that the
war power, to raise and support armies, and
to insure the common defease, would include
the right to take land upon which to erect
forts and fortifications, and without which bul-
warks of protection could not be erected? But
yet so jealous were the States of central power
and of any appropriation of their soil or in-
vasion of their territory, even for these mighty"
purposes so closely allied to the success and
preservation of the General Government, so
tenacious of its integrity and so determined
to preserve inviolate their right of eminent
domain, that in the eighth section of the first
article of the Constitution, after, enumerating
the specific powers granted to the General
Government, it is then declared as a power
granted "to exercise exclusive legislation in
all cases whatsoever over such District, not
exceeding ten miles square, as may by ces-
sion of particular States and the acceptance
of Congress become the seat of Government
of the United States, and to exercise like
authority over all places purchased by the
consent of the Legislature of the State in which
the same may be for the erection of forts,
magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, and other
needful buildings." The right is to be acquired
only by consent of the States.
Can there be a more striking example and
illustration of the true intent and meaning of
the framers of the Constitution in reference to
the subject of implied power, of the spirit and
the rule by which constructive power should
be restrained and confined whenever the ter-
ritory of a State is to be approached by the
Federal Government? Is it not the key which
unlocks and explains the true measure of the
claim of implied powers ? Can it be supposed
that the sages who formed that organic law
would have thus guarded with extreme vigil-
ance and caution the rights of the States, and
have left in the terms to regulate commerce
an open door for the admission of vast, indefi-
nite, and substantial powers, which would sub-
ject the territory of the States to the occupa-
tion, use, and appropriation at the will of the
General Government? Would not such a pre-
sumption impute to those great and good men
infatuation, and an incompetency to perform
the wonderful work which their wisdom and
statesmanship enabled them to consummate?
I find, by reference to the statutes of Maryland,
that the General Government did, in pursuance
ot this constitutional provision, apply to the
Legislature of my State for permission to pro-
cure land for light-houses. In 1820 the land
for such purposes, at North Point and Bodkin
Island, were ceded, or cessions provided for;
in 1824 Thomas's Point, and also part of Poole's
Island, and in the same year Cedar Point and
Point Lookout and Smith's Island.
Can it be possible for the mind to conceive
that, to establish or erect works of vital im-
portance to commerce, and such of a military
character as should be essential to the defense
of our rivers, harbors, cities, and coasts, the
assent of the States should be absolutely indis-
pensable, and that the States would surrender
their soil to the Government of the United
States at discretion to make railroads and
canals; to make internal improvements at
pleasure ; to construct rival works, and destroy
the value of- such as were authorized by the*
