1446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
each. I do not like to see a subject of this I
kind disposed of without proper discussion.
. Mr. GARFIELD. I suggest to the gentle-
man that it the debate be confined to one hour
speeches be limited to ten minutes each.
Mr. SCHENCK. I modify my motion by
substituting "ten minutes" for "fifteen min-
utes."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
moves-to suspend the rules so as to order that
at. I he conclusion of the hour to which he is
entitled debate on this bill shall be confined to
one hour, speeches to be limited to ten minutes
each, at ihe expiration of which hour the gen-
ileiuan lVom Oluo shall be entitled to resume
the floor to demand the previous question. "
Mr. PUUYN. I suggest that is not quite
fair ; those who are opposed to the bill should
have as much time as those who advocate it.
I am perfectly willing that such an arrange-
ment should be made.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Ohio will state his motion the Chair will sub-
mit it to the House. The question is not de-
batable.
Mr. ROSS. I object to debate. •
Mr. SCHENCK. Before submitting my
motion, inasmuch as I have allowed an oppor-
tunity to the Comfinitt.ee on Appropriations to
be heard, I wish to state that, this is a bill re-
lating to the public credit of the country, which
we think of as much importance as any other,
and it is the only one oh that subject to "be
piesonted from the Committee of Ways and
Means. I have the sanction of that commit-
tee in submitting it to the attention of the
House.
ilr. ROSS. Is the motion to suspend the
rules debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. ROSS. Is it in order to move to take
up a message from the President of the United
States V
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will go back to my ori-
ginal motion. Gentlemen think with one hour
they will not haveafair opportunity to bo heard.
I move, therefore, that debate be limited to
two hours after I have closed, to be divided up
into speeches of fifteen minutes each.
Several Members. Say ten minutes each.
Mr. SCHENCK. Gentlemen around me say
speeches often minutes each. I move, then,
that the rules be suspended in order that the
debate on the pending bill shall be closed in
two hours after I have concluded my remarks,
to be divided up into speeches of ten minutes
each.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will of course be entitled to the closing speech.
Mr. ItlCE. I wish to ask a parliamentary
question.
^ The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The gentleman from Illinois objects.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
64, noes GO.
So (two thirds not having votedin the affirma-
tive) the rules were not suspended.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, then, that the rules
be suspended in order to limit the debate to
one hour, to be divided into speeches of ten
minutes each.
Mr. PRUYN. In that event will the gen-
tleman from Ohio be entitled to another hour
to Close the debate?
The SPEAKER. He will be entitled to an
hour to close debate, under the rules of the
House. The proposition is that debate shall
be closed in two hours, when the gentleman
from Ohio will be entitled to the floor to call
lor the previous question.
'1 he House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. SCHEKCK. Then 1 shall demand the
previous question, after allowing reasonable
debate.
leave 0® absence.
Mr. Woodward was granted leave of absence
for two days after to-duy.
Mr. Boyer was granted indefinite leave of
absence after to-day.
DEFENSE OP NOItTIIEASTERN FRONTIER.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask vmanimous consent
to submit a report from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs on the bill to provide for the de-
fense of the northeastern frontier, that it .may
be ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
international coinage.
Mr. KELLBY. I, ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That five thousand ^copies of the letter
of E. B. Elliott, esq., on the subject of international
coinage, transmitted to the House by the Secretary
of the Treasury, bo printed tor the use of the House.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
public credit—gold contracts.
The House resumed the consideration of
House bill No. 1744, to strengthen the public
credit, and relating to contracts for the pay-
ment of coin.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, when I in-
troduced some three or four weeks ago the bill
which is numbered 1744 on the files of the
House, and had it printed and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, I gave notice
that on a motion to reconsider that reference,
which I afterwards entered, I would at some
convenient time bring the subject before the
House for its consideration. I call up that
motion now. In doing tips, if I can secure the
concurrence of a majority of the members, I
shall hope not only that the motion to recon-
sider may prevail, but that after such discus-
sion as may be deemed expedient ,and desir-
able at this late period of the session the bill
may be put upon its passage and receive the
favorable judgment of the House. I am en-
couraged in this hope by the action and sanc-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Since the bill has been before them they have
given it careful examination and consideration,
and have instructed me to report their approval
of it with a recommendation that it be passed
without amendment. Before proceeding with
any further remarks I will ask to have the bill
read at the Clerk's desk.
The bill was read by the Clerk, as follows:
A bill to strengthen the public credit, and relating to
contracts for the payment of coin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That in order to remove any doubt as to the
purpose of the Government to discharge all just ob-
ligations to tho public creditors, and to nettle con-
flicting questions and interpretations of the laws by
virtue of which such obligations .havo been con-
tracted, it is hereby provided and declared that the
faith of tho United States is solemnly pledged to the
payment in coin or its equivalent of all the interest-
bearing obligations of tho Uuited States, except in
ca^es where the law authorizing the issue of any
such obligation has expressly provided that the same
may be paid in lawtul money or other currency than
gold and silver: Provided, however, That before any
of said interest-bearing obligations not already due
shall mature or be paid before maturity, the obliga-
tions not bearing interest, known as United States
notes, shall bo made convertible into coin at tho
option ot the holder.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That any contract
hcreattcr made specifically payable m coin, and the
consideration of which may he a loan of coin, or a
sale ot property or the rendering of labor or ser-
vice of any kind tho price of which as carried into
thecontract may havo been adjusted on the basis of
the coiu value thereof at tho time of such sale or of
Che rendering of such service or labor, shall be legal
and valid, and may be enforced according to its
terms; and on tho trial of a suit brought for the
enforcement of any such contract proof of the real
consideration may be given.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, the first
criticism that will naturally be made on this
proposed act of legislation will be that there is
very little of it. That is true. I do not pre-
tend that it embraces by any means all that it
may become necessary to do in order to the
restoration of our country and Government to
a sound financial condition. I do not pretend
that it is more than a step or two in that direc-
tion. But the first steps in that direction must
be taken ; and I shall be happy if I have sug-
gested those which are safe and of obvious and
primary necessity, and which will be adopted
with such unanimity or by such majority' as will
make them the beginning leading-to some fixed
and extended system to be developed as our
national policy in the future.
To the future and to another Congress I am
willing to leave much of this work.
Restoration in anything is a task of time and
not of a day; and the perfectness and the ulti-
mate success of any such work of restoration
is generally proportioned to the deliberation
and caution with winch it is conducted. And
I- believe more than this. I believe that with
a nation, as with an individual, health ia- to be
restored by care arid diet and nursing, more
even than by the use of right remedies, and
that wc can reach only through gradual conva-
lescence a normal soundness of condition.
Disease may be protracted by an impatient at-
tempt to hasten a cure.
To follow up this homely figure, I may say
that we"are not without the exhibition of plenty
of n ostrums as well as an ahundauce of regular
and in many respects Valuable prescriptions in
this matter of finance. Perhaps no committee
has ever been more advised and instructed than
the present Committee of Ways and Means on
this subject. Schemes and plans have come to
us in form and number quite beyond our time or
opportunity to study or even carefully to peruse.
Besides unnumbered articles, editorial or
communicated, sent marked in newspapers or
clipped from their columns and inclosed to us,
we have had rolls of manuscript and stacks of
pamphlets/ "For these favors from our general
constituency I desire here now to return my
thanks and the thanks of my committee, in gross,
inasmuch as we have not been able to make our
acknowledgment to their various authors indi-
vidually. If such productions prove nothing
else, they manifest, at least, the widespread and
deep interest which is felt at this time in our
national credit and currency, showing how
almost every active mind has been roused to
the consideration of the questions involved in
those subjects. It is remarkable, however,
how widely the doctors differ. I have been
struck with one fact applicable to nearly all of
these plans : thatwliile scarcely any two agree
as to principle or details, each writer is con-
fident that his own scheme or programme pre-
sents the one sure panacea for the remedy or
removal of the evils under which we labor.
Mr. Speaker, I am going to make a confes-
sion. It is one which will probably lower m.e
in the estimation of some persons who think
that all which relates to publie credit and its
kindred topics has been reduced to reliable
scientific theories and formulas, comprehens-
ible only by the political economists and inex-
plicable to the uninitiated. I do not believe
there is any great mystery in what is called
finance. The management of debt and its pay-
ment and the restoration of impaired credit, it
seems to me, are with a nation, only, on an
extended scale, what the same undertakings
should ordinarily be with an individual.
Eight months ago, when presenting from my
committee a general bill for the regulation and
collection of internal taxes, I had occasion to
speak incidentally of the financial condition.
I said then what I still believe and now repeat,
"that however we may dispute in regard to
the changing of one form of public security for
another, the amount or volume of currency to
be kept up, or the contraction to be made,
viewing this financial question in all lights,
there is after all but one way in which the debt
of this country is to be paid—it is to be worked
out. The industry of the people, the produc-
tions of our labor and of our soil are eventu-
ally to pay it." 03' the stage, with its fictions
and illusions, there is to be found no "new
way to pay old debts."
Is not this the common sense of our case?
What should a reasonable man do who, being
in possession of a handsome and productive
estate, finds himself, on account of the extraor-
dinary expenses to which he has been put in
defending his title, incumbered with heavy
debt for which his notes and bonds have been
given, fahile at the same time the magnitude
