1448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22',
paper, translating and republishing this article,
j akes this comment:
"If the French get hold of the idea that the most
secure Government is that of Washington; that the
most rising country is the United fetates; that the
most scrupulously honorable among communities i'8
the great Republic, an immense strength will be
given to American credit. Germany is.impressed
with these notions, and the consequence is that the
strength of American credit in Europe centers in
Franfcfovt. The time iyiU shortly come wh«n. that
credit will bo as strong-m Paris."
Cap anything be truer? Fas est ab hoste
doceri; and yet that is written in no spirit of
hostility.
We have issued certain bonds and agreed to
pay them only "in lawful money," in "United
Stat.es- notes," in thai which by law we have
made currency iji this countryand for our peo-
ple. In that currency, where it is so stipulated
in the law authorizing the issue, we have a right
to pay.
We have issued certain other bonds under
provisions of la.w which only describe the
amounts of them as for so many "dollars." In
those authorizing laws it has not been expressed
that the "dollar" was to mean or stand for
anything else than what a dollar had been held
to be always since the beginning of the Gov-
ernment—a hundred cents, or its equivalent in
coin. We have had disputes among ourselves
as to the true meaning of these statutes, and
conflicting interpretations have been given, de-
pending on comparison and construction of
their various sections and clauses, until the
beads of honest men have been made to ache
in the endeavor to hunt aclear meaning through
ambiguity. Honest men have remembered, too,
that the bonds were taken on the faith of con tem-
poraneous declarations by Congress and the
agents of ihe Government that they were pa> able
in gold. But there, in the law, all the while, has
stood out plainly the promise to pay so many
dollars to the public creditor. Let us do it. Let
us do it, remembering that the most priceless
property of a nation is its credit, on the main-
tenance of which untarnished its very power to
preserve its existence may some time depend.
Remembering, too, that while dealings between
individuals of the same country may be pre-
sumed in the absence of express agreement to
be in what is made the lawtul currency of that
country, a nation, on the contrary, is but as an
individual member of the family of nations ;
and when it puts forth its obligations it offers
them not only to its own citizens, but in the
market of the world for the money of the World.
And the money of the world, it needs no argu-
ment to show, is that universal standard of
value and medium of exchange which all Gov-
ernments have concurred in making of the
precious metals.
So much for the first section of the bill.
The second section is not a provision for the
resumption of specie payments, but a prepar-
ation lor resumption. It leaves to the people
by their voluntary transactions to bring about
for themselves a change from the use of de-
preciated paper to the representative of actual
values. And while this is done by giving the
power to enforce contracts for coin and coin
values, the provision is so carefully guarded in
terms as not to be subject to the objection
most frequently urged against such an act of
legislation. It cannot be made an instrument
in the hands of a hard creditor for the oppres-
sion of an embarrassed debtor under the spe-
cious pretext of renewal of a contract made
oa a different basis.
I think there are few intelligent persons now
who do not believe that a return to specie pay-
ments is desirable. The common judgment
of the country is for only such paper substitute,
to be used for a circulating medium, as is con-
vertible at pleasure into that which is recog-
nized as a safer and more certain measure of
values all the world over.
Whether in view of the decision just made
by the Supreme Court of the United States
any provision of law for legalizing contracts
for the payment of coin be needed, may, per-
haps, be aquestion. Butit is aquestion which
had better be resolved by positive enactment.
And in any event it is desirable to be moving
in the direction of judicial judgment.
But how, or by what piocess, are we to come
back to the gold standard ? That is the problem
to be solved.
Return at once to specie payments is, from
the want of coin sufficient for such an occasion,
simply impossible. And if such sudden re-
sumption wer§ possible it would be most disas-
trous in its effects by the ruin it would bring
upon the debtor class, which controls the pro-
ductive industry of the country.
A scheme for resumption to take place at any
near certain date in the future, to be fixed bylaw,
would be productive, I believe, of embarrass-
ment and disaster little less serious and imme-
diate. While the Government would be hoard-
ing or purchasing coin to prepare for the given
day, thus withdrawing that solid part ot' our
currency from any use as such, and so enhan-
cing its comparative value by an increased
demand, brokers and speculators, on the other
hand, stimulated and tempted by the percent-
age of profit to be made by the operation, would
be taking the paper money of the Government
out of circulation and laying it up for conver-
sion into gold when the day of coin payments
should arrive. Thus the channels of trade
would be drained of money in two directions,
and the country deprived in a good degree of
both kinds of currency. Prices of all property
and labor would go down under this double
exhaustion of the present supply of a circu-
lating medium until the prescribed period for
resumption ; and then the hoarders of green-
backs, having converted them into coin, would
make accumulated gain by purchasing every-
thing at the ruinous rates to which market
values would be reduced ; and a third profit
would follow from the subsequent gradual and
natural rise of prices to an ordinary specie
standard.
To me it seems that every plan is a mistake
which proposes resumption as the direct object
of legislation, or which at this time, would en-
force specie payments at a fixed date. Re-
sumption, in my opinion, to be safe and last-
ing, must come as a consequence of wise and
wholesome legislation, and of an economical
and sagacious administration of our financial
affairs.
And here I conclude.
It is for the House now to determine by its
action whether the bill I offer embodies in its
two plain and simple propositions the initia-
tion of such wholesome legislation. Can we
not all cordially unite in a clear, bold declara-
tion which will strengthen our national credit;
and at the same time popularize the use of coin
as a means of drawing up to the level of its
universal value a paper issue which is now de-
preciated only because it is inconvertible?
Pardon me if I add that I feel quite sure of
the good effect of this measure, when I see
that its mere introduction, and the indorse-
ment of it by my committee, and the prospect
of its becoming a law, have already had a happy
influence on the public credit and given in-
creased value to the securities of the Govern-
ment at home and abroad. No other fact could
so enforce my argument. We are a nation of
abundant wealth and wonderfully increasing
resources; let us add to those, universal con-
fidence in our good faith, and no Power can
command on more favorable terms than the
United States can whatever we may need of
the capital of the whole world.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have seventeen minutes
left, and I propose to yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from New York.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
move that the House proceed to the business
on the Speaker's table, and pending that mo-
tion I move that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union for tha purpose of considering the
Post Office appropriation bill. I do that under
the pressure of the public business, and not to
antagonize any gentleman here.
Mr. SCHENCK. Does that take me off
the floor ?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule on this subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
" " It is an invariable practice to permit a member
upon the expiration of the morningbouTto^take the
floor, even though another may bo oeeu-pyioa: it, to
make the motion tq proceed to business on the Speak-
er's table."
The SPEAKER. There having been a morn-
ing hour to-day, by the rule the motion to
proceed to business on the Speaker's table is
in order, and it takes the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schukck] from the floor.
The question being put on the motion that
the House resolve itself into the Committee, of
the Whole, there were—ayes 73, noes 43.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Butler, of Massachusetts, and
Schenck.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 80, noes 47.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved Itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Poland in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of House bill No.
1808, making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending the 30th June, 1870.
The pending question was on the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Beaman, to strike out in
line twenty-one "$1,000,000" and insert
" $500,000; " so that it will read :
l?or payments to letter earners, $500,000.
And further to add the following proviso:
Provided, That no part of this sum shall be ex-
pended for said purpose in any city whoso population
is less than one hundred thousand; and that no
greater sum than is hereby appropriated shall be
expended for the free delivery of letters in tbo next
fiscal year.
Mr. SPALDING. Is it in order t.0 move
an amendment to the proviso at this time ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not. When the com-
mittee was found without a quorum on Friday
evening last the committee was dividing on the
amendment.  The tellers [Messrs. Sciienck
and Beaman] will resume their places.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 38, noes 75.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Stover, to strike out the entire para-
graph, as follows:
For payment of letter carriers. $1,000,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to perfect it
by striking out "$1,000,000" and inserting
"$800,000."
Mr. SPALDING. Is there any proviso to
that?
The CHAIRMAN. No, sir.
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. BEAM AN. Debate has been closed on
this paragraph by unanimous consent.
Mr. HIGBY. That was the question on
which the committee was dividing on Friday
evening. I objected constantly to the closing
of debate, and it was not my fault if I was not
heard by the gentleman from Michigan or by
the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that no further debate is in order upon this
paragraph, it having been closed by unani-
mous consent.
The question being put on the amendment
of Mr. Benjamin, there were—ayes 36, noes
37 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Besjami's
and Mr. Peteks were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 52, noes 64.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following
amendment, to come in as a proviso at the'end
of the clause :
Provided, That so much of this appropriation as
