272
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Senate.
Representative Reform—Report.
40th Cons....3d Sess.
trict voting. Under the district system a large
part of the men of a State are absolutely barred
from election to Congress. They cannot be
chosen in districts where their party has not a
preponderance of vote. The difference in
strength between parties may be slight, but it
will virtually constitute a rule of exclusion
which will always be rigidly enforced. But the
cumulative or free vote opens the doors of the
people's house to any citizen of a State when-
ever those who agree with him in opinion in
his State will give him a competent support.
They can elect him to Congress regardless of
State or district majorities. Thisis an advan-
tage of immense value if republican principles
be true, and republican institutions be worthy
of being carried to their utmost limit of per-
fection as fit and proper for the use and enjoy-
ment of mankind.
EXAMPLES OF REFORM.
But let us turn from general argument upon
electoral reform to particular cases which will
illustrate its application. And first of cases in
our own country:
In Pennsylvania and in other States in-
spectors of elections are chosen upon the plan
ot'the limited vote. Each voter is authorized
to vote for but one inspector, and yet two are
to be chosen. Thus, whenever the minority
party in an election district can poll one third
of the whole vote they can secure one of the
inspectors, and obtain representation in the
election board of the district. This arrange-
ment protects elections from fraud and injus-
tice, and is every where within the States which
have adopted it strongly sustained by public
opinion. In fact, even in districts where the
majority has more than a two-thirds vote the
attempt is rarely made by them to choose the
second inspector.
In Pennsylvania also jury commissioners in
the several counties are chosen upon the same
plan. But one is voted for by each elector, and
yet two are chosen.
For selecting delegates at large to the New
York constitutional convention in 1867 a simi-
lar plan was adopted. Upon the recommenda-
tion of Governor Fenton the Legislature pro-
vided that thirty-two delegates at large should
be chosen by the people in addition to the
delegates from the representative districts, and
and that in choosing them each voter should
vote for but sixteen. The consequence was
that each political party obtained sixteen of
the delegates at large, many of whom could not
have been chosen upon a district plan or upon
a general ticket devised in the ordinary way.
These instances in our country illustrate the
principle of reform now in question, and many
others might be cited. They show distinctly
that successful attempts have been made by
our people to break away from an unjust system
of voting and to secure to themselves those
advantages which full repiesentation is so well
calculated to produce.
ENGLISH REFORM.
But English authoiity and example may be
called in to aid the argument in a still more
effectual manner. The papers appended to this
report, from British authors and statesmen of
high standing who have 111 recent years exam-
ined this subject of popular representation with
great fullness and power, may be consulted with
profit by any one desirous of understanding the
general grounds of argument in favor of reform.
And the debates and proceedings in Parlia-
ment during 1867 upon the reform bill may also
be examined in connection with the returns of
pailiamentary elections in 1808 for further and
most valuable information.
On the 4th of July, 1867, Mr. Lowe (the
present Chancellor of the Exchequer in the
Gladstone ad ministration) moved the following
amendment to the reform bill in the House of
Commons:
"Fowerto distribute votes.—At any contested elec-
tion for a county or borough represented by more
than two members, and having more than one seat
vacant, every voter shall be entitled to a number of
votes equal to the number of vaeant seats, and may
give all such votes to one candidate, or may distrib-
ute them among the candidates as he thinks fit."
This amendment (which was for the free vote
including the principle of cumulation and ap-
plicable generally to elections where more than
one member was to be chosen) was debated on
the day when offered and on the day following,
and received the very handsome support of one
hundred and seventy-three votes—a large vote
for a new proposition upon its first trial of
strength. Mr. Lowe's amendment was iden-
tical in principle and almost identical in terms
with the bill now reported by this committee.
The English proposition applied to the election
of members of Parliament, the American ap-
plies to the election of members of Congress
but in both a free vote, including the right of
cumulation, is the essential idea, and the object
in view more complete and just representation
of the people.
On the 30th July, 1867, the reform bill being
under consideration in the House of Lords,
Lord Cairns moved to insert the followingnew
clause, to come in after clause eight of the bill:
"At a contested election for any county or borough
represented by three members no person shall vote
for more than two candidates."
This amendment, after an elaborate debate,
was adopted by a strong vote : contents 142,
not contents 51; and an additional amendment
was then also adopted without a division that
"at a contested election for the city of Lon-
don" (which is entitled to four members) " no
person shall vote for more than three candi-
The success of those amendments (which
were concurred in by the House of Commons
on the 8th of August) constituted an import-
ant event in the history of representative insti-
tutions, for they recognized and gave applica-
tion to a principle of justice which will endure
the test of trial and of time—a principle which
will hereafter receive indefinite extension, and
wherever extended will purify elections, insure
contentment to constituencies, and elevate the
character and improve the action of free gov-
ernment.
Mr. Gladstone, speaking in the House of
Commons and confining his attention to his
own country, declared that the proposition or
principle contained in those amendments if
adopted at all must be adopted with the cer-
tainty that "it must unfold and expand itself
over the whole country and completely recon-
struct the system of distribution of seats."
And generally those who supported it in both
houses of Parliament foretold and rejoiced in
the prospect of its future expansion.
Those amendments constitute the ninth and
tenth clauses of the reform act of loth of
August, 1867, and their effect is illustrated by
I the parliamentary elections of 1868. We give
' the returns for certain districts:
PARLIAMENTARY BLECTIOJ.S, 1868.
Herefordshire, three members. Average
Tory vote, 3,360; average Liberal vote, 2 074.
Two Tories and one Liberal elected.
Cambridgeshire, three members. Average
Tory vote, 3,'J24 ; average Liberal vote, 3,310.
Two Tories and one Liberal elected.
The Liberals also obtained the third mem-
ber in each of the Tory counties of Oxford,
Bucks, and Dorset.
Liverpool borough, three members. Aver-
age Tory vote, 16,404; average Liberal vote,
15,198. Tory majority, 1,206.
In Liverpool the second seat, previously
held by the Tories, was attacked by the Liber-
als ; the result was a failure, as shown by the
above vote. Rut the third member was most
justly secured to the Liberals under the certain
operation of the limited vote, provided by
i clause nine of the reform act.
Under the operation of the same clause the
| Tories obtained the third member for Leeds,
j and they carried members also in Manchester
i and London.
Blackwood's Magazine, a Tory organ, (it has
called itself "the oldest of the Tories,") al-
though it admits that its party has suffered loss
to the extent of at least four seats by the mi-
nority clause, says:
"That to t'ie principle of that clause, fairly and
consistently worked out, it has no objection what-
ever."—Blackwood's Magazine, January, 1860.
This expression of opinion by a leading
organ of the party which suffered somewhat
under the minority clause is a valuable testi-
mony in favor of the principle of electoral
reform, which that clause was intended to pro-
mote.
DIFFICULTIES OF ENGLISH REFORM.
Mr. Disraeli, in debate on the 5th of July,
1867, pointed out one great practical obstacle
to the adoption of the cumulative vote in Eng-
land which does not exist in this country. It
happens that the Scotch and Welsh districts
are nearly all one- member districts with Liberal
majorities. The proposed reform is, therefore,
inapplicable to those parts of the kingdom as
at present organized for election purposes, and
if it were applied to England alone, upon an
extensive scale, it might give undue influence
and power in the House of Commons to Scotch
and Welsh members. They would control the
House upon all party questions. Full repre-
sentation in England would tend to equalize
the strength of parties in the House, and then
the Scotch vote east wholly on one side would
always turn the seale.
But putting this consideration aside and
taking the English districts as they stand, we
find that most of them are not adapted, or well
adapted, to the cumulative vote. A great part
of them are boroughs electing one member
each. In schedule A of the reform act are
no less than thirty-eight such boroughs added
to those which existed before, and in schedule
B nine additional. Other boroughs choose
two members each, as do divisions of coun-
ties, thirty-five of which are fixed in the reform
act. schedule D. The triangular districts, those
which elect three members each, are not nu-
merous, and we are not aware that any dis-
trict elects a greater number save London,
which elects four. The limited vote is now,
however, applied to London and to all the tri-
angular districts, whether boroughs or counties,
and it is to be expected that by the reorganiza-
tion and consolidation of districts hereafter
reform will be greatly extended.
REFORM IS THE UNITED STATES.
But the difficulties and obstacles which exist
in Great Britain do not exist with us. Our
States are well suited to the application of the
free vote. There are now only six of the whole
number to which it will not apply as a plan for
representative elections, to wit, Delaware, Flor-
ida, Kansas, Nebraska, Nevada, and Oregon.
They constitute the one-member States, and
would be unaffected by the new plan. But
from this class Kansas will pass at the next
apportionment, leaving but five States out of
thirty-seven to compose this class ; and as they
would select but five Representatives out of'
about two hundred and fifty who will consti-
tute the House, their influence upon general
results would be unimportant if not inappre-
ciable. It is to be remarked, also, that these
States, in common with all the other States,
might come under the operation of the free vote
if that vote should be applied to presidential
elections, because each of them will be enti-
tled to choose three electors.
THE TWO-MEMBER STATES.
The two-member States are Rhode Island
and Minnesota, and both will probably change
their position at the next apportionment of
Representatives. Rhode Island will fall off to
onememberand Minnesota rise to three. Other
States, however, two or three in number, may
take their place, and hence it will be worth while
to consider the position of two-member States
with reference to the plan of the free vote. It
has been sometimes said, without due reflec-
