274
APPENDIX TO TSE CONGrEESSIONAD -GLOBE.
[March 2,
Senate.
Representative Reforms-Report.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
the States the practice lias been to choose them
by a popular vote, this has not been a matter
of constitutional right in the people, but of
legislative permission and liable at any time to
be taken away. That the authority to appoint
electors should be fixed in the Constitution by
a uniform rule, and not be left to legislative
discretion, is, we believe, a general opinion,
aud it rests upon good grounds of reason and
experience. South Carolina formerly chose her
electors by a vote of her Legislature, and the
people had no voice in the proceeding; but by
her present constitution formed under the re-
construction laws their appointment must be
directly by the people. It may be questioned
whether a State constitution can take away the
discretionary power vested in the Legislature
by the Constitution of the United States, which
is "the supreme law of the land," bliit this
action by South Carolina shows that popular
rightrequires a constitutional guarantee against
the caprice, ambition, or corruption of legisla-
tive bodies. Florida has by law placed the
appointment of her electors in.her Legislature,
and a recent attempt in Alabama to fix a simi-
lar arrangement in that State was only frus-
trated by an Executive veto. It may be ap-
prehended that in some future election of Presi-
dent and Vice President closely contested the
Legislature of a State or the Legislatures of
several States may talje to themselves the ap-
pointment of electors^prevent their choice by
the people, and change the result of the elec-
tion. This is a danger to be carefully guarded
against, to be wholly removed from our elec-
toral system, not only because it contains an
element of injustice but because it may pro-
voke convulsion and civil war.
The next provision of the amendment that
Congress may prescribe the manner in which
electors shall be chosen by the people is most
important and valuable. It is true that this clause
only permits and does not require congres-
sional action, but its necessity for the intro-
duction of any reform in the manner of choos-
ing presidential electors is perfectly certain, as
will be presently shown. The objection that
because this clause will take power from the
Legislatures of the States and vest it in Con-
gress, or rather will authorize Congress to
interpose and control the action of State Legis-
latures, it will increase Federal power and
tend to consolidation, ought not to prevail
against the amendment, and that for several
reasons. In the first place, the choice of presi-
dential electors is a Federal question as much
as the choice of members of Congress, and
may properly be subjected to similar regula-
tion as to the manner in which it shall be per-
formed. In the next place, the original design
of the electoral colleges has wholly failed.
They were intended to be bodies for delibera-
tion and free choice ; in other words, to exer-
cise judgment and discretion in giving their
votes to candidates for President and Vice
President. It was expected that they would
not in form and theory merely, but in fact and
truth choose the two principal executive offi-
cials m the Government of the United States,
and it is to be noticed that the " manner1 in
which they shall choose is carefully "pre-
scribed bv the Constitution. They are to
meet on a fixed day in their respective States
and vote by ballot, for President and Vice Presi-
dent, (one of whom at least shall not be an
inhabitant of the same State with themselves,)
and shall make distinct lists of their votes,
signed and certified, and transmit them under
seal to the President of the Senate. But the
manner in which the electors themselves should
be choseu was not prescribed (or authority
conferred upon Congress to prescribe it) for
two reasons: first, because the convention did
not determine what authority should appoint
leiT' 1 ^ second, because the actual choice
of 1 resideut and Vice President was intended
to be in the colleges themselves, whose '• man-
ner" of choosing was distinctly fixed.
These considerations are now of no force.
On the contrary, when it is expressly provided
that the people shall choose the electors, and
it is understood that the colleges.shall simply
represent them and execute their will, the reg-
ulation of the manner in which the electors
shall be chosen falls, as before stated, within
the same reason wbich applies to the regula
tion of the manner of choosing Represents
lives in Congress; and it falls also within the
reasons which originally induced the regulation
of the manner in which the electoral colleges
:were to exercise their.powers. The . amend-
ment therefore is in conformity with principles
already contained in the Constitution, and does
not introduce any "portentious novelty" into
our system.
But the most important reason in favor of
this branch of the amendment remains to be
mentioned. It is absolutely necessary to secure
reform in the manner of choosing electors.
They are now chosen by general ticket in nearly
all the States, and the only practical alterna-
tive to this plan is legislative choice, which is
still worse, and struck at by the prior clause
of the amendment. Now, the general ticket
plan is very objectionable, as is well known,
and yet the States cannot change it. Theo-
retically, by virtue of an express clause of the
Constitution, the State Legislatures may direct
the manner i n which electors shall be appointed
at their pleasure, but practically.they cannot
or will not exercise that power in the direction
of reform. Always, whenever they have not
taken to themselves the power of appointing
eleetors, they have provided that they should
be elected by the people upon the general
ticket plan, aud that plan, so long as they allow
a popular vote at all the presidential elections,
they will not abolish or amend. The explana-
tion of this is not difficult, and it wiil be easily
understood by anyone familiar with our polit-
ical history and with the character of our
political parties.'
By the general ticket a political majority in
a State can wield the whole power of the State
in an electoral college, not merely a power
proportioned to their own numbers, but a power
proportioned to the joint vote of their own and
of an opposing party. They obtain not only the
power appropriate to themselves, but also the
power appropriate to their opponents or rivals.
Now it is not to be expected that a party in a
State will voluntarily surrender such an advan-
tage, though tainted with odium and injustice,
or that their representatives in the State Legis-
lature will surrender it; for it is a law of party
to obtain all the power possible, and to yield
no advantage except upon compulsion or for
adequate compensation.
But if considerations of justice and the gen-
eral good could have weight with the State
Legislatures, and overrule with them the sug-
gestions of selfish interest, still reform could
not be secured. A change in order to operate
fairly should be uniform throughout the whole
country and be applied in all the States at the
same time. But State action in the way of change
must be successive, extending over a period of
years, and would not probably be uniform or
universal. And so no State could well venture
to take the initiative, as its political majority
would make a certain sacrifice for an uncertain
or imperfect reform. If a political majority in
the Legislature of Indiana should desire to have
electors chosen by single districts they could
not afford to adopt the plan alone. For they
would discover at a glance that if other States
did not adoptit they would weaken their party
withoutany possible compensation. While they
would divide power in their own electoral col-
lege with an opposing party, that opposing
party, by holding on to the general ticket plan
in another State(Kentueky for instance) would
obtain an advantage which might determine
the general result of the presidential election.
Upon the whole, then, we must conclude that
■without an amendment of the Constitution any
reform whatever in the manner of choosing
presidential electors is impossible.
But it is said by many that the electoral
colleges should be abolished and the people be
permitted to vote directly for President and
Vice President. An amendment of the Con-
stitution to effect this purpose has been often
proposed, but has never been submitted to the
States for adoption, aud fora very good reason,
which isr that they would have rejected it.
Nor is it now possible to obtain the ratifica-
tion of sueh an amendment by three fourths
of the States. The reason is a plain one. All
the small States and all the States of second-
ary rank ate interested largely in retaining
their representation as States in the electoral
colleges. They have now each two electors
without regard to population, whereas under
the plan proposed they would be confined to
the principle of numbers and would influence
the result of an election only in proportion to
their actual votes polled. No less than twenty-
four States out of thirty-seven would lose from
about one fourth to two thirds of their present
political weight in presidential elections by the
change. This fact is decisive. Instead of rat-
ifications by three fourths of the States there
would be prompt rejections by a majoiity of
them if this proposition should be submitted.
But although the electoral colleges cannot
be abolished by constitutional amendment
they may be greatly reformed. They may be
made to represent more truly the will of the
people and the States, or of the people alone, by
an amendment of the Constitution which shall
prescribe, or-shall authorize Congress to pre-
scribe, the manner in which their members
shall be chosen. It may be provided that the
two electors of each State, commonly called
senatorial electors, who represent the principle
of State equality, shall be chosen in one man-
ner, and the remaining eleetors of the State,
who represent the principle of numbers, in
another, or that all the electors shall be chosen
in the same way. If the former plan should
be preferred the senatorial electors might be
chosen by general ticket, and then as to them
there would be no change from the present
practice. But it could be provided that the
representative electors in the one case, or all
the electors in the other, should be chosen by
single districts, or upon the principle of the
free vote. The single district plan would be a
very great improvement, and it would be free
from some of the objeciions which lie against
it when applied to the choice of Representa-
tives in Congress ; but the free vote would be
infinitely preferable to it, because it would be
more convenient, because it. would prevent
corruption, and because it would secure a more
full and just representation of the people in
the electoral colleges.
It is theopinion of the committee thatunder
their amendment as reported Congress would
be authorized only to prescribe uniform rules
for choosing eleetors; rules applicable to the
whole country and operating equally in every
State. But if this opinion should bequestioned
a slight change of phraseology in the amend-
ment would remove all doubt.
To the suggestion that Congress might attempt
itself to district the States in order to perpe-
trate party injustice there are several answers.
In the first place, it is not at all certain that
Congress would form districts more unfairly
than they would be formed by State Legisla-
tures. In the next place, it is not at all likely,
and hardly possible, that Congress would un-
dertake this work, which would be to it both
inconvenient and odious. It possesses now the
same power of controlling the manner of
choosing Representatives which it is proposed
to confer upon it in regard to choosing elect-
ors; and yet it has never undertaken to dis-
trict the States for Representative elections, in
which it is more directly interested than ill
those for eleetors. But again, if thought expe-
dient, the amendment might be modified so as
