498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
about it; but the impression I have on my mind
is that the question suggested by the honorable
Senator from New York can hardly arise. The
questions which have been raised in reference
to that matter rather refer to a tax in the na-
ture of a tax on the franchise, the exercise of
the power, the thing itself; in other words, the
power-to do that which it is permitted to do
under the charter or permission of the Govern-
ment, and not to a tax upon any property that
it may have or anything that it may use, and a
tux upon which would be in the nature of a tax
on property like all other property in the State
itself. Therefore, I do not see how the ques-
tion which the honorable Senator has suggested
could arise at all. The power under the Con-
stitution is one which is held for the purpose
of protection; and if there is no necessity for
that protection, if Congress so thinks, I should
have no question that the power might be
awarded. In other words, in granting a charter
to a company for a purpose which may be con-
sidered useful to the Government, even an
instrumentality to the Government, if it is not
exclusively an instrumentality of the Govern-
ment, there can be no difficulty whatever in
saying that that power is granted under certain
conditions and subject to certain limits and
certain-liabilities; and if the power granted is
taken advantage of by the company, if they
assent and all parties concerned assent that the
thing may be done, I cannot see that there is
any possibility -of doubt in relation to the law
on that point.
' Mr.- CONKLING. I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator from Maine whether
he holds that some object which clearly would
fall within the category to which I suppose this
might belong—I will take for illustration the
mint in a certain State—might be subjected, by
license from Congress, to State taxation. I
ask him whether in the case of a subject of tax-
ation already belonging to the instrumental-
ities of the General Government it is optional
with Congress to insist upon and preserve its
immunity from State taxation, or to waive it,
as Congress sees fit?
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. That raises an entirely
different question. I have no doubt that Con-
gress in such a case as that even, the case of
the mint, - might subject the property itself
which was used in accomplishing the purpose
of the Government, if it saw fit, to State tax-
ation. I remember that many years ago> per-
haps twenty or thirty years ago, the question
was argued before the Supreme Court of the
United States whether the custom-house and
the land on which it stood in the city in which
I reside were subject to State taxation. A tax
was imposed upon that property. I remember
it the more distinctly because at that time I was
city solicitor and I had occasion to argue the
question and present it to the district court
below. I did not argue it in the Supreme Court.
Upon that question, whether there was any
right to tax that land and the building on it,
the jurisdiction never having been conveyed,
the property being situated in our city, the
court was equally divided, and no judgment
was rendered. The city, however, waived the
right.
Now, in the case of the Mint, the power
under which it is established is one exclusively
delegated by the Constitution to Congress and
is to be exercised by the Government itself.
It has nothing to do with anything outside of
it; it is exclusively an instrumentality of the
General Government. Perhaps it would not
be competent in that case for Congress to sub-
mit the power, the right, the exercise of the
power, the exercise of the right to a State to
tax the Mint if it was exercised or carried on
within the limits of that State. That is one
question ; but I apprehend it is a very different
question when we are granting privileges and
reserving—for that is the amount of it—certain
rights to the Government of the United States,
as connected with the exercise of these privi-
leges. Wemake a corporation ; we give to that
corporation certain powers of benefit to itself
and the right to exercise them. Now, because
we do that, and the exercise of that power
results in certain benefits to the United States,
we having the right to use it to a certain
extent for our benefit, to hold that we cannot
make a bargain with the corporation and say
in the charter that we grant that they shall be
subject to certain liabilities to the States as
well as to the United States would seem to me
to be carrying the idea suggested by the hon-
orable. Senator from New York to an extreme.
Therefore, as I said before^ I think there is no
similarity between the cases.
Mr. WHYTE, Mr. President, at this point
it strikes me as very important to inquire to
whom will the property really belong after its
condemnation ? Will it belong to the corpora-
tion created by this act of Congress absolutely
in its own right, or will that corporation be a
quasi trustee of the United States? It is a
very important question, and I submit to the
Senate that in passing a bill of this kind the
language ought to be very seriously considered.
If Senators will look on page 11 of the bill,
at the sixty-seventh line of the eighth section,
.they will discover that after the condemnation
of property by a justice of the Supreme-Court
and a decree in favor of the conrgany, ''the
said corporation, its successors ami assigns,
shall be legally and equitably seized and pos-
sessed of such real estate and other property."
If it stopped there there would be no question
that the property became immediately vested
in the corporation; but these words are used :
"shall be legally and equitably seized and pos-
sessed of such real estate and other property
for and in behalf of the United States."
Mr. SHERMAN. Bead on. Head the next
clause.
Mr. WHYTE. "And to the use and for
the purpose hereinbefore described." Then
why include the name "and in behalf of" the
United States at all? Will it not hereafter
raise some question in regard to the responsi-
bility of the United States in connection with
this railway? Is it not better to leave the
property in the possession of the corporation,
if Congress has power to grant an act of incor-
poration ? Why should there be any doubtful
clauses in the bill? The property condemned
for the road is to be vested in the corporation
in the name and "for and in behalf of" the
United States, and a preceding clause provides
that the corporation, when it is necessary, shall
enter upon and take possession of real estate
in the name of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see, myself, the
slightest objection to striking out those words.
I do not think they change the legal meaning
of the language the Senator has, read, and it'
the Senator moves to strike out those words I
shall not make any objection. It cannot change
the effect of the section. I may say that this
section was copied substantially, and I think
verbatim,, from the Pacific railroad law of 1804,
where provision was made for condemning
land. If that confuses my friend from Mary-
land the words can be strickcn out. There
is, however, an amendment now pending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine to the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon.
Mr. WILLTAMS. I accept it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Oregon, as modified.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask for the reading of
the amendment.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed in lines
seven and eight of the twelfth section to strike
out the words "and no property tax shall be
levied on the property of said road at a.higher
rate pro rata than is levied ;" and in lieu
thereof to insert "but other taxes may be
levied on said road and its stockholders in the
same manner and to the same extent as taxes
are levied."
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to inquire of the
honorable Senator from Maine whether it is
the purpose to allow the stock of the company
as,such to be subjected to State taxation ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Precisely ; that is the
object; just as stock in the national banks is
subject to State taxation.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, sir, suppose Con-
gress should impose an additional tax upon
this stock, as they might do, I suppose, then it
would be subjected to double taxation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The same power that
gives this authority can take it away again if
it sees fit to do so in consequence of its desire
to levy othe  taxes for the benefit of th;s United
States.
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose there can be no
doubt about that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. None at all. As the
amendment stands now it puts this road pre-
cisely as the national banks stand ; and that is
that although the State cannot tax the fran-
chise, cannot tax the exercise of the power, or
anything of that sort, yet.it may tax the indi-
vidual who owns a certain number of shares
precisely as it does other individuals holding
property of that description. A state may tax
the banking house, for instance, or the stations
and depots and real property of the railroad
corporation, just as other property is taxed.
That is the object, and I think it is proper.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I prefer
the clause to stand as it is, rather than to alter
it. As it now stands it reads:
And no property tax shall be levied on the prop-
erty of said road at a higher rate pro rata than ig
levied by the laws of said State upon thepropcrty of
all other roads constructed in said State under the
laws thereof.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reason of the
change is this: it is very doubtful whether that
provision as it stands, being merely negative,
would be sufficient to subject this property to
State taxation. It is very clear to my mind
that it ought to be taxed to a certain extent;
and in order to accomplish it the specific
power should be given, and hence the change
that is proposed to be made. Otherwise you
may allow this great corporation to enter the
States and hold any amount of property free
of tax. A man in Maine living olf the road,
hundreds of miles from the road, may hold
stock in it and invest largely in it, and yet he
may not be subject to be taxed by his State on
that property.
Mr. HOWARD. I concur entirely with the
honorable Senator from Maine as to the pro-
priety of imposing State taxation upon the
property of this corporation. I have no ob-
jection to that; but I think that the doubt
which he speaks of does not in fact lurk in the
clause to which he refers. It seems to me the
implication is very plain that it will be the
right of the State through which the road
passes to tax the property of the corporation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In this form it is put
beyond all doubt.
Mr. HOWARD. It strikes me that the
clause does not need any such amendment. It
declares that no tax shall be levied on the
property of said road at a higher rate than is
levied by the laws of the State on the property
of all other railroads in the State. The im-
plication it seems to me is perfectly irresistible
that it contemplates State taxation and no other
taxation ex vi termini. I have no doubt my-
self that in incorporating this corporation we
can impart to it such faculties and such lia-
bilities as we see fit. We are creating an arti-
ficial being known as a corporation; and if we
have a right to constitute it at all, we have a
right to impart to it all the faculties, all the
incidents, and all the liabilities that we may
see fit. I have no doubt about that; but it
seems to me that we should not go so far as the
Senator has gone in the amendment he has
offered. I think the clausc is sufficiently plain
already.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment simply
saves all question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as modified.
