1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
501,
proportion of the Mississippi Valley, on tlieir
direct way to the Atlantic sea-board, will have
approached toward Washington as far as the
town of Staunton, in Virginia. Shall we hes-
itate, if we have the constitutional power, to
supply this last little link in the great chain of
western and southwestern communication with
the capital ?
Mr. President. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section to the bill:
And be it further enacted, That II. D. Cooke, Moses ^
Kelly, Hallet Kilbourn, D. L. Eaton, C. H. Nichols,
William Helmick, W. W. Moore, Wrigfttltives, John
0. Evans, J. H Crocker, Thomas McNamara, D. C.
i'orney, K. Acker, Esau Pickrell, J. L. Kidwoll, A.
H. Herr, and Joseph Tjibbey. of the District of
Columbia, and Lewis McKenzie, J. C. Underwood,
and Joseph Segar, of the State of Virginia, and all"
other persons who m;iy become associated th
them under this act, together with their successors,
are hereby created ami erected into a body\£orpo-
rate and politic, in deed and in law, by the name
and titleof the "National Ilaiiroad Souih," and are
hereby authorized and empowered to survey, locate,
lay out, construct, eauip, operate, use, collect tolls
upon, and enjo\ a continuous line of railroad with
one or more tracks, and a telegraph line, with the
appurtenances, Iroin the city oi Washington, ill the
District ol Columbia, to a point on the Chesapeake
and Ohio railroad, m the State ot Virginia, east of
and as near to Staunton us shall be piactioable; and
by their said corporate llame shall ha,ve perpetual
succession, and stiall be able to sue and be sued, to
picad and be impleaded, to defend and be defended
m nil courts of law and equity within the United
Sta'es, and may make and use a common seal, and
may make and 'idopt by-laws for the regulation of
its government. Said corporation shall have the
power to execute mortgages a.nd deeds of trust upon
its property and franchises, real and personal: to
borrow money and negotiate loans upon its bonds
or other securities, and is hereby vested with all
the powers necessary to carry into etfect the purposes
ofthisact. Andthesaid "NationulHailroadSouth"
shall, in the construction thereof, have all the pow-
ers aud be subject to all the restrictions, provisions,
and regulations herein prescribed as to the New
York and "Washington railroad so tar as thesauie arc
applicable.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from West
Virginia was not, in the Chamber a while ago
when, by direction of the select committee, I
moved to strike out two of the railroads con-
tained in this bill with a view to confine it to
the one railroad from Washington to New York.
As a matter of course, the Senate having
adopted that amendment, the same reason ought
to induce the Senate to refuse to put this new
railroad on this bill. I am in favor of the road
now suggested, and I know a good deal about
the Chesapeake and Ohio railroad and can
indorse much that the Senator has said, but I
hope it will not be put on this bill. The bill is
now confined simply to one road in order that
the question of the power of Congress may be
decided, and that the road of most pressing im-
portance may be left alone to stand upon its
own merits. I trust, therefore, that the Sen-
ator will not press his amendmeut.
Mr. WILLEY. As I stated, I have some
doubt about the power of Congress to charter
these corporations, and I should like to see
that matter fairly and fully tested ; and in order
that the sense ot the Senate may be ascertained,
not desiring at all to complicate the matter, if
the Senator from Ohio desires it I will with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no desire to press
this amendment, but I desire to say before the
amendment is withdrawn that if the bill is to
be confined to securing the building of a road
we do not need, and cutting off all we do need,
it shaves the bill of all that is valuable in it to
me. We are very well accommodated between
here and New York to-day, and it is the only
route we are accommodated upon. Now the
Senator from Ohio proposes to strip this bill
of everything valuable in it and confine it to a
road between Washington and New York, and
then pass it in that shape. There were some
features in the bill when it proposed to open
new routes to Washington that I thought very
desirable. 1 want several routes to Washing-
ton. and I thought the committee were going
togivc us a bill thatwould really benefit Wash-
ington," the capital of the nation. No\y, by
the direction of the committee, the Senator tells
us. he has stricken out everything except the
line from here to New York. You cannot
very much improve on the line irom here to
New York. We happen to he tolerably well
accommodated between here and New York,
and yet a new road between these two points
is the only provision there is left in the bill.
Mr._ President, in my opinion this amend-
ment is of vastly more importance than the bill
itself. The time is coming when the great
valleys of the Mississippi aud Missouri will
want to get to Washington, if Washington is to
remain anything more than a place merely for
Congressmen to assemble in. I apprehend the
time is coming when there will be some more
importance to this city than the simple fact
that it is the seat of Government for the na-
tional capital. I know of no reason why it
may not be made a commercial business city
that will invite the trade and commerce of the
great valleys of the West. If we are going to
legislate in this direction, exercising powers
that have never before been exercised, why not
do it on an enlarged and liberal scale? I do
not waut to die for what is not worth killing
me for. 1 have some doubts about the exer-
cise of this power, but if I have got to help to
pass this bill and vote for it simply to facilitate
communication between here and New York,
and cutoff communication from those sections
of the country where we need something, it is
not worth the paper on which it is written.
Sir, I am in favor of this amendment, and I
am opposed to taking out of this bill every
valuable thing in it merely to facilitate com-
munication between here aud New York, when
I undertake to say you cannot get a shorter
line than we have now got; you may improve
the running of it. But I do not know any rea-
son why wo should carry on a war against men
who are trying to accommodate us, and vvith-
diaw from this bill everything valuable in it to
open communication to other sections of the
country.
1 was going to advocate and vote for the
bill, but 1 repeat it is now stiipped of every
valuable feature except, as I said, to facilitate
commerce between Washington and NewYork;
and we have got too much commerce with New
York now. We have got none with the West,
the great heart of this country. There is no
reason m the world why we should run over to
New York any easier than we do now. We
get to New York too often by far. NewYork
is the last place we want to goto. This capital
of the nation wants to be connected with the
rest of the country and mankind, going as they
are across this continent to the Pacific. We
are building up empires in the West; and if
we are only to have communication between
New York and Washington our people will
never hear of Washington.
I insist upon having a vote on the amend-
ment of the Senator from West Virginia. I
desire to vote upon it and to test the sense of
the Senate upon it. We propose, if possible,
not only to help this city of Washington, but
to connect it with what is soon to be the great
center of population on this continent—the
valley of the Mississippi and Missouri and our
possessions beyond. X have not listened to the
clamor about removing the capital West; I do
not believe a word in it; but 1 want the West
connected with the capital, because this ought
to be a city of towering magnificence; its
shadow ought to extend over the land. Instead
of opening communications where wo have al-
ready got them, let us open some where we
need them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I only desire to say a
word in reply to the Senator from Kansas. He
has a very good way of showing his friendship
to this bill—by refusing to take it up 1 Now,
let me say to the Senator from Kansas that if
he is really desirous of passing bills to charter
railroads to Washington he must take them
one at a time.
Mr. POMEROY. Let ushave one for a road
that we need and not one that we do not need.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am in favor of all these
bills ; but Senators seriously object to the idea
of putting three or four incorporations iu one
bill; and several Senators, who were perfectly
willing to vote for either separately as a mat-
ter of the order of business utterly objected t.o
voting for so many in onebill. Wehad enough
of these combinations of various railroads in
the Pacific railroad bill to satisfy me. I gen-
erally object to having more than one object in
a bill. The Senator may be certain that if
this bill is passed another bill will bo passed
for roads making connection northward, north-
westward, and southwestward, so that all these
various railroads may be accommodated. As
a matter of course I am in favor of the prop-
osition of the Senator from West Virginia;
but 1 do not think it ought to be added to this
bjll. Let each of these bills staud on its own
merits.
If the Senator says we have communication
enough with New York, let him vote against
the bill, as he would have done at any rate.
1 did not expect he would vote for it., as a
matter of course. There is no railroad com-
petition between Washington and New York.
There is a vital necessity for competition. If
the Senator docs not wish another road to New
York, as a matter of course lie will vote against
the bill. I will vote for the proposition of
the Senator from West Virginia as a separate
measure; I will vote for, and hope yet to see,
a line constructed on the only natural route
from Washington westward: that is, to the
Point of Rocks, and thence by way of Cum-
berland to Pittsburg. One of the last sec-
tions in this bill provided for a line of railroad
to reach the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad,
the very one now suggested by the honorable
Senator from West Virginia. If the Senate
should choose to put these bills together I am
perfectly willing to vote for them all together,
although X thiuk, as a matter of legislative
policy, it would be better to pass them one at
a time.
Mr. FREL1NG1IUYSEN. 1 move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the honorable
Senator to allow me to offer my amendment
and let that be pending, and then X will renew
the motion for an adjournment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the motion
withdrawn ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. X now renew the amend-
ment, that I offered.
Mr. POMEROY. Igive notice to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that I shall renew the propo-
sitions forthe construction of these other roads
to-morrow and press them to a vole. 1 am in
favor of every one of them.
The PRESIDE NTpro tempore. The Chair
will inquire of the Senator from West Virginia
whether he has withdrawn his amendment?
Mr. W1LLEY. I am informed by several
Senators that although they are in favor of
this proposition, yet if I insist upon attaching
it, to this bill they will be constrained by con-
siderations satisfactory to themselves to vote
against it. 1 therefore withdraw it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now renew the amend-
ment that X offered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn?
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REI'RESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 21, 1809.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
APPOINTMENT OF MIDSHIPMKN.
Mr. NOBRIS, from the Committee oil Re-
construction, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1751)
in relation to the appointment of midshipmen
fiom the lately reconstructed States; which
j was read a first and second time.
j The bill was reported. It directs the Sec-
j rotary of thu to make appointments of
