THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
February 22,
Twelfth amendment:
Oh page 8, strike out line twelve, as follows:
For salary of three aids, $4,000.
The Committee on" Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirteenth ameftdalent:
After line twelve, on page 8,'insert the following
now paragraph; .
For salary of first assistant astronomer, $1,800.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend noA:cohcurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
fourteenth amendment:
Insert the following new paragraph : ,
3?or salary of second assistant astronomer, $1,600.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in,
Fifteenth amendment.
Insert the following new paragraph:
For salary of third assistant astronomer, $1,300.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend nori-coneurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment.
On page8, inline fiftoen, strike out"$20,500" and
insert " $16,200;" so that the paragraph will read as
follows: •
J?or preparing for publication the Amerioan Nau-
tical Almanac, namely, for pay of computers and
clerk, $16,200.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
After line fifteen, on page 8, insert the following
new paragraph:
For observation of the eclipse of thesun in August,
under the direction of the superintendent of the
Nautioal Almanac, $5,000, or so much thereof as may
be ueoessary,
The Committee rfn Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrenee.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
After line sixteen, on page 9, insert the following
now paragraph:
For erecting suitahleframebuildlng and mounting
transit circlo in it, $5,000.
The Committee ou Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence,
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
On page 8, after line eighteen, insert the following
new paragraph:
For deepening the entrance to the harbor of Mid-
way Island, m the Pacific ocean, so as to afford a safo
rendezvous and port of rofugo and resort for the
naval and merchant vessels of the United States,
$50,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary, to
be expended under the diroetion of tho Secretary of
the Navy, if in his judgment, after a preliminary
examination,ho shall deem such expenditure expe-
dient.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrenee.
Mr. SPALDING-. This appropriation has
been inserted in the Senate to pay for deepen-
ing the channel into the harbor of a little coral
island in the Pacific ocean about midway be-
tween San Francisco and Japan. It is said
to be the only point on the direct passage from
San Francisco to Japan and China where ves-
sels, and especially steamers, can stop. It is
said to be very important to the steamship
company that we employ to carry our mails,
and may hereafter be very important perhaps
to vessels of the Navy as a coaling station.
It is said to be susceptible of being made a
fine harbor at a very little expense. This ap-
propriation of $50,000 is asked in order to
deepen the mouth of this harbor, which is sur-
rounded by coral reefs, so that our naval ves-
sels drawing twenty-four or twenty-five feet of
water can enter it.
I he Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence more for the purpose
of getting information, I now leave it to the
sense of the Committee of the Whole to say
whether the appropriation shall be concurred
in or not. The United States have t&en
possession of the island, and probably have
the right to make this improvement.
Mr: HI(JBY. Mr. Chairman, this, is an
amendment of great importance to th'e com-
merce of the Pacific. It is called for by all
the interests connected with the commerce of
our coast. It is a subject which has been
agitated considerably, and Congress is looked
to for the making of a good harbor at the point
named by the member from Ohio.- It is a little
more than half way between San Francisco
and Japan. The distance across is five thou-
sand miles, that is between oar coast and A«ia,
the nearest point to'Which our commerce goes.
It is a great stretch of ocean'. Here is a har- ;
bor sufficiently large to aceon5,mfecfate our naval'
and commercial vessels provided the mouth be
deepened. It is. not only an important point
for coaling, but a good point for our naval ves-
sels to, go to for repairs, It is in the line of our
commerce between San Francisco and China
and Japan and the British possessions on the
coast of Asia. I understand that the steamers
which ply between California and China sight
these islands almost every trip.
Now, sir, within the last year thirty vessels
laden with wheat from San Francisco have
crossed the Pacific ocean to the various ports
in China and Japan. ' This is but the begin-
ning of a commerce which is growing up in
that ocean. These islands have been formally
taken possession of and surveyed, and it has
been ascertained that we can have a good har-
bor here if the mouth be deepeued. The great-
est depth of water is eighteen feet, but twenty-
four or twenty-five feet is needed for our large
steamers. From the report of the Secretary
of the Navy it appears that this appropriation
of $50,000 is required to secure that depth of
water. It is essential to the commerce of the
Pacific that this harbor should be deepened.
I hope, therefore, that the amendment of the
Senate will be concurred in. If the Commit-
tee on Appropriations had investigated the
subject I $m sure they would have reported in
its favor.
Mr. AXTELL. I will say to the committee,
Mr. Chairman, that the Lackawanna, the naval
vessel sent to make the examination of these
islands, has made a survey and given us a chart
of this harbor and its entrance. There is now
not less than eighteen feet of water, but it
could be deepened by blasting away certain
coral mounds or reefs. I think 1 am justified
in saying that a majority of the Committee on
Appropriations, since they have obtained fur-
ther information, are in favor of this appropri-
ation. Our minister to China, J. Ross Browne,
has taken great interest in this subject and has
written and telegiaphed in reference to it. In-
deed, every one who has looked into the matter
must consider this as a providential discovery.
It is the only island, except by purchase, that
we have ever taken possession of. It is a coral
reef, not volcanic, and therefore not in danger
of rising and sinking into the ocean.
Mr. lUGBY. 1 ask my colleague to yield
to have J. Ross Browne's letter read.
Mr. AXTELL. I yield for that purpose.
The Clerk read as follows :
Legation of the United States,
Pekin, November 18, 1888.
Sik: I take great pleasure in transmitting to you
a very interesting communication from Mr. George
F. Seward, United States consul general at Shang-
hai, in relation to Brooks Islands and the importance
of making them available as a stopping place for
vessels plying between California, and the coasts of
China and Japan.
The want of a convenient coaling station for steam-
ers and place of resort for vessels requiring repairs
in the loose stretch of ocean between San Francisco
and Yokohama has become a serious detriment to
commerce. There is also a growing necessity for a
naval depot within a convenient distance of the two
great shore-lines of the North Pacific. Our inter-
course with eastern nations is rapidly extending, and
will doubtless in a few years penetrate all parts of
the Asiatic continent.
There m ay be o tb er islands possessing much greater
attractions than those mentioned by Mr. Seward, and
it is quite possible one or more may be found suffi-
ciently near tho track of navigation to meet existing
emergencies, and capable besides of supplying wood
ami water; but in the meantime Brooks Islands are
known, and their capacity has been to some extent
tested and approved.
I fully concur with Mr. Seward in his estimate of
the geographical advantages of these islands, and
the expediency of some action on the part of our
Government by-which they may bo mado available
for naval and commercial purposes.
I have the honor to be, very rc.^pcctfully, your obe-
dient servant,
J. BOSS BROWNE.
Mr. AXTELL. I would call the attention
of the committee to one very simple fact in
connection with the necessity of our entering
in earnest upon this great struggle to secure
immediately'the passenger travel and the light
traffic of Asia. This great prize will not be given
up by Europe without a tremendous struggle.
Alreaidy a railroad, as we learn, is being pro-
jected through Asia to contend with us for the
prize that seems now falling into our hands.'
We can readily understand the value of a sta-
tion for coaling for ships of the capacity ne-
cessary to attract that traffic, much of it already
comingup from India, many of the wealthy resi-
dents of the East preferring to cross even now
by'our splendid steamships to San Francisco-
by way of Panama, and when our road is com-
pleted they will be able to avail themselves of
that privilege. How important., then, becomes
this possession in mid-ocean, where the flag of
our great nation can be seen, where coal can
be obtained, where repairs can be made, and
where, as we come up on that long voyage,
there will be something for the eye to rest upon,
some place of refuge and safety. With this
little sum of $50,000 to deepen the harbor we
make a beginning, at least, of that great im-
provement.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I pray
the attention of the committee while I exam-
ine for a moment this island, which, if we have
listened with care to what has been said here,
would almost seem to be one of the islands of
the blest. It is an island of sand, three quarters
of a mile broad and a mile and half long, on
which no living thing except a bird or a sailor
even by accident ever put his foot. We have
discovered it, and I reckon we have a right to
it, so that whether we expend $50,000 or not
it will always be ours. Sueh an island so exca-
vated in the middle of the Pacific ocean, a
chart of which 1 have here, is very appropri-
atelynamed " Welles'sharbor" and "Seward's
road," and so it will go down to all time.
The question is whether, using the language
of my friend from California, we shall make a
beginning with $50,000. Make this beginning
and there will be no ending to the expense of
fitting up—what? Simply fitting up a coaling
station for the Pacific Mail Steamship Com-
pany. If they want that coaling station let
them do, exactly as every company in like
position has done, fit up one for themselves.
•This is the beginning of a new policy. We
have yet made no naval station in far-off islands
or in further-off seas. This is about twenty-
eight hundred miles from the Pacific coast, and
the question is whether to-night, without exam-
ination or any information except a letter of
Ross Browne, inclosing a fetter of George F.
Seward, we are going to make a beginning by
appropriating the first $60,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman if
this desolate island has not been topograph-
ically surveyed, and if a chart has not been
made out?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
I have the chart here. It has been surveyed
topographically, and why should it not be? It
is only three quarters of a mile wide and a mile
and a half long. A man can make a topograph-
ical survey of it with a pair of dividers.
Mr. MAYNARI). Was not that done by
the Government?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
it was not done by the Government. It was
done by the steamer Lackawanna, that went
out there by the Navy Department. A hydro-
graphical survey has not yet been made. They
depend for a harbor on a wall or a coral reef
which extends around the island on one side,
and then there is a small basin on the inside.
When I was interrupted I was about saying
that my friend from California says that it will
be a good harbor for small vessels. If it will,
then it is a g'ood one now. There is a depth
at the entrance of eighteen feet', as deep as the
