1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
40th Cong..,.3d
Claim, of. Miss Sue Murphey—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
carry out the popular vote and is not a faithful re-
flex of public opinion, and tbat therefore it should
be modified or discontinued.
"Take the first ease that occurs in this table
•where the popular vote appears, the vote in tbeelec-
tion oi 1S24: General Jackson received 152,899 re-
ported votes and John Qatney Adam? only 105,321,
yet by this mode of macuinery the public will was
violated and Adams chosen.
"The next elect ion, (1828,) while the popular major-
ity for Jackson was 187,870 in a total vote of 1,162,180,
his electoral majority was 95 in,a total vote of 261;
that is, the popular ratio was as 1 to 8, the electoral
majority was as 1 to 21, a ratio three times greater.
*' In the next election (1832) this disparity appears
stiU more glaring. While Jackson's popular major-
ity was 137,313 in a total voto of 1,237,691, or as 1 to
9, bis electoral majority was 170, a ratio seven times
gr"lnVhe next election (1836) the popular majority
for Van Burcn was but2,608in a total vote of 1,541,318,
while the electoral majority was 124 in a total vote
of 294; that is to say the ratio of the majority of the
popular vote was but 1 to 6O0  while the ratio of the
electoral majority was less than 1 to 6, a ratio 100 as
great.
"In the election of1840Harrison'spopularmajority
was 145,900 in a total poll of 2,402,506, a ratio of 1 to
16, while his electoral majority was 174 in a vote of
294, or nearly ten times greater than the popular
majority.
"In the next, election (18J4i Polk received buUU.OOO
majority in a total of 2,620,950. or 1 in 900. while his
electoral vote was 65 out-of 275, or 1 to 4—200 times
the popular Tote. .
" In 1848 General Taylor was m a minority of the
popular vote: his rote being 1,362,242, and Cass ana
Van Buren had 1,515,178; and .yet ho received a
majority of the electoral votes, .
" In 1852 Piereo's popular majority was 202,008, m
a total vote of over 3,000,000. a ratio of 1 to lo, while
his electoral majority was 192 outof 296 votes, aratio
ten times as great. .
"In 1856Mr. Buchanan wasin a. minority ot the pop-
ular vote, lie received 1,838.229. .vhile the vote of
Fremont anil Fillmore was 2,216,789; and yet he
received a majority of the electoral votes.
" In 1860 Mr. Lincoln was in a minority of nearly
a million "t popular votes, lie received a total vote
of 1,866.152, while the vote of Douglas, Breckinridge,
and Bell combined was 2,813.741; and yet Mr. Lin-
eoln received a majority of 123 in an electoral vote
Of 303 This election deiuonstratesin amostconclu-
jrive manner the fallacy of the electoral mode and
tbi popsib'e misrepresentation under it of the popu-
lar wi 1. Lincoln received 180 votes and Douglas
only 12 out of 303 electoral votes. In the popuiar
vote Lincoln received 1,866,452, while Douglas re-
ceived 1.375.157 votes. , _
" In 1861 Lincoln received 2,223,03o and McClellan
received 1.811,754 of the popular vote, while m the
■Electoral College Lincoln reeeived212 votesand Ho-
Ciellxn received 21; aratio of 22 to lb in ono case to
W"In the^as^tpresidential election (1868) Grant re-
ceived a popular majority of 309,716 in a total o{
5,722,990; a ratio of about 10 to 9, while his majority
ot electoral votes was 131 in a total ot 294; a ratio of
13"This analysis, carefully made, proves beyond all
cavil and error that there is no analogy or commu-
nity between the vote as expressed by the lileetoi al
College and thewill of the people as expressed at the
Soils In every case they differ. Hence the mode
by electors is uufair, since ii misrepresents the pop-
ular will. Justico and truth demand its modihca-
tion or abolition. By this cumbersome and circum-
locutory process tlie electors may be compelled to
elect a candidate rejected by the people or reject a
candidate accepted by the people. The defeat of
General McClellan was complete, for be carried only
threo States-Delaware, Kentucky, and New Jersey.
The whole electoral vote was 233, of which a majority
necessary for a choice was li7. Now, a change m the
popular vote of thirty-five thousand from Lincoln s
would have changed the vote of every'State men-
tioned below, and carried their full electo"l
These added to the vote he had received would have
elccted General McClellan. 1 ,
L\ncohv8
States. popular
majority.
New Hampshire    £$*2
lthode Island  5,63-
Connectieut   
New York  6.r50
Pennsylvania 
Maryland  '■«£
Indiana  llw
Oregon 
Nevada 
Kentucky   )
Now Jersey  f
Delaware J
Total  2^2
" The change of 50.000 popular votes in New York
in 1848 from Taylor to Cats, or giving ono halt <>  tte
votes thrown away upon \ an Buren .ru t0
have thrown the 36 electoral votes of New
Cass and elected liiui. , ,,  . „iQ(,inrnl
"We have shown thit bv the P"®ent *1leetoral
system a person may be made President by re
iug a majority of the electoral votes who is m a
minority before the people. We ha*® ti n
Lincoln, in 1860, in a popular minority ot more than
a million of votes, swept the Electoral College by an
overwhelming majority; that Douglas, who received
a popular vote equal to two thirds of Lincoln's, re-
ceived only one fifteenth ot his electoral vote: that
Breckinridge, who was 500,000 rotes behind Douglas,
received six times as many votes in the Electoral Col-
lege, and Bell, who was 800,000 votes of *he people
behind Douglas, received thrice bis number of eleet-
oi al votes.
*' Can any demonstration be more complete and
satisfactory as to the utter uselessness and impolicy,
if not injustice and iniquity, of the present mode ox
election by electoral colleges ?
"Thisdefectin the machinery of our, Government
has been long seen by the statesmen of the nation.
General Hamilton, one of the fraraers of the Consti-
tution. acknowledges of this mode that it was ob-
jectionable; and when thfr amendment ot 1804 was
adopted be proposed another, as follows :
" 'To divide each State into districts canal to the
whole number of Senators and Representativcsfrom
each State in the Congress of the United States, and
said districts to be as equal in population as possi-
ble,and, if necessary, of parts of counties contiguous
to each other, except where there may be some de-
tached portion of territory not sufficient oi itseii to
form a distinct, which then shall be annexed to some
other district/ .
"Thomas H. Benton,during his thirty years in t ?e
Senate, again and again brought this subject before
Congress.
"General Jackson, in his first annual message,
urged an amendment to the Constitution to secure
the election of the President by a direct and imme-
diate vote of the people. This he repeated mtive
subsequent messages. In his message ot 1829 he
Sa^ ' To (lie people belong the right of electing their Chief
Magistrate. It never was designed that their choice
in any ease should be defeated, either by the inter-
vention of electoral colleges or by tho agency cou-
fided in certain contingencies to the House ot -ftpp-
resentatives. I therefore would recommend such an
amendment to the Constitution as rrav remove all
intermediate agency in the election of President and
Vice President/ " _ , P
** President johnson, m 184o, when a member ot
the House, and in 1860, when a Senator in Congress,
urged similar views. As President, in a message to
Congress, dated July 18.1888, he fully sets forth the
injustice and inequality of the present mode, as
virtually denying the right of every citizen of the
United states possessing the constitutional qaUtiea-
tions to become a candidate for high omce. and also
denying the right of caeh qualified voter in the nation
to vote for the person hedeems most worthy ana well
^Senator Wade, of Ohio, now President the
Senate, at a recent session brought this question as
to a direct vote of the people tor President before
the Senate, and deiendrd the position by an able
argument. In a recent debate on benator iiuCK.v-
lew's amendment the present mode of electors was
denounced by Senator Sumner and others as cum-
bersome, effete, and inconvenient. Tne scene which
occuned recently in the counting ot the electoral
votes in tho joint convention of both Housesot Con-
gress show* that the system must be altered. Mi.
Milder, of Pennsylvania, introduced recently Ueb-
ruary 8.1869) an amendment to the Constitution to
allow the qualified voters of the respective States to
vote directly for President. The amendment to the
Constitution (Article XVI) of Senator Mokton,
adopted by the Senate February 9 13t>9, is a propo-
sition in the right direction—that the people shall
seleet electors, and not tho Legislatures, and that
Congress shall have the power to prescribe the man-
ner in which such electors shall be chosen by the
Elect*
oral
votes.
33
26
13
121
'^Connected intimately with (his subjectas auseful
remedy for tho evils of the present system is the re-
form proposed by Senator Buckalew, of cumulative
voting, which is that where there arc rnoic persons
than ono to be chosen the voter shall posse.s as
many votes as there are persons tobocnosen,
voter may bestow his votes at hisd.scretion upon the
whole number of persons to bp chosen, or upon a less
number, cumulating his votes upon one, two, three,
or any number less than thewhole. lhe '*Tj tra-
duced into Parliament as early as ISol, by Lord John
Russell is nearly similar; that m certain constitu-
encUs Which return three members to Parliament
eaclfvotor should bo allowed only to vote for two.
This plan was adopted in 1867, and is now the 'aw oi
EH:iS"s ssk&WK;
dMed in the Senate January 13, 1869. by Senator
Riipk u.r.v." and commended by B *rl (*rey in his work
on ParUTmenUiry Reform.' The more these works
we«tudi«Uho more clearly will appear the perfect
fea^biltv'of the plan, and its transcendent advan-
• mm The allied plan of personal representation
LT Uo beenhighly commended. As presented by
Mr Hare in an elaboratework.it contains another
; tliit those who did not like the local can-
SSlin or politics.
"The natural tendency of representative govern-
ments, in the opinion of Mr. Mill, is to collective medi-
ocrity. This will be increased the more the elective
franchise is extended. Edmund Burko was repudi-
ated by the electors of Bristol in 1780, lorPaHinmuut,
for liis advocacy ot' the cause of tho American colo-
nies. He was, however, returned by another con-
stituency, and continued daring life in P.wliamcrt.
contribating to its debates and to the glory of the
nation. In contrast to this, William R. Davie, who
had been a gallant and successful officer m the war.
Governor of the State, (1793,) envoy extraordinary
to France. (1799,) was defeated in the popular elec-
tions in North Carolina when a candidate for Con-
gress and for the Legislature by individuals without
extraordinary merit or talent. ' . ,
"There is hardly a State of ourXJmon in wbicn the
congressional districts are not gerrymandered in the
interest of party. This odds to the deterioration ot
our"public service, so that Mr. Mill declares it is an
admitted fact that in the American democracy, which
is constructed on this faulty model, the highly culti-
vated members of the community, except such as
are willing to sacrifice their own judgment and con-
science to the behestsof party and become the servile
echo of those who are inferiors in knowledge, do
not allow their names as candidates for Congress
or the Legislatures, so certain it is they would be
defeated."
February, 1869.
Claim of Miss Sue Murphey.
SPEECH OP HON. GARRETT DAYIS,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the United States Sesate,
January 1, 1869.
The Senate having under consideration the bill to
pay the claim of Miss Sue Murphey for damages to
her property during the rebellion
Mr. DAVIS said:
Mr. President : I do not mean to discuss at
length the important bill before the Senate, or
the great principles which it involves. I have
not bestowed that labor in examining this im-
portant subject which it merits; and if I had
had the time and the disposition I confess my
incapacity to do the work as the importance of
the measure demands. I shall therefore not
attempt to enter into any elaborate discussion
of it. In the Committee on Claims I agreed
that this bill should be reported, and in its
principle it had the full sanction of my judg-
ment; and I believe it is both a measure of
hio-h justice and the truest policy, and m both
aspects it should receive the favorable con-
sideration of the Senate.
As I understand the case, Miss Murphey is a
resident of the State of Alabama, and was
during and before the war. She lives in the
town of Decatur. The rebels previous to the
taking of her property by our Army for its
necessary and proper use held possession and
sway of the particular district of country in
which her property was situated. But before
the property was taken the rebels had been
driven away, not only from Decatur, but from
the country contiguous to it for a considerable
distance aiound. _
Their military power m part of Alabama
had been so struck and scattered by the Union
Army as to render it wholly improbable that
they should ever return to possess themselves
 n„.oh,n The military commander
a^ain of Decatur. The military commander
o? the United States conceived that las duty
and a proper regard for the military serviea
of the country required him to fortify De
catur A fort was erected ; and in the course
of constructing that fort H became neces-
sary to use materials, and to obtain these
materials in part it was deemed necessary and
expedient to demolish the res.dence and other
buildings of Miss Murphey, and to appropriate
the materials to the construction of the fori.
There was also another object of con-nderab.e
importance, amounting, also, to a military
necessity. The fort was so close to ihe hmis^
and other buildings of Miss Murphey that if left
standing they would have afforded some cover
for the rebels if they should attempt to re-
no^ess themselves of Decatur; and, according
to the common suggestions of military caution
and military administration, the houses were
