504
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
waycounty, «rid whetherthe persons voting for
Mr. Switzler in: that, county had a right to vote
under the law of Missouri. This i believe .to
be true, and also for myself believe that the con-
stitution and law.of the State of Missouri are
such as that State had a right to make, and are
valid and binding, and if i.could see from the
evidence in this case that there .had been .no
legal registration in thafecounty, or that persons
had voted for Mr. Switzler who had' na legal
right to vote under the constitution and laws
of Missouri in sufficient numh&r to have given
him the majority apparent from the returns, I
should have no hesitation in'Voting against his
right to a seat in this House. And I ad mit also
that no man had .a right to vote at that election
in that district who was not legally registered as
a voter.; and this brings before us the only re-
maining question in the case, which is, Does the
evidence disclose such a state of facts as will
warrant this House in declaring that there was
no legal registry of voters in Callaway county,
or that persons who had no legal right to vote,
equal in number to the majority received by
Mr. Switzler, did actually vote for him at that
election?
Before considering the evidence upon the
point in regard to those disqualified1 under the
law, there are three facts which I will state and
which are undisputed, and which ought to be
considered in determining the question:
First. The' G-overnor who appointed the
superintendent of registration for Callaway
county and the superintendent appointed were
the political friends of the sitting member; the
whole machinery of registration was in their
hands.
Second. There wasnoactnal forcc or violence
used in any registration district in that county
in connection with the registration of the voters.
Third. Bach person registered was required
to take the following oath :
" r. A B, do solemnly swear- that I am well ac-
■luuiiitoil with the terms of the third section of the
see and aTtioleof the constitution of the State of Mis-
sourj, adopted in tho year 1885, and have oarefuliy
considered the same; that I have never, directly or
indirectly, done any of the acts in said section speci-
fied: that I have always been truly and loyally on
the side of tho United States against all enemies
thoreof, foreign and domestic; that X will ever bear
true faith and Allegiance to the United States, and
willMpporttheConstltution and laws thereof as tho
supreme law of tho land, a.ny law or ordinance of any
Sfato to tho contrary notwithstanding; (hat T will
to the best, of mv ability protect anddefendthetlnion
of the United States, and. not allow the sauie to be
broken op and dissolvedor the Government thereof
to be destroyed or overthrown under any circum-
stances if in my power to brovent it; that I will sup-
port the constitution of the State of Missouri, and
that I make this oath without any montal reservation
or evasion, and hold it to be binding on me."
The only legitimate proof that men were
registered who were not legal voters would be
proof showing in such case that they were so
disqualified. Such proof is given in perhaps
a dozen cases, certainly not more. The regis-
tration may be shown to bo illegal in one of
tivo ways: first, by showing that the registry
lists have not been authenticated and returned
according to law j and second, by showing
that, although the listsy/ere returned and were
properly certified, yet that the officers certify-
ing erred in judgment in determining.who were
entitled to be registered or wereguilty of fraud
.in registering the voters or in making the re-
turns. It was not claimed before the commit-
tee in this case that the evidence shows that
the registry lists of Callaway county were not
properly certified and duly returned to the
secretary of State, and the only question left
is, is it shown that persons were registered as
voters who had no legal right to be so regis-
tered or to vote under the laws of Missouri?
It is claimed that there wassuch a state of feel-
ing in that county at the time the registration
was made that the officers were intimidated,
and did not and could aot obtain evidence-to
ascertain who were and who were not entitled
to be registered, and were afraid to refuse to
register those whom they kaewto ie loyal.
The proof actually made upon this questionis
as follows; the superintendent of registration
for Callaway county, in addition to the certifi-
cate required by law, appended,to the registered
list the following;
And I hereby further certify.that the- registration
law in its letter and spirit was not carried out in any
one of the election districts of said county; that such
a system of intimidation and threatening was carried
on.by the disloyal, and those opposed to the law, as
to deter loyal men from undertaking tile registra-
tion in most of the election districts, and was conse-
quently intrusted to men who most shamefully disre-
garded the law.
In tho few districts where mon.could, he had who
were willing to register according to the law there
was such intimidation and threatening used as to
deter those who were willing to. make objections to
those th.cy knew not to be entitled to registration as
qualified voters, and, as a consequence, the law could
not and was not carried out; as the certificates hereto
appended show.
Given under my hand this December 12.1866.
WILLIAM H. THOMAS,
Supervisor of Megistration
for Callaway county, Missouri.
This certificate was given in a matter about
which the law did not require him to certify,
and has precisely the same effect as evidence
as the unsworn statement of any other man,
and no more: • No rule of evidence ever admit-
ted before any tribunal could give any effect
whatever to such a certificate. It was in the
power of the superintendent of registration and
the revising board to have withheld their certifi-
cates from the registry lists, and their duty to
do so if they had legal evidence that the same
were not legally prepared ; but, having once
appended the certificate which authenticated
th# list, they could not invalidate it by an author-
ized certificate. Before returning the list,
Thomas made entries against the names of seven
hundred and thirty persons registered as qual-
ified voters. Thomas had no right to make such
entries upon the list. They were not made in
the performance of any duty imposed upon him
by the laws of Missouri. Upon what evidence
did he make these entries—upon his own knowl-
edge or upon common fame? Certain it is that
the law of Missouri did not give to Mr. Thomas
the right to determine any such question by
his certificate, or without giving to the parties
interested the opportunity to bo heard before
their right to vote was thus summarily determ-
ined ; and notwithstanding all that he knew
or believed concerning these he allowed their
names to remain upon the lists as qualified
voters.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman if
lie is not aware that the laws of Missouri re-
quire the Governor to make out the form of
the registration list, and that in pursuance of
that law he made the precise form that is used
in this case with that column for remarks ;
and that the registration officer was required
by law to make these remarks?
Mr. COOK. It is not my understanding of
the law of Missouri that it confers any rights
whatever upon the superintendent of registra-
tion to make any such entry against the name
of any man.
Mr. UPSON. I would like to ask this ques-
tion ; if the names of every one of these per-
sons whose vote is objected to in that registra-
tion list, being marked as disloyal or otherwise,
were stricken out or not counted would it still
affect the result? Would not Mr. Switzler be
still elected ?
Mr. COOK. Mr. Switzler would still be
elected if the votes of every one of these men
against whose names these entries were made
bv Mr. Thomas were stricken out; it would
still leave Mr. Switzler several hundred ma-
jority.
Mr. MILLER. By what majority would it
elect him ?
Mr. COOK. There were 730 of these men.
and Mr. Switzler's majority, counting the vote
of Callaway county, was 1,120; so that lie
was elected by several hundred majority.
There is one other fact to which I-wish to
call the attention of the House, and that is that
although these marks were made on the regis-
tration list by the superintendent of registra-
tion, yet the names of these men were by" the
superintendent and the other officers of the
board allowed to remain upon thelistas prop-
erly qualified voters.- Now, there is one point
of view which is entirely conclusive upon this
question. When the supervisor of registration
registered, against the'name of O. O. Atkinson,
" enrolled .disloyal in 1862 ; required to take
the oath of allegiance "—when he made that
remark opposite to his name, if he had the
right at that time to pass upon the question
he ought to have refused to allow the name
to remain as that of a qualified voter upon
the registry list; or if he had no right to
determine that question, then'he had no right
to make the entry upon the list. It seeius to
be certain if he bad not any right to pass upon
the question or to make the entry upon the
list, then it is no evidence; if he had a right to
pass upon the question, then it was to him in-
suffieientevidence, from the fact that he allowed
the name to remain upon, the registry list as
that of a legal voter.
Mr. GRAVELY. Tn regard to that point I
would like to ask the gentleman a question.
Mr. COOK. I will yield for a question.
Mr. GRAVELY. I would ask whether the
testimony does not show that the superintend-
ent of registration swears himself that he was
compelled to put that man's name there for
fear of his life?
Mr. COOK. The superintendent of regis-
tration did not put the man's name there at
all; it was put there by another officer. He
does not swear to any such thing He could
not swear to it; for he did not register the man,
and it- was not lawful for him to register him.
He was rejected by an assistant register whom
he appointed for that purpose.
The testimony of Mr. Thomas will be found
in Miscellaneous Document, No. 39, com-
mencing on page 19. He swears as follows :
" I was appointed supervisor of Callaway county
after the resignation of Judge Ansell.
"Question. Uidyou appoint the township registrars?
"Answer. I appointed two of them only.
"Question. By whom were the others appointed?
'^Answer. By Thomas Ansell.
"Question. State whatdifficulties, if any, you bad in
the execution of the registry law ?
"Answer. I had somo difficulty in getting men to
serve as registrars whom I thought would faithfully
carry out the law, but after the work cominenccd I
had no difficulty, as I had nothing to do with it.
"Qwstion. Did you certify the lists of registration
up to the secretary of State?
"Answer. I gave the certificates that were ap-
pended to the registration.
"Question. Jn certifying to the secretary of State
copies of registration of the different townships in
the county,-under the head of remarks, in designat-
ing persons as disloyal, as under bonds for disloyalty,
and for other disqualifications as voters, upon whu«
evidence did you act?
"Answer. In casesof bonded persons I took it from
a. list furnished me from the adjutant general's office;
thoso under the head of remarks who were desig-
nated as enrolling disloyal were taken from an en-
rollment made by Colonel Iirekel in 1862; under the
head of other remarks there were very few of them.
The remarks made of this last class were made upon
my own knowledge, or facts generally admitted."
In other words, common fame!
"Question. Were these lists of disloyal persons made
by Colonel Krekel.or copies of them furnished to tho
registrars?
"A nswer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Were persons upon these lists as dis-
loyal registered as qualified voters?
"Answer. I answor, yes; in the county about five
hundred.
"Question. Was there a proper enforcement of the
registry law in Callaway county?
"Answer. It seems to me as though every man
ought to know it was not.
"Question. State whether there was a system of
intimidation in this county to deter officers of regis-
tration from properly enforcing the registry law?
Answer. Before the commencement of the regis-
tration there was a great deal of talk against the
registration law, and threats that it should not be
carried out, which created what I call a system of
intimidation that deterred many men from under-
taking the registration who were disposed to taiih-
i-uny carry out the law,^
Question. What advice was. given to the people
concerning the law by the Conservative press, speak-
ers, and candidates for office?
"Answer. Their advice was somewhat various:
some advised confederate soldiers to open polls of
their own; others advised their friends to go and
take the oath and demand their right to vote, and
vote, conveying the idea to my mind that they must
u Peaeeably if they could and forcibly if they
could not. A great many persons advised the taking
of the oath and registering, holding it to be uncon-
stitutional and of no force."
In his cross-examination he testifies as fol-
lows:
Question. In your certificate to tlve secretary of
State, December 12,1866, you stated that there ' was
