1450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February -2'2,
tlemen before tbe-«ojfimittee claimed for this
island was as a coaling station-.
Bat I was stating the expenses which would
probably have to be incurred hereafter. In a
short time we must fortify that island if we
are going to hold it: we must have soldiers
swuioned there to protect it and guard the in-
terests of our commerce. All these expenses
must follow.
Mr. SPALDING". Will the gentleman yield
to me now? - - •
Mr. 8COFIELD. Yes, sir,
Mr. SPALDING. Admiral Fletcher, in the
report which i hold in my hand, says that there
is an inexhaustible supply of pure 'drinking
water at Welles's harbor.
Mr. SC0F1ELD. I understand that the
water there is of a very poor quality, which
cannot be used for drinking; that rain water
mustbecaughtin reservoirs and thus preserved
to supply the ships that may need it.
Mr. HIGBY. The gentleman will allow me
to say that at the navy-yard at Mare Island,
California, the whole supply of water till within
the last few years has been rain water. I have
drank it tliere myself.
Mr. SC0F1ELD. I am not saying that
rain-water may not serve for drinking water.
J only say that we shall have to build on this
island reservoi*& for receiving this rain water.
If 1 understand the gentleman from California,
[Mr. IIigby,] he agrees with me on that point.
Mr. HIGBY. No, sir; I was only stating
what was until recently the condition of Mare
Island as to water. I understand as to the
island now under discussion that fresh water
is found there.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Chairman, if we make
this small appropriation now we ought to be
prepared to follow it up with an appropriation
t.o make the island useful to us, to make it not
only a coaling butamilitary station. It will lead
to an expenditure of not less than $1,000,000.
The question is whether in our present finan-
cial condition we ought to embark in this new
expenditure.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. Painsobtained the HooJ ; butyieldedto
Mr. AXTELL, who said: I wish-to say a
word by way of explanation. From the survey
and examination made by the officers of the
steamer Lackawanna it appears as follows:
"Water was found in several instances "by digging
from four tosoven feet, which, after standing a little
tiuio to dopositbedimenlary matter, became potable."
I will state-to this committee, in reply to the
observations of gentlemen in reference to mak-
ing this a coaling station, that twenty men lived
theic for eight months, using well-water only,
which they obtained at the depth mentioned in
the report, which when allowed to stand made
good drinking water. It is essential to our com-
merce on the Pacific ocean that this harbor
should be deepened and made available for our
naval and commercial vessels.-
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Chairman, it does not
make much difference what our necessities may
have been'in former years for a station of this
kind in the midst of the Pacific ocean; and it
does not affect my mind in this case, if it does
that of the gentleman from Massachusetts, that
we have since the time of Columbus got along
without a coaling station in that ocean. Things
have very much changed since that day, so far
as our interests in the Pacific ocean are con-
cerned. Since his time the trade of the East,
of China, Japan, and the eastern Asiatic na-
tions, has been almostmonopolized by England
and France, while the United States has had
next to none of it. England has extended
lines of" steamships all over the Pacific ocean.
She has three or four main lines with branches
extending in every direction. The result has
been of incalculable benefit in a commercial
pointof view to the British nation. Itisalmost
impossible to estimate the advantage which
England has derived from the extension of her
commerce all over the East. Within a few
years past it has occurred to some erf'the eater-
prising citizens of the United States that there
was no good reason why this Government and
this people should not participate in that'jgreat
commerce, and an attempt has been made to
festablish a steamship line connecting the United
States with Japan and China. The object, of
eourse, is primarily to benefit those concerned;
but my friend from Massachusetts and every-
body else can see that if this line shall be suc-
cessfully established it will Open up a com-
merce between this country and the East which
Will not only be beneficial to the men concerned,
to--the pioneers of this great enterprise, but
will be of incalculable benefit to the people
Of this counlry at large.
This commerce,-sir, will necessarily pass be-
tween California and China and Japan. If it
could pass on a parallel of latitude, then it
could pass by the Sandwich Islands, and we
could -have no need of this- island; but the
commerce must go in a great circle and not on
a parallel of latitude, and therefore the com-
mercebetween California and China and Japan
must pass six hundred, eight hundred, or a
thousand miles north of the Sandwich Islands
or lose on the out and return trip something
like two thousand miles, and our commerce
cannot afford to lose that. The r'esult is, in
order to compete with the French and English
lines we must have a coaling station some-
where nealr -the great circle which connects
California and Japan. I have no knowledge
of this particular station except from the in-
formation given here to-night and an inspec-
tion of the chart; but I have carefully, on
many occasions, looked into this subject of
steamship connection between our California
ports and the East. I have long since reached
the conclusion that it is necessary to this com-
merce we should have some coaling station
somewhere. On looking at this chart, which
seems to have been made from surveys by the
United States steamer Lackawanna, I find that
my friend from Massachusetts does not give
the dimensions or the character of this island
exactly. It appears, from an inspection of this
chart, that instead of three quarters of a mile,
it is more than five nautical miles in diameter.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The state-
ment in the Senate report is as follows :
" The group consists of two islands, of coraline
formation, t-be most important being a mile and a
lialf lone, three quarters of a mile broad, and fifty-
seven feet high, inolosedin an encircling coral reef."
Mr. PAINE. Exactly. There are within
this coral reef two islands, and I was about to
say that the reef itself, as it is laid down upon
this chart, has a diameter exceeding five nauti-
cal miles—almost six—and within it are these
two islands of which my friend from Massa-
chusetts speaks. Now, it is not the islands
that constitute the harbor, it is the reef which
includes the islands, which will also include a
basin in which the ships will enter, if it.is made
at all available as a harbor.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
the advantage of my friend from Wisconsin.
I have examined the matter before to-night;
and while I have, I trust, the glory, honor,
and •' silk-worms" of this country as much at
heart as anybody, yet I cannot agree to this
appropriation, and for this reason : I agree
with him that Groat Britain has got three or
four steam lines all over the Pacific coast, and
having those steamship lines she gets along
without this island or any other island like it.
I also understand that this harbor, if a harbor
at all, has pretty much the same depth as that
in the Island of Honolulu. Now, I find another
difficulty. Iam not saying a word about coral
reefs which are under water part of the time,
or the extent of them, but I again say there is
a small island three quarters of a mile wide by
a mile and a half long, of mud or sand, fifty-
seven feet high. When it- came up nobody
knows, when it will go down nobody can tell.
It may disappear like one that recently ap-
peared in the Pacific ocean and was over-
whelmed.
Mr. AXTELL. Will the gentleman answer
me this question: was there ever an instance
known wiiere a coral reef island went down ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts.' To that
I answer, I have not said a word about a reef,1
but I have been speaking about sand islands
inside of a reef. They are not coral at all ;
they are merely sand.
Mr. AXTELL. Then there will be a better
harbor when th-ey go down.
Mr. BUTLER', of Massachusetts. Exactly;
but whatwillyou putyourcoalon? [Laughter.]
Mr. AXTELL. The reef is broad enough'
to drive a team on. ■
Mr.-BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The reef
is a wall twenty feet wide; partly under water
how, and the difficulty now is you cannot oc-
cupy it without great expense. Quays and
w-harves, all that is required by commerce,
will have to be put there at the cost of millions
of dollars, I -may say. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] says Great Britain
has always had Gibraltar. Well, where is
Gibraltar? It commands the Mediterranean.
Grasping power might well hold it; but what
are you going to defend twenty-eight hundred
miles from any known land except the Hawaiian
Islands ?
Again, sir, the title is not quite safe to these
islands. I again go to the report. "They
were discovered," the report says, " on the
5th of July, 1859, by Captain N. C. Brooks,
an American ship-master commanding the
bark Cambria, owned by an American citi-
zen, though sailing under the Hawaiian flag."
Well, I understand it to be the very first prin-
ciple of national law—and I appeal to my col-
league, [Mr. Banks,] who knows all about
these things while I know but little, if it is not
so—that the flag on the ship that makes the
discovery gets jurisdiction of the country, no
matter who commands? It is the flag that
settles the question of title, I understand.
A Member. We can control the Sandwich
Islands.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Exactly;
we can govern the Sandwich Islands, I agree.
We can go and take them ; but is that a reason
why we should, especially when we do not want
them ? I agree it would be an excellent thing
to have a harbor there, a very good thing; but
whether this is the best place for it no one
knows. Whether a little more exploration will
not find a better island nobody knows. Suffi-
cient for me, the time has not come to settle
this question.
Again, sir, this appropriation is put in as no
other appropriation is—" to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Navv."
All others are under the War Department, and
the engineers have to go and make examination.
This is to be a naval affair. They are very
anxious to extend their jurisdiction, and I ven-
ture to say they will find it expedient to do so.
My friend near me, who insists upon interrupt-
ing me, says this appropriation ought to be made
in order to perpetuate these names—"Seward's
road and Welles's harbor." I agree to that.
That is the best argument I have heard. But
to leave all levity upon this subject, the diffi-
culty is in expending $50,000 for a survey in
the present state of the Treasury. We shall then
have to build quays and reservoirs. I agree
that you can dig down in thesand, as myfriend
from California says they did on Mare Island,
and let a little water run in and thus get some-
thing which will quench thirst, but there is no
water on the island that is of any use except-
ing that which is caught from showers and held
in the sand. There are no conveniences there,
and will not be for many years.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SPALDING. I hope we shall now have
a vote on the amendment-
Mr. BANKS. I desire to say one word.
Mr. SPALDING. I will yield to the gen-
tleman for two minutes.
Mr. BANKS. I want to say a word in reply
to what has been said by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] and repeated
by my colleague, [Mr. Butler,] that if this
appropriation is made the island will have to
be fortified. This island is for the conven-
ience of naval vessels and commercial vessels
