•280
APPENDIX TO THE GONQBESSKMAL- GLOBE.
[January T,
Sewath.
Claim of Miss Sue Murphey^Mr. Davis.
40th Cons....3d
removed, that they should not shelter an ad-
vancing enemy and protect him from the gun's
of the fort.
This property, then, Mr. President, was taken
for public use in two'aspects; first, its destruc-
tion was necessary to make the operations of
that fort complete and perfect % removing
obstructions from the range of the guns ; in
the second place, the house afforded a large
amount of material that was useful and neces-
sary in the construction of the fort, and it was
so appropriated. This lady was loyal to the
Government and to her country. She had no-
sympathies with the rebellion. All the wishes
of her heart, and alL the moral influence which
she could exercise, were thrown in the cause of
her country and of its Government against the
insurgents. The question arises, herproperty
having been thus appropriated to public use,
is she entitled to a reasonable compensation
for it?
Now, Mr. President, I have been amused at
the sophistry of the honorable Senators that
oppose this bill. They produeenot analogous
or parallel cases, but cases totally different in
fact and principle ; and after overthrowing the
supposititious cases which they bring up, they
argae and conclude that this bill also cannot
stand the test, and ought not to be passed. I
will give an illustration : we are asked if there
is any principle, constitution, law, or justice
which requires Congress or the Government
of the United States to pay for property that
was destroyed by the enemy, to make compen-
sation to the owner, even upon the concession
that he was loyal. I answer no. There is not
a Senator advocating this bill who has taken
that position. The support of this bill is not
based upon or attempted to be propped by that
principle. The principle of this bill is thus
plainly stated: that if the Government takes
private property for public use the owner shall
have just compensation for it. It is simply
the quid pro quo.
The position that the property of a citizen
wiio has performed every duty and discharged
every obligatiou to liis country and Govern-
ment may have his whole property taken from
him for the proper and necessary uses of that
Government, for the' common defense and wel-
fare of the people of the United States, and is
entitled to no compensation for it, shocks the
universal sentiment of justice which oijr Cre-
ator has implanted in the human heart.
But, sir, I contend that the case is provided
for by the law. It is provided for by the high-
est law of this land, by the Constitution of the
United States, in these words:
"Nor shall private property be taker, for public
use without just compensation."
That is the plain, explicit, comprehensive
law that meets this case, and that ought to rule
and control it in the Senate, before the courts,
and everywhere. I ask the honorable Senators
who oppose the passage of this bill if this pro-
vision of the Constitution does not cover the
case. But Senators parry and evade by assum-
ing that^ national law, the law of nations reg-
ulating independent and belligerent States, in-
tervenes when there is an insurrection, a
rebellion of a part of the people against the
United States and their Government; that in
such a state of case the law of nations applies,
makes every citizen of the States in which the
rebellion broke out the public enemies of the
United States; that there is no exception, and
that those who have rushed to their country's
standard, the emblem of its union, Constitu-
tion, and laws, to uphold it against their insur-
gent neighbors, who would strike it down by hos-
tile arms, that these true and courageous pa-
triots. tried and not found wanting by the
bloody treason which environs them and is pant-
ing for their destruction, are like the insurgents
who are striving to murder both the Govern-
ment ot the United States and these heroic
defenders. That defenders and traitorous as-
sailants are alike public enemies of the United
States is a proposition too monstrous to re-
ceive the assent of unperverted human reason.
Whether or no it is indorsed by tiie authority
of the Supreme Court I reject and scorn it;
my mind, my soul, all that appertains to me
which can reason ox feel, instructs me that this
monstrous position is as false in our political law
as it is unjust, mischievous, and revolting in
political morals. I feel that my position is true
and impregnable, however unable I may be to
maintain it. Put I will try.
IjLy first general proposition is, that where
the Constitution of the United States expressly
establishes a principle, or makes provision for
any state of case, the fundamental law so
written cannot be annulled, impaired, or mod-
ified by any implication from the Constitution
itself, much less from the law of nations. It
is a general principle of construction in Eng-
land and the United States that any express
provision in a statute, and in every instrument
of writing, stands against all implication ; and
in reference to the Constitution this principle
has the force of a trueism. "Nor shall private
property be taken without just compensation''
is a part of the Constitution, the supreme law
of the laud, which every Senator has supported.
This, and every other provision of the Con-
stitution, is, and continues to be, the supreme
law of the land until changed by an amend-
ment of the Constitution. It was made for
times of war and peace, and it has no sliding
scale, no faculty of expansion or contraction as
the country may be at war or peace. The Gov-
ernment which it organizes, and all the powers
vested, is by language whose words ana sense
and meaning are fixed and the same in seasons
of war and peace. It creates and vests powers
appropriate to both conditions, and there are
peace powers unfit to be exercised in times of
war, and especially are there war powers that
it would be most unfit to exercise in peace;
but all the powers of the Government were
established and organized by the Constitution,
at the time, by the language, and with the fixed
meaning as our father's made it; those powers
are dormant or active according to the con-
dition of things. A state of war neither creates
nor evokes any new powers; it only awakens
those that were sleeping, and they are such,
and such only, as the language of the Constitu-
tion, as understood by those who made it, had
formed, fashioned, and established. This pro-
vision of the Constitution, that when private
property is taken for public use the owner
shall have just compensation, applies to times
of both peace and war; the only difference is
the much greater frequency and magnitude with
which it operates in the one season than the
other, and the vastly augmented importance
of it in war. There is no other provision or
principle of the Constitution, no necessary im-
plication from it, that suspends or restricts the
operation of this provision as to loyal citizens
in times of war, either foreign or domestic and
civil. _ That the principle is different and con'
trary in other nations proves nothing in ours.
There are many provisions and principles in
our Constitution in irreconcilable conflict with
those of all other Governments ; but ours pre-
vail here, ours are the supreme law, and com-
mand the universal submission and obedience
of the people of the United States, and none
others can be brought into conflict with, much
less to overthrow them.
Mr. President, the Government of the United
States is sui generis. It was made by the
original States, when each one was an inde-
pendent sovereignty, and clothed with plenary
political power. They divested themselves of
a portion of sovereignty and political powers,
most of which they delegated to a common
Government; some they agreed not to exercise
themselves, but inhibited to the Government
they were forming. This limited alienation of
inherent power, and delegation and organiza-
tion of it into a common Government was
most cautiously and deliberately performed by
a written eompact, which they denominated-a
Constitution, and invested with the authority,
sauctity, and name of the supreme law of the
land. The Government it created is a limited
popular representative Government, of mixed
principles, connected with, and in some of its
essential parts and operations based upon, the
States and their governments. All sovereignty
and power which the States did not delegate
to the new Government were retained by them.
This was a self-evident truism; bot our fathers
were not satisfied that this principle should by
the plainest logic be demonstrable to exist in
the very structure of the Government. In their
jealousy of the iacroaching nature of power,
and especially of a Government of the whole
upon the separate governments of the several
parts, they, in the shortest possible time, in-
corporated itinto the Constitution as an amend-
ment, in these words:
"The powers not delegated to the United States
by this Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to
the people."
Our Government has no parallel. Its pow-
ers were all created by and are to be looked
for in the Constitution, and nowhere else: and
that is to be construed by itself, in the light of
the defects <?f th.e Articles of Confederation,
of the then condition and exigencies of the
States, and of the interpretation of its differ-
ent provisions by the conventions which framed
and adopted it. Omissions and defects in it,
real or supposed, are not to be supplied by
those who administer it attempting to close
them out or reform them by resorting to na-
tional or any other law. The Constitution,
with the Government which it creates, must
stand or fall by itself, with the life-continuing
principle of amendment in the mode which it
prescribes. This Constitution lies open before
every Senator, and requires him, by the sanc-
tion of his path, to support it, to vote the fair
and loyal petitioner, Miss Murphey, just com-
pensation for her property taken by the Gov-
ernment for public use.
I maintain, Mr. President, that the right of
Miss Murphey to compensation for her prop-
erty is fully sustained by the opinion of the
Supreme Court, in the case of Mitchell vs.
Harmony, (13 Howard's Reports, 134,) and
by the Court of Claims, in the case of the Uni-
ted States m. Grant. (1 Nott and Hunting-
ton's Court of Claims Reports, 41.) The first
one originated out of a transaction during our
war with Mexico, and the opinion in it has
often been brought to the attention of the
Senate by other members as well as myself.
Mitchell was an officer of the United States
Army in that war, and destroyed the property
of Harmony in the Mexican proyince of Chi-
huahua to prevent it from falling into the
possession of the enemy; and suit was brought
by Harmony to recover the value of that prop-
erty. I will read two short passages from the
opinion of the eourt:
" Where the owner (of property) has done nothing
to forfeit his rights, every public officer is bound to
respect them, whether he finds the property in a
foreign or hostile country, or in his own."
"There are, without doubt, occasions in which pri-
vate property may lawfully be taken possession of
or destroyed to prevent it trom falling into the hands
of the public enemy; and also where a military offi-
oer, charged with a particular duty, may impress
private property into the public service or take it
tor public use. Unquestionably in such cases the
Government is bound to make full compensation to
the owner; but the officer is not a trespasser."—
13 Howard's lieporte, p. 134.
In the case decided by the Court of Claims
the opinion was pronounced by the late Judge
Wilmot, and nobody will contend that either he
or his opinion was warped by any sympathy
for the rebellion or the rebels. He was author
of the famous proviso offered by him to a
bill of the House many years ago, and which
has become historical, and has always borne
his name. I will first read his statement of
the facts of the case, aud then a syllabus of (he
principles ruled in the opinion :
"The claim in this case is for private property
