1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
40th Con«....3d Sess.
Claim of Miss Sue i{urpkey—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
destroyed and abandoned in Arizona on the 15th of
July, 1861. by order of Captain J. M. Moore, com-
manding United States troops in the vicinity of Tuc-
son. Grant was a contractor with the Government
for furnishing commissary and quartermaster sup-
plies for the forts and military posts in Arizona, and
in furtherance of his contract had expended large
gums of money in the repair and erection of flouring
mills, dwelling-houses, storehouses, shops, and cor-
rals. lie had personal property also of considerable
value, consisting in part of flour, wheat, corn, bar-
ley, beans, merchandise, furniture, &o. In the mills
and storehouses of Grant were valuable supplies ber
longing to the Government. The Deople of Tucson
were lawless adventurers and intensely hostile to the
Government of the United States. Lieutenant Lord
speaks of the citizens of the Territory as 4 traitors of
the deepest dye;' 'that they openly talked seces-
sion long before the war commenced, especially those
in the vicinity of Tucson/ Captain Chapin, in his
deposition, says: 4 Tueson was fulL of gamblers and
murderers. Large numbers of the white peoplewere
southerners in feeling, and ready to take up arms for
the southern cause. Exceptions to this rule were
rare.'
"A confederate flag was flying at Tueson; and
when the property was burnt the people assembled
in large numbers, armed, and with such threatening
demonstrations as induced Lieutenant Lord to pre-
pareior au expected attack on his train. FortBreck-
inridge bad been burnt and abandoned on tbe 10th
of July, and Captain Moore had received informa-
tion by express that Fort Buehanan was also to be
abandoned and destroyed. He also had information
that Texan rebel forces held Fort Union, and were
determined to occupy the Territory and cut off the
United States troops within it. With this informa-
tion and the state of things as he knew them to exist
at Tucson. Captain Mooredirected Lieutenant Lord,
commanding a company of dragoons, to destroy such
Government stores as he could not transport, to-
gether with such private property of Grant as might
be of value to the public enemy or to the disloyal
people of Tucson. On receiving information that
Fort Buchanan was to be abandoned he took an es-
cort and reached that fort in advance of the main
body. In bis report to the War Department he says:
'On learning the urgency of the case I sent the in-
closed written orderto LieutenantLord, in command
of troops en routf from Fort Breckinridge. His re-
port in the case I forward.' Neither the order nor
the report here spoken of are before us. Lieutenant
Lord*in his deposition, says: 'The property was de-
stroyed in accordance with written orders given me
by Captain J. N. Moore. Idid make a reportof the
matter to Captain Moore, and he approved of it
and said he would inclose it in his report to the
War Department, and that I should be favorably
mentioned for the manner in which I had acted.'
Captain Cbapin, in command at Fort Buchanan,
says in his deposition: * Captain Moore told me the
day after he arrived at Fort Buchanan that he had
ordered Lieutenant Lord, now Captain Lord, to
destroy all the public stores and all provisions that
had been stored by Mr. Grant for the use of the
Government, Grant's mill, and all other property
that could not be transported or which would be of
any benefit to the people of that country."—1 Nott
and Iluntington's Court of Claims Meports, pp. 41-42.
These are tbe general facts of that case, and
now I will only read the syllabus, at the head
of the opinion of the court, of the principles
ruled by it :
"The officer of the United States commanding
troops in the vicinity of Tucson, Arizona, orders his
subordinate to destroy such Governmentstores as he
cannot transport, together with such private pron-
ely of the claimant as maybe of value to the public
enemy or to the disloyal people of Tueson. The
subordinate offioer, acting under circumstances^ oi
immediate and pressing necessity, notifies the claim-
ant to save his papers, and in half an hour fires bis
mills aud other property. , „
"The taking of private property for use or for
destruction, when the public exigency demands it,
by a military officer commanding any part of tbe
publio forces, is an exercise of the right of eminent
domain. *
" Whenever the officer is justified the Government
is liable. The state of the facts as they appeared to
the officer when he acted must govern the decision.
"There is no discrimination to be made between
property to be used and property taken to be de-
stroyed. ,,
"It is no defense that the circumstances must have
rendered the property valueless to the owner it tne
officer had not destroyed it. It is the imminence oi
danger that gives the State a right to destroy prop-
erty; but the certainty of the danger docs not re-
lieve the State from liability for the property whicn
it takes to destroy."
Now, Mr. President, I ask if the principles
recognized by the opinions of the Supreme Court
and the Court of Claims do not fully cover the
claim of Miss Murphey and require tbe passage
of the bill under consideration? Her's is a
stronger case than that of Grant. He owneu
a mill and several contiguous buildings in Ari-
zona, His mill bad been grinding and his
houses held commissary and quartermaster s
stores for the supply of the Army of the United
States. The rebels were dominant in Arizona,
aud particularly in that portion contiguous to,
and including Tucson, and were about to move
upon the Union troops in such force as to put
beyond doubt their conquest. His superior
ordered the officer in command at Tueson to
abandon the country, draw off his forces and
the military material, and to destroy the mill,
the bouses, and their contents, including as
■well the private property of Grant as the stores
belonging to Che United States. The order was
executed by tjbe subordinate, the property was
all destroyed, and Grant brought suit in £be
Court of Claims against tbe United States for
his mill, houses, and personal property.
He owned a mill and various buildings in
Arizona. The buildings and his mill were
stored with bis private property, grain, flour,
&e. That country was in the possession of the
rebels at the time. The authorities of the
United States and the troops of the United
States commanded by its officers were unable
to resist the rebel element. The whole country
was alive and excited by the furor of the rebel-
lion. The authorities and armies of the United
States could not maintain themselves there, but
were driven by hostile demonstrations to aban-
don tbe country and to give it up to the rebel-
lion. Under this state of affairs the highest
officer in military command orders his sub-
ordinate, Lieutenant Lord, to destroy the mill,
the house, and its machinery, and all the build-
ings in which the private property of Grant,
the owner of the mill, was stored—everything
which was liable to fall into tbe hands of the
enemy and to be of any use to them. This
order is promptly and inexorably executed.
The property is destroyed, that of a real as well
as that of a personal or movable character—
all is destroyed ; and here is an account taken
of the property amounting to sixty odd thou-
sand dollars. The case comes before the Court
of Claims for its adjudication} and that court,
after full and patient examination and the col-
lection of all the facts of the case, decides that
the officer acted within the pale of his discre-
tionary powers in the destruction of this prop-
erty, both real and personal.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky allow me to inquire who
was the judge of the Court of Claims that deliv-
ered the opinion in that case?
Mr. DAVIS. I have just stated it?
Mr. HOWARD. I was not able to hear the
Mr. DAVIS. It was Mr. Justice Wumot;
and I presume the honorable Senator from
Michigau will not doubt his allegiance and
fidelity to the Government.
Mr. HOWARD. Not at all.
Mr. DAVIS. It was not delivered under the
Wilmot proviso, either. That was offered to
the House of Representatives more than twenty
years ago; but this opinion was delivered under
the Constitution, under that provision which I
have read and upon which I rely for the Sen-
ate doing justice to this lady claimant, that
ber private property taken for public use shall
be paid for by full compensation to the owner.
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to make another
inquiry. Does it appear in the report of that
case that the Territory of Arizona where that
property was destroyed was in a state of insur-
rection ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir ; fully.
Mr. HOWARD. By the proclamation of
the President under any law ?
Mr. DAVIS. It appears here by a recita-
tion of the facts. I read the statement of the
facts in the commencement of the opiniou,
that the Senate might be possessed of all the
facts and features of tbe case and apply
erly the principles of the Constitution and of
the l&w to them. -
Now, sir, let us contrast the condition ot
Tucson with that of Decatur. The rebels had
been driven, scattered, disheartened, and de-
moralized; driven forever from Decatur, ihera
never has been a rebel flag or a rebel foot mak-
ing conflict with the authority and laws of the
United States in Decatur since months before
this property was taken from its owner and
appropriated to the public use. The repos-
session, the reconquest, if my friend from Mich-
igan prefers the phrase, of Decatur by the arms
of the United States had become complete,
absolute, permanent; and the question is, after
it was thus peacefully, permanently, fully re-
possessed by the arms and the authority of
the United States, and the private property of
this lady was taken for the palpable and urgent
military necessity of constructing a fort to make
it an outpost and a guard against southern raid-
ers, and the residue of these houses were swept
away that cannon might play freely upon them
if they returned to assault the place, whether
property taken for this purpose forms a case in
which the owner is entitled, under the imper-
ative declaration and principle of the Consti-
tution to have "full remuneration," in the
language of the Supreme Court of the United
States, for the property thus taken.
Mr. President, there is a principle in this
case. Gentlemen cannot destroy or overthrow
or weaken this case by bringing up the ease of
property destroyed by rebels. There is no
analogy in fact or principle between them. The
cases are wide apart. My honorable friend
from New York [Mr. Conkung] the other day
said that it becomes necessary to take and
destroy private property in battle. I admit it.
Then be triumphantly asked will gentlemen
contend that property of rebels destroyed in
battle, in the conflict of arms, should be paid for?
There is no analogy at all between the cases.
Sir, that exercise of power has the explicit
authority of the Constitution. It is not only
the power but the bounden duty of the General
Government to suppress insurrection and rebel-
lion ; yea, by force of arms ; and whenever life
or property is destroyed in this conflict of arms
which the United States Government is author-
ized to wage in the suppression of rebellion it
is property destroyed, literally, in obedience to
the principle and command of the Constitution.
Mr. WILLEY. Will the Senator allow me
to furnish him with another authority just in
point?
Mr. DAVIS. With great pleasure.
Mr. WILLEY. I do so with only the greater
pleasure to answer the question propounded to
me by the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
yesterday. I propose now to answer that ques-
tion in the language of Vattel, page 402 o t his
work on the Law of Nations, where it will be
found as follows:
"Is the State bound to indemnify individuals for
the damages they have sustained in war? We may
learn from Grotius that authors are divided on this
question. The damages under consideration are to
be distinguished into two kinds, tbose done by the
State itself or the sovereign and those done by the
enemy. Of the first kind, some are done deliberately
and by way of precaution, as when a field, a house,
or a garden belonging to a private person is taken
for the purpose of erecting on the spot, a town ram-
part or any other piece of fortification, or when his
standing corn or his store-houses are destroyed to
prevent their being of use to the enemy. Such dam-
ages are to be made good to the individual who should
bear only his quota of the loss. But there arc other
damages caused by inevitable necessity, as, for in-
stance, the destruction caused by the artillery in re-
taking a town from the enemy. These are merely
accidents; they are misfortunes which chance deals
out to the proprietors on whom they happen to U1I.
The sovereign, indeed, ought to show an equitable
regard for the sufferers if the situation of his atlairg
will admit ofit; but no action lies against the state
for misfortunes of this nature, for losses which she
has occasioned, not wilfully, but through necessity
and by mere accident. in the exercise of her rights.
The same may be said of damages caused by the
enemy."
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. FEELINGHUYSEN. Will the Senator
from Kentucky permit me to say a word?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly; I give way for an
exolanation.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
do I understand the Senator from West Vir-
ginia to hold that that authority has any appli-
