282
Appendix to the congressional globe.
[January T,
SENATE.
Claim of Miss Sue Murphey—Mr. Davis.
40th Cons....3d Sess.
cation to this ease ? That authority is simply
this—which nobody in this Senateand no court
in the world, I suppose, would ever dispute—
tbatwlierea nation takes from itsown citizen a
locality iu order to erect a fortification it is
proper for it to pay for it. That is all of i£.
i will read it:
" The damages under consideration are to be dis-
tinguished into two kinds, those done by the.State
itself or the sovereign and those dope by the eaerny.
Of the first kind, some are done deliberately and by
•way of precaution, as when afield, a house, ora gar-
den belonging to a private persoa is taken fQr the
purpose of erecting: on the spot a town rampart or
any other piece of fortification, or when his standing
coi n or his store-house aredestroyed to prevent them
being of use to the enemy."
Simply declaring that a nation should pay
where it takes the property of a subject to erect
■a fortification.
Mr. DAVIS. I am much obliged to the hon-
orable Senator from New Jersey for having so
promptly after the production of this authority
by the honorable Senator from West Virginia
reread it to the Senate. The only effect is to
imprint it doubly deep upon the understanding
ana the conscience of Senators. The case put
by Vattel is precisely analogous to the one un-
der consideration, as I will proceed to show by
the facts. I was aware of the fact stated by
Vattel, that in relation to the proposition whether
a country was or was not responsible to its own
people for the destruction of property by a
public enemy the authorities were divided.
Grotius lays it down explicitly that it is the
duty of a Government to protect its citizens,
and that that duty is not performed where the
neglect of the Government permits the private
property of a citizen to he destroyed, and there-
fore the Government is responsible for the
value of the property so destroyed. [ admit that
we do not contend for that principle now; I
admit that that principle is rejected by all the
Governments of the earth ; but I believe that
the principle is sound and just, and ought to
prevail here and everywhere, that Government
ought to be constructed upon the principleofa
mutual insurance company against foreign and
domestic enemies: and wherever any member
of this mutual insurance company is subjected
to a loss by the destruction of his property by
a foreign or domestic enemy he has a claim on
the company fo, the value of his property, and
there is no Government that gives complete
protection upon any other principle.
The case putin Vattel is precisely analogous
to the case under consideration. I ask any
Senator who opposes this claim if Decatur was
ever possessed or molested by the rebels after
this property was taken? Prom a considera-
ble time before the property was taken did not
the authority of the United States, civil and
military, prevail at and rule over Decatur and
its vicinage for a very considerable area?
Were not the Army and the authorities of the
United States at the time in the undisputed,
undisturbed, and peaceable possession of De-
catur? Was there any conflict of arms raging
in Decatur or around between the rebels and
the United States Army? None. Ontheeon-
trary, Decatur had been reduced to obedience ;
the authority of the Government, civil and mili-
tary, was reestablished not only peacefully but
permanently. Ihat peace, and permanence
have never been disturbed to this day. The
rule and the authorities of the United States
were as fixed, as undisturbed, as permanent
in Decatur then as they were in Washington
city. All the facts and principles of law, con-
stitutional, statutory, or private, that would
have required the owner of property in Wash-
ington city at that time whose property had
been taken for the public use to receive full
compensation for it applied to Miss Murphey
and to Decatur.
There is no principle announced in the prize
cases or jn the case of Mrs. Alexander's cot-
ton that is at all in conflict with that position ;
but, on the contrary, the reasoning and the
principles conceded by the court in Mrs. Alex-
ander's case fully authorize, and not only au-
thorize but require the payment of this claim
to Miss Murphey. What was it? There was
a fort constructed by the rebels on the Red
river between Alexandria and the Mississippi;
I da not recollect the name of it at this time.
General Banks and Admiral Porter made an
invasion of the Red river country. They took
possession of this fort, which was abandoned
by the rebels; they penetrated the rebel coun-
try back some hundreds of miles, but eventu-
ally met with a reverse and a repulse that forced
them to evacuate the country. From the time
of their first iftvasion of and entry upon this
country until they wefe forced by superior
numbers to leave it was less than eight weeks.
It was contended for Mrs. Alexander, or for
the persons who claimed that property as her
cotton, that this was a permanent reeonquest
and reoccupation of the country by the Ameri-
can armies, this temporary, uncertain, fugitive
occupation of eight weeks; and the Supreme
Court simply decided that that was not such a
permanent, peaceable reoccupation of the coun-
try as changed its character from enemy's
country to the country of the United States.
The honorable gentlemen who oppose this
bill are guilty of another fallacy or self delu-
sion. They hold, at least their argument so
treats the subject, that the southern States
were States in rebellion or unfriendly to the
United States by their boundaries; that the
whole of the State of Alabama must neces-
sarily have been reduced to obedience to the
laws and authorities of the United States to
withdraw from it the character of enemy's
country. The Supreme Court have established
no such principle. The Supreme Court neither
in the prize cases nor in the case of Mrs.
Alexander's cotton treat insurrection and re-
bellion by State boundaries, but they estab-
lish distinctly this principle: that wherever a
State or any portion of a State, however small
the part and fraction, has been taken posses-
sion of by the American arms and authority,
to the extent that it is thus repossessed by the
American Army and authorities it is not
enemy's country, but the country of the United
States. I ask the Senate to take note of that
discrimination. Alabama was not. an enemy's
country, according to the reasoning and the
positions of the Supreme Court, by its State
boundary. It was only enemy's country as por-
tions of it were occupied by the armies of the
enemy and they were able" to expel and ex-
clude the authorities of the United States;
and whenever and wherever the armies and
authorities of the United States set foot upon
Alabama, in Decatnr or anywhere else, and
held permanent possession—a possession that
defied the assaults of the rebels, that main-
tained the laws and authority of the United
States and excluded beyond all question all
rebel authority—the Supreme Court decide
expressly that that portion of the State is not
enemy's country but is friendly country, the
country of the United States.
Now, Mr. President, what was the state of
facts in relation to Decatur and all north Ala-
bama ? The rebels had been expelled from
the most of north Alabama. They were driven
from it by the superior power of the Union
arms. They no longer held sway there. Their
armies, their civil authority, everything that
appertained to rebeldom, had been swept from
north Alabama. The rebellion was no longer
present, much less ruling in Decatur. It had
no power in Decatur, no influence there, no
control, any more than ithad in Washington city
or in the State of Michigan ; and the Supreme
Court decided expressly in Mrs. Alexander's
case that whenever a part of the country that
had been in a state of insurrection and rebel-
lion was thusreoccupied by the United States,
and its possession and power was peacefully and
permanently established, the laws of war were
no longer applicable to that territory or its peo-
ple. They say explicitly that if such arec'onquest
and reoccupation of Fort, De Russey and of
the country in that vicinity had been effected by
the armies of the United States, it would have
been such a reoccupation and would have so
changed its relations to the General Govern-
ment as to have made it friendly and not
enemy's territory, and that a loyal citizen
inhabiting the country thus reoccupied by the
authorities of the United States would be
entitled to compensation for property taken for
public use.
Sir, that position is impregnably established
according to the false reasoning and principles
of the Supreme Court. I am not now contro-
verting the authority of that decision. I am
taking it as settling the law of the case cor-
rectly and conclusively, from which I totally
dissent; but upon the premises and the prin-
ciples ruled by the Supreme Court itself Miss
Murphey is undeniably entitled to full com-
pensation for property taken in Decatur be-
longing to her for public use.
Having said thus much in relation to the
case itself, I desire to add a few words in rela-
tion to the true principles that I think ought to
govern such questions iu the Supreme Court-.
Thatcourtare but men ; and we are their equals
in that respect. It is an august tribunal. It
is clothed with grander and more important
powers than any court that ever was organized
on the face of the earth. It was presided over
for more than thirty years by Chief Justice
Marshall, one of the greatest if not the very
greatest legal intellect that this country has
ever produced. But even when that august
and powerful intellect, with his bound less learn-
ing, legal and promiscuous, was presiding over
that court he committed one of the most pal-
pable errors that ever a judicial tribunal was
guilty of. I will state it in a very few words.
Congress passed a law incorporating a lot-
tery in the District of Columbia, and author-
ized it in general terms to establish offices for
the sale of tickets, in Virginia there was a
law of the State prohibiting the sale of lottery
tickets and making it a penal offense to vend
lottery tickets within the State and many of
the other States had similar laws. The case of
Cohens vs. The State of Virginia came up to
the Supreme Court for adjudication. Cohens
established a lottery office in Richmond. He
was proceeded against, prosecuted, and fined
under their State law for vending lottery tickets
against that law. He brought the case up to
the Supreme Court; and what was the posi-
tion, not the principle, that Chief Justice Mar-
shall ruled, and to an assent to which he cajoled
the other members of the court V Itwassirnply
this: Congress has the power of exclusive legis-
lation in all cases whatever in the District i f
Columbia. What is the power of Congress
under that provision ? It has just such powers
within the District of Columbia as a State
Legislature may properly exercise within the
limits of each State; and yet Chief Justice Mar-
shall ruled that under th .t provision, singly and
alone, where Congress passed such a law as
they did in that case it authorized the estab-
lishment of lottery offices in every State, in the
Union ; and although any and every State might
have laws makingit penal and criminal to vend
lottery tickets within their respective Stales
those laws would fall before the power of such
an act of Congress 1 Sir, I say a more un-
sound and untenable opinion never was ren-
dered by human reason.
Gentlemen find it very convenient to invoke
the authority of the Supreme Court where it
will sustain their principles, their policies, and
their purposes; but whenever the Supreme
Court has adjudged principles that are hostile
to their purposes tliey are as prompt to repu-
diate and reject those decisions. I lay down
this principle to my honorable friend from
Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] who is an able law-
yer, as well also to the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Claims, [Mr. Howe,] who
is certainly one of the ablest lawyers in this
