1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
Missouri occupied no neutral or doubtful po-
sition. In the very ineipieney of the contest,
desperate efforts were made to force this State
from the Union. By the action of her disloyal
Legislature a convention was called for the
avowed objectoi passing an ordinance of seces-
sion. The rebel element was loud and violent
in the expression of its treasonable doctrines,
and for a time it was worth a man's life to
combat them with argument or give utterance
to loyal sentiment.
Bat the convention refusing to placeour noble
Commonwealth by the side of her " erring,
wayward sisters," an effort was made to force
her out of the Union by a grand coup cV 6tat,
which was only frustrated by the vigilance and
the heroic dariug of her loyal sons. To accom-
plish these nefarious designs her treasury was
plundered, her school-fund, donated to her by
the munificence of the General Government,
and amounting to $2,000,000,was stolen; some
worthy citizens were killed, and many others
carried off into a hopeless captivity. Her
broad prairies now became the theater of con-
tending forces. But worse than all, a system
of partisan warfare was inaugurated; neighbor
seemed to be arrayed against neighbor and
brother against brother. There was nosecurity
for life or property ; the husbandman was shot
down at his plow, and his horses seized upon
by his murderers. Where formerly cheerful
industry greeted the morning sun with merry
song wails and lamentations of widows and
orphans were heard, and smoking embers and
lifeless corpses pointed to where the spoiler
had been. Lands were laid waste, homes were
desolated, and a long line of solitary chimneys,
as if standing sentinel over the ashes of former
cheerful homesteads, marked the track of the
destroyer.
When at length the Union party had secured
firm hold on the reins of government the in-
stinct of self-preservation as a Commonwealth,
as well as tlieir duty to the Geneial Govern-
ment, prompted them to enact such laws as
would secure the State to ioval principles, and
that her sacred temples might be dedicated to
freedom forever. Judging all her citizens by
their conduct in the great hour of need, they
granted the pi ivilege of suffrage to those worthy
of using it, while it was withheld from those
who had worshiped at the altar of treason,
and hated liberty.
These are the reasons for the present laws
regulating suffrage in the State of Missouri.
To some they may appear stringent, but gen-
tlemen must remember that they had their
baptism in blood, and many of our citizens
first read them by the lurid glare of their burn-
ing homes. If an apology were needed I
would point in triumph to a great State re-
deemed, regenerated, and disenthralled from
the bonds of slavery, consecrated forever to
the Federal compact, an annual addition of
one hundred thousand to her population, her
waste places cultivated, and cities and towns
springing up as if by magic. I would further
point to the development of our almost inex-
haustible mineral resources, the vast increase
ot our agricultural and manufacturing pro-
ductions, our extensive inland commerce, and
our liberal educational system, which is second
to none of even our older States.
In the case before ns I apprehend that the
entire question is settled by the admission or
the rejection of the vote of Callaway county.
If that be so, it is necessary merely to ascertain
whether tiicre was such a violation of the regis-
tration laws of Missouri as prevents the num-
ber of legal votes from being ascertained. If
that cannot he done, the entire vote should be
rejected. No one questions the right of this
House to go behind all legal forms and look
into the ballot-box and purify it: or if this from
any cause be impossible, if political pollution
creates doubt and uncertainty, it may cast aside
the vote as unworthy its attention. Whatever
may be the laws of a State prescribing the
Qualifications of its electors, unless they are
openly repugnant to the Constitution of the
United States those laws, and not the prefer-
ences of this House, must be the rule to de-
termine contested cases. This is no new doc-
trine, but has been recognized by every Con-
gress since the formation of our Government;
and I find this principle most fully elucidated
in the celebrated Kentucky case, Samuel E.
Smith vs. John Young Brown. In that very
able report, presented by the eminent gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, the present chair-
man of the Committee of Elections, we find the
following legal propositions:
"As Congress, much less the House of Representa-
tives, never conceded, never having the power to
concede to a voter his right to tbo ballot, neither
can it take it away, modify, or limit it." * *
* f "This House can only be the judge of
the election returns and qualifications ot- its mem-
bers; that is, can judge whether each member lias
been elected according to the laws of his Sta,to and
possesses tbo qualifications tixed by the Constitution.
Here its power begins and ends. It cannot, touch a
voter or prescribe how lie shall vote, nor can it im-
pose a penalty on him, much less disfranchise lum ,
or say what shall bo the effect or tho powor of Ins 1
ballot if it be cast in a particular way. The laws of 1
tho State determine this."
Again, on tho same page I find the follow-
ing strong language:
"The statute-books of tho States arc full of pro-
visions touching elections, extending as well to tho
elicet and power of each ballot as to the manner of
depositing it, nil of which are a rule for this House.
Congress has not soen tit to enact any law concerning
it, it it had tho power."
The House, by a flattering majority, sustained
that report as well as the action of the commit-
tee at the same session m the case of Birch
m. Van' Horn, which report, was presented by
the distinguished gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Polaxd,] who also presented the major-
ity report in this case last session.
The doctrine I have laid down was not only
recognized by the committee in that case, but
seemed to have been the main rule governing
its action, By the express terms of the con-
stitution of Missouri we see that " no one shall
be deemed a qualified voter who has ever, di-
rectly or indirectly, done any of the acts speci-
fied in the third section of the second article of
the constitution," and tho disqnalifyingcauses
are some cighly-two in number. 1 care not
whether a man may have taken and subscribed
the oath of loyally; he even may have con-
formed with all the requirements of the regis-
try law. yet if he is guilty of any of the acts
specified in that instrument he is not a quali-
fied voter ; if lie is not a qualified voter he is
not a legal voter; and the plain proposition
follows that being an illegal voter and he
votes his vole cannot be anything else than
illegal. It matters not how corrupt a register-
ing officer may be or how far he may be intimi-
dated from the performance of his duties ; his
functions are ail ministerial, and are no panacea
for political ills; his corruption or negligence
cannot remove disabilities which tl e highest
law in the State declares to operate as disqualifi-
cations. It is not charged by the contestant that
any sueli votes were east for the sitting member,
while Mr. Anderson charges that in Callaway
county a very large number were cast for the
contestant.
In turning to the evidence as to the regis-
tration of Callaway county, 1 find that Isaac
L>. Snedieor was the registrar of Pulton town-
ship. Bear in-mind that no one can be a quali-
fied voter unless he take and subscribe the
prescribed oath, unless he cannot write, which
cases are also provided for. This portion of
the law under no circumstance can be viewed
as directory, but as mandatory. It is not suf-
ficient for a man to say he can take, but he
must take and subscribe the oath. A moment's
reflection will clearly show the importance of
this provision. It was intended to be a safe-
guard against perjury. Many will hesitate to
subscribe their names to a known lie, thereby
affixing the seals of their perjury upon their
own foreheads, who would stop at no crime
were it but an empty form of words.
With this idea in view, let us turn to the
testimony of Snedieor, (Mis. Doc. No. 30, page
47,) and although his testimony occupics but
seven lines, his character and efficiency as a
registering officer may be plainly gathered from
it. He is the contestant's witness, and in answer
to the question, " Please state in what manner,
as registrar of Pulton township, yon adminis-
tered the oath to applicants for registration,
and whether any person was registered by you
who did not take the oath,"' he says :
" There was no person registered who did not f ako
the oath. Thero were about twonty-live, notexcued-
lng twenty-iivo, of tho first who ro&istcied that X ex-
plained to them the oath, and asked them if they took
the oath, and upon being answered that the.v did, I
then had them to subscribe their names. All tho
rest of them X had to hold up their right, hands whilo
1 read the oath to them, after which they sub-
scribed to it. '
Under the sanctity of an oath he says that
no one was registered who did not take the
oath, and yet in the same breath lie says there
were about twenty-five to whom he explained
the oath and then they subscribed their names.
There was none of the solemnity incident to
such occasions ; no raising of the right hand
toward high Heaven, no''so help me God"
to witness the sincerity of their declaration ;
hut it was a faree, a mockery, a prostitution
of the powers of a sworn official. The rest of
them held up their right hands ; these could
not be spared the awful ordeal. Favored
twenty-five ! How fortunate that the pains of
perjury were spared you by the learned expo-
sition of Snedieor! How unfortunate for the
present and future generations that we have
not preserved on our records that grand S>ied-
icorian "explanation" which could take the
place of the solemnities of an oath !
Snedieor says they all subscribed the oath,
and he registered none whom he knew to be dis-
qualified. I do not know what construction he
may have put upon the term "disqualified,"
but 1 do know that (Mis. Doc. No. 3D, p. 59)
in Fulton township he registered 401 whom he
certifies to be qualified voters, nearly all of all
whom voted, opposite whose names I find tbo
following reimuks in his certified list:
"James IJLickamore, been in the rebel aruiy;
.Tames A. ftlaekamoic, rebel sympathizer, notoii-
ou.sly (li«l',yal: Jienton Uiourit, left the country,
went to Illinois to avoid t he dtait, enrolled disloyal;
Levi Blount, tbo .same; Saanuel Blount, cm oiled dis-
loyal under oath, commanded a squad ol men, bush-
whacked Colonel MeMeil; Samuel (Jariington, know
him to bo disloyal; J\l. V. Davis, crazy, noisy rebel;
at tho outbreak oi the war, walked thioug'rv tho
streets with liH/rnn in hand flouting for Jeff, ihivis,
threatening to shoot all who dilVeied in opinion with
him; Jesse (lamer, in rebel army, wounded at Wii-
sou's cieck, and tho olUcei of registration knows it
well."
I further find that in this notoriously disloyal
township but thirteen names were put oil the
rejected list, only one of whom was rejected
because he enrolled disloyal; the others were
rejected because they refused to take certain
portions of the oath of'loyally. If in this regis-
tration we have the fortunate twenty-five the
Snedicoriati antithesis is complete; for here we
alsofindtheunfortunatethirteen. No '•explan-
ations" of Snedieor could prevail; nothing
could save them from the rejected list. Unfor-
tunate thirteen ! Fortunate twenty-five! For-
tunate Fulton township! For so patriotic and
loyal was it now that within its broad confines
hut one could be found who had enrolled dis-
loyal—and most unfortunate one! He alone
remained of all his many associates, the rebels
of Fulton.
But although Suedicor's evidence is alone
sufficient, to condemn the registration, we have
the evidence of another parly wlio was witness
to a portion of it. On page 120, Miscellaneous
Document No. (JO, W. H. Thomas, in answer
to the question how Snedieor conducted the
registration, says:
"X thought bis whole movements were contrary
to the law, in this that lie sul^oribed the names of
applicants instead of their sub-cribing their own
names, as the law directs ; and that he meiely asked
them if they could take the oath, instead of admin-
istering it."
It seems that Snedieor did not content, him-
self with qualifying men by mere explanations;
not only his heart and his bead were brought
into requisition, but bis hand and his pen also
render tribute. Accommodating Snedieor!
1 n some instances he did notdetm it neces-
sary to explain. 'The simple question, "Can
