18t>9.
m& CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
14M
found that they had no necessity for Indian
agents. The salary of the Vice President has
been raised from $5,000 to $8,000; that of
the Secretary of the Treasury from $3,500 to
$8,000: that of Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court from $4,000 to $6,500 ; and the salaries
of (lie principal foreign ministers from 39,000
to $17,500. The pay of members of Congress
has been raised from eight dollars a day while
•here in session, to $3,000 a year, and again to
$5,000. Now, in the application of the same
sort of equity, this, the only salary which has
not been increased since the foundation of this
Government, should be increased to at least
$40,000. I would prefer to make it $60,000;
I think it ought to be as much as that, and I
believe it is an increase that the-country would
justify.
There is nothing invidious in asking it in
this form and at this time. It can have no
application to the present Executive, because
•by the Constitution of-the country his salary
cannot be increased while he is in >ofiLee. But
•the salary of the incoming President can be
increased now, aud if it is not done before the
4th of March next it cannot be done at all.
The question therefore i3 shall it be raised
now, so far as the incoming Administration is
•concerned, or not <it all V I hare seen the
matter agitated in tbe.public prints, and I have
not seen even a country newspaper that was
not in favor of giving, even at this time of high
iprices and increased expenses, a larger salary
to the President of the United States than
$25,000. I hope my proposition will receive
the approbation of the committee, and that
there will be really no opposition to it.
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman an-
swer a question ?
Mr. PETERS. Yes, sir-.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire ta ask the gen-
tlemim if he makes this motion with the knowl-
edge and approbation of the President-elect?
Mr. PETERS. I have no personal connec-
tion with him ; I do not even know him per-
sonally ; but I know him by reputation very
well.
Mr. SPALDING. Then, sir, I undertake
to say this proposition would not meet his
approbation if it is sustained.
Mr. PETERS. Will the gentleman answer
-me a question ?
Mr. SPALDING. I will.
Mr. PETERS. Has the President-elect
informed Mm that he does not desire the salary
raised?
Mr. SPALDING. Substantially so, through
his answer to the committee that apprised him
of Ins election. [Laughter.]
Mr. PETERS. It is immaterial to me what
General Grant may ask or desire; I believe
the country would favor a salary of at least
$40,000.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachnsetts. Mr. Chair-
man. I agree that nominally the salary of the
President has not been raised. Bat that is a
very superficial view of the subject. We sup-
.ply'in the first place the White House. That
has always been done. W-e supply fuel for it.
Mr. PETERS. Have we always-done it?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
We supply fuel for the green-house, we sup-
ply the green-house with a garden and a gar-
dener, we supply the President with every ser-
vant he warns, we supply him with gas, with fur-
niture, with repairs lor the house, with station-
ery, with a short-hand writer, with four clerks,
(three new ones,) with a door-keeper and an
assistant door-keeper, with a furnace-keeper,
in short with everything on earth but what he
•puts in his mouth or on his back.
Mr. BENJAMIN. With music.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, with
music, and with men to go and hearit. [Laugh-
ter.] So that the salary of the President of
•the United States is very near $75,000 a year.
Not too much, but I do not want to have it
increased, and I shall not vote to have it
increased, when we ceme to take it all into
account. That being so? I think that wholly
independent of the question wfaetherthe Presi-
dent-elect does or does not want it—be certainly
has made no sign that he wants it—wholly inde-
pendent of til at and much more independent of
the question whether the country expects it or
does not want it. I insist that it is not proper
now to undertake to raise his salary in this way.
His salary has been substantially doubled since
the formation of the Government, and consider-
ably more than that even, taking into consider-
ation the difference of prices, and I have no
doubt that you would be doing injustice to his
feelings if you should attempt to raise it. I
think, coming in calling for economy and re-
trenchmentandwith all these immense expend-
itures for his use, which nobody begrudges, he
would not desire that that which goes to him
personally, that which his predecessor, Lincoln,
found in time of war was sufficient, that which
no President everyet desired should be raised,
should now be increased. I put it to the gen-
tleman's own good sense—and ao man has
more than he has—if upon the whole, with the
cry of retrenchment and reform in our mouths,
we should go forward and as our first act
raise the salary of the President of the United
States ?
Mr. PETERS. I will modify my amend-
ment by striking out the last word, for the pur-
pose of saying a few words.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will con-
fine his remarks to the reasons why the last
word, which is " aftnum," should be stricken
out. [Laughter.]
Mr. PETERS. I will move, then, to make
the amount $41,000 instead of $40,000.
Mr. ARCHER. I hope the gentleman will
make it $50,000.
Mr. PETERS. I suppose the last man in the
world who would intimate any feeling or ex-
pression of opinion to this House as to the
amount of his salary would be General Grant.
I presume he has not been consulted ; I pre-
sume he has no opinion; I presume he would
express none, and it would be very ungracious
on his part, and still more so, perhaps, upon
our part, if there was even an implied consul-
tation between him and the law-makers or any
of us who propose this increase of salary.
Now, as to these increases of compensation
in an indirect manner, which the gentleman
has referred to, they are, so far as the President
is concerned, insubstantial. A great portion
of these expenses were paid from the begin-
ning of the Government to the present day by
different acts of Congress, not so many, not so
much, because expenditures were not so many
and so much as at the present day. My propo-
sition is not to give him insubstantial things;
not to give him ebout, the White House para-
phernalia which he does not have the benefit
of, but which his countrymen only have the
benefit of; but I propose, while we are adding
all around in insubstantials, to add something
to the substantial salary which he is to receive.
I would not have offered the amendment if I
did not believe as a matter of judgment and
matter of conscience that the salary of the
President of the United States ought to be
more than $25,000 in greenbacks at the present,
day, whieh, reduced in gold, as I saw by an
article in the papers the other day, amounts to
fourteen or fifteen thousand dollars only. The
compensation is unequal, inequitable, unjust,
and unfair as compared with all the other com-
pensations of the Government.
I now withdraw ray amendment to'_ the
amendment, and ask a vote on the proposition
to give $40,000.
Mr. ARCHER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "forty thousand" and
inserting 11 fifty thousand."'
I offer that amendment to the amendment
in all earnestness and seriousness. The ques-
tion has been asked here whether General
Grant is in favor of this increase or not. I say
it makes no difference whether lie is in favor
of it or is not. I do not think his views ought
to be considered at all. The questionis whether
, the President of the United States—whether
i he be General Grant or any other man—shall
have an amount sufficient to maintain the
dignity of the American, people. Wby, J^r.
Chairman, when the salary of tnePresident was
fixed at $25,000 this country contained three
million people, and the President then enter-
tained the representatives of three million peo-
ple. Now, he has to entertain tie representa-
tives of thirty-five million people, aud there
ought to be % proportionate increase in his sal-
ary. The President of the United States now
entertains twice the number of foreign ministers
that he entertained when the salary was fixed
at $25,000 a year. '
Mr. SCOF1ELD. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a questioa ?
Mr. ARGHER. Certainly,
Mr. SCOF1ELD. Would it not be in ae-
cordance with the scope of the gentleman's
argument to put down $25,000 for salary and
$25,000 for dignity'! I understand the gentle-
man urges this increase of salary on tho ground
of dignity.
Mr. ARCHER. Any way that the gentle-
man pleases to put it in so that the President
gets the money to meet the expenses he is
obliged to incur, and not impoverish himself
and leave himselfattheendofliis term a poor
man, as has been the case with almost every
President.
As I was saying when interrupted, the Pres-
ident is now called upon to entertain at least
twice the number of foreign dignitaries that
were entertained when this Government was
first established. I hope the salary of the
President will bow be increased to at least
$50,000. I think it should be done, and I
hope it will be done. And when I urge this,
let members bear in mind that I am not one
of the supporters of General Grant. It can-
not, therefore, be supposed that I advocate
this from any personal friendship for him, for
I do not know him personally. I advocate it
simply because the President of the United
States should have a sum sufficient to enable
him to represent this country as it should be
represented by such an officer.
Mr. MULLINS. Mr. Chairman, I did not
think I could screw myself up to the point of
saying one word on the amendment proposed
here. I think very much of the geutleman
from Maine, [Mr. Peteks,] and I have a very
abiding respect for the-gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Archer.] The gentleman from
Maine first proposes an amendment to give the
President of the United States $40,000 as a
respectable, and a scarcely respectable, com-
pensation for his services. The gentleman
from Maryland proposes to increase it to
$50,000, and he gives as a reason for his
amendment that it is to clothe with dignity the
President elect.
Now, if the dignity of a man is made up
by money, I wonder what has become of the
dignity of all those men who, in the days of
Andrew Jackson, stole large sums of Govern-
ment money and Swartwouted and run off
to the East Indies and Asia and other coun-
tries? [Laughter.]
Mr. ROSS. And the whisky ring.
Mr. MULLINS. -Yes; and the whisky rings
of these days, that have gobbled up untold hun-
dreds of barrels of liquor, [laughter,] who by
their distillery inventions have increased the
I produce of the worm, letting two thousand gal-
i Ions go to pay the Government tax, while they
j turn off sixthousatidgallonsin another dep&rt-
1 ment and swindle the Government out of the
| tax upon it. That is dignity with a vengeance.
If money is to clothe a man with dignity,
God deliver me from this country mighty quick.
[Laughter.] If that is to be the hue and cry
in this country it will not be long before some
man, for the sake of dignity, will rip off with
the whole entire Treasury of the United Statefl;
: and they will find themselves strong enough,
P backed up by the greenbacks, which will make
j! a tremendous strong back, to pick up the
building, too. and carry that off. [Laughter.]
ji But coming down to the serious question at
i! issue here, that is the propriety of clothing the
ii President with the sum of $60,000, which is
