508
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
January 21,
yoa take the .oath?" answered affirmatively is
sufficient to .warrant him- to write down the
name. But perhaps it was well Snedieor wrote
the names, else those hands, stained by loyal'
blood not yet dry, might have soiled,the pure
sheets of his poll-book.
Thomas further swears that be furnished the
registrar a list of the persons who had enrolled
themselves disloyal, and that Snedieor regis-
tered about 200 such; and his answer to the
next question places this whole matter beyond
the shadow of a doubt, (on page 21:)
" Question. Did he enroll persons as qualified
voters who were disqualified from other causes?
" Aviroer. I think he did. a great many. I know
of many persons who had advocated the southern
cause, who had given aid and countenance to the
rebellion, who were not enrolled as disloyal, whom
he registered as qualified voters."
I call special attention to this part of the
testimony, because in the majority report it is
stated that this is "the only evidence introduced
for the purpose of showing a disregard of the
provisions of the law by any of the district
registers." It is not the " only testimony," as
I will show to this House. But the majority
report further states " on the other side, Sned-
ieor, the registrar of Fulton, testifies that he
did not register any person whom he knew to
be disqualified under the law," and the com-
mittee seem to place great confidence in Sned-
icor's testimony, while on the other hand the
testimony of Thomas seems to be discredited.
I will now positively demonstrate that Snedieor
illegally registered a rebel; that he could not
help knowing at the time that he was disquali-
fied ; in fact the applicant told him so when
applying to be registered. I refer now to the
testimony of Jesse Garner, on page 9 of Mis-
cellaneous Documents, No. 89:
" Question. By whom were you registered ?
"Answer. By Mr. Snedieor.
"Question. Were you wounded in the battle of
Wilson's creek?
" A union-. Yes, sir, X was.
" Question. Did Mr. Snedieor, the registrar, sec you
after you returned ?
" Answer. Yes, sir; I expect he did.
" Question. Did he make any inquiry of you when
yon registered?
"Answer. I told him I had been callcd out by
Jackson, and that I fought at Wilson's creelr.
"Question. Did you make any application to any
court, to relieve you of any disqualification ?
' Answer. I did not, sir."
And right here I ask the gentleman who
joined in the statement that "there is some
ground to doubt the truthfulness of Thomas"
whether there is any doubt as to the willful
misrepresentations of Snedieor, and why do
they condemn Thomas and can find no word
of censure for Snedieor?
So much for Fulton township ; and the same
seems to be true of the others. William B.
Miller, Miscellaneous Document No. 39, page
11, testifies that he knew of persons registering
in Nine-Mile Prairie-who were disqualified.
One of them, Franklin Bruce, had his arm
taken off at Moore's Mill fight. Besides this,
(page 12,) the names of Scholl, Hutz. and
James Bayley aregiven as having been illegally
registered. Here are four open, notorious reb-
els, and, as if this was not sufficient, the mark
of the rebellion was put on one by the loss of
his arm, testified to by one man alone. Who
can tell how many more there were ? And yet
the registrar, on page 1, Miscellaneous Docu-
ment, No. 12, testifies that he faithfully dis-
charged his duty.
Marcus Bird, on page 10, Miscellaneous
Document No. 39, testifies that he was one of
the enrolling officers under the conscript act;
that the disloyal sentiment was overwhelming,
and that the number of loyal voters under the
registry law would be about ten to the town-
ship. Yet in that township 77 were registered
as qualified, and but 9 were rejected.
We now come to St. Hubert township, in
which 142 were registered as qualified voters,
and nowhere in the evidence can 1 find a single
one rejected. Truly, here we might expect to
find the loyal paradise of Callaway county,-a
place where all are qualified, were it not for the
testi mony of one Albeit J. Heniug, who on page
10, Miscellaneous Document No. 89, testifies
that in the-fall of 1864 he joiaed'the rebel army;
he was registered by George A. Moore; the oath
was read to him and he was registered; the
registrar wrote his name. On his cross-ex-
amination lua says the reason he did not write
his own name was because he could not write.
But he could at least have made his mark in
accordance with a provision in the law; but
there is not a syllable of testimony to that
effect. The testimony is, that he neither took
the oath or subscribed his name.
Mr. Speaker, I do not desire to occupy the
time-of the House by more minutely entering
into the particulars of this case on this point.
The certified registration list irs before us, with
the remarks opposite their names.
Mr. UPSON. Will the gentleman state to
the House when that indorsement was made,
and by whom, on the registration list?
Mr. STOVER. With pleasure. I will an-
swer the last question first. It was made by
Mr. Thomas, and I do not know, neither can I
find any evidence, when it was made ; but I do
know that it is there. Does any one contradict
its truth ? Over 2,000 votes were registered in
1866, while it is in evidence before the commit-
tee that in 1868 only 664 were registered. Cal-
laway is one of the best agricultural counties in
the State of Missouri, and its location and gen-
eralfeatures make it peculiarlyattractiveto^im-
migrants. The influx of immigration for the last
three years into the State of Missouri, coming
from the East and the North and the South by
thousands, and young men attaining their ma-
jority, have been rapidly increasing our voting
population, and yet Callaway, with all her nat-
ural attractions, shows a decrease of nearly one
thousand. To what does all this point? Why
it teaches that, in 1866, 1,600 qualified voters
were not there : that the contestant himself and
the other witnesses were right when they esti-
mated the number of loyal voters at 200. For
my part, I am inclined to put the figures lower
than that. Was not the secretary of State right
when he considered the vote there not only so
tainted but so entirely covered with fraud that
he rejected the whole vote ?
On page 8 of the majority report it is stated
that the—
"Committee corae to the conclusion tbattherewas
no just and reasonable ground to fear personal vio-
lence or injury in consequence of appearing to make
and support objections to registration."
In my opinion the committee here transcend
their powers. The question is not were there
grounds for fear, but did that fear exist? It
is not, was there cause for intimidation? but
it is, were the people (and 1 mean the loyal
people) so intimidated that a fair election was
not held ? To sit on an easy chair in a finely
furnished committee-room, where peace and
quiet and order reign, with the Capitol police
to guard the door, thousands of troops to guard
the city, surrounded by works of art and ne-
nius, while in the distance forts and battle-
ments tower toward the skies, is a position of
comparative security; and it takes strong words,
ay, almost belligerent acts, to create fear or
intimidation. But on the sparsely-populated
western prairies, where the wild wolf is your
nearest neighbor, where a man's wearing ap-
parel is not complete unless he has a brace of
revolvers strapped to his back, and where war
is not a pleasing tradition to be told at the
evening fireside, but where the empty chairs
in the social circle, the absent loved ones,
the habiliments of mourning in which those
present are clad, betoken that war is a stern,
terrible, direful reality; the threat "a free elec-
tion or a free fight," means something. This
may be idle talk to gentlemen from the north-
ern and eastern States, but I am satisfied that
those from the border States fully appreciate it.
What intimidation, then, do w'e find in Cal-
laway county? In Cedar township John Yount
savs^Mis. Doe. No. 39, p. 17) " they threatened
law-suits ; they said around they would have a
free election or afree fight..'' Some were afraid
to act as witnesses, and they threatened to
hang him because he was a friend of the Gov-
ernment. He was afraid to risk acting as a
witness. In. Miscellaneous Document No. 12,
page 8, we, find his certificate:
I hereby certify that I was appointed by Thomas
Ansell as registrar of Cedar township, in Callaway
county, Missouri: that I entered upon the discharge
of my duties according to law, and rejected all per-
sons whom I knew, from my own personal knowl-
edge, to be disqualified. Many persons who were
registered by me as qualified voters were reported to
me by various witnesses as being guilty of many acts
of disloyalty; but said witnesses informed me that
if they were to come before me and testify to the
facts they would be compelled to leave their homes,
and rather than do so, even under compulsory pro-
cess, they would get out of the way. Knowing this
I thought it useless to attempt to forcibly bring them
before me, knowing also that such a proceeding
would endanger their lives. Many good Union men
informed me that on account of the threats and
intimidations against them they thought it unsafe to
go to the place of registering and voting, and did not
do so. From what X know and have seen since the
passage of the registry law X amfnlly convinced that
there could not be a legal registration made in Cal-
laway county under the circumstances as they ex-
isted at the time of the present registration.
Given under my hand this December 8,1866
JOHN YOUNT.
When the contestant showed him his former
certificate and asked him which was true he
said:
" I thought the first one was true when I made it,
but from what I know now, and so far as I have any
proofs, I am satisfied the first one is true yet with the
exception of ten or fifteen names."
That is, he now knew the first one was false
as regards ten or fifteen names, but. nowhere
does he say that his second certificate is not
true, and the statement that various witnesses
informed him that if they were to come before
him and testify to the facts they would be com-
pelled to leave their homes, and rather than do
so they would get out of the way, and that he
knew this would endanger their lives, stands
uncontradicted and shows the state of feeling
in that township.
Abram Snethen, page 18, Miscellaneous
Document No. 39, in answer to the question
" would it have been safe for a man to have
objected to a man's registering," says:
" I thought not.
" Question. Do you know of any intimidation in
your township against the execution of the registry
law?
"Answer. It was a common thing to make threats
then.
" Question. Did such threats prevent men aetinp: as
witnesses before the registrar against disqualified
persons?
" Answer. I think they di 1.
" Question. State the character of those threats.
" Answer. If they could not vote they would pre-
vent others from doing so."
This gentleman testifies to the state of feel-
ing existing in Coto Sans des Sein township.
Jonathan McKinney testifies to Aux Yasse
township. He says :
"I could not speak my sentiments in every crowd.
I was told if I did not keep quiet I would be hung."
And a little further on he says :
" There were but two or three Union men in my
neighborhood."
James Turley, registrar of Bourbon town-
ship, says (page 10, Mis. Doc. No. 39) no objec-
tions were made to those offering to register,
but he was told by some that objections would
have been made if it would have been consid-
ered safe to do so. Here are the loyal citizens
of an entire township laboring under such a
restraint that although they see known rebels
perjure and register themselves, yet the fear
of violence bound their tongues and made
them quiet spectators of this wrong. And
yet the majority report says that "we do not
believe there was ground for fear." But
this same Turley, when he becomes the con-
testant's witness, (Mis. Doc. No. 12, p. 5,)
says, " I am certain that the few loyal men of
my district were afraid to make objections,"
"and I fully believe it would have been dan- ,
gerous for them to have done so." These
gentlemen in their cozy committee-room can -
see no cause for intimidatipri, but James Tur-
ley, who lived, not in this committee-room,
but in Callaway county, surrounded by swarms
of rebels, and who judged the temper and tone
of those around liina by his intimate knowl-
edge ,of their character, says no objections
were made because it would have been dan-
gerous. But on this point the majority use
