1460
THE .COiV&fiESSKMAL GLOBE.
February 23,
argued for on the ground that it is necessary to
be dotte to give him dignity, I ask tfaS American
feople if-their condition is su'eh aa-willwarrant
«nr going into the Treasury when she is trem-
bling at every solitary extremity, whert the very
extremities of the Government are paralyzed,
fthd why ? It- is because the' tax-gatherer is at
the door of every inhabitant of the-United
St&tes; dragging out the little pittance of the
people, and now you want to take that for- -the
purpose of clothing the President and making
him dignified'.- 1
Consider for a moment what really constitutes
dignity: Dignity arises from the mefttal fac-
ulties and the physical energies of the man
carried out in action. The true man asks not
dollars and cents to make him dignified. The
American people have dignified Ulysses S.
'Grant so that he can look the proudest monarch
in the face. In View of his achievements upon
-the battle-fieldi kingdoms and despotisms are
quaking as did Belshazzar. [Laughter.] Ulys-
ses S. Grant has capped the climax of grandeur.
• His nobility is such that nobility itself goes upon
the knee to him. Ulysses S. Grant has been
elected to his high office by the American peo-
ple who are able and willing to-make men
mighty because their deeds are mighty. It is
not the money, but the man and his achieve-
ments that go to make tip dignity. If a rascal
has wealth is he dignified? If he-is, then we
may find dignity in the penitentiary; and as to
many there'confined, God send that the devil
had the key and would throw it away so that
those bad men should no more depredate upon
-society. [Laughter.] Ulysses S. Grant is dig-
nified soul and body ; and the American peo-
ple,-when the time comes for them to act,
always dignify men who are worthy.
i jet us dignify ourselves by prudent economy.
Let it be understood that General Grant does
not ask a Republican Congress to fill his cof-
fers when the tax-gatherer is rapping at every
man's door, and wh«n the universal cry is
" retrenchment! " Mental worth is what the
people value in General Grant. They know
that ho is in favor of an economical adminis-
tration ; that, tried in- the furnace, he has
proved himself honest and faithful, willing to
do an American's duty. They know that he
will fill the executive chair with ability, with-
out being bribed thereto by any extra pay to
be raised from the sweat of honest labor, which
is already heavily enough taxed in order to
pay the debt that to-day is making this Gov-
ernment bleed at every pore.
[Mere the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
[Laughter.]
Mr. Archer's amendment to the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. Peteks's amendment was not agreed
to ; there being—ayes ten, noes not counted.
Mr. EUGBY. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to, there being—ayes
85, noes 43. j
The Committee accordingly rose; and the !
Speakerhavingresnmedthechair,Mr. Schexuk i
reported that the Committee of the Whole on I
the state of the Union, having had under con- i
sideration the Union generally, and partieu- ,
larly the bill (H. B. No. 1673) making appro- j
priations for the legislative, executive, and ■
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 80th of June, 1870, had come j
to no resolution thereon. I
DEFICIENCIES IN INDIAN SEKVICK. j
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts,'from the
Committee on Appropriations, submitted a
report upon the estimates of General Harney
and J. B. Sanborn for deficiencies, &c.,in the
Indian service; which was referred to the,
Committee of the Whole on the state of the !
Union, and ordered 16 be printed. '
CLAIM OF 3. 0. D. BLACKBURN.. |
On motion of Mr. BUT-LEB, of Massachu- I
setts, by unanimous consent, the Committee
on Appropriations was discharged from the
further consideration of a letter of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, submitting vouchers of
J: 6. ©-. Blackburn for subsistence furnished
Washita • and- other affiliated tribes of India®®;
and the same was referred to the-Committee
of Claims.
INSTITUTION IN ALASKA.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, of Massachu-
setts, by unanimous consent, the' Committee
on Appropriations was discharged from the
further-consideration of letters of the Secre-
tary of the "Interior and the Secretary of the
treasury relating to' s.uffering and' destitution
among the natives residing on the,islands of
St. Paul and St. George near the coast of
Alaska ; and the same were referred to the
Coriimittee on Foreign Affair's. " , "
WALLA-WALL A SAIMIOA0. ■
- Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I rise to a privi-
leged question, and call up the motion to re-
consider the vote by which on the 14 th of Jan-
uary last the bill (H. R. No. 1041) granting
the right'of way to the Walla-Walla and Col-
umbia River Railroad Company, and for other
purposes, was Ordered to be engrossed.
- Mr.-ROSS. I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
(at ten o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) ad-
journed.
PETITIONS, ETC. ,
■ The following petitions,'&c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BANKS: A petition of citizens
(male and female) residing irr Waltham, Pem-
broke, East Cambridge, Boston, Charlestown,
North Billerica, and Melrose, Massachusetts,
praying that in any proposed amendment to
the Constitution in regard to suffrage in the
District of Columbia, or any Territory, the
right of voting may be given to women on the
same terms as to men.
By Mr, BURLEIGH: Three remonstrances
of citizens of the Territory of Dakota against
the destruction of their territorial government.
By Mr. DELANO: The memorial of the
Rev. James White and 1,000 others, citizens
'of the thirteenth congressional district of Ohio,
praying alteration in the Constitution of the
United States recognizing the Supreme Being.
By Mr. JULIAN : A petition of 56 citizens
of Michigan, praying that in any change or
amendment to the Constitution to extend or
regulate suffrage no distinction shall be made
between men and women.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: A
petition of citizens of Lawrence county, Penn-
sylvania, for an amendment to the Constitution
of the. United States, so that God and his Son,
Jesus Christ, may be more fully recognized as
the ruler of the nation.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: A memorial of
citizens of Alleghany county, Pennsylvania,
praying that the Constitution bo so amended
as to recognize Almighty God as the source of
all power.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of R. A.
Hunter and a number of others, citizens of
Perry and Spencer counties, in the State of
Indiana, praying that the Constitution may be
amended so as to recognize the Christian
religion as of supreme authority in the affairs
of the Government.
By Mr. PETTIS: Two petitions of citizens
of Crawford county, Pennsylvania, asking an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States so that it may acknowledgd Almighty
God as the source of all power.
Also, three petitions of citizens of Mercer
county, Pennsylvania, for the same purpose.
By Mr. POLAND : The petition of Rev. P.
B. Fisk and 229 others, citizens of Vermont,
praying an amendment of the Constitution so
that God may be acknowledged as the proper
source of all government on earth.
By Mr. KELLEY: A petition of citizens of
the United States, praying Congress to print
the letter of E. B. Elliott, esq., on the subject
of-the unification of the coinage of the world.
- ' .'-HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES. '
' " 'fti'ESB.AY, February'?*, 1869.
The-House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. BoYifTox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved. -
- DELEGATE FROM WYOMING.
Mr. COOK, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, submitted a report, concluding with the
following resolution:
Resol&pA, That J. S. Casement is not en-titled to a
seat in this House as Delegate from the Territory
of Wyoming. ,
. * The report was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed. - - -
.. PACIFIC RAILROAD.-
Mr. PRICE. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table Senate biB No.
871, to authorize the transfer of landsgranted
to the Unioti Pacific Railway Company, eastern
division, to the Denver- Pacific Railway and
Telegraph Company, and to expedite the com-
pletion of railroads to Denver, in the Territory
of Colorado.
Mr. MUNG-EN. I object.
DUTY ON COPPER ORB, ETC.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following veto message of the President:
The Clerk read as follows:
To the House of Representatives:
The accompanying bill, entitled " An aet
regulating-the duties on imported copper and
copper ores," is, for the following reasons,
returned, without my approval, to the House
of Representatives, in which branch of Con-
gress it originated.
Its immediate effect will be to diminish the
public receipts, for the object of the bill can-
not be accomplished without seriously affect-
ing the importation of copper and copper ores,
from which a considerable revenue is at present
derived. While thus impairing the resources
of the Government, it imposes an additional
tax upon an already overburdened people, who
should not be further impoverished that mo-
nopolies may be fostered and corporations
enriched. - -
It is represented, and the declaration seems
to be sustained by evidence, that the duties for
which this bill provides are nearly or quite
sufficient to prohibit the importation of certain
foreign ores of copper. Its enactment, there-
fore, will prove detrimental to the shipping
interests of the nation, and at the same time
destroy the business, for many years success-
fully established, of smelting home ores in
connection with a smaller amount of the im-
ported articles. This business, it is credibly
asserted, Iras heretofore yielded the larger
share of the copper production of the country,
and thus the industry which this legislation is
designed to encourage is actually less than
that which will be destroyed by the passage of
this bill.
It seems also to be evident that the effect
of this measure will be to enhance, by seventy
per cent., the cost of blue vitriol—an article
extensively used in dyeing and in the manu-
facture of printed and' colored cloths. To
produce such an augmentation in the price of
this commodity will be to discriminate against
other great branches of domestic industry, and
by increasing" their cost to expose them most
unfairly to the effects of foreign competition.
Legislation- can neither be wise nor just which
seeks the welfare of a single interest at the ex-
pense and to the injury of many and varied
interests at least equally important and equally
deserving the consideration of Congress. In-
deed, it is difficult to find any reason which
will justify the interference of Government
with any legitimate industry, except so far as
maybe rendered necessary by the requirements
of the revenue. As has already been stated,
however, the legislative intervention proposed
in the present instance will diminish, not in-
crease, the public receipts.
The enactment of such a law is urged as
necossary for the relief of certain mining in-
