510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
at the game election, and whether their elec-
tion has ever been questioned by the Legisla-
ture of the State ?
Mr. McCORMICK. There were both town-
ship and county officers elected at the same
election who qualified under that election, the
Governor of the State himself commissioning
them, and no one questioned their right. They
were elected under the same registration w.hich
was declared by Mr. Thomas, the supervisor
of registration for the county, to be illegal.
Mr. UPSON. And memhers of the Legis-
lature? /
Mr. McCORMICK. A member of the-Legis-
lature for that county was also elected.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would ask my colleague
if he is not fully aware that the Legislature pf
the State of Missouri on two separate occa-
sions-have had the validity of this election in
Callaway county under consideration, and in
both instances sustained the secretary of State ?
Is not that the fact?
. Mr. McCORMICK. Yes, that is the fact;
but the office,r whose duty it was to issue the
certificate of election to the Representative
from that county has in np-case questioned his
right to the certificate' of election. The whole
thing grows out of the simple fact that the
secretary of State of Missouri has, for partisan
purposes, undertaken to override the wishes
and will of the majority of the qualified voters
of Callaway qounty.
Now, we are told by gentlemen here that the
contestant himself in 18G2 or 1863 declared by
letter that there were not two hundred loyal
men in Callaway county. That letter has never
been produced, and it never can be produced,
because^ it never was written; but if he had
written it, what was the condition of the county
of Callaway in 1862, when the torrent of rebel-
lion swept over more than one half of the ter-
ritory of the State of Missouri ? The loyal
men of Callaway county were then in the field
in defense of their country, and he might very
well say in truth that the loyal men were not
there, and that those who were disaffected to
our Government, and were not sufficiently
strong iii their febel proclivities to take up
arras against the Government, were still there.
But we are told there is evidence here to-
day that the reason why the registration of
Callaway county in 1866 must have been ille-
gal is that in 1808 not much more than half
the number were registered. I admit that
such is the case, but it can very easily bo ac-
counted for on another ground. It is that the
very men who in 1S6G attempted to override
the wishes of the loyal voters of that county
have undertaken to strike down and reduce
tlie number of voters in such away as to make
their action in 18G6 appear plausible. But
suppose that the registration in 1866 had been
no greater than it was in 18G8, still the con-
testant would be elccted by a majority of the
qualified voters.
But the gentleman who has just taken his
seat [Mr. Stovei<.] says that because there
were some men registered in Callaway county
who we^e not entitled to be registered the
whole county should be thrown out. Sir, there
is no justice iri that sort of argument; there
is no right in it. It may be, and it probably is,
the ease that in every county within the broad
limits of the Republic of the United States
there have been more or less men .voting in it—
boys under age or aliens—who are not entitled
to vote. _ And if you are to invalidate the
election in onecouaty because certain persons
voted who were not entitled to vote, then, in
my judgment, you would by the same rule in-
validate the election of every member upon
tins floor. Sir, no such argument is just,
equitable, or reasonable, and I am very confi-
dent this House will not sustain it.
But there is another view of this question
that comes home to this House. The Consti-
tution of the United States secures to the Con-
gress of the United States the sole right to be
the judge of the election, qualifications, and
returns_of its own members. That constitu-
tional right, secured to this body by the fathers
of this Republic for the highest and most im-
portant purposes, is a right underlying the
proper organization of the legislative depart-
ment of this Republic. It is a right secured by
constitutional enactment to prevent the en-
croachments of the executive department'upon
the legislative department.
But in the State of Missouri we have an
officer, the secretary of State, who has no judi-
cial functions, who has no legislative functions,
who is a mere scrivener for the Commonwealth
of Missouri,, who yet assumes to make and un-
make Congressmen at his own good will and
pleasure; who has arrogated to himself the
right to thrust men upon this floor in violation
of the rights of this House, and in violation of
the wishes of the loyal men of the ninth con-
gressional district of Missouri, who have re-
jected the sitting member by a majority of
1,160 votes.
_ Mr. Speaker, there is a great principle of
right underlying this question, and I feel con-
fident that this House will to-day not only sus-
tain its own rights, but will rebuke this man
who has attempted by his own. authority to
force men upon this floor. I believe this House
will inflict a rebuke upon the secretary of the
State of Missouri, as well as deal justly with
those interested in this case.
I will not now consume any more of the time
of this House, but will leave this subject to be
discussed by others.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Speaker, on a for-
mer occasion I discussed this question at length,
and whatever I may have to say upon the subject
at this time will be to a considerable extent a
reiteration and a repetition of the arguments
which I submitted to this House -on that oc-
casion.
I will admit tlie intensity of my own feel-
ings when I consider this subject. But at the
same time I claim that I share the feelings of
every loyal man and every loyal woman in the
State of Missouri. So as this is a life or death
struggle, the simple question is whether the
loyal^ men of Missouri shall govern that State;
that is the question. Disguise it as we may,
look at it in whatever light we will, examine
and apply the law as we may, we come back
to this point at last: shall the loyal people of
the State of Missouri from henceforth occupy
the position that the loyal people of the State
of Kentucky and the loyal people of the State
of Maryland occupy, or shall those who saved
the State in the hour of its trial be permitted
to govern it from this time on?
We have, sir, by our laws—and this was
brought about after a desperate struggle—suc-
ceeded in maintaining the ascendency of the
loyal people in our State. The House of Rep-
resentatives of the Congress of the United
States is to-day called upon to pass on the
question, may we be permitted to do this in
the future and in our own way? We knew
there that when this contest should end in the
field there would be another contest at the
polls. _ We knew very well that these men
returning from fighting in the rebel ranks would
be able to vote us down, reenforced as they
would be by a certain party in the State of
Missouri that claimed to be loyal during the
war. Knowing this we went to work, and by
a constitution adopted by the people of that
State, provided that those who had been dis-
loyal during the rebellion should not be per-
mitted to hold office or to vote in the elections
that were to follow. We flattered ourselves
that we bad made that exclusion effectual. We
believe to day we have done so. We provided
by a registry law, which was required by the
constitution we had adopted, that certain acts
should be done and that certain persons should
be excluded from the elective franchise. In
order to make those provisions effectual we had
to intrust power somewhere, and we intrusted
it to a board of registration in each county.
We made further provision that the lists of that
registration should be certified by the president
of the board to the secretary of State.
We knew another thing: that in these in-
tensely disloyal counties —of which this county
of Callaway was one, being perhaps the most
bitterlydisloyal county in the State, the Union
men being borne down there by a majority of
more than ten to one—we knew that in such
localities it would be almost impossible to ex-
ecute the'law in its letter and its spirit. It was
openly proclaimed by the opposition, "You
cannot enforce your registration laws here;
we will not permit them to be. enforced here
under any -circumstances." Prominent indi-
viduals, among them men fresj} from the ranks
of the "rebel army, "went about' the country ha-
ranguing^ the people and urging Item to rise
up in their might and put down the registration
law in these counties, on the ground that it was
revolutionary, unconstitutional,and void, (using
almost the exact language, that was used in the
New York platform in regard to your recon-
struction laws,) and should not be enforced in
their midst.
Mr. McCORMICK. Will my colleague per-
mit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. McCORMICK. Has not the Supreme
Court of the United States declared that the
test oath required by the constitution of the
State of Missouri is in conflict with the Con-
stitution of the United States?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Supreme Court of
the United States has said that preachers are
not bound to take that oath. We are not try-
ing preachers here to-day. The validity of
this registration law has been passed upon in
numerous instances by the courts, which have
uniformly pronounced it constitutional in all
its aspects and in all its bearings.
But, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Cook] has remarked in his speech
that there was no intimidation, no disturbance,
no violence in the county of Callaway during
the time this registration was going on. I will
admit that such was the fact; that all the in-
timidation preceded the registration ; that all
the violence preceded the attempt to register
the voters in that county. The confederate
soldiers there met and laid down their plat-
form. A prominent ex-member of Congress
proclaimed to the people there that they should
make to the registering officers the demand,
" My rights or your blood 1" Leading papers
of the State called upon the people to " rally
in their own defense to shake off the shackles
that bound them." This was all done prior to
the attempt to register.
The loyal men there, as I have stated, were
outnumbered ten to one; and when the day
of registration came every individual who
presented himself and asked to be registered
was permitted to be registered without ques-
tion. The superintendent of registration cer-
tifies under his own hand to that fact. Three
of the registering officers of the county certify
to the same fact. In consequence of this state
of things, there wert*registered in that county
as voters in 1866, not sixteen hundred per-
sons, as stated by my colleague, [Mr. Stover,]
but about twenty-one hundred. In 18G8, the
year just passed, we had a new registration,
and the Governor of the State provided for
carrying out the registration laws in that county
even if the whole military force of the State
were necessary to do it. The county was
registered anew. I do not recollect the exact
number, but about 500 votes were polled.
Apply the registration of 1868 to 1866 and
it elects the sitting member. A question
was asked by the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr; Upsox] of his colleague on the commit-
tee whether, if we reject the seven hundred odd
names on the list as disqualified under the law
the contestant would not still be elected ; and
the response was that such is the fact. That
is true. But those remarks are only placed
opposite the names of those who were known
to be disloyal, those of whom we had record
evidence, and no attempt was made to inquire
into the loyalty^ of the balance. But more
than one third of all were notoriously disloyal,
had placed themselves on the record as dis-
loyal, and were excluded by the constitution
and laws of Missouri.
