1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1463
ferior iron and so-called steel1 bells that are
now extensively made in various parts of the
country, as it must necessarily enhance the
advantage which they already possess over us
in the comparative prices of genuiue copper
and tin bells and those of iron.
Sir. there is not a eharch bell or a free acad-
emy bell in the country, if the pastors of the
churches and the principals of the academies
understand their interest*, that will not ring
out against this enormous duty imposed upon
every bell and every bell foundery. It is as
revoking to the church as it is to the State.
And now, sir, to go from the sublime to the
ridiculous, there is in this bill a very absurd
element. You have not been content with
taxingchurch bells, with protecting monopolies,
with damaging the commercial and the ship-
ing interests of the country, but you have come
down from the pinnacle of the church-tower to
the common dye-pot of every old woman in
our country. There is not a log cabin or hut
or domicile where there is an old woman with
a dye-pot that will not cry out against you for
raising the tax on a dye-stuff which is nearly
as high as its actual value but for your bill.
Ifyou cannot be reached, then, by the church-
bell interest nor by the common interests of
the country, I trust every old woman with her
dye-pot will affix her mark of reprobation upon
every man who supports a bill of this character.
I have much more to say, but in order to
bear from the other side of the House I yield
the remainder of the time allowed me to the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
[Mr. Pike.]
Mr. PiKE. Mr. Speaker, I have not time,
as the House will perceive, to discuss the
measure we are now called to vote upon ; but
I wish to make a request of gentlemen on this
side of the House. 1 hope gentlemen will par-
don me for making it, but my request is that
each member will vote upon this measure
according to his own sentiment; that he will
express his own deliberate judgment upon it
by his vote. I am told that this is a cool prop-
osition. I am aware that I am doing some-
thing that gentlemen might deem extravagant.
I know how this House has opposed the Pres-
ident of the United States; I participate in
the feeling; I have expressed it frequently by
my voice and my vote here upon this floor.
But gentlemen must recollect that they are
now called upon to vote upon a measure of
public policy. They are to determine whether
one of the worst forms of class legislation,
simply and only for the bengfit of a class of
Wall street stock speculators, shall pass this
House under the honored but abused name of
protection. The question is whether you shall
protect speculators in State street and in Wall
street who own copper stocks. Under the
abused name of protection gentlemen upon
this side of the House are called upon to rally
to the support of these innocent people who
are suffering so much.
Under these circumstances I ask gentlemen
of this House—under other circumstances I
would not ask it—that, notwithstanding this
proposition is clothed with all the unpopularity
of a veto from the President., I ask them for
once to divest themselves of all extraneous
circumstances, and to vote simply upon this
measure. If they can do that, there is no
doubt what the vote of this House will be. I
have no doubt that a majority of my associates
on this side of the House are opposed to this
measure. [Cries of "Oh!" "Oh!" '•No!"
''No!'-] I have not the slightest doubt thatif
gentlemen here would express their real senti-
ments by their votes a majority on this side
of the House would be found to be opposed to
this measure. It is idle nonsense to talk about
a protective policy when that, policy is to em-
brace one single interest and to exclude all
others. You talk about a protective policy
which enhances the price of copper for the
benefit of the producers of copper, and on the
other hand taxes ray constituents, who are the
consumers of copper, the exact sum that the
producers realize : and there is no correspond-
ing measure, direct or indirect, for the benefit
of my constituents ; not one.
Why, sir, this whole protective system is a
system that originally, under the lead of the
great Senator from Kentucky, Mr. Clay, was
fixed upon this country to protect in its wide
embrace all interests; and even under that
system it did not struggle into successful exist-
ence. And here we have not the system itself,
not the principle upon which it is based, but
the remains of it, a small part of it calculated
to benefit stock operators, a very mean speci-
men of class legislation.
I haye not time now to go into this matter
fully. I close, as I began, by simply asking
gentlemen to vote upon this measure and not
upon Andrew Johnson.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr Drjggs] twelve min-
utes of my time, his colleague [Mr. Blair]
having already taken three minutes of the time
I intended to give him, [Mr. Driggs.]
Mr. DRIGGS. As my friend from Mary-
land [Mr. Phelps] seems to think that some
remarks of my colleague [Mr. Blair] should
receive some notice from him, I will yield five
of my twelve minutes to him.
Mr. PHELPS. As I cannot get all I think
I am entitled to, I will take what I can get. In
the first place, let me acknowledge my indebt-
edness to the eourtesy of the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Driggs] for the time he has
yielded to me.
I desire to pay my respects to his colleague,
[Mr. Blair,] who has illustrated here to-day
the peculiar propensity of the advocates of this
extraordinary measure in all its stages by draw-
ing upon his imagination for his facts. He was
so fanciful as to refer to a recent official visit
of the corporate authorities of the city of Balti-
more, a portion of which city I have the honor
to represent, a visit of courtesy to the out-going
President of the United States, for the purpose
of extending to him, as has been the habit of our
authorities at the close of nearly every Adminis-
tration, the hospitalities of our city as he passed
through it on his way home; and from the fact
that their immediate Representative was the
organ selected by these gentlemen for the pur-
pose of making the official introduction of the
mayor and city council of Baltimore to the
President, and the coincidence of the time
selected with the day on which the veto mes-
sage of the President was sent to Congress—
from these facts he attempts to draw the con-
clusion that that visit and my presence there
had a connection with this veto, if the veto was
not a direct consequence thereof.
Now, my friend from Michigan is entirely
at fault. It was not long since that upon a
similar occasion I had the honor to make a
similar introduction of that same municipal
body to the incoming President of the United
States. Upon learning that it was his inten-
tion to visit the city of Baltimore the city
council came down and tendered to him the
hospitalities of that city, and I was then, as
recently, the organ selected to present them to
the President-elect. Now, the gentleman from
Michigan might just as well infer from that
fact that I am to be a member of General
Grant's Cabinet as to say that this veto of this
copper bill has any connection whatever with
the visit of the mayor and city council upon
the occasion referred to.
Now, sir, the facts in this case are simple;
and if members will only give the question
their attention—those I mean who are not im-
mediately interested through^ the interests of
their constituents—I ara satisfied that a fair
and earnest consideration will satisfy every
candid and impartial mind in this House, every
mind not colored by prejudice, not warped by
local interests, that the bill reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means and passed by
Congress was a bill upon which the exercise of
the President's veto was a proper and righteous
interposition of the constitutional prerogative.
This is a bill to increase the duty upon cop-
per in the or® to three centsperpound, making,
at an estimate of twenty-two hundred and forty
pounds to the ton, a duty of $67 20 per ton
upon the raw material. What is that raw ma-
terial? The class of copper ore upon which
this high duty is laid is a particular class of
copper ores imported into this country from
Chili mainly and from Cuba; and those ores,
mark you, are not brought to this country for
the purpose of being smelted in the condition
in which they come here, and in that manner
competing with the domestic product, but those
ores are imported for the special and sole pur-
pose of fluxing the domestic sulphuret ores,
which require the admixture of the foreign
carbonates in order to their economical smelt-
ing, and that admixture is made in the propor-
tion of one ton of the foreign to two tons of
the native ore.
[Here the hammer fell.]
_ Mr. DRIGGS. Mr. Speaker, in the brief
time allowed me I will say only a word in
reference to the remark of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Pike,] who assumes that this
bill has been gotten up entirely in the inter-
est of the stock-jobbers of Wall street. I can
assure the gentleman that the thirty thousand
miners of the Lake Superior region would
promptly repel any such imputation with ref-
erence to their houest industry.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Phelps]
has urged that it is necessary to have the for-
eign carbonates to mix with the domestic snl-
phurets for the purpose of fluxing the latter.
Upon this point I may say that the evidence
before the Committee of Ways and Means in
the House and the Finance Committee in the
Senate has shown conclusively that the car-
bonate ores from Chili are brought into this
country because they require-our snlphurets
to flux them ; but as the mines in this country
which are producing sulphurets in quantity
smelt their own ores, the Baltimore smelters
are dependent on Chili and Canada for the
requisite sulphurets, whicli are brought to Bal-
timore in large quantites. It is the testimony
of every one who knows anything of smelting
American ores that they do not require the
admixture of these foreign carbonates. My
friend from Tennessee [Mr. Matxard] told
me a few moments ago that in his section of
the country the native ores are constantly fluxed
without the mixture of these foreign carbonates.
And the same is true of California.
Let me say further that when these carbon-
ates, the product of peon labor, are brought
from Chili, the smelters do not always get the
: American sulphurets for fluxing the ore, but
to a large extent obtain sulphurets from Can-
ada. The representatives of Canadian interests
have been here with their money to defeat the
passage of this bill, because Canada is inter-
ested in sending to Baltimore her ores which,
being mixed with carbonates from Chili, defeat
entirely the whole American interest.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the President of the
United States in his veto message alludes to
one thing which I cannot allow to pass with-
( out some reference. He says he hopes that
| the temporary suffering of the people of Lake
Superior, if this interest is depressed there,
will be more than compensated by their return
to agriculture in that region which promises
such rewards! He does not seem to know
that that country is covered with snow for nearly
eight months in the year; and that it is of vol-
canic formation, and but very little can be raised
upon it. When, therefore, he speaks of the
return of the people there to the pursuit of
agriculture he exhibits a woful ignorance of
the Lake Superior region.
Again, he says that this is an attempt to
break down the works of Baltimore. He says
that we will strike down a greater interest by
the passage of the bill than will be benefited
if it does pass. Let us contrast these interests.
The interest to be benefited by the passage of
this bill has a capital invested of $50,000,000
and employs thirty thousand men. Letm« read
from the report of the Board of Trade of Bald-
more as to the interest in that city:
" There i:' now but one of the establishments of the
