512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
exhausted to prevent their performance of a
resolution so hazardous. The reign of terror,
of fearful insecurity, has been encountered, and
only through the taking of their lives in their
hands with a full determination to win "liberty
or death" have the loyal men of th<3 South
made their Way thus far in the settlement of
the great problem intrusted to their solution.
Fraud unexampled, bribery unparalleled,
violence unmerciful, and every species of cor-
ruption known, except where total depravity
prevails, has been the actuating endeavor of
the unrepentant and unreconciled traitor who
still "lives and moves and has his being" in
the counsels of those who pretend "they are
ready to submit to the manifest sentiments of
destiny," only that they may the more speedily
- clutch at the throat of our national existence.
During the last election, when the decision
was to be made whether we would have peace
or war; whether reconstruction should be a
success or a failure; when the enunciations of
men at the North and men at the South Were so
unmistakable that "the wayfaring man though
a fool" could not mistake their interpreta-
tions; when the old leaders, whose bugle calls
had aroused the spirits of sedition in the
past, looked their comrades in the eye and bade
them gather for "the last grand struggle,"
and reprobate patriots struck hands and uni-
ted purposes to turn back the wheels of pro-
gress in the cause of the rehabilitation of
the South ami reiSchoed the heresy of rebels ;
when the acts of this national Legislature,
passed by the representatives of loyal States,
to preserve the whole Union from the hands
of the treason-workers and covenant-breakers,
were declared "unconstitutional, illegal, and
void," and plots already had been perfected
and proclaimed to set aside the work already
done, close the doors of the Legislative Assem-
blies that had been opened by the key of
"equal rights" given by constitutional provis-
ions to all men, through the power transmitted
by the highest tribunal of the land; when hope
had been inspired in the breasts of the mourn-
ers over the rolled-up parchments of secession
and the flags of rebellion, and they believed
that a rally around the ballot-box would give
them what they had lost through the cartridge-
box, then did the loyal men ot' the South dis-
cover the danger that encompassed them and
the peril that was before them more imminent
than ever; then did they learn the fallacy of
the confessions of those who have affirmed
1' that they recognize the fact that the hope
of the present as well as the future of the
South lies in the stability of the Government
of the United States." Those who were really
the organizers of the opposition to congres-
sional policies did not believe snch a doctrine,
nor do they believe it now. It was a strong
invention of the enemy, and well calculated to
deceive those who are willing to believe the
wolf a lamb that hides himself in the fleece of
innocence. 1 counsel those who hear me to
beware, and cautiously to legislate in the future.
True, armed rebellion does not exist, but the
fires of sedition burn upon the altars which
have been set up in the hearts of those who
still reverence the stars and the bars. They
sit in the lurking places of the villages, and in
secretplaces,as wellasopen, murdertheUnion-
ists. The blood of our colleague cries out
from the ground, though his voice is hushed
by the violent and the cruel men of Arkansas,
who would consign to sudden death every
member of Congress who sympathizes with the
work of loyal reconstruction had they the op-
portunity. Universal amnesty has bid the
head and front of the confederacy return, and
by their works in the past we are to judge
whether they will be inactive in the future. °
During the last election, not only were men
not allowed the free and undisturbed exercise
of the franchise, but such as dared to main-
tain it were compelled to pass through an
ordeal that would have tried the courage of
many who claim that fear is not in their vocabu-
lary. Many, too, were forced to cast their
ballots for men and measures fatal to their
best interests and antagonistic to. their convic-
tions or suffer banishment from society, dis-
charge from labor, the avenues of trade and
profit, cruel injuries in property and person,
if not assassination and death. Returns of
this election have been made false and illegal,
and persons have been elected who never could
have been elected had a fair, open, and impar-
tial election been held. And such persons
have been aiders and abettors in all that per-
tained to a total disregard of the laws of regis-
tration, intimidation, violence, and corruption.
Some of them will send their petitions here
for the removal of all legal and political disabili-
ties, attaching to them by virtue of their par-
ticipation in the rebellion, on the ground of
being elected to office, but will fail to describe
the manner of securing such an election. Some
of them will make their appearance at the next
Congress with their credentials, claiming to
have received the highest number of votes,
but they will not be indorsed thereon " secured
through bribery, corruption, violence, and mur-
der." Some of them will endeavor to press
their way through these doors to these seats
with their certificates covered with the blood
of loyal men who have laid down their lives to
carry out the great and glorious work'which
has culminated in the restoration of the Union
of the States. They stand not, Mr. Speaker,
on the order of. their coming so they secure
what they ever thirst for—opportunity for evil.
Mr. WOODWARD. I rise to a point of
order. I have listened attentively to this dis-
course, and have not heard one word in respect
to the pending case. I make the point that it
is not in order for the gentleman to discuss
elections in South Carolina orj^the question
now pending.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I am speaking in
general of the questions involved.
Mr. WOODWARD. I insist on my point of
order.
The SPEAKERprotem.pore, [Mr. Scofield
in the chair.] The Chair overrules the point
of order. So far as the Chair has given atten-
tion to the remarks of the gentleman from
South Carolina they seem to be something
about elections.
Mr. WOODWARD. Theyare in reference
to elections in South Carolina, and not this
election in Missouri.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
has not been giving particular attention to them.
Mr. WOODWARD. That is the difference
between the Chair and myself.
Mr. WARD. Gentlemen have been insist-
ing on representatfon from South Carolina, and
I do not see why the gentleman should not be
heard.
Mt\ WHITTEMORE. Tn theState ofSouth
Carolina, especially in the third and fourth
congressional districts of that State, loyal
organizations have been broken up, loyal men
hunted like beasts, by night and by day their
houses fired into by lawless ar.d merciless mobs ;
they themselves tortured and murdered, public
speakers hounded,threatened and assassinated.
The chairman of the Republican State Central
Committee, one of the most devoted cham-
pions of hnman rights and eloquent advocates
of peace and good will, a State senator and
several members of the General Assembly bru-
tally and maliciously murdered ; mass meetings
called for loyal purposes prevented, shame-
fully disturbed, and dispersed ; armed mobs
openly banded and secret clubs solemnly sworn
to prevent the free exercise of the ballot; man-
agers of elections prevented the performance
of their functions of office ; the local press
oracles only of rebellious sentiment and malice,
counseling resistancetothelawand the legally
constituted authorities, arousing the basest and
most direful passions, advising the hanging of
such as might dare to express an opinion con-
trary to the will of the prime movers in the
second grand conspiracy to bring ruin to the
already endangered Republic; nameless indig-
nities and outrages perpetrated upon women
and men; law and order completely subverted ;
armed men in possession of the public rights
and immunities ; theballot-bc>x, the palladium
of American liberty,prostituted and desecrated,
and proscription, ostracism, and terror estab-
lished, such as at'least in our own country has
never before been witnessed, and God grant
may never'be again.
This is no overdrawn picture upon the can-
vas of im gination; but it is what the loyal
men of the State I am representing have passed
through to bring South Carolina back to her
proper place in the Union. It is what loyal
men of every southern State have contended
against, that they might secure for all time the
glorious immunities of freemen, the rights of
American citizens, and the title deed guaran-
tied to us in our Magna Charta—the inaliena-
ble "right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness." My colleagues on this floor, my
peers from the States that have had an expe-
rience similar to my own, and those who have
never deserted the grand underlying principle
of our national faith, equal political privileges,
who have 011 their knees beneath the starry
banner prayed that "not one star should be
erased or one stripe effaced," know that I have
"set down nought in malice," nothing false
extenuated ; that I have spoke right on the
things which they themselves can testify. But
that I may strengthen the statements so posi-
tively declared I add the communication of his
Excellency R. it. Scott, the Governor of South
Carolina, transmitted in his message to the
General Assembly shortly after the election to
which I have alluded, which bears upon the
same matter——
Mr. WOODWARD. I insist that it is not
in order 011 this question to refer to .messages
of the Governor of South Carolina.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chan-
having listened to the remarksof the gentleman
from South Carolina, is of the opinion that they
ought to be confined to the pending question.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I have only a few
words more. I know they may painfully sur-
prise some and hurt the feelings of some, but
1 am only declaring my personal experience, as
well as the history of the country.
Mr. WOODWARD. At the instance .of sev-
eral gentlemen near me, aud especially the
gentleman from Georgia, I withdraw my point
of order.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I read from the mes-
sage of Governor Seott, as follows:
" It is my painful duty to bring to your notice a
condition of affairs in certain portions of the State
which imperatively demands your gravest consider-
ation. Violations of law, and outrages upon persons
and property have been perpetrated by vicious and
unprincipled men, with a recklessness and ferocity
which, while they have brought affliction and an-
guish to thebosoms of bereaved families andfriends,
have cast a shadow upon the fair fame of the Com-
monwealth, mortifying and painful to all who are
jealous of her reputation, and which will require of
you the prompt adoption of the most efficient meas-
ures for its ample vindication.
"Hon. James Martin, a repiesentative in the Gen-
eral Assembly from the county of Abbeville, was
murdered on the 5th day of October last. Ho was on
his way homeward from the court-house, and was
pursued by a gang of ruffians, by whom he was assas-
sinated in the public highway. Mr. Martin was an
intelligent and patriotic citizen, singularly inoffen-
sive in language and demeanor, and all the circum-
stances connected with this outrage mark it as a
cold-blooded assassination.
" Hon. B. F. Randolph, a Senator from Orangeburg
county, was assassinated at Hodges' Station, near
Cok(M?bury, Abbeville county, on the 16th of October,
Mr* .Randolph was on his way to address a meeting
ot.tns fellow-citizens, and upon the stopping of the
train, while on the platform ot the car, was assassin-
ated by three ruffians, who had evidently been lying
m wait for the purpose; and notwithstanding there
were a number of persons present, including those
connected with the train, the assassins were permit-
ted to leisurely mount their horses and escape. Mr.
Randolph was a man of enlarged views, of great
force of character, and exercised an extensive influ-
ence upon public sentiment. Notwithstanding that
he was studiously courteous and liberal in his inter-
course with his fellow-men, the additional infamy,
as in the case of Mr. Martin, was attempted by sheer
fabrications and falsehood to blacken his character
and defame his memory as a palliation, if not justi-
fication of his murder. Other instances of violence
and outiages ot the mosf revolting character, in
portions of Edgefield, Abbeville, and Newberry
counties have been reported to this department, but
prominence hasboen given to the assassinations of
Messrs. Martin and Randolph because of their offi-
cial position, 'large rewards have been offered for
the apprehension of these murderers, some of whoa
