1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-JLQH&
1465
you -will find men who will invent new pro1
cesses by which the price of the article will be
cheapened. I refer now particularly to the
article ofsulphuret of copper whieh we obtain
from Arizona, all that is necessary for manu-
facturing purposes, so that that Territory is
interested also in this bill. I now -send to the
Clerk's desk to be read an extract from the
report of J. Ross Browne on this subject:
The Clerk read as follows : .
" Hie Manufacture of Sulphate of Copver'in CaJifor-
ni«.-—The annual consumption of the'sulphate of
copper on the Pacific coast amounts to nearly five
hundred tons. The present wholesale price is $2CD
per ton. About four fifths of the total quantity im-
ported is csedin the processes of amalgamation. The
greater part of the other fifth, or about one hundred
to us, is used by farmers for soaking wheat", &c., sul-
phate of eopper, or .blue-stone, as tt is generally
called, being the best Known- preventive of-rust in
that uram. Till recently all the snlp.hale or copper
used here was imported chiefly from England. At
present there is sufficient made in San Franeis_eo to
supply the demand. Crane & Brig-ham, a firm rathe
drag business, bare been engaged for several years
in perfecting a plan for the manufacture of this tati-
de from the sulphurets, which were too poor to pay
for export or concentration. They expended nearly
fifty thousand dollars tn apparatus-and experiments,
and obtained a parent for a process which they dis-
covered in 1864. But the hosts of labor and strong
opposition from importers made it an unprofitable
investment. In the Spring of 1867 ft method was dis-
covered by them of makingthis article from thecar-
bofiates and oxides brought from the "Williams fork
of the Colorado. Arizona, by which it is prepared in
tho greatest parity at a cost below that for which it
ean be profitably imported. Tho San Francisco re-
finery works and other establishments in that busi-
ness, of whieh there are several, also make quanti-
ties of the sulphate of copper as a by-product of
their chemical operations. Under these circumstances
it is not improbable that the importation of this
article will soon cease."
Mr. AXTELL. I yield the rest of my ten
minutes to my colleague.
Mr. HIGBY. The statistics exhibited by
my colleague show that there are other local in-
terests affected by this bill than that of the Lake
Superior region. I wish merely to state, in con-
nection with the facts already submitted, that
the first eopper vein discovered in California
was in my q,wn county, and the greatest and
most expensive claim that has ever been worked
is in the same county. There Was employed
at one time on that and two other large claims
several hundred men in excavating the raw
copper. A town grew up in the vicinity con-
taining atone time about three thousand inhab-
itants, and business of all kinds was prosperous.
In the year 1866 there was the greatest amount
of material taken from that mine. Since that
time the business has dropped off, as shown by
the figures exhibited by my colleague, so that
a town which once contained every element of
prosperity has become reduced until the popula-
tion is very small and the business is next to
nothing. 1 cite this as an instance of the result of
the want of proper protection. There wasnota
sufficient tariff on foreign copper, either in the
raw or the manufactured state, and the con-
sequence was this interest became depressed
until it became in a great measure abandoned.
The same may be said in regard to other local-
ities east of the Bocky mountains wherever
there have been developed these_ copper inter-
ests. I hope the bill will pass thisHouse, not-
withstanding the objections of the President
contained in his veto message. I believe the
interests of the country demand that it should
beeonic a law in order to save the great amount
of wealth that is invested in the copper-pro-
ducing business.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, those gen-
tlemen who represent severally the mining,
the manufacturing, and the importing interests
connected with eopper have discussed the bill,
perhaps, as much in detail as the little time we
have will admit. I propose, therefore, to CiOse
the debate and demand, when I do so, the
previous question, and ask the House to come
to a direct vote upon the question whether this
bill shall or shall not pass by a two-thirds
vote, the President's objections to the contrary
notwithstanding.
It is a theory of our Government m its
coordinate branches, related as they are to
each other, that the veto power is given to the
President for the' purpose of protecting "the
executive department against the encroach-
ments of the legislative, or to be exercts6d'in
those extraordinary cases where the legislative
power, under some influence, may seem-_ to
have-transcended its proper line of limitation
and passed-what appears -to be a violation of
some.of the provisions of the Constitution
seeking to make it law. But this veto does not
jsise to any such plane as. that. Here is an
instance where the President has come forward
seeking: to exercise his power to strike dawn
the will of the people, as reflected through, the
two branches of the legislative department,
upon a mere question of expediency. ' •
Mr. Brooks rase,-
Mr. SCHENCIL I cannot yield. I have
very little time.
Mr. BROOKS. I simply wanted to ask a
question.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 gave thegentleman lib-
erally of my time, and I will not be inter-
rupted.
Mr. BROOKS. I have'nothing to complain of.
Mr. SCHENCK.. Here is a case where "the
legislation relates to a matter simply of polit-,
ical economy, as it were; a matter relating to the
productive industry of the country; and where
the President has decided opinions adverse to
those of the legislative or law-making power
in regard to a matter of that kind, it has ordi-
narily been considered best in taste and right
in judgment that he should yield his opinion to
the expressed wishes of the people through the
legislative power. Here, however, simplj-upon
a question of expediency, in the face of large
and overwhelming majorities in both branches,
we are met with a veto of the little bill which
is thus again brought before us.
Now, sir, I wish to say a word as to what
influenced the Committee of Ways and Means,
which I represent, in bringing forward a prop-
osition of this kind. First, what protection
does it afford to the copper interest? It has
heretofore had only about eight per cent, ad
valorem protection. This was occasioned by
the fact tnat the great mining interest in the
interior of the eountry, and especially in the
State of Michigan, felt that they could sustain
themselves without being protected as lead,
iron, and other metallic interests were. They
found, however, their mistake. They come
now and seek protection, and we propose to
give them protection, whieh it is not true to say
puts them in advance of other interests pro-
tected, but which scarcely brings them up to the
level. They have not yet given under this bill
as much protection as you give to iron, lead, ,
and many of these other kindred interests. j
Again, the President assigns as a reason for j
vetoing the bill what has already been alluded ,
to by one of the gentlemen from Michigan, :
[Mr. Driggs.] He falls into this egregious j
mistake: he would set the miuers of Lake
Michigan to cultivating the land instead of fos- ;
tering and nursing the interest by legislation. !
That has been sufficiently exposed, although ;
the exposure results at the same time 111 a very 1
keen exposure of the wonderful ignorance of •
the President in not knowing that there is
hardly arable land enough there to raise a hill
of corn and that these meu are dependent on
their supplies being brought to them from other
parts of the country.
Then, again, he mentions,what we have heard
again and again in the Committee of V ays and
Means as a'reason for not putting a duty on
copper ores brougfct in from abroad, that they
are absolutely essential to be used as flux tor
smelting our domestic ores. I know that is
continually said ; that is the Baltimore argu-
ment. Bat the fact is that we had before the .
Committee of Ways and Means abundance ot ;
the most reliable information and proof that i
such is not tho truth ; and from no pari ot the j
country did we get such strong assurances as ,
from the President's own State of Tennessee, ;
where they are smelting their nauve copper
ores without the use of any of these foreign ^
ia -Order to bolster up ^particular class interest.
ShereomiaiMee found it .was in no respect con1.
sisteat frith the facts of the case. The gentle-,
man from Maine [Mr. Pike] said that -this is
a bill in the interest of .Wall'street brokers.
What he means by that Tdo not undertake to
say. But I -will say that i never like to hear
upon this floor honorable gentlemen imputing to
the friends of ameasure motives different froth
those whieh fairly lie upon the face of the meas-
ure itself. Iwi Bitot stop to repel any imputation
of that-Mad upon the committee I represent
here and fro-m which this bill was originally re- •
ported. Iwilionly say thattbebill was:brought in
here after a thorough examination of the whole
question, and from a conviction that while we
could not get any more general tariff bill at this
session for the protection of the various inter-
ests of the country, here was one, not a stock-
jobbing operation, buta fair, industrial pursuit,
whieh was suffering by far more than any other
brought to the attention of the committee, and
it might be well, if we could do nothing better,
to resort to some little spfecial legislation &f
the benefit of this interest alone.
' Mr. FAR NTS WORTH. I would inquire of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] if he
knows whether the Representatives from Bos-
ton are for-or against this bill?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know. I hate
never seen one of them for or against this bili"$
but I have always supposed that when gentle-
men impute such motives to others it is from
an innate consciousness that they might them-
selves be influenced by some snch considera-
tions. 1
Mr. BBOOKS. I desire simply to say that
the remarks I made were in reply to the gen-
tleman from Michigan, [Mr. -Blair.}
Mr. SCHENCK. I was not alludtDg to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
but to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike,}
who put forward that argument. I now call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered. _
The SPEAKER. Under the Constitution the
question is, 14 Will the House, on reconsidera-
tion, agree to the passage of this bill notwith-
standing the objections of the President? " ana
the vote must be taken by yeas and nays.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 115, noes 56, not voting 51; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
T,m., M Ashley. A'xtell, Beauian, Benjamin,
Blackburn, Blair, Boutwelk  oyden, BroomsU.
Bucktand, Buckley, Roderick R. Butler Cake, Oil is,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Clift,
Cobb, Coburn, Corley, Dawes, Delano, Deweese,
Dickey, Dockery, Dodge, Donnelly. Driggs, Beklo,
Edwards, Esgleston, E?lo, Thomas D. Eliot. Fan s-
•orth, Ferriss, Berry, Fields. French. e ve ^°ia
ores right under his nose.
Xhis is one of the arguments brought forward
HalseV' Heatan."iiigby. Hill. Hopkins, Chester IX
Hubbard, Hulburd. Ingerspll, -
Alexander H. Jones, Jkelley. Keiiogg, Jlcue}*
K-efeham, Kitchen, Koonta, George V. kawrcnce,
William Lawrence, Binrotn, Marvin,Maynard, Me
Kee, Mercur, Miller. Moore, Moorhea*, Moir^l.
MnlHns Myers, jsewcomb, Is orris, INunn, ONeili,
P-ilie Pettis, Pierce, Plants. Poland, Pomeroy, Prwe.
Prince, RaumT Robertson, Boots, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scofield. Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith, Spaldms.
Stoke* Stover, Taffe, Taylor. John Trimble, 1 rw-
brid"e,' Twichell, Upson, Yan Aernain, Burt Yan
tr ® nrp yin uovd  \t*vrd  c&dwiiladcr 0.
Wihburn William B. Washburn, Weikcr, Thomas
Williams, '"William Williams, John X. Wilson, and
Messrs. Allison, Archer. Baker. Barnes.
Beitrv Beck, Bromweii, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chan-
ler'Cook Cornell, Oullom, Jox, Glossbrenner, Gjila-
lav Go^' Qrover.Haisht, Hamilton, Harding. Haw-
itli Ho'lman, Hotehkiss. Humphrey Ilonter,
Thomas L. Jones, Judd. Julian,Kerr,Knott, ijough-
Lvnch, [Marshall, McCnrmick, McCullough,
JIun eni Niblaok, Kicholson, Orth, Perhain,
PheltU Pike, Boss, Starkweather, Stewart, Stone,
Taber,' Thomas, Tift Van Trump, Whitteinore,
TamesF. Wilson, and Young—ot>.
SOX VOTING-Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Bailey,
Baldwin, Banks,Bamum, Benton, Bingham, Blame,
Bt)le« Bowcn, Boyer, Benjamin F. Butler. Covode.
Dixon. Eldridge, James T. Elliott Garhek Ortj.
Gravely, Haushey, Hooper, Asahel W. HubUrd,
Richard D. Hubbard. Laflm, j^asb. Loan,-p
Washburn, Stephen P. W llson, Wood, Wooabrwe,
and "Woodward—51.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, said; On
