290
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Ho. of Reps.
Public Credit—Mr. Holman.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
now occupies her proper domain. She is t.he
priestess of the altar of the household. She
is the source of all the morality and virtue
that blesses the world. It is of the utmost
importance that this ministering priestess shall
be preserved pure. He is a most mistaken
man, if not a positive misanthrope, who would
bring to that altar the defilements of party
politics. There is nothing which partisan poli-
tics touches that it does not contaminate and
degrade. In Heaven's name let woman, whose
proper performance of her great functions and
influences in her domain are more important
than all the offices performed by man, not be
subjected to this defilement.
Why go to the hustings, why go to the polls,
to the seething crowd that in uncounted num-
bers is pushing to the polls amid the influences
of passion and liquor, vulgarity, blackguard-
ism, bullying, and threatening? Do you want
to drag pure woman into such a conjunction as
that? Wo, Mr. President; a good and a pure
woman would turn with loathing and disgust
from any such contact. Bad women ought
never to be allowed to have a vote. It will be
a day of woe, of incomparable woe, when the
ballot is forced upon American women. I
trust that that sad day will never come.
But, Mr. President, now the madness of the
hour seems to be to regulate the right of suf-
frage, to amend the Constitution. The party
in power have torn it and cast it aside as an
old, worn garment, and every man thinks that
he is competent to sew a patch to it. How
long is this process to be continued? Mr.
President, the way the party in power are pro-
gressing, there remains but one further prop-
osition to amend the Constitution by them, and
that is that an office shall be secured to every
citizen of the United States without regard to
color, race, or previous condition, and when
that proposition to amend the Constitution is
made I think the glory of this party will be
complete. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, I eannot conclude, exhausted
and feeble as I ana, without a most earnest
protest against both the power of Congress to
propose this amendment and against its most
mischievous and destructive policy.
Public Credit.
REMARKS OF HON. W. S. HOLMAN,
of indiana,
In the Hotjsb op Representatives,
February 24, 1869,
Oil the Mil (H. B. No. 1744) to strengthen the public
credit asnd relating to- contracts for the payment
of coin.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, up to this
hour the faith of this Government has been
scrupulously maintained with its creditors.
Since the accumulation of this great debt began
every engagement with the holders of our pub-
lic securities has been promptly and faithfully
fulfilled. The interest on the bonds payable in
coin, and payable half yearly, has been promptly
paid, and in some instances actually paid before
it became due, and so solicitous has been the
Secretary of the Treasury that by no possible
contingency should the coin in the Treasury be
insufficient to meet the half-yearly payments
of interest that $100,000,000 in gold have been
kept idle in the Treasury. While the whole
country has been oppressed by national and
local taxation you have even refused to impose
on these honds_ a national tax, although the
right to do so is unquestionable. You have
made your securities so secure and valuable
that the bonds which you sold at par for green-
backs are now at a premium of ten per cent.
_ Such has been your anxiety to promote the
interest of your bondholders at the expense of
your laboring people that the capitalists of Eu-
rope, neglecting the bonds issued bv their own
Governments,have purchased $800,000,000 of
your bonds on which you are annually sending
to Europe $48,000,000 of interest, a sum equal
to the entire expenses of this Government
twenty years ago ; the capitalists at Frankfort
and other financial centers of Europe having
invested in your bonds at forty cents on the
dollar. But the bondholders, not satisfied with
the unexampled speculation they have made
out of the necessities of this nation, now de-
mand a still further increase in the value of
their bonds, demanding, indeed, that you make
a new contract and agree to pay in coin the
bonds which they bought with paper money
worth at the time they purchased the bonds
less than half the value of gold. And what
concession do these gentlemen propose to
make in consideration of this ? Do they pro-
pose to reduce the interest? No. Do they
propose to acquiesce in the just and equal tax-
ation of their bonds with other property? No,
sir; they propose nothing of the kind. They
simply demand that you pay them in coin, dol-
lar for dollar, the bonds which you agreed to
pay in paper money, dollar for dollar. Public
creditors even in monarchies, where capital is
all-powerful and the people nothing, have usu-
ally deemed themselves most fortunate if the
Government acted in good faith and paid ac-
cording to the contract. But here the public
creditors with refreshing coolness request us
to pay twice as much in value as we agreed to
pay them. _ We have all heard of a conscien-
tious Englishman who had purchased his five-
twenty bonds at fifty cents on the dollar in gold
who has uniformly refused to receive any more
than one half of the amount of his coupons,
being six percent, on his investment, and even
then receiving just twice as much interest as
his own Government pays on her funded debt,
but he stands solitary and alone.
If the people of this country pay this great
debt, which has made a few men enormously
rich and reduced countless thousands to pov-
erty, in good faith, according to the letter of
the contract, "letter and spirit," if you please,
they are doing all that honor and justice can
demand; and this attempt of Congress to com-
pel the people to pay more than they agreed to
pay is the act of a tyrant, the old and infamous
example of history again repeated, the oppres-
sion of labor for the benefit of the rich and the
powerful.
There is a grim humor in the title of this
bill: "An act to strengthen the public credit."
To strengthen the public credit 1 No, sir; it is
not an act to strengthen the public credit, but
to strengthen the manacles that bind and pros-
trate the laboring masses. What does the bill
propose? Its purpose is at least outspoken
and direct. There is none of the obscurity and
double-dealing ofthe Chicago platform about it,
for the occasion for deception has gone by.
It is hereby provided and declared that the faith
of the. United fetatesis solemnly pledged to the pay-
ment in coin or its equivalent of all the interest-
bearing obligations of the United States, except in
cases where thelaw authorizing the issue of any such
obligation has expressly provided that the same may
be paid m lawful money or other currency than gold
and silver.
It is not necessary for me to say that tbis
measure only applies to the five-twenty bonds;
which constitute the bulk of our public debt,
being $1,602,583,350, f0r the other bonds
issued after the legal-tender act was passed
expressly specify the kind of money in which
they are to be paid. While it is true that the
acts authorizing the five-twenty bonds do not
" expressly" say in what currency they shall
be paid, there is not an impartial judge in the
civilized world who would not decide upon the
face of the law that these five-twenty bonds
are in fact, by the terms of the law, payable
m greenbacks, lawful money of the United
States. But if it is true that these bonds were
sold for greenbacks, and it is doubtful in what
funds they are payable, it would be a very pli-
ant subserviency to wealth that would decide
that they shall be paid in gold, a money twice
as valuable as was received for them.
But the laws authorizing the issuing of the
United States notes, commonly called legal
tenders or greenbacks, and the five-twenty
bonds permit no honest doubt that these five-
twenty bonds are in fact payable in green-
backs, and that such is the letter and spirit of
the law, although not "expressly" so pro-
vided. The first legal-tender act was passed
on the 25th day of February, 1862. The first
section of that act provides for issuing the
United States notes, and declares that such
notes shall be received—■
" In payment of all taxes, internal duties, excises,
debts, and demands of every kind due to the United
States, except duties on imports, and of all claims
and demands against the United States, of every
kind whatsoever, except for interest on bonds and
notes, which shall be paid in coin, and shall also be
lawful money and a legal tender in payment of all
debts, public and private, within the United States,
except duties on imports and interest as aforesaid."
Now, sir, if the five-twenty bonds had been
issued or authorized before the passage of this
act and before the United States notes were
issued as lawful money and while gold and sil-
ver were the only lawful money there would be
force in the argument that they ought to be
paid in coin. But the reverse is true. Every-
body knows that not one of the five-twenty
bonds was issued until after this act of Febru-
ary 25, 1862, was passed. Indeed this is the
very act that first authorized the issuing of the
five-twenty bonds, and the first section of the
act from which I have quoted further provides
that any holder of these United States notes
may deposit the same with the Treasurer of
the United States in sums of fifty dollars or
some multiple of fifty dollars, and the Secretary
of the Treasury shall "thereupon issue to the
holder an equal amount of bonds of the United
States, coupon or registered, as may by said
holder be desired, bearing interest at the rate
of six per cent, per annum, payable semi-
annually, and redeemable at the pleasure of
the United States after five years and payable
twenty years after the date thereof." These
are the five-twenty bonds, so that the very law
and the very section of the law that authorized
the issue of the United States notes and made
them a legal tender "in payment of all debts
public and private except duties on imports
and interest" authorized the issue of the five-
twenty bonds and authorized the sale of these
bonds at par for these United States notes,
thus creating a public debt not excepted from
payment in United States notes, and all debts
public and private "except duties on imports
and interest'' were to be payable in such notes.
If any debt public or private was payable in
United States notes these five-twenty bonds
clearly were; this is so clear that it is an insult
to common intelligence to discuss it.
The acts of July 11, 1862, March 3, 1863,
March 3, 1864, June 30, 1864, and March 3,
I860, under which all of the United States notes
and five-twenty bonds were issued, contain the
same provisions. By every act the United States
notes are made a legal tender "in payment of
all debts public and private, except duties on
imports and interest." By every act the five-
twenty bonds were authorized to be sold for
these United States notes, and by every act the
interest is payable in coin. By the act of March
3, 1863, the ten-forty bonds are authorized,
principal and interest, expressly payable in
coin. Thus by a series of acts extending from
February 25, 1862, to March 3, 1865, under
which the United States notes (greenbacks)
were issued and the five-twenty and the ten-
forty bonds were issued, the stubborn facts are
presented that the United States notes are made
lawful money and a legal tender "in payment
of all debts public and private, except duties
on imports and interest on bonds," and were
convertible dollar for dollar into the five-twenty
bonds; and that the interest on the bonds and
the principal and interest of the ten-forty bonds
were made payable in gold. So that during
the whole period while these five-twenty bonds
were being issued United States notes (green-
