5U
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
been attained in that State at the last election.
It was therefore found necessary on the patt
of some of those gentlemen upon the floor of
the House to assert a year ago that the con-
testant was not a loyal man, and by reason of
disloyalty was not entitled to his seat in this
House, and upon that allegation to ask this
House to extend the time in which evidence
might be taken by the respective parties on
this new allfegation. By the over-indulgence,
in my judgment, if not the unjust willingness,
of this House to lend its powers to the pro-
motion of partisan schemes, that extension
was granted in order that they might establish
tflis new allegation against the contestant.
What did they do, Mr. Speaker? They went
back to the State of Missouri, folded their arms
in indifference as to this particular charge of
disloyalty and as to the whole case, and pro-
ceeded to engage in the then pending canvass
in that State, and gave their whole time and
attention to that, canvass and to the attainment
of the purposes intended to be secured by the
delay.
Mr. Benjamix rose.
Mr.KERR. Inamoment. While that course
is being pursued by them contrary to the rules
of legal evidence, contrary to the requirements
of common sense, and, X might add, to com-
mon justice, the contestant was compelled to
go to the State of Missouri to incur additional
expense and additional labor and trouble in
taking testimony on his own account to estab-
lish a negative, to show that he was not a dis-
loyal man, and to remove from this record the
slightest color of a pretext for his continued
exclusion from a seat in this House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman from Indiana whether he is not
aware of the fact that this House, by a most
emphatic vote, instructed the Committee of
Elections to make that inquiry ; and whether
he is not aware of the fact that the Committee
of Elections have not summoned a witness to
testify in the case, although a long list ol' wit-
nesses was furnished to them?
Mr. KliRK. I cannot yield for a speech.
Mr. BENJA.MIN. Is not the gentleman
aware of that fact?
Mr. KEBR. I will answer the gentleman.
I am glad that he has invited my attention to
that question. I say to him that 1 do not know
any such thing, and that no such thing is the
fact iu this case. I say further, Mr. Speaker,
that it is a thing without a precedent in this
country that a committee of elections shall be
required in a contest between two claimants
for a seat to go into the State from which the
respective parties come. It is a most aston-
ishing proposition that the Committee of Elec-
tions of the House of Representatives is to be
made a perambulating, roving committee, a
sortof coinmittee*of political scavengers, to run
all over this country upon the request or nod
of any member of this House, whether he be
a party to the contest or not.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman to
let the resolution be read.
Mr.KERR. I'do not yield. I ask the gen-
tlemen of this House, I ask the members of
this committee, I ask experienced and vener-
able parliamentarians whether this would not
be a most extraordinary proceeding ? Here is
a contested election in which one party is the
sitting member, who claims that he is entitled
to retain his possession of that seat, and in
which another party is the contestant, and
alleges that the seat ought to be given to him.
Now, a third party, not a party to this record
at all, comes before this House, and on his
own motion, in behalf of nobody, asks this
House to send the Committee of Elections out
of its proper place in this House, out of its
proper place in the capital, to traverse the
State of Missouri, or to go anywhere else where
he should indicate that it might find evidence
upon which to sustain some allegation he has
thought it proper to make. Ah! Air. Speaker,
the misfortune in this case on the part of the
gentleman from Missouri, and I fear on' the
part of the whole Republican delegation of
that State, is that they have suffered themselves
to become so much personally interested ih the
result of this contest as to have sacrificed their
disinterestedness, as to have sacrified their free-
dom from bias, from prejudice, and from the
control of passion and these fanatical feelings
which lead to complete judicial blindness. The
gentleman who has justpropounded a question
to me in his own remarks to-day said that lie
must confess to the House the intensity of his
feelings in this case.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Bexja-
mxjt] asserts that the House directed the Com-
mittee of Elections to investigate his charge
of disloyalty against the contestant. Such an
order, or rather an order that seems to bear
such a construction, was made by the House
about a year ago. But the gentleman must
know that a few days afterward, and to remove
all ambiguity from the first order, the House
adopted the following resolution:
" On motion of Mr. Dawes, from the Committee of
Elections,
"Renulved, That in the matter of charges of disloy-
alty made by Hon. J. F. Benjamin against the con-
testant for a seat in this House from the ninth district
, of Missouri, and of tho contestant against the sitting
! member, the testimony bo taken m the manner pre-
i scribed in the act regulating contested elections, the
notice in each case to be served respectively on tho
respondent and the person making the charge, and
the testimony to be filed with the Clerk of flic House
within ninety days from the passage of this resolu-
tion."
The gentleman is welcome to all the truth
there is in his assertion concerning the order
of the House.
Mr. Speaker, it is pertinent here to inquire
why the gentleman referred to and all his Re-
publican colleagues and the sitting member
have failed to take one line or word of testi-
mony to sustain or even justify his charge—in
my judgment, most gratuitous charge—of dis-
oyalty against Colonel Switzler. Is it unfair,
isl it unjust toward anybody to conclude that
the charge having accomplished the desired
postponement of the decision by the House it
was at once abandoned, and the humiliating
admission thus made that it never rested upon
any truth? If it was true it was material, in
the judgment of the majority of this House, to
the right decision of this case ; and if true it
could have been established by proof. It was
not, and no attempt was made to prove it.
The House was thus trifled with, and its in-
dulgence and power were abused, and that,
too, to advance personal, partisan, and selfish
aims. Such conduct demands the most signal
rebuke both of this House and the country.
But, Mr. Speaker, it was not true, and so the
Committee of Elections have twice solemnly
declared to the House.
Major General H. W. Halleck, the first
commandant of the departmentof the Missouri,
and whose administration of that department
embraced the important years of 1801-62, bears
this unequivocal testimony to Mr. Switzler's
loyalty, under date of San Francisco, Califor-
nia, October 5, 18C8:
" In regard to your conduct in Missouri in 1861-62,
while X was in command of that department, it gives
mc pleasure to say that you were, regarded as a re-
liable, outspoken, and uncompromising Union man.
You gave valuable information in regard to tho
operations of the rebels in central Missouri, and
assisted greatly iu the succcss of the Union cause."
Major General Roseerans, who was also a
commander of the department of the Missouri,
says:
" Washixqton City, D. C., August 14,1868.
"I can assure any one who will take my word for
it tliat while m command of the department of the
Missouri I had occasion to inquire into your antece-
dents, and to know you personally and officially, and
that you were in my estimation an undoubtedly loyal
man."
Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, of Mis-
souii, a well known Union officer and a mem-
ber of the Republican party, bears the same
testimony. Here is the correspondence, on file
with the Committee of Elections :
Missouri Statesman Office,
Coia'Muia, Missouri, September 8,1888.
DiSAIt Sir: You knew me well during the war, and
I am sure, notwithstanding our present political dif-
ferences, will do me the justice to say that I was an
active, uncompromising Union man. You will raueli
oblige me by stating in reply to thisyour convictions
°Very truly!" W. P. SWITZLER.
St.* Loujs, September 17,1868.
Dear Sir: X never doubted your loyalty for a
moment. CLINTON B. 3?ISK.
To the same effect, full, clear, and over-
whelming, testify Generals Lewis _ Merrill,
Joseph B. Douglass, Colonel William F.
Shaffer, and some thirty or forty other Union
officers, soldiers, and citizens. Few if any mem-
bers of Congress, either Republican or Demo-
cratic, could produce a fuller, elearcr, or more
unequivocal Union record than Mr. Switzler
has filed with the committee.
It isaremarkable fact in connection with this
ease also, Mr. Speaker, not only as to the con-
duet of the gentleman to whom I have last
referred, but also to the conduct of the gentle-
man from Missouri, who is one of my colleagues
on the Committee of Elections, that they have
not been content in their argument here to talk
about this ease and the evidence and the law in
this case as they appear upon the record made
by the parties, but they have thought it to be
their duty, it may be at the expense of delicacy
on their part, to go outside of that record and
to constitute themselves witnesses—yes, sir,
witnesses—and to testify to numerous and im-
portant facts which are not on the record of
this case at all. We are told by these gentle-
men that this is not a question of law; that it is
not a question to be determined by this House
on the facts in this record. We are told that
this is not a question to be determined by the
House, sitting under the solemn obligations of
our oaths, but it is a question of loyalty—a
question whether loyal men shall govern the
State of Missouri.
Mr. Speaker, I have been in the habit of
supposing that the question which arises in all
contested elections is, whether this House, sit-
ting as a court, will be governed by the law and
evidence, or whether it will be governed by
passion and prejudice and appeals to party ani-
mosityand party hatred? 1 say, therefore, that
we should divest ourselves of all these feelings
and approach the consideration of this ease as
a question of law. We sit here, sir, as jurors.
We ought not to come to the consideration of
this case, as my friend from Missouri has done,
as attorneys for either of the parties. We ought
not to come here as friends of either party,
having a personal interest in the case. We
ought rather to come here as disinterested men,
acting solely upon the evidence in the case and
the law that should control its application and
value.
My friend from Missouri, [Mr. Stover,] my
colleague on the committee, who has addressed
the House to-day, has taken it to be a part of
his duty—for I take it he would not do a thing
that he did not believe to be in the line of his
duty—to go so far in his argument as broadly
to insinuate that the majority of the commit-
tee, through their organ, the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Poi.anb,] who made the first
report in this case, have attempted to manu-
facture evidence, have attempted to distort and
confound and confuse the evidence, it may
be, for the purpose of misleading the House.
Now, I do not know whether my friend and
colleague intended to make that imputation
and to stand by it, or whether I misunderstood
him. If he does make it, and it is his pleasure
thus to come before the House—himself the
youngest member in service on that committee,
and the only member of that committee who
hails from the State of Missouri, and who,
therefore, can be supposed personally to par-
ticipate in and enter into these feelings of local
and personal animosity which seem to control
some gentlemen—if he chooses to occupy that
attitude before the House, then all I have to
say is that he is welcome to assume it, and I,
formyseif, esteem it unworthy of further notice.
Mr. STO\ lili. Mr. Speaker——
Mr. KERB. I will yield to the gentleman
either for a question or for explanation.
Mr. Sl'OVBR. I desire to^say that".hi that
