ims
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
February 23,
g
fexa tnine into alleged frauds in the late presi-
dential election in tlie State of New York.
Mr. BLAIR. I submit a resolution which'
I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That John H. Bell, of Orahge county, in
,he State .of New York, now in the custody of the
3crgcant-at-Arms, for a contempt in refusing.to ao-
swcr certain questions put to hip by the select com-
mittee of this House appointed to examine into
alleged frauds committed at the late presidential
election in the State of New York, be now arraigned
at the bar of this House, and that the Speaker pro-
pound to him the following interrogatories:
•1. What excuse have you (or reusing to answer
the questions propounded to yOu by the select com-
mittee of this House appointed to examine into al-
leged- ft-aiuds committed at the late presidential elec-
tion in the State of New, York?
2. Are you now ready to appear before said com-
mittee and answer such question's as shall he pro-
pounded to you by said eomnrittee?
The SPEAKER. Mr. Bell, I am-instructed
by the House of Representatives to- propound
to you the following interrogatories: first, what
excuse have you for refusing to answer before
the select committee of this House appointed
to examine into alleged frauds committed at the
the lato presidential election in the State of New
York? Second, are you now ready to appear
before said committee and answer such ques-
tions as shall be put to you by saidcommittee?
Mr. Bell. Well, sir, I have not any ex-
cuse, I-suppose. The reason was that I believe
he and myself did not agree about the testimony
I was going to give, and the result was that
myself and he, I think, both got a little angry,
and that ended it at that time1. He said he did
not want any more of it. I am now ready to
answer the questions.
The SPEAKER repeated to the House the
answer of"the witness, and then said: If there
is no further proceeding the witness will remain
in the-custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms for the
purpose of appearing before the committee.
Mr. BOSS. "Will it be in order to move that
he be now discharged?
The SPEAKER. That is-in order either
before or after he testifies. The usual custom
is to make the motion afterward.
Mr. BOSS. I move that he be now disr
charged.
Mr. WARD. I move to lay that motion on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The witness then retired in the custody of
the Sergeant-at-Arms.
KECUSANT WITNESS—DAYID \V. BKKVK.
The Sergeant-atr-Arms again appeared at the
bar of the House, accompanied by David W.
Reeve, and said: Pursuant to the order of the
House, f now produce at the bar of the House
David W. Reeve, of Orange county, in the
State of New York, to answer for contempt in
neglecting or refusing to attend before the select
committee appointed to investigate alleged
frauds in the late presidential election in the
State of New York.
Mr. BLAIR. I submit the resolution which
I send to the Clerk's desk, and ask its adop-
tion at this time.
The Clerk read as follows:
Beeohed, That David W. Reeve, of Orange county,
in the State of Hew York, now in the custody of the
Sergeant-at-Arms for a contompt in refusing orneg-
lecting obedience to the summons requiring him to
appear and testify before the select committeo of
this House appointed to examine into allcdged frauds
committed at the late presidential election in the
State of New York, be now arraigned at the bar of
this House, and that tho Speaker propound to him
the following interrogatories:
1. "What excuso have you for refusing to answer
before the select committee of this House appointed
to examine into alleged fraudscommitted at the late
presidential election in the State of New York, in
pursuance of the summons served on you for that
purpose?
3. Are you now ready to appear before said eom-
mitttoe and answer such questions as shall be put to
you by said committee.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Reeve, by the direc-
tion of the House of Representatives, I pro-
pound to you the following interrogatories:
first, what excuse have you for refusing to
answer the questions propounded to you by
the select committee of this House appointed
to examine into alleged frauds cofnmitted at
the late -presidential election in the State of
New York, in pursuance of the summons served
on you for that purpose? Second, are you now
ready to appear before said committee and
answer such questions as shall be propounded
to you by said committee?
Mr. Rbete. I did not consider that I was
sabpenaed. A young man came to me and
said he had a subpena for me. I demanded
the pay, and'he said he would not pay me. He
said,.' 'Make out a billagains t th e Government.''
He #ent away pretty soon and came back. I
was on my "way going-home; I had been away
all day and did not know there was any investi-
gation or any meeting of that kind at all. He
finally left the paper on the counter, and I went
away an$ left it. That is all the reason I have
for not appearing.
The SPEAKER repeated to the House the
answer of the witness.
Mr. BLAIR. The committee will meet on
the first favorable opportunity and give the wit-
ness an opportunity of testifying.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move that the witness
be discharged from enstody. He is willing to
attend the committee and give his testimony.
He has committed no crime, and why should
he be kept in custody ?
Mr. WARD. I move to lay the motion of
my colleague on the table.
Mr. BLAIR. I think we had better wait
until the witness has appeared before the com-
mittee.'
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman will
not insist on keeping this man under arrest.
I demand the yeas and nays on the motion to
lay on the table.
Mr. DAWES. What objection is there to per-
mitting him to go before the committee first?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There is no objection in
the world, as I understand, on the part of the
witness or anybody else, that he shall appear
before the committee; but to keep him under
arrest and deprive him of his liberty when he
has committed no crime or ofl'ense is a thing
which the House ought not to do.
Mr. DAWES. The committee are ready
to hear him.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Well, the man is here,
ready to go before the committeo. Why
should he be kept in custody and deprived of
his liberty?
Mr. DAWES. It is not the fault of the
committee. They have been waiting ten days
for his appearance. Why should the gentle-
man from. Wisconsin be so anxious that the
witness shall be discharged before he appears
before the committee ?
Mr. WARD. I insist on my motion to lay
on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Blair and
Mr. Eldridge were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
twenty-nine in the affirmative.
So the yeas and'nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 124, nays 03, not vot-
ing 65: as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arncll, Delos It.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, .Bcaman, Benja-
min, Blackburn, Blair, Boutwell, Boyden, Bromwell,
Broomall, Buckland, Buckley. Benjamin F. Butler,
Kodcricl: It. Butler, Cake, Callis, Churchill, Reader
W. Clarke, Clift, Cobb, Cook, Corloy, Cornell, Cul-
lom, Deweese, Dickey, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley,
Edwards, iSggleston, iila, Thomas D. Eliot, James
T. Elliott, Ferri&s, Ferry, Fields, Gross, Gove.Gravely,
Griswold. Halsey. Hamilton, Harding, Hawkins,
Heaton, Higby, Hill, Hopkins, Chester!). Hubbard,
Hulburd, Hunter, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones,
Judd, Julian, Kclley, Kelscy, Ketcbam, Kitchen,
Koontz, L;)(lin, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan,
Loughridge, Mai lory, Marvin, Maynard, McKee,
ATcreur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins,
Myers, Neweomb, Newsham, Norris, Nunn, O'Neill,
Paine, Pcrham, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy. Price,
Prince, Ilaum, Robertson, Boots, Sawyer, Scofield,
Shanks, Sheltabarger, Smith, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stokes, Stover, Taffe, Taylor,
Thomas, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Twiehell,
Upson, Van Aeriiam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T.
Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry
D. Washburn, Welker, Whittemore, William Wil-
liams. .John T, Wilson, and Windom—124.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Axteli, Barnum, Brooks,
Cary, Chanler, Eldridge, Fox, Gets, Golladay, Gro-
ver, Ilatght, Hoi man, Hotchkiss, Humphrey, In j>er-
Soll, Johnson. Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Marshall,
McCormiek, MoCullough, Mungen, Niblack, Nichol-
son, Phelps, Pruyn, Robinson, Ross, Taber, Tift,
Van Trump, and Young—33.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adam**, Anderson, Bailey,
Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, Beatty. Beck, Benton. Bing-
ham, Blaine, Boles, Bowen, Boyer Burr, Sidney
Clarke, Coburn, Covodo, Dawes, Delano, Dixon,
Dockery, Dodge, Farnsworth, Jfrepcb.GarfieM.Gtoss-
brenner, Haughey, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard/ Kellogg. Knott, Lash, George
V. Lawrcnee, Loan, Lynch, McCarthy, Morripsey.
Orth, Peters, Pettis, Pierce, Pike, Pile," Polsley, Ran-
dall, Schenck, Selye, Sitgreaves. Stewart, Stone,
Sypher, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken, Van
Wyok.Vidai, Elihu B.Washburne, William B. Wash-
burn, Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen
P. Wilson,-Wood, Woodbridge, and Woodward—65.
So the motion of Mr. Robinson was laid ofl
the table.
• The witness then retired in the custody of
the Sergeant-at-Arms.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Gloss-
bbenner on account of sickness, and to Mr.
Stokes from evening sessions on account of
indisposition.
Leave of absence was also granted to Mr.
Okih on account of his being obliged to leave
the city.
NATURALIZATION'—-ELECTION FRAUDS.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I now yield for
two minutes to my colleague, [Mr. Lawrence.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the joint Committee on Alleged Election
Frauds in NewYorkto make a report in part on
the subject committed to them, which I now do,
accompanied by certain bills and joint resolu-
tions, which I ask to have read a first and
second time and recommitted to the committee,
and with the report ordered to be printed.
NATURALIZATION IN NEW YORK CITY.
The first hill was a bill (H. R. No. 2002)
withdrawing jurisdiction of naturalization from
certain courts in New York city.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, I call for the reading of
the bill.
The bill was read. It provides that the su-
preme court, the circuit courts, and the courts
of oyer and terminer in the city and county of
New York, and the superior court of the city
of New York, shall not hereafter have power
to admit any alien to be a citizen.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does it require unani-
mous consent to have this bill reported from
the committee at this time?
The SPEAKER. The committee are au-
thorized to report at any time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist upon the regular
order of business, which I understand is some
matter which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Ashley] has in charge.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Ashley] yielded to his colleague, [Mr.
Lawrence,] who reports this bill from a com-
mittee authorized to report at any time. The
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] or
any other gentleman has a right to object to the
first reading of the bill, in which ease the
question will be, "Shall this bill be rejected?"
as will be seen by reference to the Digest.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is not exactly what
I desire. My object in calling for the reading
of this bill was to see what it was, and to object
to it if upon its reading I found I was opposed
to it.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I hope the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] will let
this bill be printed and recommitted.
| Mr. ELDRIDGE. I propose to oppose this
■ bill upon every occasion and in every form,
I shape, and manner.
J Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. If we are brought
j to a-direct vote upon the bill we may be com-
\ pelled to pass it without having it printed. I
i would prefer myself to see it in print.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I must object to the re-
ception of this bill.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Will it be in order upon
this reading to suspend the rules and pass the
bill at this time?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr, BOUTWELL. I do not know but what
