1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
293
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Higby.
Ho. of Reps.
Who can doubt? Who will still continue to
mar the credit of oar Government by declaring
that its debts are to be paid in paper, whose
value is alone to be found in the fidelity of our
Government to pay? The very effort to pay
in this manner would at once bring with it dis-
honor and a discredit that would require many
years of the best faith to remove.
Our national debt is over twenty-five hun-
dred million dollars. The interest upon the
interest-bearing portion annually is nearly one
hundred and thirty million dollars. Whether
we lessen the principal sum at present or not
our efforts should be to lessen the interest as
soon and as much as possible. How is this to
be done ? Those holding bonds are holding
them under contracts which neither the Gov-
ernment uor bondholder can violate. The
bondholder can exact no more interest than
the bond specifies; neither can the Govern-
ment fulfill the contract by paying less inter-
est; so that the Government cannot issue new
bonds bearing a lower rate of interest and
compel the bondholders to surrender the old
bonds and take in their stead new ones. Here
we have no relief, and, indeed, there is no re-
lief except through the well-established credit
of our Government, and in this we will see
and value its importance. All five-twenty
bonds over five years old the Government has
the right to call in, provided Government has
the ability to do so. If there is gold in the
Treasury to any amount after payment of inter-
est that gold could be used to take up five-
twenty bonds. But the experience thus far is
that the Treasury furnishes very little more
than enough to pay interest, and "for the pres-
ent no relief may be expected from that source.
Wealth increases in our country more than six
per cent, annuallj', which necessarily keeps up
a high rate of interest. Government must look
to a foreign loan. In Europe money is obtained
at much lower rates; and if our Government
will keep good faith, and can so induce the
nations to believe, the interest upon our in-
debtedness can be much reduced and our
financial burdens much lightened.
Mr. Speaker, we have sad evidence of the
evil arising from divided opinion how our Gov-
ernment shall redeem its bonds. I need not
repeat here what arguments have been used
and opinions expressed in this Hall within the
last fifteen months. They are known to the
country. I shall, though, criticise somewhat
the opinion expressed that our bonds, the five-
twenties, might legally be paid in Treasury
notes. One thing is very clear, our debates
have shaken the faith of people at home and
abroad to our great detriment. The capital of
the country is seeking for more lucrative invest-
ments than it finds in our Government bonds,
from which cause they have been sold in foreign
markets. Over five hundred million dollars of
our Government bonds are now in the hands
of foreign holders, purchased at great discount,
at least thirty cents on the dollar, inflicting a
loss upon our country of $150,000,000 at least.
British consols bearing three per cent, inter-
est are worth in London over ninety cent3—
twenty cents on tlie dollar more than our Gov-
ernment bonds. Our bonds bear six per cent.,
the interest of each is payable in gold, and the
interest on our bonds is paid semi-annually
promptly when due : there has been no failure
on the part of our Government as yet to pay
whatever has accrued of its interest-bearing
debt. Our bonds should have sold abroad at
much higher rates, and they would have so sold
but for the doubt raised by our divided cou u-
cils how the Government would pay them. If
our bondholders could have realized dollar for
dollar SloO,000,000 would have been saved to
the nation to aid in paying the public debt, to
help bear the burdens of the Government, and
to foster the business of the country.
A new country craves more capital than its
ordinary growth supplies. An increase of
capital by a foreign loan, to be thrown into the
channels of business, would advance individual
and national prosperity while aiding to lessen
annual public expenses. From a foreign loan
obtained at lower rates of interest than our
bonds bear two other advantages besides the
one just named would be derived—one of the
two would be in the reduction of interest to be
paid annually, the other in the large amount
of home capital set free to enter into the gen-
eral business of the country. While there is
some advantage arising from the fact that a
very large portion of the interest accruing
semi-annually upon our debt is paid to our
own citizens, that advantage is in a measure
balanced by the tying up or secluding from
business channels of the capital upon which
the interest is paid. If foreign loans could be
made at three, and a half to four per cent, in-
terest, and our five-twenty bonds be redeemed
rapidly, as under the law the Government could
do so until the $1,600,000,000 now out were
redeemed, the Government would save at the
least calculation $32,000,000 in gold annually.
Should home capitalists desire to take the new
loan at reduced rates of interest they should
be allowed to do so; but few, though, would
be likely to reinvest. Our Government being
largely in debt, its credit should be upon a
sound basis. It cannot dictate financially. If
it has made a hard bargain it must still fulfill
its obligations. If we as a nation have not
now ready capital for all emergencies our
country is full of undeveloped wealth that with
marvelous rapidity becomes available. Every
decade shows the available wealth more than
doubled. Our national credit should be saved
from dishonor. Fidelity and honor are above
price. No system of logic can lead to the
conclusion that a nation destitute of them can
prosper or long exist except as a byword and
reproach and the scorn of mankind.
Some have advocated in our debates the pay-
ment of bonds with Treasury notes. To en-
able the Government to pay as fast as they
become redeemable one oftwo facts mustcxist:
either the Treasury must have a large surplus
from revenue collected, after defraying current
expenses of the Government and paying inter-
est, to use for the purpose of redemption, or
Congress, if it has the power, must authorize
new issues of Treasury notes. Taxation is
now a burden to the people, and every revenue
bill brought forward amendatory of our rev-
enue laws contains some provision to lessen
the burden and still produce revenue enough
to defray all ordinary expenditures. The study
is to economize as much as possible, and so to
graduate taxes as to be least burdensome and
still produce sufficient revenue for current ex-
penditures. Revenue from taxation will fur-
nish no adequate means for an immediate
redemption of bonds. VVhat encouragement
do we find in the proposition—new issues of
Treasury notes ? Congress claimed the power
to issue Treasury notes and declared them law-
ful money at a time when the nation was in
great peril. a rebellion of unparalleled pro-
portions was striving to destroy us as a nation.
Every means in the reach of the Government
were called into requisition to aid in suppress-
ing that rebellion. The Government was in
need of money, and money it must have. Treas-
ury notes were issued under law of Congress as
a war measure and an inevitable necessity. By
many the right to exercise the power then was
denied. While 1 have no doubt that the neces-
sity of the case gave the power, and that the
act was a wise one, I do not believe that Con-
gress would be in any way justified in doing a
like thing now that we are at peace within our
borders and with all nations.
Gold and silver constitute the true standard
of value. Tbey have been the basis of our
currency since the foundation of our Govern-
meut, and in adhering to this standard as a
proper measure our Government has but fol-
lowed in the path trodden by all civilized na-
tions. We have commercial relations with all
tradingand commercial peoples. We exchange
commodities with them ; we buy of and sell to
them. This interchange has grown to a neces-
sity. Onr ordinary needs call for foreign prod-
ucts. By commerce nations are enriched, and
arts, sciences, and literature become a greater
benefit to mankind. The standard of value
must necessarily be the same or the nation that
uses any other must be the loser, and the sooner
all nations use the same coin at the same value
the better. The intrinsic value of gold and
silver gives great stability to circulating me-
dium. It is a standard limited in amount. Its
intrinsic value being so great, and its quantity
so limited, fluctuations are far le's frequent
and financial prosperity is the rule with very rare
exception. Paper currency is convenient and
preferable when it will command the amount
of specie it promises upon its face. Its value
is in the certainty that there is on deposit coin
sufficient to satisfy the sum named upon the
paper. Coin and paper, then, have the same
fixed value, the paper giving no increase to the
quantity of currency, but being used as a con-
venience, a representative of value to facilitate
exchanges. Paper currency used without a
specie basis, but issued upon the credit of Gov-
ernment and but a representative of credit, is
subject to fluctuation in quantity and value.
That nation must be largely in debt whose
paper currency is issued solely upon the credit
of its Government. The day of payment is
future, not present, and no burden is directly
felt, as no interest is to be paid. Such cur-
rency is easily obtained. Its cheapness encour-
ages extravagance and wild financial schemes,
to be followed by bankruptcy and financial
ruin. It is well for us that we refuse to allow
another issue of Treasury notes. The power
is doubtful to do so and the policy a dangerous
one. Paper currency has served its purpose
in the hour of our nation's trial. Rapidly as
possible we should return to the standard we
left when the rebellion commenced. Our prom-
ises should be brought to par value, and to aid
in hastening that condition of things let us
unite in support of the measure before us.
Let us declare to the nations of the earth, by
solemn enactment, that our debt shall be meas-
ured and paid by that standard of value known
and recognized by them. The sooner we do
this the sooner we will undo much mischief
already done by unwise debates. We will
retrace steps by so doing that have led to finan-
cial loss and national discredit. The business
of the country will become more prosperous,
capital will be set at work with far more cer-
tainty of success, and labor will be in greater
demand and receive a better reward. I hope
this bill will pass by a very large majority—the
larger the better—for the good of the country
and the speedy restoration of a sound state of
the finances of our Government.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment.
REMARKS OF HON. W. HIGBY,
Of CALIFORNIA,
In the House of Representatives,
March 3, 1869,
On the joint resolution (H. R. No. 402) proposing an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, we are making
haste slowly in the right direction. The Com-
mittee on Reconstruction have brought for-
ward another amendment to the Constitution,
and urged its favorable consideration in clear
and forciole language. It declares that—
Section 1. The rightof citizens of thoUnited States
to vote shall not be denied or abridged by theUnited
States or by any State on aocount of race, color, or
previous condition of servitude.
Sec. 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce
this article by appropriate legislation.
