294
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. op Reps.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Higby.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
The fourteenth article of the Constitution
clearly defines who are citizens of the United
States:
" All persons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States, and of the State wherein
they reside."
That is, all persons born in the United States
of any and every race and color, whether once
slave or always free, and also all persons for-
eign born, but who have been naturalized un-
der laws of Congress or by treaty stipulations,
and who are subject to the jurisdiction of the
United States, are declared citizens by that
article. The amendment proposed does not
restrain or enlarge the definition so given of
citizenship, but insures certain rights to per-
sons so defined to be citizens, not expressed
in any part of the Constitution. They shall
not be denied the rightto vote "on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude."
While the States are to be deprived of certain
powerjs exercised upon the suffrage question
no power is to be given to the United States,
for the restraint is to be upon both the Gen-
eral and State governments alike. It takes
the power from both to deny or abridge the
right to vote on account of the three conditions
named. The opponents of this measure can-
not with truth assert that power is to be central-
ized by its success, since power is not given but
taken aivay from both Federal and State gov-
ernments ; but the power to control the elective
franchise for other conditions than those named
in the proposed amendment is allowed to re-
pose where it now rests. There is littlb or no
danger to be apprehended from the exercise
of the powers remaining in the States upon
this question, as they will incline to extend
rather than restrain the rights and privileges
of the citizen. By a comparison between the
amendment proposed and the second section
of the fourteenth article we find the first a
great improvement upon the latter, and that
the difference may the more readily be seen I
will read the whole of that section:
" Representatives shall be apportioned among the
several States according to their respective numbers,
counting the whole number of persons in each State,
excluding Indians not taxed. But when the right
to vote at any election for the choice of electors for
President and Vice President of the United States,
Representatives in Congress, the executive and judi-
cial officers of a State, or the members of the Legis-
lature thereof, is denied to any of the male inhabit-
ants of such State, being twenty-one years of age
and citizens of the United States, or in any way
abridged, except for participation in rebellion or
other crime, the basis of representation therein shall
be reduced in the proportion which the number of
such male citizens shall bear to thewhole number of
male citizens twenty-one years of age in such State."
Clearly there is an implied authority in the
States, from the reading of this section, to
control iu a greater or less degree the right
of suffrage; but that the States might be in-
duced to extend the right to all classes of
citizens the right of representation in Congress
was confined to the voting class alone. This
is very questionable power to leave in the con-
trol of the States. If the Constitution of the
United States assumes to declare who are citi-
zens it should also- define the duties devolving
upon them and the rights and privileges to be
exercised and enjoyed by them. It will endan-
ger the stability and durability of our Govern-
ment to allow the States to control the question
of citizenship, its duties, rights, and privileges,
on any essential point, while the UnitedStates
provide who are citizens and who may be-
come such by laws of Congress and by treaty
stipulations.
The second sentence in the first section of
the fourteenth article seems to be full and
explicit as to the rights conferred upon those
declared to be citizens:
"No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citi-
zens of the UnitedStates; norshall any State deprive
any person of life, liberty, or property without due
process of law; nor deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.''
How comprehensive is this language ! It
would seem that every right pertaining to citi-
zenship was conferred, and yet the language
of the second section implies that a State may
deny or abridge the right of the citizen to vote.
The amendment proposed will do away with
much of the difficulty, confusion, and miscon-
ception that .have grown out of the apparent
conflict between the first and second sections
of the fourteenth article, and will secure to
the citizen the political rights to which he is
entitled beyond legal or constitutional re-
straint, either State or national. Citizenship
will rest where it should, at the foundation of
the Government. Upon citizenship free gov-
ernment should be established. The Consti-
tution and laws are but the expressed will of
the people ; that is, the citizens.
We are slowly approaching a clearer under-
standing of what are practically the rights of
persons. The question has been heretofore
involved in mist and doubt. Theories founded
in justice have been promulgated and received
the approval of all lovers of free government;
but their practical application to mankind has
been scouted when attempted, and they who
have made the attempt have been decried as
madmen or revolutionists..
Mr. Speaker, when were nobler and braver
words ever uttered than those found in the
Declaration of Independence 1
"We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all
men are created equal; that they are endowed by
their Creator with certain inalienable rights; that
among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-
piness. That to secure these rights governments are
instituted among men, deriving their just powers
from the consent of the governed; that whenever
any form of government becomes destructive of these
ends it is the right of the people to alter or abolish
it and to institute a new government, laying its
foundation on such principles and organizing its
powersin such form as to them shall soem most likely
to effect their safety and happiness."
The public exigency called for outspoken,
manly principles, such as addressed themselves
to all men as founded in humanity and justice.
How grandly does the declaration open:
" When in the course of human events it becomes
necessary for one people to dissolve the political
bands which have connected them with another, and
to assume among the Powers of the earth the sepa-
rate and equal station to which the laws of nature and
nature's God entitle them, a decent respect to the
opinions of mankind requires that they should de-
clare the causes which impel them to the separation."
Then immediately follows the words pre-
viously quoted, namely, "We hold these truths
to be self-evident," &c. Sir, do you think that
three millions of people struggling to free them-
selves from the thralldom of a powerful Govern-
ment, odious as it was unjust in its exactions,
a people that in their heavy trial needed the
favor and sympathy of mankind, would have
declared any but just and true principles ? False
principles then put forth as the ground of their
warfare would have lost to our fathers the cause
for which they contended. Justice has in it
the elements of strength, and doubly arms the
people who war against oppression.
After seven years of privation and sacrifice
and a heroism displayed unsurpassed by any
people, independence was secured, and our
present form of government soon thereafter
established. The dangers that threatened had
disappeared and peace had returned with its
blessings. The favor and sympathy of man-
kind were not then so essential, nor was for-
eign alliance needed to aid in perpetuating the
integrity of the new nation. The British Gov-
ernment encouraged the growth of African
slavery inher American colonies, and when they
had acquired their independence the institution
of slavery was found so closely interwoven with
the whole labor system in many of the States
that an immediate change was deemed imprac-
ticable. While it was thought that time would
work its decay under the Government just estab-
lished and its removal after a lapse of time be
the more easily effected the evil increased in
its proportions and took stronger hold. How
delusive was this hope ! This institution that
at the close of the war of the Revolution and
for many years thereafter was regarded as a
necessary evil, even in the slave States as well
as in the free, grew into favor and became a
pet institution where it existed, and was there
held to be of divine origin. Manual labor was
nearly all performed by slaves. Society rested
upon and was sustained by the institution in
the slave States. Subtle and fascinating in its
weakness, it rapidly increased to great power,
and became alarming in its proportions, over-
exacting in its demands, and ruled with des-
potic sway. Free institutions were crushed
beneath its heavy tread. The more it fed the
more ravenous it became. There was no manly
independence and no free expression in its
presence. Thriving business enterprise had
no footing where the institution had sway. The
slave was entirely subject to his master, and
the master was entirely subject to the institu-
tion. Master and slave were both in bonds.
The institution made the slave a brute and the
master an instrument of cruelty. Reason, jus-
tice, and humanity were burned out, and the
most hellish passions had rule.
All departments of Government were made
subservient to its purposes. Everywhere its
baneful influence was felt. Openly and inso-
lently its work of corruption went on. Good
men saw the magnitude of the evil, but were
unable to retard its progress, for it became the
power that resistance could not thwart. Equal
rights, free government, the will of the people
were themes for theorizing; but the system that
held millions in bondage so tainted public mor-
als, benumbed the consciences of men, and
perverted their judgment that these themes did
not advance beyond theories. The realization
of the principles set forth in the Declaration
of Independence was more remote after a lapse
of eighty-five years than at the time of its pro-
mulgation. Through the arts of peace there
was no hope of reform. To human ken the
dark cloud that had been so long gathering
seemed to grow heavier and less penetrable.
The wisest and most profound human philos-
ophy was unable to point the way of escape.
How could it, when Christian churches were
dumb in the presence of this overshadowing
power, and in some instances bowed in hom-
age?
Rebellion, the-legitimate fruit of the slave
power antagonized by free institutions, broke
forth with all the horrors of civil war. The
death struggle between free government and the
slave power came. One must die; both could
not survive. The nations stood amazed at the
dreadful havoc going on, and wondered what
the end would be. Let us leave history to re-
cord the scenes of desolation and sorrow caused
by the conflict and give all thanks to that Being
who aided our patriotic countrymen in the field,
in council, and in their labors at home in the
common cause to victory over rebellion, and
all thanks, too, that in that victory slavery
perished.
Mr. Speaker, we can, if we will, now estab-
lish true principles of government. Slavery
does not exist. We have no excuse for refusing
to declare all citizens politically equal, unless
our excuse be found in the prejudice fostered
within us by the institution of slavery against
those who were lately in bondage—a bondage
which the bondman could not avoid and for
which our countrymen were guilty. The lesson
of the rebellion was terrible in its severity.
Had the principles of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence been earried out both in letter and
spirit at the outset, the civil strife might have
been avoided and our country much further
advanced in wealth and power, and free gov-
ernment more firmly established, protecting and
blessing more equally all classes of people.
'' Man proposes, but God disposes.'' From un-
compensated labor man proposed to accumulate
wealth. Who can count up the fearful losses
