1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
40th Coxa....3d Sess.
Washington Family Belies—Mr. Jones.
Ho. op Reps.
the nation suffered during the conflict? Can
figures make the estimate? The products of
slavery would not compensate for the wealth
used and destroyed. But figures would entirely
fail when we attempt to estimate the loss from
our patriot dead sacrificed to save the nation.
We can avoid a repetition of the ordeal by hold-
ing sacred the rights inherent in citizenship.
Power exercised to withhold rights from any
class of citizens, " except for participation in
rebellion or other crime," puts in danger the
liberties of the people. Power so exercised
-vouid be for selfish ends, and not to establish
justice.
In the fourteenth article we deny to the com-
mon felon and the traitor the right to vote.
Why do we deny the right to these classes?
In part as a penalty and m part to disarm dan-
gerous men of power. Shall we set over on
the side with the felons and traitors any por-
tion of our citizens and deny them this sacred
right "on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude?" Can we forget the
devotion and fidelity of the colored race during
the terrible struggle through which our coun-
try has just passed ? They knew if the rebel-
lion was crushed that slavery would be at an
•end. To what end have we already declared
them to be citizens? What does itprofit them to
be citizens if they are not. to enjoy the rights?
They cannot secure to themselves civil rights
through the empty name of citizen; .their secur-
ity will be in the protection which the ballot
will give them. Will we, now that they have
become citizens in name, leave them power-
less politically? They would be a powerful
and dangerous physical element in time of
civil strife or foreign war if opposed to the
Government. To attach them to the Govern-
ment and make them its warm friends and
firm supporters they must be allowed to share
its privileges or immunities to the full extent,
as well as required to share in bearing its
burdeBS. In some way we must so treat the
■excluded class of citizens that they will become
an element of strength at all times. They are
in our midst, natives, knowing no other land,
and here they will abide for all that we can
do, and here they have a right to remain.
Let '.5 make them as much interested in the
weiiare of this Government as we are. This
we can do by conferring upon thena what we
under like circumstances would be justified
in demanding. It is not safe, in settling great
principles of government, to be led to final
action by prejudice. Our conclusions should
be based upon unbiased judgment, rising above
passion and prejudice. Let us not hesitate to
do this wise and just act " on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude" of
those who are to be reached by this proposed
amendment. It is true that much has been
•said against sharing political rights equally
with the colored race: that it would necessi-
tate too intimate social relations between the
'wo laees. Can the dividing line between the
Anglo-Saxon and the African races be more
completely obliterated than it has been in the
tate slaveholding States under the slave rule ?
I will not attempt to answer an argument ad-
dressed to prejudice and passion, one that his-
tory has so incontestibly answered. _ Political
rights and social relations have but little to do
with each other. I have no fears that placing
the ballot in the colored man's hand will be
his passport to all ranks and conditions of
society. We of the same race, possessing equal
political rights, have our social divisions, divis-
ions to which all persons are amenable. Let us
dismiss all fallacious arguments, rise above sel-
fish influences, and resolve to do what the times
demand. It will be a proud day for free gov-
ernment when citizenship shall be well defined
and clearly understood; when in its privileges
or immunities it shall not only be beyond the
assaults of constitutions and laws, but be itself
-constitution and law-maker.
s Washington Family Relics.
REMARKS OF HON. T. L. JONES,
of kentucky,
1st the House of Representatives,.
March 3, 1869,
On the following resolution offered by Mr. Covode,
from the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, in relation to the Washington family
relics:
Resolved, That the articles known as the effects of
George Washington, the Father of his Country, now
in the custody of the Department of the Interior, are
of right the property of the United States; and any
attempt on the part of the present Administration or
any Department thereof to deliver the same to the
rebel General Robert E. Lee is an insult to the loyal
people of the United States; and they ought to be
kept as relics in the Patent Office, and ought not to be
delivered to any one without the consent of Congress.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, as
a member of the committee to which was re-
ferred the resolution of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] in regard to the "Mount
Vernon relics," I beg leave to dissent from the
report and resolution just offered by the com-
mittee, and to submit as a minority report the
following:
Resolved, That the articles in the Patent Office,
which have been identified as the property of Mrs,
Mary Custis Lee, and which were taken without
authority of the Government from her home at
Arlington, as they are of but little value except as
heir-looms in her family, bequeathed to her by her
father, George Washington Parke Custis, be, at her
request, restored to her possession.
I would, Mr. Speaker, be wanting in self-
respect and in a proper regard for the high
reputation of my Government and country, for
its justice and magnanimity, if I did not urge
the passage of this resolution. I confess, sir,
that my sensibility was shocked in no small
degree when the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] offered the resolution of inquiry which
was referred to this committee, and upon which
they have made a report, unanimous indeed,
save by my acquiescence. I desire the atten-
tion of the House while I make as brief a
detail as possible of the circumstances which
make up the little history of these Mount Ver-
non relics. In the spring of 1862, shortly after
the beginning of the late unhappy civil war,
General Scott, then in command of the Army
of the United States, sent a message to Mrs.
General Lee that she must leave Arlington,
as it would be required for a military station.
In the quickest possible time she prepared to
do so, and boxing up the smaller articles of
her household she delivered the keys to an
old female family servant, requesting her to
do the best she could under the circumstances,
and took her departure, sad indeed, from this
splendid ancestral home. Three long years
of war and nearly four of peace had inter-
vened, when a few days ago it happened to be
brought to public attention that some of these
articles were in the Patent Office, in the Inte-
rior Department of the Government. How
they came there we have no official knowledge
except that given by the Secretary of the In-
terior, who appeared before the committee on
yesterday and said that all the information he
had been able to get upon the subject was
that they were brought to the Patent Office by
one Caleb Lyons, of Boston.
The private history of the matter, which I
have learned from a most reliable source, is
that when General McDowell took possession
of the Arlington House as a post of the Army
the old servant who had care of the place, and
to whom Mrs. Lee had given the keys, told him
that the soldiers had broken down many of the
doors, broken open the boxes, and had stolen
many of the goods left in her charge, espe-
cially the clothing, which she had been directed
by Mrs. Lee to divide among her servants;
whereupon the general and his good lady made
■an examination of the articles still there, which
the general ordered to be taken to the Depart-
ment of the Interior for safe-keeping as the
property of Mrs. Lee.
These are all the facts we have been able to
learn as to the manner in which these articles
were obtained. Some weeks ago Captain James
May, of Illinois, formerly of Pittsburg, Penn-
sylvania, an old friend of General and Mrs.
Lee, and a man during the war of unques-
tioned loyalty, being on a visit to this city and
hearing that these articles so valued by Mrs.
LeewiereinthePatent Office, thought he wotild
do an act of kindness to her in suggesting some
mode by which they might with propriety be
restored to her.
He mentioned the subject to several distin-
guished gentlemen of this city, among them
General Dent, the father-in-law of the Presi-
dent-elect, who, with others, approved the laud-
able purpose of Captain May. President John-
son was also consulted, but declined to give
any opinion or make any suggestion until the
matter was before him in some authentic form.
Captain May finally addressed the following
note to Mrs. Lee :
Washington, D. C., Februarys, 1889.
My Valued Friend: I find in the Patent Office a
remnant of the articles relative to Washington, and
that came from Mount Vernon. Those politically-
canonized and universally-appreciated relics were
placed by the will of your revered father in your
custody during the term of your life.
Several prominent gentlemen here express the
opinion that a written request from you to President
Johnson will induce his executive interference in the
premises and restore you to your legitimate rights as
custodian of those relics. Therefore I respectfully
suggest the propriety of your making such request
as soon as convenient.
As ever, your sincere friend,
JAMES MAT.
Mrs. General Lee.
Upon the reception of this note Mrs. Lee
addressed t5re President, as follows:
Lexington, Virginia, --
February 10,1869.
Mr. President : Encouraged by your kind atten-
tion to a former application, and prompted by my
fri end, Cap tain May, I now venture to request that yo u
will direct all the articles taken from Arlington and
deposited in the Patent Offioe to be restored. They
are relies from Mount Vernon bequeathed to me by
my father, and consequently of great valueand inter-
est to his family.  
Very respectfully, MARY CUSTIS LEE.
His Excellency Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States.
This letter was directed under cover to Cap-
tain May, and by him placed in the hands of
Secretary Browning, who said in his testimony
before the committee he delivered it to the
President in full Cabinet meeting, and upon its
being read, every member of the Cabinet agreed
that the request of Mrs. Lee should be com-
plied with, and it was ordered that she be
informed accordingly. _
Mrs. Lee, having been informed of the decis-
ion of the President and his Cabinet, and being
requested to appoint some one to identify, re-
ceive, and receipt for the articles, deputed an
old friend, a ladyof Georgetown to accomplish
the purpose. Before the transfer of the articles
was effected the papers of this city announced
what was being done, when the resolution of
inquiry was offered in this House, and all nego-
tiation for the^articles ceased. It may be inter-
esting to the House and the country to know
what these articles are. They are beggarly
remnants, broken and shattered, and in real
value, as the Secretary said, are not worth what
it would cost to transport them to Lexington.
The list is as follows:
"One pair of candelabra, a lot of gilded orna-
ments, 42 plates, 16 dishes, 1 punch-bowl, 3 finger-
bowls, 2 vases, 1 looking-glass, 1 table, 1 money-chest,
1 knife-case, 1 case for silverware, 1 box drawers, 1
wash-stand, 1 dressing-bureau, 1 wmdow-curtaui, 4
tent-polesand pins, 1 bedspread,! blanket, 1 set bed-
curtains, 1 pair short breeches and vest.
It is true that these articles, or some of them,
were once the effects of " George Washington,
the Father of his Country," but it is nottrue, as
intimated by the committee, " that any attempt
was made by the present Administration or
any department thereof to deliver the same to
