1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1471
cent, higher than the bonds of the United
States, The difference can only be accounted
for in the fact that the State of Massachusetts
has taken care that its credit should always be
protected, while we, oa the contrary, having
this enormous indebtedness upon us, have not
been equally cautious iu giving to the world
evidence of our intention as well as our ability
to pay.
Hence I say that after having secured con-
fidence iu our ability, this expression by the
solemn enactment of a law by the Congress of
the U nited States of our intention to pay our
obligations will carry the credit of our country
to a point where we can easily reach the desired
resumption of specie payments. The only dif-
ficulty will have been overcome when the obli-
gations of this Government shall be considered
equal to specie. That is the great problem to
be solved; and whenever our credit shall be
sufficiently established the resumption of specie
payments will be but a matter of form. I agree
with the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means [Mr. Schsnck] that the ultimate
resumption of specie payments in this country
is but an incident growing out of a condition
to which we may arrive.
A bill passed this House the other day for-
biddingthe further issueof gold-bearing interest
national bonds. The result of the passage of
that bill, together with the agitation on the bill
now before the House, had a tendency at once
to advance United States bonds in the markets
of the world. The mere expression on the part
of this House of a determination to make no
further increase of our national indebtedness,
and the mere anticipation of the passage of the
bill now before the House, were of themselves
sufficient to carry oar bonds up from three to
five per cent.
With the passage of this bill, or some similar
bill, enunciating, as this bill does, the determin-
ation of the Government to pay its indebted-
ness not only in accordance with the letter, but
•with the spirit of its obligations, there will have
been reached a point which will at all events be
well nigh a solution of the important financial
question which now occupies our attention.
The difference between four per cent, and six
per cent, interest will at once relieve us of
$50,000,000 annually.
And if our expectations m regard to a rea-
sonably efficient and a reasonably honest ad-
ministration on the part of those officers of the
Government who are charged with the collection
of the revenue, if those expectations shall be
realized, we have a right to suppose that even
under existing laws we shall have a surplus at
the end of the current fiscal year of not less
than from one hundred to one hundred and
fifty million dollars. The Special^ Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue in hia reports
estimates the surplus for the present year
at $125,000,000. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Schenck] I
think estimates the surplus at more than that.
And it will be borne in mind that this esti-
mate is made with dishonesty, with profligacy,
with corruption, with exemption from respon-
sibility and punishment on the part of a very
large proportion of those in whose hands are
intrusted the collection and disbursement of
our revenue. If with the condition of things
which has existed in the pastthe estimates are
warranted we are certainly justified in taking
a still more hopeful view of the future.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHEUfCIL I propose va yield the
remainder of my time to the gentleman from
California, [Mr. IIicby.] But before doing
so I desire to say that as the House on yester-
day manifested a determination not to let this
debate extend beyond the hour to which I am
entitled, I propose at the close of that hour to
call the previous question. If that call shall
be sustained I shall then be entitled to an hour
to close the debate on this subject, and I will
parcel out my time among gentlemen who
want to speak, allowing them as much oppor-
tunity as I can to discuss this question, hoping
til have a vote on it to-morrow.
Mr. WARD. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Schenck] if he thinks he ought to call the
previous question now on a bill of this import-
ance?
Mr. SCHENCK. If the House compel me
to do so I must do so. I asked the House
yesterday to allow more time for debate, and
my request was^ refused.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
twenty-five or thirty gentlemen have expressed
a desire to obtain the floor at the close of the
hour to move the previous question, stating
that at this period of the session they prefer,
on account of the pressure of public business,
to vote rather than to make speeches.
Mr. WARD. I suppose that if we vote down
the previous question 
The SPEAKER. Then the bill will be open
to general debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. Of course the House, if
it desires the debate to continue, can vote down
the demand for the previous question.
I now yield to the gentleman from Califor-
nia [Mr. Higby] ail the remainder of my hoar
except half a minute, which I reserve for the
purpose of calling the previous question.
Mr. MILLER. Before the gentleman from
California proceeds will not the gentleman
from Ohio allow me to offer an amendment to
strike out the proviso of the first section ?
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] that,
having made his speech upon this subject, he
now allow the bill to be postponed so that the
public business may go on.
Mr. SCHENCK. I regard this as public
business and I desire it to go on.
Mr. HIGBY addressed the House. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to demand the pre-
vious question. Gentlemen ask to have a
separate vote on the first section becaase they
desire to vote against it. I am sorry to hear
that anybody proposes to vote against that sec-
tion.' Some gentlemen also ask to have a sepa-
rate vote on the second section. Before demand-
ing the previous question I will allow those two
amendments to be moved.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to strike out the
first section.
Mr. ALLISON,
second section.
Mr. SCHENCK.
I move to strike out the
I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to proceed to the
business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. That would be in order
if there had been a morning hour. There was
no morning hour to-day, and the Chair doubts
whether there will be any during the remainder
of the session.
The House divided on seconding the demand
for the previous question; and there were—
ayes 72, noes 41.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the bill and
amendments be laid on the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays cn ordering the main question to be now
P The yeas ancl nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 43, not
voting 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Ames. Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Axtell, Barnes, Benton, Blair.
Rniitwell Bowen.Boyden, Broomall, Buckley, Cake,
Callis, Churchill. Sidney Clarke, Clift. Corley, Cor-
nell Cullom. I)awes, Delano, Deweese, Dickey,
Dockory, Dodge. Donnelly, Driggs, Eekiey,
]). Eliot, JamesT. Elliott, Fernss, Eerry,[Fields, Hal-
sey Harding, Haughey, Heaton Bill, Hooper,
Hotehkiss.Ch ester D. Hubbard, Richard D.Hubbaid,
Hulburd.Jenokes,AlexanderH Jones, Judd, Julian,
Kelley,Kellogg, Koonts.Laflm.b-eorgeV.Lawrence,
Losau Mallory, Maynard. Mekee, Xlercur, Miller,
Moore. Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins. Myers, News-
ham Norris, Nunn, O'Neill. Perhaui, Pefceis, Pettis,
Ph™l'ps, Pierce, Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Prince.
Raum, Robertson, Roots, Sawyer, Scheack, Scofiela,
Spalding, Starkweather, Stewart, btover,
Taffe Twichell, Upson, "V an Aernam, Burt Van
Horn', Robert 't. Van Horn. Ward, Cadwnlader C.
Wasfaburn, William B, Washburn, Thomas Williams,
James P. Wilson, ana Windou}—101.
NATS—Messrs. Archer, Baker, Bentty, Beck,
Bromwel), Bnekland, Burr, Gary. Cobb. Coburn,
Cook, Ela, Eldridge, French. Gfeta, Goltaday, Goas,
Gravely, Grover, Holman Hopkins, Hunter, John-
son, Thomas Ii. Jones, Kerr, Knott, William Law-
rence. Loughridge, Marshall, MeCorniiek, .Mum:on,
Niblack, Pike, Pruyn. Shanks, Stevens, Stone, Tift,
Van Trump. Honry D. Washburn, Welker, John T.
Wilson, and Young—43.
NO'!! VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell,
Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Barnuni, Beaman, Benja-
min, Binirham, Blackburn, Blaine, Boles, Boyer,
Brooks, Benjamin J. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Chanler, Read ear W. Clark e.Covode, Dixon, Edwards,
Eggleston, Farnsworth, Pox, Garfield, Glossbrenner,
Gove,Griswold,Haight, Hamilton, Hawkins, tligby,
Asaliel W. Hubbard, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Kelsoy,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Lash, Lmcoln.Loan, Lynch, Mar-
vin, McCarthy McCullough, Morrissey, Newcomb,
Nicholson, Orth, Paine,Pile, Plants, Polsley, Ran-
dall, Robinson, Ross, Selye, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves,
Smith, Stokes, Sypber, Taylor, Thomas, John Trim-
ble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Auken,
Van Wyck, Vidal, BSihuB. Washburne.Whittemore,
William Williams, Stephen V. Wilson, Wood, Wood-
bridee, and W oodward—78.
So the main question was ordered to be now
put.
leave op absence.
Leave of absence was granted for the even-
ing session to Mr. McCorjiick, Mr. Mungen,
and Mr. Kerr, on account of sickness.
Mr. YOUNG and Mr. KNOTT asked for
leave of absence during the evening session.
Mr. BROOKS objected.
order of business.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order this evening in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was to resume
the consideration of the legislative, executive,
and judicial appropriation bill; and that as
Mr. Schenck could not be present at half past
seven o'clock, the chair would be taken by Mr.
Wilson, of Iowa.
The hour of half past four o'clock having
arrived, the House took a recess till half past
seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., the recess having expired. .
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved
that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Wilson, oflowa, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of House bill No.
1673, making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1870.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of State:
For compensation of the Secretary of State, two
Assistant Secretaries of State, for chief clerk, eight
clerks of class four, additional to one clerk of class
four as disbursing clerk, eight clerks of class three,
three clerks of class two. three clerks of class one,
one messenger, one assistant messenger, and seven
laborers, SCS.liO: Provided That the pay ,of any
messenger in either of the departments (legislative,
executive, or judicial) of the Government employed
during the whole yearshall be $840 per annum, and
no more; the pay of any assistant messenger em-
ployed as aforestated shall be $700 per annum and
no more; and the pay of all laborers and watchmen
(whe'hernightor day) employed as aforestated shall
be $600 per annum, and no moro.
Mr. ELA. I move to strike out the word
c' legislative." I find that the Post Office mes-
sengers are included, and I think if there is
any class of persons that ought to be excluded
from this proviso it ought to be the messen-
gers who perform this particular service.
Mr. PETERS. I raise a point of order on
this paragraph, that it is independent legisla-
tlCf iie CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order; it comes too late.
The amendment of Mr. Em was disagreed to.
Mr PETERS. 1 move to strike out'1 $«00''
and insert " $700." I meant to have been m
season to make the point of order on this para-
graph as independent legislation. As it reads
