296
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. of Reps.
Washington Family Relics—Mr. Jones.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
the rebel General Robert E. JLee." That dis-
tinguished and noble gentleman and hero has
had nothing whatever to do with this transac-
tion. but in regard to it has maintained the
delicacy and dignity which have characterized
him through life, and which now especially
challenge the admiration of every unprejudiced
and manly heart.
These articles were the property of Mrs.
Lee, and hers only, for her natural life, to be
transmitted as heir-looms to her latest posterity,
and she only applied for them at the sugges-
tion of others, and then with that true modesty
•which adorns her sex, of which indeed she is
one of the brightest ornaments. Mrs. Lee is
the daughter and only child of George Wash-
ington Parke Custis, who was the grandson
of Mrs. Martha Custis, afterward Martha Wash-
ington, wife of the "Father of his Country."
How she became possessed of Arlington House
and estate will be seen by the following extracts
from her father's will:
" I give and bequeat h to my dearly beloved daugh-
ter and ODly child, Mary Ann Randolph Lee, my
Arlington House estate, in the county of Alexan-
dria and State of Virginia, containing eleven hun-
dred acres, more or less, and my mill on Four Mile
run, in the county of Alexandria, and the lands of
mine adjacent to said milt in the counties of Alex-
andria and Fairfax, in the State of Virginia, the use
and benefit of all just mentioned during the term
of her natural life, together with my horses and
carriages, furniture, pictures, and plate during the
term of her natural life."
And in another section he says:
" My daughter, Mary A. R. Lee, has the privilege
by this will of dividing my family plate among my
grandchildren, but the Mount Vernon plate alto-
gether, and every article 1 possess relating to TVash-
ington and that came from Mount Vernon, is to re-
main with my daughter at Arlington House during
said daughter's lite, and at her deith to go to mv
eldest grandson, George Washington Custis Lee, and
to descend from him entire and unchanged to my
latest posterity."
It is thus seen that these articles were never
the property of General Lee, but of his wife,
and to be the property of her posterity forever.
Arlington itself, that palatial home, was hers
only, and for her natural life, and could not
justly have been confiscated on account of the
acts of her husband. She followed his foot-
steps, indeed, it may be from inclination, as
any true woman would have done; but that she
was ordered by the Federal commander to
leave her beloved home is nevertheless true.
Where could she go but to him who in weal or
woe possessed her heart, and on whom she must
lean for counsel and support? We may well
imagine how in sadness and tears she took her
way from this blessed abode, this paradise, her
"native soil, these happy walks and shades,
fit haunt of gods."
• The Government of the United States now
has possession ot thi-s magnificent domain, and
has devoted it to a sacred purpose, but how or
by what title obtained ? It may surprise all
just and honorable minds to know that it was
obtained simply by tax title ; the property put
up and sold for taxes, the friends of General
and Mrs. Lee, who were anxious to do so, not
being allowed to buy it in, but the Government
authorities arbitrarily claiming to be the right-
ful purchasers. We may exalt in national
glory, and in some instances trace our policy
to magnanimous examples among theStates of
Christendom, but we can only look to heathen
nations for deeds like this; and even then we
may be put to shame by comparison. Mrs.
Lee has thus been deprived of her home, the
gift of her father and the descending property
of her children to the latest generation. We
may not stop to argue that, why or wherefore.
A day of reckoning may come as to that; but
shall we now withhold from her these mutilated
relics of her ancestors, transmitted as sacred
trusts to her for the benefit of those to come
after her? Many of these articles were the
property of Mrs. Washington ; some of them,
as the china set, presented to her by General
La Fayette and given by her to her grandson,
who bequeathed them to his daughter. By
what right or propriety can we retain them?
I am reluctant to believe, Mr. Speaker, that
partisan frenzy and hate will go so far even in
this Fortieth Congress, certainly not distin-
guished for its justice and magnanimity.
There is a spirit sometimes among men which
refines, dignifies, and exalts them almost to an
equality with angels, and there is another which
degrades them and would drag angels down,
which would pursue their conquered enemies
with relentless fury, desecrate their graves, pen-
etrate the tomb, and wreak their insatiate ven-
geance upon the moldering bones of the dead.
I trust we have none of this latter spirit, but
that we have learned to be magnanimous from
our very triumphs and exaltation. Success
should teach us nobility and virtue. How do
we stand before the world ? The great civil
war has ended; our foes were our brothers ; it
was a family quarrel and warfare ; they are
vanquished; their camp-fires have gone out;
their bugle blasts have died upon the air; their
last shouts of battle haveascendcd to the skies ;
thousands have gone to a soldier's grave ;
their wives and mothers and sisters darken the
land with weeds of mourning; and they who
have survived have borne for nearly four long
years the keen anguish of defeat, and with
heroic fortitude are now pleading for equal
immunities, obligations, and burdens under the
old Government of our common fathers.
" Clime of the unforgotten brave I
Whose land from plain to mountain cave
Was Freedom's home or Glory's gravel
Shrine of the mighty 1 can it be
That this is all remains of thee ?"
Our own losses and griefs have also been
great indeed, but from this mighty conflict we
have emerged with a conscious strength and
power of which we were ignorant before ; the
ordeal has been one of blood and tears and
death, but it is passed, and we are in part
united again, and are moving on indissolubly,
I hope, to greater prosperity and renown.
Can we not afford to be as magnanimous as
we have been victorious? What so noble in a
victorious chief as generosity and kindness to
his fallen foe? Shall we not learn lessons from
history ? When Alexander the Great met and
defeated in the battle of Arbela the splendid
Persian monarch Darius, and took prisoners
his wife and mother and daughters, with all
their gold and silver, gorgeous furniture, and
spacious apartments, on seeing his chariot
they broke out in lamentations for fear he
would destroy them and all they had possessed ;
but he sent Leonatus to assure them that they
had nothing to fear from Alexander, for his
dispute with Darius was only for empire, and
that they should find themselves protected and
provided for in the same manner as when
Darius was in his greatest prosperity. When
Julius Caspar met his rival Potnpey on the
plains of Pharsalia and conquered him, gain-
ing the most complete victory of his life, the
chief glory of the conquest was the clemency
of the conqueror. Many of the vanquished
were his own countrymen. He granted them
amnesty and took them into his own army, and
he gave liberty to the whole nation of Thessaly
for th.3 sake of the victory he had obtained
that day. The laurels of the hero and states-
man were thus blended on his brow.
I need not call to mind other illustrious
examples. Shall we not profit by them in this
enlightened age? I appeal to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] who offered this
resolution of iuquiry, and who was a conspic-
uous actor in this unhappy war, if it is not
tinw that the ferocity of the soldier should be
lost in the sagacity of the statesman? Much
remains to conquer still. " Peace hath her
victories no less renowned than war." Gen-
erous actions shed the brightest luster on the
shield of glory. The tear that moistens the
hero's eye or glistens on his cheek is brighter
than the diamond in his coronet; and when he'
comes to the final struggle of life, when he
himself surrenders, as he must, the remem-
brance of one generous act to the unfortunate,
; will be worth more to him than all the splen-
dors of the sword; it will be the civic crown
of the Roman, and one of his surest passports
to immortal bliss.
Can any gallant soldier of the Union deny
this meed of justice and courtesy to the wife
of the great captain of the rebellion ? Can he
refuse her her own ? Can he withhold from
her the broken " plate." the ruined " vase,"
the tattered " bedspread and blanket" of her
great, grandmother? I will not believe it.
What means the amnesty provided in the
amendment to your Constitution held out to
those who have borue arms against the Union
when you deny simple justice and civility to
pnre, unoffending, and dependent woman?
Would you make the word of promise to the
ear and break it to the hope? Would you
trample tile flowers of forgiveness in the dust,
and "waste their sweetness on the desert air ?"
Imitate the example of your illustrious chief,
who has just made his way to that proud seat
of power he is about to assume with the sub-
lime insignia of peace emblazoned on his ban-
ner, now, indeed, enshrined in the hearts of
his followers and become their cherished and
boasted motto. " Let us have peace! " Act
up to that conquering ensign, mete it out in
all things, little and great, and you will con-
summate the end so devoutly wished. If
^General Grant at the fall of Vicksburg could
"allow his prisoners to retire with the arms he
had subdued, and if he could, with more ma-
jestic courage and dignity of soul, on the final
field of Appomattox return his surrendered
sword to the grand leader of the rebellious
hosts himself, can we not find it in our hearts
to restore to the unoffending wife of his bosom
these poor tokens of peace, the treasured relics
of her ancestors ? Oh, how glorious to be
"In war renowned, in peace sublime."
It will be holding up the hands and confirm-
ing the covenant of your illustrious chief to be
inaugurated to-morrow, it will be aiding in
his own efforts, as I trust they are, to cluster
about his head the martial splendors of Marl-
borough with the milder glories of the good
Prince of Orange. It will be promoting him
to the side of Washington himself. This will
cost us nothing, and, in one sense, will be the
smallest contribution to peace, bat it will have
a mighty significance.
" Little drops of water, little grains of sand,
Make the mighty ocean and the bounteous land;
Little deeds of kindness, iittlo works of love,
Make this world an Eden like to heaven above."
This simple act of justice and gallantry will
touch every southern heart, and do more in
restoring loyalty than an army with banners.
There is not a hero, mother, wife, or child in
all that sunny land whose bosom will not swell
with emotions of respect for their conquerors
and with returning devotion to the Union
they could not destroy. It will be sending dew-
drops to the parched and withered fields, and
will shed a gentle fragrance upon their bleed-
j iug hearts ; it will be scattering sprigs of the
olive branch in all their dwellings, cheering
them in their desolation and inspiring them
anew in their struggles and prayers for their
former and better state.
" With peace and soft rapture shall teach life to
glow,
And light up a smile in the aspect of woe."
Let us in this, I beseech you, consult our
higher nature; let us be guided by examples
of the best and noblest of our race, and not
be unmindful of the sublime admonitions of
our Divine Master. Let one of the last acts
of this expiring Congress be remembered as
one of justice and clemency. Let us return
these relics where they properly belong. I
doubt not, Mr. Speaker, if we could this night
summon from the "mansions of rest" the
blessed spirit of our Washington he would say
to us, Be magnanimous and just, my country-
