,820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
Mr. TRUMBULL. It provides simply for
printing some evidence that is in the War
Department, which it is desirable to use in
the Court of Claims on the part of the attor-
neys of the Government. I suppose there will
be 110 objection to it.
By -unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the, joint resolution (H. 1$. No. 404) pro-
viding for the_ disposition of-certain papers
relating to military'claims'accruing m the
department of the West. It provides that all
the papers and evidence returned to the War
-Department by the Davis, Holt, and Campbell
commission {touching elaimsagainst the depart-
ment of the West accruing immediately before
the 14th of October, 1801,) shall be surren-
dered and turned over to the Attorney Gen-
eral, whose duty it is to be to cause the evidence
t6 be examined ; and such part thereof as has
' any bearing on eases pending in the Court of
Claims is to be printed, and received in the
Court of Claims as if it were evidence taken
under commission from that court, subject,
however, to reexamination or cross-examina-
tion of the witnesses by either party.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the joint resolution with an amendment, which
was to strike o"ut all of the resolution after the
words " to be," in the ninth line, in the follow-
ing weirds: "examined; and such part thereof
as has any bearing on cases pending in the
Court of Claims shall be printed and received
in said Court of Claims as if it were evidence
taken under commission from said court, sub-
ject, however, to reexamination or cross-ex-
amination of the witnesses by either party,"
and to insert the word " printed so that the
resolution will read:
Tbnt nil the papers and evidence returns! to the
War Department by the Davis. Holt, a„d Campbell
commission (touolmig claims against the department
of the West accruing immediately bof'oro tho lith
of October, 1861) shall be surrendered and turned
over to the Attorney General, whose duty it shall bo
to cause the evidence to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire of the chair-
man of the committee for what reason the last
portion of that resolution should be stricken
out? I do not see any use in the world in
having all that great mass of evidence printed
if after it is printed there can be no use made
of it in the Court of Claims. I should like to
have that explained by the chairman of the
committee.
Mr. IRUMBULL. The Senator from Mis-
souri, I presume, is acquainted with the Davis,
Holt, and Campbell commission. He knows
what it was. This testimony was taken ex
parte by that commission. They were not a
commission organized by law, but were se-
lected by the War Department for tho purpose
of examining claims in the department of the
There are cases pending in tho Court
of Claims to which this testimony relates. The
attorneys of the Government, in defending the
Government against those claims, wish to have
access to these papers, so as to put them upon
the line of testimony, if there is anything in
it that they ought to procure to properly de-
fend the Government. It was thought by the
committee that it was not proper that this tes-
timony taken ex parte should be received in
court as evidence without the other party
being present to examine it, and particularly
as it was taken before a board that was not
authorized by law to take testimony. But it
is very desirable that the Attorney General's
office should have access to these papers. The
proposition is only to print those portions of
the papers relating to the cases that are pend-
ing in court.
Mr. DRAKE. I am inclined to think that
there maj? be a mistake of fact on the part of
the Judiciary Committee in regard to this testi-
mony. If I am wrong in attributing a mistake
to them the honorably chairman will make it
known to nae immediately. I do not think that
that testimony was in every instance ex narte
Mr. TRUMBULL. Probably not in every
instance, but much of it was.
Mr. DRAKE. If there were witnesses exam-
ined with regard to the claims of any individual
against the Government and he had the oppor-
tunity of cross-examining those witnesses, then
by all the rules of l$w the testimony taken and
recorded there is evidence in all cases between
the same parties at any period of time after-
wards.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What! Unless the wit-
ness is dead?
Mr. DRAKE. Unless the witness is dead
or inaccessible. I suppose it may be subject
to that qualification.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That difficulty can be
corrected afterwards, if it turns out so.
Mr. DRAKE. The only reason why I make
any remarks at all about this matter is that that
commission who were sent there to examine
those cases were a commission of very able and
upright men, and they acted according to their
conscientious conviction of duty to the Gov-
ernment. I do not wish now that the opportu-
nity shall be given to overthrow their deliberate
judgment upon the facts before them without
these facts appearing to the tribunal before
which it is sought to overthrow their action.
It may be that the amendment proposed by the
committee is all right; but I do not think that
probably it is. I think, perhaps there is some
mistake, and that the original resolution as it
came from the House of Representatives should
be allowed to pass. It does not seem to me
that there, is any hardship to the individual
suing in the Court of Claims that that testi-
mony should go there to be used in that court
against his claim.
For these reasons, I object to the amend-
ment proposed by the committee, and I think
that perhaps it was not offered with as much
advice as is desirable under the circumstances.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to th%
Senate. The amendment was ordered to be
engrossed, and the resolution to be read the
third time. The resolution was read the third
time, and passed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill (S. No. 823) to
grant lands to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from the Mississippi river to Yancton,
on the Missouri river, and to amend an act
entitled "An act for a giant of lauds to the
State of Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the
construction of a railroad in said State," ap-
proved May 12, 1864; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 715) to legalize
certain land locations, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 755) to define the limits of the collection
district of the Techfe, in the State of Louis-
iana, and for other purposes, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 776) to amend an act entitled "An act
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Central
Pacific railroad, in California, to Portland,
Oregon," approved July 25, 1866. reported it
with an amendment.
JOHN II. OSLEK.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
1451) for the relief of John II. Osier, of Guern-
sey county, Ohio, have directed me to report
it back with an amendment, and recommend
its passage. It is a bill which allows a lieu-
tenant-about two months' pay, I think, which
he has not been able to get because of the loss
of his proper vouchers. The amendment of
the committee cuts out everything except that,
and it has to go back to the House ; and if there
is no objection I should like to have the Sen-
ate consider it at the present time.
Ry unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the payment to John
H. Osier, late first lieutenant twenty-sixth regi-
ment Ohio volunteer infantry, the pay of a
first lieutenant of infantry from the 9th of De
cember, 1864, to the 27th of March, 1865, to-
gether with three months' pay, and also the
pay of a first lieutenant of infantry, from the
31st of July to the 4th of October, 1865.
The Committee on Claims reported an
amendment to strike out the words "the pay
of a first lieutenant of infantry from the 9th of
December, 1864, to the 27th of March, 1865,
together with three months' pay, and also;"
so that the bill will read :
That there be paid to John H. Osier, late first
lieutenant twenty-sixth regiment Ohio volunteer in-
fantry, thepay of a first lieutenant of infantry from
the 31st of July to the 4th of October, 1865.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
FUNDING BILL.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to present several
amendments that I propose to offer to the bill
(S. No. 793) in relation to the public debt and
the currency, reported by the Finance Com-
mitee. In the main features of the bill I agree,
but I desire to move some few amendments
that I think will tend to perfect the bill and
make it more efficient. I move that the amend-
ments be printed, and at some future time I
shall advocate their adoption.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
to print will be made.
RAILROAD SUBSIDIES.
Mr. DRAKE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad to report to the
Senate the following resolution, and to ask the
present action of the Senate upon it. I will
simply remark that the resolution is presented
by the unanimous direction of the committee:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient that any subsidy
in Government bonds should be authorized by Con-
gress to any railroad enterprise not entitled thereto
under existing laws.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the resolution?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I guess it had better go
over. If it had not the last branch, which
seems to make an exception of one railroad,
should not object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Being ob-
jected to, it goes over under the rule.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 824) relative to the refining of gold and
silver bullion at the Mint of the United States
and branches ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, lea.ve to introduce a bill (S. No.
825) to establish a bridge across the East river,
between the cities of Brooklyn and New York,
in the State of New York, a post road ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JiV ILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. II. No. 291) to drop from the rolls
or the Army officers absent without leave; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
^ Mr. HOWARD asked and obtained leave to
introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 202)
more effectually to insure the faithful com-
pletion of the Union Pacific railroad and its
branches according to law; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
^ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
