1869.
fHI GOifGRUSSrOKAL ■ GLOBE.
1473
me!"!£ns?er, assistant messenger, laborer, or
watchman whose compensation is otherwise stu-ted
ill tlllS £LCi 
The compensation of these different classes
ot officers is all stated in this bill. Bnt for
this provision, which is independent legisla-
tion, and would have been inadmissible here
had it been objected to seasonably, this amend-
ment would not have been necessary. The
purpose of my amendment is to leave these
officers just where the bill otherwise leaves
(hem. just where the law leaves them, and just
where they would be if it was not for this pro-
viso, which really would not now form any
part of this "bill without a two-thirds vote of
the House if the point of order had been made
in time.
Mr. BU1LER, of Massachusetts. Of coarse
the laborers have to be stated, the watchmen
have to be stated, the messengers have to be
slated, in the body of the bill, in accordance
with existing laws. It then occurred to the
Committee on Appropriations, after examina-
tion, that the majority of this House meant
something when through their delegates at
Chicago they pronounced in favor of economy.
They believe that the minority meant some-
thing when they went to New York and talked
about economy and retrenchment, and they
knew the people meant something when they
called for retrenchment. Therefore they in-
troduced this provision that the messenger
employed the whole year should receive $840,
and the assistant messenger $700, for they
have to work but six or eight hours a day.
Mr. PL, L ERb. What would they have with-
out this proviso?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Just what
they are put down for in this bill. We found
that in one Department a messenger received
$1,000 a year, in another Department $900 a
year, and in another Department SI,200 a
year, the compensation being unequal, unjust,
and nnuniform. To bring them ail to a uni-
formity, to bring them upon an economical and
proper scale, to bring them down to something
lise a correspondence with the incomes of
other persons doing similar service in private
life, we have fixed the salary as it stands in the
bill. It is said that the object of the amend-
ment is that the salaries may remain as now
fixed by law. The amendment, if adopted,
would nullify the whole of this proviso, because
all the laborers, all the watchmen, all the
messengers must have an appropriation for
themselves specifically. As I have already said,
some of the messengers in the Treasury De-
partment get $840, others get $000, others
get SI,000: some in the War Department get
§1,000, and some I believe get $1,200. All
of these messengers have about the same duty
to perform. Many of them are on duty only
from nine o'clock" in the morning till four
o'clock in the afternoon.
I agree that the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Peters] is consistent in his course. He started
off with an effort to increase the salary of the
President, and he proposes also to increase the
salary of everybody else. He began at the
top, and he is going through to the bottom.
But let me tell him that every one of these
laborers gets more pay than the average pay of
the clergymen of his State ; every one of them
gets more than the average income of the
farmers of his State; every one of them gets
more than the average earnings of the lawyers
in his State.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PAINE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking oat the last word. I offer
this amendment for the purpose of making an
inquiry of my friend from Massachusetts. As
I understand the proviso, the pay of any mes-
senger in either of the departments of the
Government, legislative, executive, or judicial, ,
who is employed during the wholeyear, is fixed i
at $840 per annum : and that of any assistant I
messenger '• employed as aforestated'' (that is !
during the whole year, I suppose.) is to be $"00
a year. Now, I want to ask the gentleman
whether it is the purpose of the committee to
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. D3.
make a discrimination against those who work
during the whole year and in favor of thos<5
who work during only a part of the year?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
that is not oar intention. Those who are em-
ployed for only a part of the year and are still
obliged to support their families upon their
pay are allowed to stand at a higher scale of
salary ; but they do not get'during the whole
year more, on the average, than we give to
those who work the whole year.
Mr. PAINE; Now, Mr. Chairman^ I turn
to page 2 of this bill, and I find an appropria-
tion for seventeen messengers of the Senate
at $1,440 each. Then, on page 6, I find an
appropriation for eleven messengers of the
House, five at $1,800, six at $1,440, and
"twelve messengers during the session at the
rate of $1,440 per annum." Now, let me ask
the gentleman whether it is the purpose of the
committee to allow these messengers of th'e
Senate and the House, who perform duty dur-
ing only a portion of the year, the sums that
are named in the portions of the bill I have
read, and then cut down to seven or eight hun-
dred dollars, as contemplated in this proviso,
the payof these messengers who are employed
in the various Departments of the Government
during the whole year?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
answer the question at once. All this matter
underwent the revision of the committee. In
the first place all these messengers as they
are called, employed in the two Houses of Con-
gress, are assistant doorkeepers who at times
during the session have to work all night.
There has to be care about these Halls late
and early. Some of these messengers are
employed here only a portion of the year and
some the whole year. If they are engaged only
a portion of the year they are at the expense
of bringing their families here or of supporting
them elsewhere. Hence it was thought best
to put in this distinction. But for men em-
ployed here regularly all the year as watchmen
or laborers or messengers we thought they
ought to be placed, on a uniform footing as to
salary, which we think we have placed at a
proper andjust standard.
Mr. PAINTE, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. Peters's amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows :
For stationery, blank-books, furniture, fixtures,
and repairs. 13,500.
Mr. ELA. I move to strike out the words
"blank-books." By the law as it now stands
blank-books are required to be procured at the
Governtn ent Printing Office.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
true; but we require the State Department to
pay the Public Printer for all the blank-books
they get.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
For miscellajieous items, $2,500.
Mr. JIcKEE. I move to strike out that
appropriation for the purpose of inquiring
what this appropriation covers.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As I un-
derstand it this appropriation covers such ex-
penses as washing, taking care of rooms by
those not em ployed as laborers, repairs, chang-
ing furniture, and various other small matters.
Air. JleKEE withdrew his amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to go back to line
two hundred and ninety-five to move an amend-
ment.
Mr. £ELSEY. I object. j
The Clerk read as follows: j
For the general purposes of thcbuildingoecupied !
by the State Department: !
For c om pens nti on of tour watchmen and two labor- I
ers of the taildins, $3,600. ;
Mr. PETERS. I move to strike out "$3,600" |
and insert fa lieu thereof l'$4,3'20." I ask !
the gentleman from Massachusetts whetherthat
does not make the appropriation conform to 1
existitie law? I
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not |
so tinderstaad. i
^ Mr. PETERS. It will make the appropria-
tion conform to the action had already in this
Committee of the Whole. In a prece'uin" par-
agraph we have fixed the pay of laborers at
$720 a year, and as six are here provided for
the appropriation ought to be increased from
$3,600 to $4,320.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 43. noes 81; no quorum voting,
_ Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I Will
give it up, and we can have a vote in the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to that. I insist that
the amendment shall be regularly agreed to
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellersand
appointed Mr. Peters, and Mr. Buti.er of
Massachusetts.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 58, noes 58.
The Chair voted in the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For contingent expenses of said building, namoly,
for rent, fuel, lights, repairs, and miscellaneous ex-
penses, $30,000.
Mr. FARNSWQRTH. I mdve to strike
that out in order to inquire what is the rent
paid for that building? I introduced a resolu-
tion asking for a statement of the amount paid
by the various Departments for rent and I have
not yet had an answer. What is the rent paid
here?
Mr. BLAINE. It is $15,000 a year.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
For First Comptroller of the Treasury, $3,500; for
chief clerk, $2,000; four clerks of class four. 87,200 ;
four cterks of elass three, $6,400; five clerks of class
two, 87,000; two clerks of class one. $2,400; onemes-
sengcr, $810; and two laborers, 81,200; in all,$30,540,
Mr. CULLOM. I move to make the pay
of the First, Comptroller $3,000 ; the same as
that paid the Second Comptroller, Commis-
sioner of Customs, First Auditor, and so on.
They all get $3,000 a year, and I do not see
why this man should get $500 more than any
of the others. I do not understand that he
does any more work than the others.
Mr. BU fLER, of Massachusetts. This salary
is fixed by law at $3,500, as the others are at
§3,000.
Mr. CULLOM. I insist on my amendment,
and I do not see why this officer should get
$500 more than the others I have named.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I make
the point of order that this changes existing
law. You may raise salaries, but you cannot
reduce them from what the law fixes.
The CHAIRMAN. It comes too late, as
the amendment has been entertained and dis-
cussed. The amendment is before the com-
mittee.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Chairman, this salary was
fixed in gold when the office was first created.
It never has been raised since, while the sala-
ries of very many officers of the Government
have been raised, and, as has been stated on
this floor, this particular salary is very much less
than it ought to be. If you turn to the various
salaries you will find that that of the Treasurer
of the United States is $6,500, that of the
Comptroller of the Currency is $5,000, and that
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is
$6,000. Now here is an officer whose duty it
is to supervise the accounts of all the officers
of the Government, who is responsible to no
man, not even to the President of the United
States, or the Secretary of the Treasury, or
even to the people of the United States, under
his official oath, and there is not an office under
the Government which requires a higher degree
of integrity or of capacity in an accounting offi-
cer than this. Instead of striking it down $500
his salary, in my opinion, ought to be greatly
increased, to make it stand upon a level with
the salaries of the other officers of the Govern-
ment. Gentlemen say, " Then lift up the sala-
ries of the Second Treasurer, and Commis-
sioner, and First Auditor," &c. I havenothing
to say about that, ldo not know hut the salaries
of these gentlemen ought to be raised, but I do
know that the attention of this House has been
