622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
that both the stock and bonds of the company
are reached. Another mode of taxation is to
tax the railway, the machine-shops, the depots,
and water-tanks in every county. That is the
manner of taxation in Indiana, Still another
plan of taxation, and that which is clearly the
most .just, is to tax the company according to
its ability to pay, or in other words to tax its
business. This is not a tax on passengers, but
on the company in respect to its passengers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. A tax on income in
reality.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, substan-
tially a tax on income. By either of these
modes of taxation the tax is paid by those
who use the road. The consumer, in this as
in all other cages, pays the tax. How else can
it be paid? We cannot find the tribute money
in the fish's mouth. It must be earned, and
those who use the road must pay it, and one
mode of taxation is no more a tax ott pas-
sengers than the other.
The State of New Jersey while railroads
were in their infancy, not knowing what capi-
tal would be required, the profits being very
uncertain, instead of imposing a tax (as ex-
perience has enabledthem subsequently to do)
upon the stock, imposed a tax on the company
in respect to their business. The State pro-
vided that the treasurer should once in three
months make a return to the State of the num-
ber of passengers and of tons of freight which
had been transported. The tax was then ap-
portioned to the business, being ten cents for
each passenger, fifteen cents for each ton of
bulky freight, and ten cents for each ton of
merchandise. This was found too heavy a
tax, and was so altered as only to apply to
passengers crossing the State, such as those
coming from Philadelphia or Trenton. The
amount of fare imposed upon way passengers
being greater than that 011 through passengers
they really contribute more than their pro-
portion of the expense of taxation. As to
the railroad from New Brunswick to New
York, their tax was laid at eight cents a passen-
ger. This was afterwards changed to eight per
cent, on the gross receipts from through pas-
sengers. The way-passenger business having
proven equal to the through business the tax
on the through passengers business is about four
per cent., say fourteen cents for each passenger
from New York to Philadelphia. From looking
at the statutes of New Jersey it seems that as
to tho railroad from South Araboy to Camden,
in 1832 the Stale commuted this mode of tax-
ing in respect to the number of passengers
as $30,000 a year; but the plan as originally
adopted remains in force as to the Trenton
route.
The Senator from Indianainsiststhatweadd
the tax to the faro. There he is in error. It is
more impracticable to add the tax to the fare
in this case than where the tax is levied on the
stock of the company. The charter limits the
maximum of fare, which is not usual. The rate
of fare between New York and Philadelphia
for the first-class rapidly-moving cars is three
dollars, while there are comfortable trains at
$2 25 and $1 50. The fare cannot be made
more. tV hy, sir, the railroad company isbound
to pay New Jersey the tax if they should carry
their passengers for nothing ; and yet this bill
makes it a crime, even under such .circum-
stances, for the company to pay the State that
which they have agreed to pay.
Observe, too, the law provides that this tax
is in lieu of all other taxation. No city, county,
township, or other State tax can be imposed.
The tax is less than is usual in other States.
It is a fact that when our railroads are making
arrangements with the railroads of Pennsyl-
vania for through passengers, it is claimed
that the New Jersey roads shall take less than
their proper proportion of the fare, because
the tax expenses of our roads are less. I think
I may safely say that the tax does not exceed
one and a half per cent, on its capital. I
observe by the recent mess-age of ourGovernor
that the tax received fiom tho two railroads
from New York to Philadelphia and from the
canal last year was $267,000. In the State of
Indiana the tax is two and a half per cent, on
the capital, one-per cent, more than in New
Jersey, and I would ask him if the passengers
who pass through that State do not pay that
tax ; and if they do pay it, whether it is not a
tax upon public travel ? Is the tax unconsti-
tutional when one and a half percent, in New
Jersey and constitutional when two and a half
in Indiana? Is it unconstitutional for a State
to exempt a railroad company from all county,
city, and township taxes, and to impose a tax
on business even if the public travel be made
cheaper by reason of such arrangement? Is
there anything in this plan of' taxation that is
unlawful? I trust that the Congress of the
United States is not in the habit of delioerately
violating the Constitution ; and yet the mode
of taxation in New Jersey is exactly that which
Congress- has adopted for imposing taxes. I
read from the revenue law in reference to rail-
roads now in force:
"That every" * * * * "corporation
owning or possessing or having the oare or manage-
ment of any railroad, canal, steamboat, ship, barge,
&c.," * s': * " except, &c., shall bo
subject to and pay atax of two and one half percent.,,
of the gross receipts from passengers and mails of
such railroad."
This action of Congress will at least make
the crime New Jersey is guilty of respectable.
We have been referred to the "passenger
case" found in 7 Howard. That was a tax of
$1 50 imposed by the State of New York on
every person who landed in New York from a
foreign port. It was clearly a tax on passen-
gers. It could not be anything else. There
was nothing else to tax. New York had no
right to tax the free highway of the ocean;
but is that true of those who travel upon our
railroads? Are not those who use the road
bound to contribute toward the expense item
of taxation? There is no similarity whatever
between the case upon which the honorable
Senator relies and that to which he seeks to
apply it. The former was a pure capitation tax.
The caseof Crandallvs. The Stateof Nevada
is equally inapplicable. That was not a tax
upon any company and did not pretend to be.
It was a general law that every person who left
the State of Nevada hy railroad, coach, stage, or
other vehicle should pay a dollar to the State. It
does not assume to be a tax on anybody except-
ing on the passengers, and the very law calls
it " a capitation tax." It is not in lieu of other
taxation, and the tax was added to the fare,
was to be collected by officers and paid over
to the sheriff. The act is in these words :
" There shall be levied and collected a capitation
tax of one dollar on every person leaving tlic State
by any railroad, stage-coach, or other vehicle en-
gaged or employed in the business of transporting
passengers lor hire."
The act itself sustains me in all I have said.
The next position of law that my friend
comes to is the fourteenth amendment; and I
am glad that he has called attention to it, for
I believe that there is to be found a mine of
gold not yet explored. And, turning away
from the case in hand for a minute, let me say
that the second section of the amendment exe-
cutes itself, the penalty for withholding the
ballot being the loss of representation. But
tho first section docs not execute itself, and it
is competent for Congress by legislation to
enfor<?e it. The amendment declares that no
citizen of the United States shall be abridged
of his privileges or immunities; and in pass-
ing let me say that if it is an abridgment of the
rights of citizenship to withhold from him full
representation, and hold that he shall be rep-
resented in Congress or elsewhere only by a
privileged class, if it is an abridgment of rights
to hold that he shall be forever ineligible to
office on account of his complexion, then there
is power under that amendment for Congress
by enactment to enforce it. I make these re-
marks outside of the case in passing, because
this amendment is now a subject of interest on
account of the Georgia difficulties.
As to the case in hand the amendment is
applicable and pertinent, if it is one of tho im-
munities of an American citizen to travel on
railroads which pay no taxes. But it has noth-
ing to do with the case if that is not one of the
immunities of an American citizen. If the
railroad must pay the tax the citizen must con-
tribute to the expense item of taxation. It
would be quite as rational to hold that it was
the right of the citizen to travel without paying
fare as to travel free of incidental taxation.
But, Mr. President, the argument of my friend
is felo de se. He insists that Congress must
pass a statute making it a crime for an agent
to pay New Jersey the tax agreed to be paid,
because it is a tax on passengers, and sustains
the argument by showing that the judiciary have
set aside as null statutes which impose such a
tax. Well then, I pray, what tho necessity of
a statute ? It is a subject that belongs to the
judiciary instead of to the legislative depart-
ment, and when presented to the judiciary they
can calmly discriminate between that class of
cases which are clearly a taxation on passen-
gers and that class which by a careful examina-
tion are as clearly only a taxation on business.
Mr. MORTON. I shall detain the Senate
but a few minutes, and I prefer replying to the
i Senator from New Jersey now rather than wait-
Trig for some future time.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let it be understood
that the regular order is laid over informally.
["Certainly."]
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the position
taken by the Senator from New Jersey in ref-
erence to my argument is, that this is not a tax
upon passengers, but that it is a tax upon busi-
ness, and that the State of New Jersey has a
right to tax the business of the railroads within
its limits in lieu of all other taxes. The New
Jersey law provides that the railroad company
to which I referred shall pay to the State ten
cents for each passenger carried across the
State, and fifteen cents for every ton of freight.
Now, Mr. President, it comes right back to
this question, is a tax levied on a railroad
company in this way in the nature of a tax
upon the passenger ? I insist, with all respect
to my honorable friend from New Jersey, that
that question is settled directly. It is true that
the State of New Jersey does not say that this
is a tax upon the passenger, but it says that
the company shall pay so much for each pas-
senger carried. What was the statute of New
York upon which the decision was made that
I quoted yesterday ? It provided for collecting
1' from the master of every vessel from a foreign
port for himself and each cabin passenger
$1 50; fijr each steerage passenger, mate,
sailor, or mariner, one dollar." And second,
"from the master of each coasting vesssel for
each person on board, twenty-five cents ; but
no coasting vessel from the States of New
Jersey, Connecticut, and Rhode Island shall
pay for more than one voyage in each month."
The statute of New York did not say it was
a tax upon the passenger, but it said that the
captain of the ship should pay so much for each
passenger carried; and the statute of New
Jersey says that the railroad company shall
pay so much for each passenger carried. In
the one case it is the captain, and in the
other case it is the railroad company that
has to pay. Can we make any distinction in
principle? It is utterly impossible ; and yet
the Supreme Court said most directly and re-
peatedly that the tax put in this form was a
tax upon passengers. Sir, it is not an open
question. Let me read a brief extract from
the opinion of Judge McLean in the passenger
cases. Speaking of this law of New York, he
said:
"Itimposes a tax orduty on the passengers, officer.--,
and sailors, holding the master responsible for the
amount at the immediate termination of the voyage,
and necessarily before the passengers have set their
feet on land. The tax on each passenger, in the dis-
cretion of the Legislature, might have been five dol-
lars or ten dollars."
Now, suppose this tax had been ten dollars
for each passenger carried, just as the Supreme
Court-puts the case here, instead of being ten
