uu
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2&,
repeatedly called to the subject of the pay of
the First Comptroller, as he is called in this
bill, and it has been repeatedly discussed.
I consider it as altogether inadequate to the
service he performs, and instead of reducing
it, if I could have my way, although I am as
much inclined to economy and retrenchment
as the gentleman who has charge of the bill or
my friend from Illinois, I would raise rather
than diminish this salary.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For Commissioner of Customs, $3,000: for eMef
elerk, $2,000; two clerks of class four, $3,600; fire
clerks of class three, $8,000; seven clerks of class two,
99,800; four clerks of elass one. $4,800 r one messenger,
$840; and one laborer, $600; in all, $32,640.
Mi. SPALDING. The Committee on Ap-
propriations have intended to- carry out a por-
tion of their retrenchment system- in this bwreau
of the Commissioner of Customs, and in doing
so we have cut down the force of this bureau
as follows; one clerk of the third class, two
clerks of the second class, and three clerks of
the first class, all of which are provided for by
law. All thftse several clerks that are left out
of the appropriation bill are provided for by
law. The Commissioner of Customs has sent
to me a roll of papers signed by each one of
the clerks in his bureau, describing minutely
what duties each one has to perform.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentle mart
propose an amendment ?
Mr. SPALDING. I have several amend-
ments ; but I wish to premise what I have to
offer by these remarks.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman yield a moment while I make cer-
tain amendments on behalf of the committee ?
I was about doing it when he rose.
Mr. SPALDING. If the gentleman please,
I know what he proposes, because in the com-
mittee-room I proposed to restore three clerks
who are authorized by law in the Bureau of
Customs, buktbegemleman who has just taken
his seat offered to meet me half way and re-
store two of the clerks, I think. I then said I
■should make the application ia the Committee
of the Whole, and Anow offer the first amend-
ment, to strike out the word " five " and insert
''six;" so that it will read "six clerks of
class three." I shall also move to make an
increase in other classes ; but I will first take
the sense of the committee on this amendment.
I give to the committee the assurance of the
Commissioner of Customs that he cannot run
his office without this force. Now, if the com-
mittee see fit to voto it down lam content j
hut I make known to the committee what has
been communicated to me.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As a mat-
ter of order, before the paragraph is amended,
is it not in order for me to offer the amend-
ments proposed by the committee ? Do they
not take precedence?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio has proposed an amendment and has
been recognized by the Chair. It is usual to
allow the amendments of the committee to be
offered first by courtesy.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to offer au amendment
petfecting the paragraph?
Mr. SPxi-LDING. Certainly; I will with-
draw my amendment for the present.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ara in-
structed by the Committee on Appropriations,
al ter a full hearing of this matter, to move to
amend the paragraph beginning in line three
hundred and forty-nine by striking out "seven"
in line three hundred and fifty-two and insert-
ing "eight," and by striking out " $9,800" and
inserting "$11,200;" also in line three hun-
dred and fifty-three, by striking out "four" and
inserting " five," and by striking out "$4,800"
and inserting "$6,000," and by striking out
"$32,640" and inserting "$35,240;" so that
it will read:
For Commissioner of Customs, $3,000; for ohief
clerk, $2,000; two clerks of class four, S3,600; five
clerks of class three, $8,000: eight clerks of class two,
$11,200; five clerks of class one, $6,000; one messen-
ger, §840; and one laborer, $600; m all $35,240.
This whole matter, as the gentleman from
Ohio has said* was reexamined in the commit-
tee on his motion after the Commissioner of
Customs had stated his wants. It was care-
fully considered by the committee, and we came
to the conclusion, upon the whole evidence, that
he could run his office with these clerks; and
while we have very great respect for him, yet
we know that there are hundreds, yes, thou-
sands, of extra clerks in this city, and there has
not appeared before our committee a single man
who told us that he could do with a single less
clerk, and therefore we have used our discre-
tion, as it is our constitutional right and duty to
do. We give him two more clerks, and we think
that is ample for the purpose.
Mr. SPALDING. I beg leave to say,in oppo-
sition to the amendment,that although I esteem
it a high honor to serve on the Committee of
Appropriations, for I am there connected with
very distinguished men, patriots all of them,
economists all of them, I must say that we
have cut down appropriations arbitrarily, with-
out any evidence whatever in many cases ; and
I assert it boldly in this case without a scintilla
of evidence to show us that this bureau can be
run with this limited force we have arbitrarily
cut down the force in the face and eyes of the
law. And now, against the evidence which
shows that they ought to be employed, the Com-
mittee on Appropriations refuse to restore
them, and if there is any remedy it is with this
Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING. I move further to amend
the paragraph by striking out in line three hun-
dred and fifty-one the word "five" and insert-
ing " six," so as to provide for six clerks of
class three. That is the number allowed by law.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
instructed by the Committee on Appropria-
tions to move to amend the paragraph com-
mencing in line three hundred and sixty-nine
by striking out in line three hundred and sixty-
nine the words "thirty-nine" and inserting
"fifty-four;" in line three hundred and sev-
enty, by striking out" sixty-two'' and inserting
"eighty-six in line three hundred and sev-
enty-one, by striking out "fifty-eight" and in-
serting "one hundred and nine," and by strik-
ing out "$81,200" and inserting "$152,600:"
also in line three hundred and seventy-two, by
striking out "thirty" and inserting "thirty-
one," and striking out "six" and inserting
"seven and also in line three hundred and
seventy-six, by striking out "$203,940" and
inserting " $300,540 ;" so that it will read :
For Second Auditor of the Treasury, $3,000; chicf
clerk, $2,000;' six clerks of class four, $10,800; fifty-
four clorks of class three, $86,400; one hundred and
nine clerks of class two, $152,600; thirty-ono clerks
of class one, $7,000; one messenger, $840; five assist-
ant messengers, £3,500; and seven laborers, $4,200,
§300,540,
The necessity of this amendment was brought
to the notice of the committee after the bill
was reported.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Appropriations
to move to amend the paragraph beginning in
line three hundred and ninety-one by striking
out in line three hundred and ninety-three the
word " nine" and inserting " fourteen," and by
striking out "fourteen" and inserting twenty-
two;" also in line three hundred and ninety-
four, by striking out "seven" and inserting
"twelve," and by striking out " $9,800" and
inserting "$16,800;" and also in line three
hundred and ninety-nine, by striking out "fifty-
two" and inserting " sixty-seven so that it
will read:
For the Fourth Auditor, $3,000; chief clerk, $2,000;
five clerks of class four, $9,000; fourteen clerks of
class three, $22.400; twelve clerks of class two, $16,800;
ten clerks of class one, §12,000; one messenger, $840;
one assistant messenger, $700; and one laborer, $600,
employed in Ins office, $67,340.
That is the appropriation for next year against
$110,960 for thi§ year.
Mr. SPALDING. I rooye to amend the
amendment so that this provision will provide
for eighteen clerks of the third class and six-
teen clerks of the second class, instead of four-
teen clerks of the third class and fourteen clerks
of the second class, as proposed by the gentle*
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] I send
to the Clerk's desk and ask him to read a com-
munication from the Fourth Auditor of the
Treasury on this subject.
The Clerk read as follows 5
mworn'm' owocooimk
„ r. — - — ^ p g, g; p
s
*4 m
S3'
CU a EF* i
£ *
j-* m.o <f o ^ m m
p.
B ■
I • S f
mi—<>—"Ooicocni—
^ a. 8 3 •§ ? S S* &
ts 09
B
O ^ O
o o <=>
O 00 O O O
Fourth Auditor's Okfiok,
January 16, 1869.
Dear Sir: The above table explains itself. I have
put down the number of clerks at the actual necessi-
ties of the office for currcnt business. I make a sav-
ing over4the present cost of the office of $28,280.
Besides, it must be remembered that I have been
reducing my force gradually for some time and have
now twelve less than the law allows, and have re-
sisted all attempts—which have been many—to fill
vacancies. I can go into details at any timetoprovo
that I require, beyond all question, fifty cleiks. I
think the reduction should be made from the list of
first-class clerks, and that the number of the other
classes should remain as they now are, unless you
should increase the second class, and make that six-
teen and the first class ten. I have put the messenger
$1,000, the assistant messenger $840, and the laborers
$720; and think that as low as they should be. If
there are any explanations or details wanted in addi-
tion, please call on me or send for me or write to me.
Very truly and respectfu.ly yours.
STEPHEN J. W. TABER,
t i t ,, Auditor.
Judge Sp-vldiis,g.
Mr. SCOFIELD. After the Committee on
Appropriations received the communication
just read, or one corresponding to it, they did
send for this Auditor, and consulted with him
fully upon this'question. And we supposed
from his conversation that the committee satis-
fied him entirely when they agreed to propose
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] not quite as
much as the Auditor said he wanted, but very
nearly the amount. Now, the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] proposes to enlarge the
amount to what it was before, or very nearly so.
Mr. SPALDING. I would like to inquire
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
field] when it was that the Fourth Auditor of
the Treasury was before the Committee 011 Ap-
propriations?
Mr. SCOFIBLD. Some time when I was
there.
