1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1475
Mr. SPALDING. He never lias been there
to my knowledge an hour, never a quarter
of an hour, never a minute.
Mr. BUTLLIt, of Massachusetts. That is
riot a contradiction.
Mr. SPALDING. That is a contradic-
tion. And I say to the gentleman that his
remark is poor wit, as he said some time ago.
I say the Fourth Auditor was not present before
the committee.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Probably the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] was absent.
Mr. SPALDING. Not at alL
Mr. SGOPIJSLD. I believe Mr. Taber is
the Fourth Auditor.
Mr. SPALDING. Yes.
Mr. SCOEIELD. I recollect that he was
there, and that we had this same subject under
consideration, and we determined upon the
amendment which has been offered by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts.
I have observed, in the consultations before
the committee, that while many of these offi-
cers at first insist upon a certain number of
clerks in their Departments, when we put it at
too low a figure, perhaps, they come to us and
say that they can get along very well with so
many clerks, being a large reduction on their
original claim. Now, I think the Committee
on Appropriations can judge tolerably well of
this matter, and we put it at a figure which we
thought, after consulting with the officers them-
selves, was really needed.
Mr. SPALDING. I do not wish to enlarge
this appropriation if the Auditor himself is
satisfied with it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not say he was alto-
gether satisfied.
Mr. SPALDING. As the gentleman says
he was before the committee and agreed to this
I will withdraw my amendment.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. B'jtlek, of Massachusetts; and
it was agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The Cleik read as follows :
Tor the Fifth Auditor, $3,000; chief clerk, $2,000:
two clerks of class four, $3,600; four clerks of class
three, $6,400; seven clerks of class two, $9,800: fifteen
clerks of class one, $18,000; sis copyists, S5.400 ; one
messenger, §840; and one laborer, $600—§49,640.
For compensation of the Auditor of the Treasury
for the Post Office Department, 63,000; chief clerk,
$2,000; nine clcrks of class four, §16,200; additional
to one clerk of class four as disbursing clerk, $200;
forty clerks of class three, $64,000; sixty-four clerks
ofclass two, $89,600; thirty-seven clerks of class one,
S 14,400; one messenger, $840; one assistant messen-
ger, $700; and eleven laborers, 86,600—$'227,540.
For compensation of the Treasurer of the United
States, $6,500; Assistant Treasurer, $2,800; cashier,
$2,800; assistant cashier, $2,500 ; five chiefs of divis-
ion. at $2,200 each; two principal bookkeepers,
V2.200 each; two tellers,S2,200 each: one chiefcierk,
b2,000; two assistant tellers, $2,000 each; fifteen
clerks of class four, $27,000; fifteen clerks of class
three. $24,000; eleven clerks of class two, $15,400;
nine clerks of class one, $10,800 ; sixty female clerks,
$54,000; fifteen messengers. $12,600; five male and
fefven female laborers, $4,680—$188,180.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by in-
serting after what has just been read by the
Clerk the following ;
The compensation of the female clerks authorized
by this section shall be the same as elerlts of class
lour, and where employed on work performed by the
clerks of the higher classes they shall receive like
compensation with the other clerks of such classes.
Mr. KELSEY. I raise the point of order
that this amendment is independent legisla-
tion, and not in order on an appropriation bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. The amendment proposes
to increase the salary of certain clerks, and is
in order under repeated rulings of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, I believe I
have never voted for the increase of any salary
'since 1 have been upon this floor. On the
contrary I have generally deemed it. my duty
to vote lor a decrease of the compensation of
persons employed by this Government.
Indeed, 1 know of but very few salaries paid
by the Government that ought not to be some-
what reduced. I should be very willing to vote
for the reduction of almost every salary now
paid to persons employed in the civil service
of the Government. I believe there will be
no severe system of economy adopted by this
Government until the demand for economy is
strong enough to compel a general redaction
of the salaries of employes in all of its Depart-
ments. But, sir, I am not willing to see" this
body so far forget its manhood as to make sex
a ground of discrimination in fixing the com-
pensation of different employes of the Govern-
ment. A woman—I like this old Saxon word—
if she performs as clerk the same service for
the Government as a man ; if she performs the
same labor, makes the records and same calcu-
lations, does the same copying, works the same
number of hours, she is in justice entitled to
the same compensation as the Government
allows a male clerk for similar service.
I do not propose to discuss the question
whether it was the part of wisdom to employ
female clerks in the various Departments. That
is not the question. They are and have been
employed intheDepartmentsingreatnumbers;
they will be so employed in the future. This
bill contemplates their employment. The
question is whether they shall receive from the
Government for their labor the same compen-
sation that you pay men for exactly the same
services. That is the question, and the only
question. The highest salary you pay the
female clerks is $900 per year, and the lowest
salary you pay to male clerks is $1,200 per
year. I propose to fix the compensation of
these female clerks at that now paid by the
Government to male clerks of the lowest class.
The effect of my proposition is that the female
clerks shall receive instead of $900 per annum
$1,'200, aud the same compensation as other
clerks when doing the work of clerks in the
higher classes. If any of these women perform
the duties of second, third, and fourth class
clerks let them receive the same compensation
as male clerks of those classes. And why not,
sir ? If she does the same work is she not en-
titled to the same pay ? I have seldom known
a measure to be received with more favor by
the whole country as evidence of solid and
substantial progress in the soeial science of
the age than the measure brought forward a
few weeks ago by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Jones,] and so promptly adopted
by this House. That proposition embodied a
principle, the denial of which should make any
man blush, that women were just as much en-
titled as men to the just value of their labor.
Where a woman is employed by the Govern-
ment and performs the same amount and kind
of labor for the Government as a man, we for-
get our manhood if we say that she shall not
receive the same compensation.
The proposition is too clear for argument.
It will not do to say " we can employ women
at less wages." We can employ men at less
wages. The widow of one of your dead sol-
diers employed as a clerk in one of your De-
partments and supporting by her industry her
little family of orphan children certainly may
demand justice atyour hands if nothing more.
Can you imagine, sir, why she should receive
less wages than the young gentleman in the
same Department when she performs just as
much and just the kind of work that he per-
forms? Can gentlemen call to mind without
a blush that she now receives $900, and he for
exactly the same services, $1,200? I would
rather discriminate in> her favor than against
her. We cannotafford to be unjust to women.
The most hopeful development of the age is
the enlargement of the theater of women's
employments. Let us give her a fair chance
to compete with ns in the pursuits to which
she is adapted. Reward her industry as we
reward our own industry; open up to her the
fields of labor where as a woman she can re-
ceive the just reward of her industry, and we
increase the happiness and promote the virtue
of the whole people. We forget our manhood
when in fixing the value of her labor we dis-
criminate against her. If we employ women
in services to which she is adapted, and cer-
tainly the duties of a clerk are appropriate to
her sphere, let us not dishonor the nation by
paying her less wages simply because she is a
woman.
On agreeing to the amendment of Mtr. Hoi-
man, there were—ayes 61, noes 29; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Scofield
and Mr. Holman were appointed.
The committee divided; aad the tellers
reported—ayes 79, noes 36.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows;
For Comptroller of the Currency, $5,000; for deputy
comptrol ler, $2,600; seven clerks of class four, 812,600;
twelve clerks of class three, $19,200; seven clerks of
class two, $9,800; seven clerks of elass one, $8,400;
twenty-one female clerks, $18,900; four messengers.
§>3,360; two laborers, $1,200; and one- sight watch-
man, $600—in all, $81,560.
Mr. AXTELL. I move to amend the para
graph just read by striking oat in line four
hundred and seventy-six "$18,000" and in-
serting in lieu thereof" $24,000;" soasto make
the clause in reference to female clerks read
"twenty-one female clerks, $24,900."
Mr. Chairman, I think that as by so large
a vote it has been declared to be th'e sense of
the committee that the pay of the female clerks
shall be at least equal to that of the lowest
class of male clerks, that is, $1,200 per an-
num, or $100 per month, we should, in order
to be consistent, make all the appropriations
for female clerks on that basis.
I am very heartily in favor of this measure
of justice which proposes that female clerks
performing the same labor as male clerks shall
receive the same pay. When we reflect that
the females applying for these situations are
frequently. obliged to support indolent hus-
bands, to pay rent, to provide for growing
families, we must understand that $900 a year
is not a sufficient support for the necessities of
the widow with her dependent family or of the
woman who has upon her hands some worth-
less husband for whom she has to provide. I
think that wherever in this bill we have au
appropriation for female clerks in any of the
Departments we ought to carry out the prin-
ciple for which the committee has voted, and
allow the salary paid to male clerks of the first
class, $1,200, which is as little as any person
who has to maintain a family in Washington
can get along with.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, it is sometimes unfortunate in those who
have to argue in favor of propriety of conduct.
Here we have a series of female clerks in the
Departments who are paid more than the
schoolmistresses in the country by one half.
The large salaries given here to female clerks
have created the greatest competition for these
places, so that there is not a member of Con-
gress who is not pressed in the day, and
perhaps at other times, [laughter,] to secure
appointments to these places which are re-
garded as so desirable. Now, sir, we are
demoralizing the whole country on the subject
of labor. We are inviting women here as if
they were to draw a prize in the lottery in
getting more pay than in any other part of the
country. 'Think of the argument that is
pressed upon us by the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, that we are to pay a woman $1,200 a
year because she has a worthless husband. Is
that the ground upon which we are to admin-
ister this Government? I believe that a woman
can support herself and those dependent upon
her at $900 a year, and there is no reason why
it should be raised. No lady in the Depart-
ments should desire it herself; for, sir, the
moment you raise the salary you will create
competition to press them out and replace
them by others. All I cau say is that the
gentlemen who are in favor of retaining these
female clerks make a great mistake in asking
for this great increase of salary. Pressure
will come from your district and mine, and our
constituents finding these emoluments are to
be secured here will urge forward for these
places, and those in will be turned out to make
room for them. If we increase these salaries
they will become the prize of political ambi-
tion ; aud those interested in keeping in thosa
