1476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 23,
who are now clerks, male and, female, will
do well to keep the salaries where they are.
Let me tell yotj this is not a small amount.
We have a large number of female clerks, and
this will increase very largely the bordens
• upon the Treasury. ■ Will you go home and
tell your sisters and (laughters that while at
their homes they cannot get more than $-500
or $600 we pay fettmleelerksherefrom $1,200
to $1,400? I have no more- care for this than
any other member. I applaud the feeling of
gallantry, but do hot let us do what our cooler
reason would not justify.
Mr. AXTELL. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. 1 renew it. Mr.
Chairman, I am glad that the gentleman from
Indiana moved the amendment he did some
time ago; and I wish to say in reply to the
gentleman from Massachusetts that this is no
question of gallantry at all. It is a question
of manifest justice; it is paying to persons who
perform the same labor the game compensa-
tion ; and it is so manifestly just and right and
proper that I am astonished any man upon
this floor who has a spark of manhood in him
would not support it. I confess my face tin-
gles with shame as a man and a legislator to
see legislators sit here year after year fixing
tlie salary of women with children to support
and, perhaps, whose husbands died in the war,
at $900, when they perform the same service
for which we pay male clerks $1,200 and
$1,400.
The argument that female clerks get more
than the schoolmistresses in the country ap-
plies with equal force to the male clerks, ior
we pay male clerks more than we pay school-
masters out in the country. Either cut down
the salaries of the male clerks to what we pay
to the female clerks or else raise the salaries
of the latter to what we pay the former for the
same service.
In the dpad-letter office of the Post Office
Department duties are performed by ladies
that were formerly performed by men, and
since they have been employed they have act-
ually done double the labor of the men and
have received only seventy-five dollars per
month, while we paid the men $100. They
do it uncomplainingly. We who alone have
the right to govern pay a beardless boy, with
just the semblance of a moustache on his upper
lip, and with nobody to keep but a pointer
dog and a small cane, $1,200 and $1,400 a
year, while we pay a poor widow, who lost
her husband in the war and has ehildreu to
support, $900 a year, when she performs more
and better service. I am ashamed of any gen-
tleman on this floor who does not see the man-
ifest justice of this thing and support it.
Mr. SCOFJELD. The gentleman, then,
ought to be ashamed of himself; because if he
has said all ho is able to say or see on this
question he has not touched the point of diffi-
culty. The Government ought to pay always
for the service which they require whatever
that service will bring iu the market; and if
the labor which is offered to them is cheap m
the market the Government ought not to pay
very much above the market price. Now, why
does female labor command a less price in the
market than male labor ? Because you exclude
females from nearly all branches of industry
by popular sentiment—a wiong sentiment.
Then, alter being driven from all competition
wuh men for wages, some man who does not
see the difficulty, or at least does not explain
it or point it out, comes in and scolds at some-
body else because it is proposed to continuoto
pay the market price for this kind of labor.
Open allbranches of industry to female compe-
tition. Let them manage your stores, let them
be cierks, let them run any department of
Government.which they can, or at least have
a chance to compete for it like men, and then
their wages will be raised. But it is because
we will allow them to do nothing but sew and
teach school and occasionally fill some infe-
rior branch of clerkship tiat they are unable
to command higher wages.
Now, I say the Government ought to pay for
what services they get without regard to the
sex of the employ^.. They ought to pay just
exactly what the service will command in the
market. And if it is true as the gentleman
from Illinois says—and I rather think it is—
that females can perform a large portion of
this service as well as males, let us employ
them. But let us give thera what we can get
their labor for; let us turn out the men to
whom-we pay such high prices and substitute
this cheaper labor of women. When that prop-
osition is made, if gentlemen on this floort
refuse to sanction it, it will do very well for the
gentleman from Illinois to get up here and say
he is ashamed of them.'
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. N1BLACK. I renew it. I am not here,
Mr. Chairman, to defend the policy of employ-
ing female clerks to a very great extent in the
Departments. It is rather a new feature in our
Government, this employment of females to the
extent they are now employed. But we have
adopted the policy, and we have a large num-
ber of them in the Treasury and in some of the
other Departments. We are availing ourselves
of their labor, and very recently quite a lai'ge
number of female clerks have been transferred
from the Register's office in the Treasury De-
partment and assigned to desks formerly occu-
pied by male clerks, and I am told the arrange-
ment has so far proved a very satisfactory one.
In many instances the female clerks have been
a great improvement upon the males. I just
this eveniujtheardof a case where a lady receiv-
ing only $900 was transferred to the desk of a
clerk receiving $1,400, and he was transferred
to hers. The result is, as I am told, that she
is doing the work much belter than the male
clerk did it, and yet she only gets $900, while
he is assigned to the place she occupied and
gets $1,400 for doing the work she formerly
did, and does not do it as well.
Now, sir, this is thegrossestkind of injustice,
for the reason assigned by the gentleman from
Illinois. It is we that prescribe the rules; it
is we that make these laws, and as honorable,
fair-minded men, so long as we avail ourselves
of the labor of womeif and call upon them to
do the same work that is done by male clerks,
I hold that we ought to pay them as much as
wo pay the male clerks. I think we have
reached the point where we must do one of
two things: eitherincreasetlie pay of anumber
of these female clerks or ceaso to employ them.
We have, too, in our social progress in this
country reached a pointwhere the employment
of female labor in positions whicli men have
heretofore been accustomed to fill exclusively
should he substituted, and I think public policy
requires that we should open up avenues for
the employment of the women of the country
so as to enable them the better to earn their
living than they have done in times past.
The density of our population, the tendency
of the American people to concentrate in large
cities, which is demonstrated everywhere, and
especially in the last few years, make this a
problem which we have to meet, and have to
meet in some way very soon. 1 think the suc-
cess which the Government has met with so far
in the employment of female clerks will have
a tendency very much to induce their employ-
ment in other vocations of life where men have
heretofore been employed, and I think that
wherever an opportunity is afforded of allow-
ing them to compete with men in the business
pursuits of life which are at all suited to their
sex and theircondition their employment ought
to be encouraged everywhere. For my own
part, therefore, I have favored the policy to a
reasonable extent of employing female clerks,
and having favored that policy 1 believe in pay-
them as we pay any other clerks.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chai rman, I cannot
pretend to the gallantry possessed and exhib-
ited by my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
worth.] My years, perhaps, would forbid it.
But I wish to say to the committee that I think
they are taking the very course, as was sug-
gested by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler,] that will prove prejudicial to
the females in the several Executive Depart-
ments. How happened it that they were ever
employed there at all? Because it was claimed
that they could labor cheaper than men. When
they were first brought in they were glad to
serve at $750 a year, and then the competition
was so great that not one in twenty of those
:who applied could find places. My own expe-
rience during the six years I have been here
in Congress has been that it was easier for me
at any time to procure four clerkships for
males than one for a female, and the applica-
tions have been incessant. I have never been
able to succeed, except in one or two instances,
in getting females into employment in any of
the Departments. But, sir, when we raised
their pay about two years ago from $750 to
$900 they were content, and more than con-
tent. They are now only afraid that they will
lose their positions by competition. If you
raise their pay from $900 to $1,200, and then
to $1,400, and then to $1,600, and then to
$1,800, what will be the consequence? Why
men who are politicians, who are voters, who
make and unmake Congressmen, will come on
here from all parts of the land and drive these
women out. That will be the consequence
unless you follow it up by making these women
voters also. That you will do, but not in my
day.
1 say to you as a friend to females and as a
friend to female labor and the employment
of females in the several Departments $at I
protest against this scheme of raising their
wages higher than $900, as they are better paid
now than any females in these United States
outside of Washington city.
Mr. NIBLACK. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. HIGBY. I renewthe amendment. I was
a little surprised at the argument used by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
in reply to the argument of thegentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Fabkswoeth.] It is claimed for
the Committee on Appropriations that it has
been the great economical committee of the
House of Representatives, if not of the nation.
It is well known that the females in the Depart-
ments in many instances supply the places of
males who are receiving $1,200 and $1,400 a
year, and I am not sure but $1,600 a year.
They do the same kind of work and the same
amount of work. I do not thiuk any member
will dispute that. Now, without saying one
word as to whether females should receive as
much as males or not, it is a fact that they do
not receive as much by one third. How does
it happen, then, if this nation must econo-
mize, that this leakage from the Treasury of
$1,000,000 ayear, ifnotmore, has not been dis-
covered by this economical committee, and they
have not recommended to this House before
now that we should have employed in our De-
partments none but females at $900 a year, in
the place of males at $1,200 and $1,400 a year ?
How does it happen that my friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofiem,] who is so loud
on the question of economy here in this Hall,
who has used this argument, which I will not
undertake to dispute, has not been on the alert
to save this amount of money to the nation?
I leave other gentlemen to argue the point
whether they should receive as much as male
clerks. The fact is that they do not receive as
much by one third. It is a fact which cannot
be disputed successfully that they did the same
amount of labor and as well as the other clerks.
Then, why are we not saving money on this
point? And why is not this committee a little
more vigilant in its business on the score of
economy?
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
ButlekJ says that school-teachers do not re-
ceive as much as these female clerks. They do
not; that is true. I will not argue the point
whether these female clerks should receive as
much for the same amount of work as other
clerks receive; I leave that point for others to
argue. But it is certainly demonstrated by the
arguments of gentlemen here that the Govern-
