1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
525
bill to-day. We have got to do it some time
or other, and may as well do it now.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not think so at all.
I cannot give way again.
Mr. KDMUNDS. I suggest to the Senator
trom Ohio that he had better let the hill be
printed as it now standswith the amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN". Tiiey make no change
in it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There have been several
amendments made.
Mr. SHERMAN. Merely striking out; that
is all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania to proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. GRIMES. I believe a motion to ad-
journ takes precedence of that, and I make
that motion, that the Senate now adjourn
until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 22, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boykton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. This being Friday, the
business in order is the calling of committees
for reports of a private nature, the Committee
for the District of Columbia being entitled to
another morning hour.
bankrupt la1v.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Revision of the Laws,
submitted a report in relation to the bill (H. R.
No. 1701) to amend the seventh section of an
act entitled "An act making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 18G8, and for other
purposes," approved March 2, 1867. Also, a
report in relation to the bill (H. R. No. 1702)
in amendment of an act. entitled " An act
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughouttheUnitedStates," approved March
2, 1867 ; and the same were ordered to be
printed, and recommitted to the committee.
specie payments.
Mr. GRISWOLD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1755) to diminish
the fluctuations in gold and provide for a re-
turn to specie payment; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
oliver basco.u.
Mr. GRISWOLD also, by unanimous con-
sent, offered the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, _ That the Committee of Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the claim of Oliver Eascom.
assignee of Edward Lusher, for services in taking:
eare of a dredge for the United States at "Whitehall,
in the State of New York, and report by bill or
otherwise.
Mr. CHANLEIl moved to reconsider the
votes of reference, &c. : and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ASSAY OFh'lCK AT HELENA.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R- No. 175G) to establish an
assay office at Helena, in the Territory of Moil-
tana ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Commitree on Coinage,
Weights, and Measures.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask to have the bill
printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
think it ought to be printed.
Mr. KELLEY". it comes from the commit-
tee with the recommendation of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and is introduced in connec-
tion with another bill I now present for the
reduction of the mint at Denver to an assay
office—a matter of economy.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. What does
the gentleman propose?
Mr. KELLEY. To have it printed and re-
ferred to the committee. The mint at Denver
has cost §235,611 34, and the receipts have
been $9,512 89. It is proposed to reduce it
to an assay office, and to establish another at
Helena.
•Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. How much
has the other coined ?
Mr. KELLEY. It is not for a mint; it is
for an assay office, and it is a matter of economy.
The motion to print was agreed to.
united states min't at denver.
Mr. KELLEY also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1757) to convert
the branch mint of the United States at Den-
ver, Colorado, into an assay office ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Coinage, Weights, and Meas-
ures, and ordered to be printed.
REPINING OP GOLD AND SILVER.
Mr. KELLEY also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R.'No. 1758) relative to
the refining of gold and silver bullion at the
Mint of the United Statesand branches ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Coinage, Weights, and Meas-
ures, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the votes by which the bills, were
severally referred ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ciiahtek of georgetown.
Mr. KOONTZ, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back, with the
recommendation that it do pass, the bill (H.
R. No. 418) to amend the charter of the cor-
poration of Georgetown, District of Columbia.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that in addition to the rights heretofore
granted to the corporation of Georgetown,
District of Columbia, to regulate the anchor-
age and mooring of vessels arriving at the port
thereof, said corporation shall be authorized to
levy and collect, according to regulations to be
established by said corporation, from each and
every vessel arrivi«g in the port and harbor a
fee not to exceed the sum of $4 50, which
fee shall be graduated according to the tonnage
of said vessels, and also a ballast fee not to
•exceed $1 25 from each and every vessel dis-
charging ballast in said port.
The second section proposes to ratify and
confirm all acts done and performed by said
corporation of Georgetown under an ordi-
nance passed by the corporation entitled " An
ordinance for the appointment of harbor mas-
ters, and for other puposes," approved Sep-
tember 10, 1864, and all acts done and per-
formed by harbor masters or assistant harbor
masters under said ordinance.
Mr. KOONTZ. In explanation of this bill
I would state that prior to 18G7 harbor mas-
ters' dues were collected under an ordinance
of the municipal authorities of the city of
Georgetown, butat some time during that year
there were certain decisions of the courts of
the District of Columbia and of the Supreme
Court of the United States by which provisions
similar to those contained in the ordinance
were held to be unconstitutional. The ordi-
nance under which such fees had been col-
lected was to this effect:
" Be it enacted, . That section second of the net
entitled 'An aet for the appointment of a harbor
master, and tor other purposes,' be so amended that
] the haiboi fees to be collcctcd by the harbor master
I shall bo as follows: on all vessels of fifty tons and ,
under, fifty cents; vesselsof fiftytons toone hundred
tons, one dollar; tivo bundled tons, $150, from two
hundred tonsto thrcehundredtona, $2 50; from three
hundred tons to five hundred tons, lour dollars; and
over five hundred tons, five dollars."
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. In the con-
fusion prevailing in the Hall it has been impos-
sible to hear the bill; but I now make the
point af order that this bill is aet a private bill
and ought not to be introduced here to-day.
It is a general bill granting to the city of
Georgetown the right to impose a tonnage tax.
It is a bill that ought to be considered very
carefully, and I, think, by the Committee on
Commerce. ^ I submit the point of order that
it is not a private bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
the point of order is made too hire. The bill
was read by the Clerk at the Clerk's desk, and
if the gentleman from Massachusetts was tiot
attending to what the Clerk read it is not the
fault of the Clerk.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I am not
finding fault; but the misfortune is, that living
in the Alaska region, it is utterly impossible for
me to hear what is said. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. That complaint is not
generally made against the Clerk, whose voice
is usually audible throughout the Hall.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. If my point
of order is too late I wish to give notice that
whenever I can obtain the floor for the purpose
I will move that this bill be referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Commerce.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.Ei.iOT] that
by May's Parliamentary Practice, which lays
down the distinction between private and public
bills in the British Parliament, this would be a
private bill. The precedents arefound on pages
612 and 613 of that work, as follows :
" Though a bill relating to a city is generally held
to bo a private bill, bills concerning tlio metropolis
have been dealt with as public bills; the laree aiea,
the number of ranshes, the vast population, and the
variety of interests concerned constituting them
measures of public policy rather than of local inter-
est. Thus the metropolis police biils in 182Sand 1839,
tho metropolis local management bill in 1855, tho
main drainage of the metropolis bill in 1853, and
other similar bills were brought in, and passed through
all their stages, as public bills.
"Bills concerning the city of London only have
generally been private bills, having been solicited by
tbo corporation itself, which desired special loKisla-
tion affect in;; its own property, interests, and juris-
diction. Thus oven the bill for establishing a police
force within the city was brought in upon petition,
and passed as a private bill."
As Congress is the exclusive legislature for
this metropolitan District of Columbia, it would
appear from the above precedents established
in the nation whence we draw our parliament-
ary law that this bill, confined as it is in its
operations to the city of Georgetown, is a pri-
vate bill, while taxation bills operating through-
out the whole District should be held as public
bills if objection was made to their being con-
sidered on private bill day. V
Mr. KOONTZ. This bill has been fully ^
considered by the Committee for the District *
of Columbia, and I believe the members of
that committee, with one exception, are unan-
imously in favor of the passage of the bill. As
I was about stating when interrupted, the
owner of the schooner Nautilus refused to pay
the small harbor fee of fifty cents which was
levied on his vessel. An action was brought
for the amount so levied and the case was taken
before the supreme court for the District of
Columbia, and the court decided that the levy-
ing of such dues was unconstitutional. Tho
provision under which these fees were collected
was precisely the same as those under which
the authorities of Georgetown previously col-
lected them. In the ease of tho Southern
Steamship Company of New Orleans against
the masters and wardens of the port of New
Orleans, the Supreme Court of the United
States declared that it was unconstitutional to
collect fees of a similar character that were
imposed by authority of the Legislature of
Louisiana.
It is held in both these cases that inasmuch
as Congress alone possesses this power urder
that clause of the Constitution which provides
that''no State shall, without the consent of'
Congress, lay any duty of tonnage," &c., no
State or city authority, without a previous grant
of power by Congress, has a right to impose
any such duty. The committee have deemed
it advisable, in view of the importance of this
officer, that this power should be given to the
eorporate authorities of Georgetown. The
