1869.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1477
orient is now losing a great deal which it might
save by employing thia labor instead of male
labor. Yet v hear nothing about it until the
quest iotas presented of raising female labor to
the satnerateof compensation with other labor.
Now, I should like to have this Committee on
Appropriations explain how it is that they have
not been on the alert to save the nation
$1,000,000 which would be saved by employing
female labor, when they will stand here and
argue by the hour sometimes over twenty or
thirty thousand dollars.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise
merely to ask unanimous consent that debate
may be considered as closed on this paragraph.
Mr. BARNES. I object.
Mr. BUTLEIi, of Massachusetts. Then I
move that the committee rise for the purpose
of closing debate on this paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Dawes Laving taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, according to order, had had the
special order under consideration, being House
bill No. 1073, making appropriations for tbe
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1870, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that when, the House shall again resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on- the special
order all debate on the pending paragraph shall
be closed in one minute after the consideration
of the same shall have been resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BCJTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the rules be suspended, and the House now
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
upon the legislative appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wii-sosr, of Iowa, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of House bill
No. 1G73, making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1870.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I want
to call attention to the fact that it is not for the
Committee on Appropriations to alter the law.
Their duty is to report the appropriations ne-
cessary to carry out the provisions of existing
law. And even when we try to do more than
that there are always enough members ready
to raise points of order to prevent our being
successful.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. IItgby to amend the paragraph relating
to the Comptroller of the Currency by striking
out " £18.000'' and inserting " $24,900'! in the
clause, '^ twenty-one female clerks. $18,900."
Mr. HIGBY. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BARNES. I renew the amendment.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes fifty-nine, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The Cleik read as follows:
Tor paper, engraving, printing, express charges,
nnd other expenses of the making and issuance ot
the national currency, £7.3,000.
For Couimifsioner ot luterna.1 Revenue, 86,000;
three deputy commissioners oiui at $3,500, awl two
at S.VXJO es*eh; otifi solicitor, $1 000; seven heads ot
di visions, S'i.oOO each ; thirty-tour clerks of class four,
$61,3X), lorty-livo clerks ot olas* tlnec. 2.000; fitty
elerU of ehsss two. #70.000; thirty-seven clerks of
class nne S44.J0O: iifty-iive fotaale clerks, SJl'.oOO;
five me.-scngors, Sl.ifflO; three assistant messengers,
S-'.H'i); and fifteen laborers, $9,000, employed in ma
offiee. in all, $.i-10,400.
For rent, dies, paper; for stamps and incidental
expenses, including thecost of subscriptkmsforsueh
number of copies of the "Internal Revenue l.eeord
aiidCustosns Journal," as (heSecretary of tbelreas-
ury may tieein necessary to supply to revenue oui-
cers, SIM.OOO.
Mr. TWICHELL. In order that we may
be consistent in our action with reference to
female clerks, I desire to move to amend the,
clause in line four hundred and ninety-three,
which now reads "fifty-five female clerks,
$40, .500."
The CHAIR MAN. It is too late to amend
that clause. The paragraph has been passed.
The Clerk read as follows:
For salaries and expenses of collectors, assessors,
assistant assessors, revenue agents, inspectors, and
superintendents of exports and drawbacks, together
with the expense of carrying into effect the various
provisions of the several acts providing internal
revenue, excepting items otherwise estimated for,
$6,000,000.
For detecting and bringing to trial and punish-
ment persons guilty of violatingthe internatrevenne
laws, or conniving at the same, in cases where suoh
expenses are not otherwise provided for by law,
8100.000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. T desire
to move an amendment, to make the appropri-
ation in the paragraph with reference to sala-
ries and expenses of collectors, assessors, &c.,
$8,000,000 instead of $6,000,000.
The CHAIRMAN. That paragraph has
been passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to return to it for the pur-
pose of offering an amendment.
Mr. BOLMAN. I object.
The Clerk read as follows;
For incidental and contingent expenses of the
Treasury Department ;
In the office of the Secretary of the Treasury and
the several bureaus, including copying, labor, bind-
ing, sealing ships' registers, translating foreign lan-
guages, advertising, and extra clerk hiie for prepar-
ing and collecting information^to be laid belore
Congress, and for miscellaneous items, $50,000.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move to amend by
inserting at the end of the paragraph just read
the following:
Provided, That no part of this sum shall be paid
as salary or compensation to thcSpecial Commisioner
of the Revenue.
Mr. Chairman, in examining this bill I can-
not find any other paragraph in which the sal-
ary of the Special Commissioner of the Rev-
enue appears to be included; and I think it
must be embraced in this item. I want to test
the sense of the committee as to the propriety
of continuing this office.
Several years ago we created a commission
consisting of three persons to investigate the
subject of revenue, to prepare statistics, and
give us generally such information as might be
useful in our legislation on questions of taxa-
tion, &c. After a trial of that system two of the
commissioners weredropped ; and one man was
made the Special Commissioner of the Revenue.
1 believe that under the law creating the office
the salary of this officer is $4,000. In a recent
report which he has made we have hada pretty
full experience of this gentleman's views. I
do not know whether they are satisfactory to
this House; I know that they are very unsatis-
factory to me, as I think they are to a large
portion of the House. I know that this officer
has taken a great deal of pains to mystify
figures. It is said that "figures cannot He;"
but he has endeavored to make them lie if
that is possible. At any rate he has taken
great pains to make figures produce results en-
tirely different from what they should produce.
His report is before the country. It has been
denounced in a great many quarters, very prop-
erly and justly. Now, I think it becomes Con-
gress to consider whether we should maintain
at a high salary an officer who_ undertakes to
teach doctrines contrary to the interests of the
country, who gives the preference to the labor
of foreigh countries over the labor of our own
country. I am in favor of protecting the
interests of our country, of developing our
resources, and I am not willing to pay a sal-
ary to a man who undertakes to prove that that
policy is wrong. I want the sense of the House
upon this subject. I believe the majority here
are not in favor of such doctrines as this officer
is endeavoring to disseminate. I think our best
method of condemning such doctrines is to say
that no portion of this appropriation shall be
paid to compensate this man. .
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man. I can state to my friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Mookhbap] that if his amend-
ment beradopted it will not, in my judgment,
accomplish, hia object. I do not think the
salary of the Spccial Commissionerof the Rev-
enue is to be paid out ©f this appropriation.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I think it is; if not I
would like the gentleman to show tne the ap-
propriation out of which it is to be paid.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
exactly what I do not care to do. It is suf-
ficient for the present purpose that this item
does not embrace the appropriation for that
purpose.
I think, Mr. Chairman, that this gentleman,
Mr. Wells, has saved to the Government and
to the people by his labors a, great deal more
than the amount of his salary. Now, I do not
agree with many of his figures; I am opposed
to many of his financial notions; I do not con-
cur in his deductions from the facts which he
has collected; but I believe that he has hon-
estly and faithfully given us statistics which
have been of the utmost value in legislation.
I think we are indebted to his labors in a large
degree; and I call upon my friends of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to say whether the
facts and statistics collected by him and his
comparison of the workings of the various
laws with reference to taxation have not proved
of incalculable value to the committee.
Let me repeat, that while I do not agree with,
some of his figures, yet I think they are hon-
estly and truthfully put down. Then he states
his deductions. I can take his figures and per-
haps work out different deductions. Every
legislator wants his figures. We need them
when we come to consider a tax bill that has
some hope of passing both Housies of Congress,
and when we revise our tariff system; not in
driblets but as a whole. Then we shall find
these figures of great importance. It will not do
to tell me that because statistics are changing
every year this office must be got rid of. All
the more necessity for keeping it up, so we may
have correct information on which to act. We
have abolished the Bureau of Statistics, and
the duties of that bureau have been imposed
upon him. We have increased his labors with-
out increasing his salary. I do not think we
ought to strike down a faithful public servant
because we do not agree with him in his deduc-
tions.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The gentleman from
Massachusetts says that his salary is not pro-
vided for in this item. Where it was pioviaed
for he did not care to tell. I think that is
a rather singular answer for a gentleman in
charge of one of the appropriation bills. It is
his duty, as representing the Committee on
Appropriations, to tell us what the appropri-
ation covers.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. So I do.
I tell you it does not cover this.
Mr. MOORHEAD. What does it cover?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Labor,
printing, translating foreign languages, adver-
tising, extra clerk hire, &c.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Does not that *' extra
clerk hire" refer to the Special Commis-
sioner? ,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It does
not; he is not a clerk. W hen the.House passes
a resolution asking for information this extra
clerk hire is necessary. If I were to undertake
to tell where his salary is provided for I might
be mistaken.
Mr. CAKE. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts whether Mr. Wells cannot
get along without any salary since his trip to
Europe? . , ,
Mr. BUTLEIi, of Massachusetts, iunder-
stand that was in the line of his duty, to go to
Europe and collect statistics. If he comes to
this House he may go further and fare worse.
[Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I renew the
amendment. I do not care what the Special
Commissioner's views are; it is his processes
that I object to. I agree that during tbe three
years he has been an officerof tbe Government
