PUBLIC ACTS OF THE FORTIETH CONGRESS
OF THE
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the Third Session, lohich was begun and held at the Gity of Washington, in, the District of Columbia, on
Monday, th'e^th day of December, A. D. 1868, and was adjourned without day on Thursday, the 4th day of
March, A. D. 1869.
A^tdkew Johnson, President. Benjamin F. Wade, President of the Senate. Schuyler Colfax, Speaker of the
House of Representatives, until the 3d day of March, A. D. 1869, on which day he resigned, and Theodore
M. Pomeroy was elected Speaker, and so acted for the remainder of the session.
Chap. II.—An Act providing for the Sale of
the Lands, Tenements, and Water Privileges
belonging to the United States at and near
Harper's Ferry, in the County of Jefferson,
West Virginia.
Beit enacted by the Senate, and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be. and lie is hereby, authorized and directed ■
to make sale at public auction of the lands, ;
tenements, and water privileges belonging to }
the United States, at and near Harper's Ferry,
in the county of .Jefferson, West Virginia, ex- j
cept as hereinafter provided, in such parcels as j
shall, in his opinion, be best adapted to secure !
the greatest amount of money therefor, oil a |
cred.t of one and two years, taking bond and 1
security from the purchaser or purchasers for
the pavment of the purchase-money; and that
the proceeds of snch sale shall be applied by
liiin as follows: Provided, That no such sale
shall be made until the time, terms, and place
thereof shall have been published in one of the
principal newspapers in each of the cities of
Washington. New York, and Cincinnati for
sixty days prior to the day of sale :
First, in defraying the expenses of making
said sale.
Second, in refunding to the United States the
principal sum of purchase-money paid for said
land's, tenements, and water privileges by the
United States, and for the erection of buildings
thereon.
Third, if any surplus remain, he shall deliver
the same to such agent as the Legislature of
the State of West Virginia shall appoint to re-
ceive the same; but upon condition that such
surplus shall be received by the State of West
Virginia, to be set apart, held, invested, used,
and applied as a part of the school lund of that
State, under and b}1 virtue of, and ill manner
and form as provided in section first of the
tenth article of the constitution of West Vir-
gil. ia. and for no other purpose. And on making
such sale of the said lands, tenements, and
water privileges, or any part thereof, the said
Secretary of War is hereby empowered and
required, on receiving ihe purchase money in
full, io execute all necessary deeds therefor to
the purchaser or purchasers thereof on behalf
of the United Slates.
See. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War be authorized and directed
to convey by deed to Storer College, an insti-
tution of learning chartered by the State of
301
West Virginia, all those certain portions of the
aforesaid property, namely: the buildings, with
the lots on which they stand, numbered thirty,
thirty-one, and thirty-two, and also building
numbered twenty-five, with enough of the lot
on which it stands to give a breadth of ten rods
on High street, otherwise known as Washington
street, all of said buildings and lots being sit-
uated at Harper's Ferry aforesaid, being the
same which have heretofore been assigned by
the War Department to the Bureau of Ref-
ugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands for
educational purposes; and also to convey by
deed to the proper persons all such other lands
and buildings, portions of the aforesaid prop-
erty, as have heretofore been set apart by the
proper authority for religious, charitable, and
town purposes.
Approved, December 15, 1868.
Chap. IV.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act imposing Taxes on Distilled Spirits
and Tobacco, and for other purposes," ap-
proved July twentieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled. That the seventy-eighth
section of "An act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes,"
approved July twentieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty eight, be and the same is hereby amended
by striking out the words "first day of Jan-
uary" wherever they occur in said section and
inserting iti lieu thereof the words "fifteenth
day of February."
Approved, December 22, 1868.
Chap. VII.—An Act authorizing the Admission
in Evidence of Copies of certain Papers,
Documents, and Entries.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That copies of all official
papers and documents belonging to and filed or
remaining in the office of any consul, vice con-
sul, or commercial agent of the United States,
and of all official entries in the books or records
of any such office, shall, when certified under
the hand and official seal of the proper consul,
vice consul, or commercial agent, be admis-
sible in evidence in all the courts of the United
States.
Approved, January 8, 1869.
Chap. IX.—An Act to repeal certain provisions
of section six of an Act entitled "A i Act
making Appropriations for the Supp irt of
the Army for the year ending June thir';eth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, ar.d for
other purposes," approved March second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven.
Beit enacted by the Senate andHouseof Ihp-
resentatives of the United States of Ameri&i in
Congress assembled, That section six of the act
entitled "An act making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, and
for other purposes," approved March second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, so far as the
same is applicable to the States of North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, Florida, Alabama, and
Louisiana, is hereby repealed.
Approved, January 14, 1869.
Chap. XIII.—An Act amendatory of an Act
entitled "An Act relating to Habeas Corpus
and regulating Judicial Proceedings in cer-
tain Cases."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That the provisions of an
act entitled "An act relating to habeas corpus
and regulating judicial proceedings in certain
cases," approved March third, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, so far as the same relate
to the removal of causes from the State to the
Federal courts, be, and thesame [are] thereby,
declared to extend to any suit or action at lair,
or prosecution, civil or criminal, which has
been or shall be commenced in any State court
against the owner or owners of any ship or
vessel, or of any railway, or of any line of trans-
portation, firm, or corporation engaged in busi-
ness as common carriers of goods, wares, or
merchandise, for any loss or damage which
may have happened to any goods, wares, or
merchandise whatever, which shall have been
delivered to any such owner or owners of any
ship or vessel, or any railway, or of any line
of transportation, firm, or corporation, engaged
in business as common carriers, where such
loss or damage shall have been occasioned by
the acts of those engaged in hostility to the
Government of the United States during the
late rebellion, or where such loss or damage
shall have been occasioned by any of the forces
of the United States, or by any officer in com-
mand of such forces: Provided, That this act
shall not be construed to affect any contract of
