THE COtfGKESSIOffAL GLOBE.
January 22,
duties of the harbormaster are to remove from
time to time ships atod vessels in order to make
room for others or to admit the river craft to
pass in and out of the docks, and to compel the
masters and captains of ships and vessels to
accommodate each other, so that ships an'd
vessels arriving from sea shall for a reasonable
time-be entitled to berths next to the'wharves
until they have unloaded their cargoes. There
are a variety of duties imposed u{Jon him, regu-
lating the whole matter of the lading and unlad-
ing ot vessels ami their ..entry and departure
from port.
An officer of this kind is absolutely necessary
at every port. I have examined the authorities,
and, sp far as I can find, tliere is not a port in
the United States in which such an officer is
not found. Yet under the decisions of the
supreme court of the District of Columbia and
the Supreme Court of the United States 1 do
not hesitate to say that in every case where fees
are imposed and collected, either by legislative
or municipal authority, it is done in violation
of the Constitution of the United States. It is
not denied, however, that Congress has the
right to confer the power to collect suck fees
upon the municipal authorities of any city.
Therefore it becomes merely a question of ex-
pediency whether this power shall be granted;
and when it is also understood that there is
an absolute necessity for an officer of this kind
in every port, 1 think that gentlemen will agree
with the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia that this bill should be passed. And now,
sir, with this explanation, unless some gentle-
man desires to be heard upon this subject, I
will call the previous question.
Mr. BALDWIN. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. KOQNI'Z.^ For what length of time 1
Mr. BALDWIN. I do not want much time ;
not more than five or ten minutes.
Mr. KOONTZ. I will yield to my colleague
on the committee.
Mr. BALDWIN. I think this bill ought
not to pass until it is more clearly and fully un-
derstood by the House. It is a bill to allow
the corporation of Georgetown to levy tonnage
duties for revenue on vessels visiting that port.
It does uot provide merely to allow harbor
masters to receive pay for services rendered to
vessels visiting that port, but to allow the cor-
poration of Georgetown to collect money by
means ot this tax, which is to go into the city
treasury. ^ I his bill certainly proposes a novelty
iu our legislation, and a novelty that is every
way objectionable. If any authority of this
kind shall be granted, which I cannot suppose
possible, it should be by a general law. At all
events, I shall urge here, as I urged in the com-
mittee reporting this bill, that before it is further
considered the bill should be referred to the
Committee on Commerce ; and I ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kooxtz] to
yield and allow such a motion to be made.
Mr. KOONTZ. I cauoot yield for such a
motion.
Mr. CIIAisLIiiv. Will the gentleman yield
to me?
Mr. KOONTZ. No, sir.
Mr. OIIANLER. I rise to address an inquiry
to the Chair. 1 ■
Ihe SPLAKER. A member canuot be taken
trotn the Uoor by another member rism<* to
put an inquiry to the Chair.
Mr. C11ANLER, The gentleman, when
explaining this bill, was not heard in this part
ol the Hall, and I would like to ask him for
some information.
Ah. IvOOVIZ. I yield to the gentleman
lor a question.
Mi. CILAJvLER. I ask the gentleman
whether this bdl proposes to introduce an ex-
ceptional system iu the collection of .revenue
or whether it is ia accordance with the estab-
lished custom of the Government in regard to
tue collection ol revenue at ports throughout
the Union?
Mr. KOONTZ. I will say to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Chaslee] that, in all the
Other ports, of tW.United States these jfeesarft
A
collected either under municipal authority or
by legislative enactment; and, as I have already
stated, according to the decisions of the courts,
including the Supreme Court of the United
States and the supreme court of the District
of Columbia, the collection of these fees under
such authority is unconstitutional. This bill,
so far as it confers this power upon the city of
Georgetown, is perhaps exceptional.
Mr. CH ANLER. That is what I wanted to
get at. Now, I will ask the gentleman whether
he has any objection to introducing a similar
measure with regard to the corporation of the
city of New York ?
Mr. KOONTZ. I have no objection what-
ever to such an enactment, though I have no
authority from the committee to present such
a measure.
Now, I will say in reply to my colleague on
the committee [Mr. Baldwin] that if he had
examined this bill he would have found that it
contains no provision by which revenue is to
be raised by the collection of these fees. The
first section of tlie bill provides—
" The corporation of Georgetown are authorized to
levy anil coflcct, according to rules and regulations
to be established by said corporation, from each ancl
every vessel arriving in its port, a harbor fee not to
exceed the sum of Si 50, which sum shall be gradu-
ated according to the tonnage of said vessels."
The bill contains no provision by which reve-
nue is to be raised from these fees. They are
simply designed to compensate the harbor mas-
ters for services rendered in assigning vessels
their proper places at the docks, removing
them, attending to loading and unloading them,
and performing the other duties I have already
enumerated. The authority proposed to be
given by the bill is precisely similar in charac-
ter with that formerly exercised under the
ordinance authorizing the collection of these
lees. As the collection of such fees under muni-
cipal authority has been declared unconstitu-
tional, the bill proposes to authorize their col-
lection by act ol Congress, the only power
competent to give such authority.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I hope the
gentleman will allow me a few minutes before
he yields the floor.
Mr. KOONTZ. I yield to the gentleman
for live minutes.
Mr. IiLIOT, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker,
I will begin by saying that this bill, if it be
passed, will standalone upon the statute-book,
being wholly exceptional iu its character, with-
out precedent, so far as I am advised, in any
legislation heretofore adopted by Congress.
The Committee on Commerce have now upon
their files a multitude of petitions praying that
some legislation should be had prohibiting the
imposition in different ports of various taxes
under local laws. It appears that the tax
which has heretofore been in some way or
other collected at Georgetown has-been ruled by
the courts to be contrary to the provisions of the
Constitution ; and now the corporation of that
city having made application to Congress, the
Committee for the District of Columbia have
reported a bill, which has not been printed,
and which has not been examined by any gen-
tleman who has not had the chance to read it
in manuscript, proposing that Congress shall
confer upon the corporation of Georgetown the
right to impose on every vessel coming into
that port a tax not exceeding $4 50 for one
purpose, and a ballast fee not exceeding SI 25
for another.purposes. Now, Mr. Speaker, it
may be well enough for Congress to take into
account the interests of all the ports of the
United States before undertaking to say that
any one port shall have the privilege to im-
pose tonnage taxes upon the commerce of the
United States. I submit that this is a question
that ought to receive the most careful consid-
eration of the committee charged by this House
with the duty of examining questions of this
kind, and that it is not right that bills profess-
ing to affect only specific ports, but which may
affect the interests of the whole commerce of
the country, should be reported from commit-
tees not having charge of the general subject.
I cannot, in the fejr minutes which are al-j
lowed me, undertake to state to the House the
various objections to this proposed legislation.
All I can do now is to say that it is wholly ex-
ceptional iu its character, and that it has not
received the examination of the committee
whose duty it is, as it seems to me, to look into
questions of this kind. I shall, if I have the
opportunity, move the reference of this bill to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to corroborate the
statement of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. My constituents are now petitioning
Congress upon this very subject—to be relieved
from this sort of extortion. I hope, therefore,
that the House will send this bill to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, so that if there is to be a
bill passed on the subject it shall be made gen-
eral, and not as this is, exceptional in its char-
acter.
Mr. KOONTZ. The reason this bill is ex-
ceptional is this: the corporate authorities of
Georgetownhave deferred to the decisions of
the courts; in other cities they have refused to
do so. The fees are now being collected in
New York, Philadelphia, and other ports in
violation of the Constitution of the United
States. The committee were not asked to con-
sider the question of giving the power to other
cities. This bill provides that power be con-
ferred upon the authorities of Georgetown to
have an officer under the law to do what is now
done in other ports without law. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. _ If the previous question
is voted down, will it be ia order for the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to make a motion
to refer the bill to the Committee on Com-
merce?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
The House refused to second the previous
question—ayes 22, noes 92.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I move to
refer the bill to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ROSS. I move to lay it on the tabic.
The question being taken on the motion to
lay the bill on the table, there were—ayes 79,
noes 46.
Mr. KOONTZ. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts, moved to re-
consider the vote just taken ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BREVET BANK IN THE ARMY.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
presented a letter of the Secretary of War, in
regard to brevet rank in the Army ; which was
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
I'OUE-AND-A-IIAIjF STREET.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back the
bill (II. R. No. 258) to change the name of
Four-and-a-half street, in the city of Wash-
ington, to Lincoln avenue.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MASONIC MUTUAL RELIEff ASSOCIATION.
.Mr. WOOD, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1*79) to incorporate the Masonic Mutual Re-
lief Association ol^ (lie District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was reported.
Mr. WOOD. I do not think this bill re-
quires any explanation. It explains itself. It
is simply a bill granting an application by the
members of the order of Masons in this Dis-
trict to have an active incorporation to enable
thejn jQintlj^ail the lodges beings represented-,
