302
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 9,
40xii Cong. ... 3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
insurance for war risks which may have been
made with reference to any goods, wares, or
merchandise which shall have been so de-
stroyed.
Approved, January 22, 1869.
Chap. XV.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to prescribe the mode of obtaining
Evidence in cases of Contested Elections,"
approved February nineteenth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That any register in bank-
ruptcy or notary public, resident in a congres-
sional district, the right to represent which is
contested, is hereby authorized to take the testi-
mony and to perform any of the other acts which
a judge of any court of the United States is
authorized to do by the third section of an
act entitled "An act to prescribe the mode of
obtaining evidence in cases of contested elec-
tions," approved February nineteenth, eight-
een hundred and fifty-one.
Approved, January 23, 1869.
Chap. XVI.—An Act in relation to the Appoint-
ment of Midshipmen from the lately Recon-
structed States.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy be, and he hereby is, authorized and
directed to make the appointment of midship-
men to the United States Naval Academy on
or before the fourth day of March next, from
any State in which the election of members of
the House of Representatives to the Forty-First
Congress does not by law take place previous
to the first day of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, upon the nomination of the mem-
bers of the House of Representatives from such
States in the present Congress: Provided, That
no such appointment shall be made from any
State not by law entitled to the appointment
of midshipmen in the year eighteen hundred
and sixty-nine.
Approved, January 30, 1869.
Chap. XIX.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Support of the Military Academy for
the fiscal year ending J une thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy.
Be itenactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States ofAmericain
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the support of the Military
Academy for the year ending the thirtieth
June, eighteen hundred and seventy:
For additional pay of officers, and for pay
of instructors, cadets, and musicians, one hun-
dred and eighty-fonr thousand five hundred and
seventy dollars and eighty-eight cents.
5 or commutation of officers' subsistence, six
thousand one hundred and thirty-two dollars.
For pay in lieu of clothing to officers' ser-
vants, one hundred and fifty-six dollars.
For current and ordinary expenses, sixty-
one thousand nine hundred and "thirty dollars.
For increase and expenses of library, two
thousand dollars.
For expenses of Board of Visitors, two thou-
sand dollars.
For forage for artillery and cavalry horses,
four thousand dollars.
For horses for artillery and cavalry practice,
two thousand dollars.
For repairs of officers' quarters, three thou-
sand dollars.
For furniture for cadets' hospital, five hun-
dred dollars.
For gas pipes, gasometers, and retorts, six
hundred dollars.
For materials for quarters for subaltern offi-
cers, three thousand dollars.
For purchase of fuel for cadets' mess-hall,
two thousand dollars.
For furniture for soldiers' hospital, one hun-
dred dollars.
For reflooring academic building and bar-
racks, one thousand dollars.
For repairing roads, five hundred dollars.
For contingencies for the Superintendent of
the Academy, one thousand dollars.
Appboyed, February 2, 1869.
Chap. XX.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Payment of Invalid and other Pen-
sions of the United States for the year end-
ing June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the payment of pensions for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and seventy:
For invalid pensions under various acts,
nine million dollars.
For pensions of widows, children, mothers,
fathers, brothers, and sisters of soldiers, as
provided for by acts of March eighteenth,
eighteen hundred and eighteen; May fifteenth,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight; June sev-
enth, eighteen hundred and thirty-two ; July
fourth, eighteen hundred and thirty-six ; July
seventh, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight;
March third, eighteen hundred and forty-three;
June seventeenth, eighteen hundred and forty-
four ; February second, July twenty-first, and
July twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred and forty-
eight ; February third, eighteen hundred and
fifty-three ; June third, eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight; and July fourteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, with its supplementary
acts, and under various special acts, and for
compensation to pension agents and expenses
of agencies, ten million dollars.
For Navy pensions to invalids, widows, and
children, and other relatives of the officers and
men of the Navy dying in the line of duty, now
provided by law, two hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars.
Approved, February 2, 1869.
Chap. XXI.—An Act supplementary to an Act
entitled "An Act to confirm the Titles to
certain Lands in the State of Nebraska."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the provisions and
benefits of an act entitled "An act to confirm
the titles to certain lands in the State of Ne-
braska," approved the twenty-fifth day of July,
anno Domini, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, be, and the same are hereby, extended
to the east half and northwest quarter of the
southeast quarter of section nine, township
fifteen, range thirteen east, sixth principal
meridian, in Douglas county, Nebraska, and
that the title to the same is hereby confirmed to
the parties holding by deed from the patentee.
Approved, February 2, 1869.
Chap. XXIII.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Payment of Salaries and Con-
tingent Expenses of the Patent Office for
January and February, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House o f Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of fifty-four
thousand seven hundred and sixty-six dollars
for the payment of the salaries of the officers
and employes of the Patent Office, and for the
ordinary contingent expenses of said office, for
the months of January and February, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine.
Approved, February 9, 1869.
Chap. XXIV.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act to prohibit the Coolie
Trade by American Citizens in American
Vessels," approved February nineteen,eight-
een hundred and sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all the provisions of
an act entitled "An act to prohibit the coolie
trade by American citizens in American ves-
sels," approved February nineteen, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, shall be extended so as
to include and embrace the inhabitants or sub-
jects of Japan, or of any other oriental coun-
try, known as coolies, in the same manner and
to the same extent as such act and its provisions
apply to the\inhabitants and subjects of China.
Approved, February 9, 1869.
Chap. XXXI.—An Actfor the temporary Relief
of the Poor and Destitute People in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Beit enacted by the Senat e and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of thirty
thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated out of money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the tem porary relief
of the poor and destitute population in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to be expended under the
supervision and direction of the mayor of the
city of Washington, the mayor of the city of
Georgetown, and the president of the levy court
of the District of Columbia.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives. ■
B. F. WADE,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Indorsed by the President: "Received
February 6, 1869."
[Note by the Department of State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of the United States for his approval,
and not having been returned by him to the
House of Congress in which it originated within
the time prescribed by the Constitution of the
United States, has become a law without his
approval.]
Chap. XXXII.—An Act to prevent loaning
Money upon United States Notes.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That no national bank-
ing association shall hereafter offer or receive
United States notes or national bank notes as
security or as collateral security for any loan
of money, or for a consideration shall agree
to withhold the same from use, or shall offer
or receive the custody or promise of custody
of such notes as security, or as collateral se-
curity, or consideration for any loan of money;
and any national banking association offending
against the provisions of this act shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon
conviction thereof in any United States court
having jurisdiction shall he punished by a fine
not exceeding one thousand dollars, and by a
further sum equal to one third of the money
so loaned; and the officer or officers of said
bank who shall make such loan or loans shall
be liable for a further sum equal to one quarter
of the money so loaned ; and the prosecution
of such offenders shall be commenced and
conducted as provided for the punishment of
offenses in an act to provide a national cur-
rency, approved June third, eighteen hundred
