1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SOS
Laws of the United States.
40th Cons....3d Sess.
and sixty-four, and the fine or penalty so reeov-
eredshall be for the benefit of the party bringing
such suit.
Approved, February 19, 1869.
Chap. XXXIII.—An Act to locate and estab-
lish an Assay Office in the Territory of
Idaho.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That a United States assay
office be located and established at Boisfe City,
in the Territory of Idaho, for the assaying of
gold and silver. For the carrying on of the
business of said officethe following officers
shall be appointed, assoon as the public in-
terest shall require their service, upon the
nomination of the President, by and with the
adviee and consent of the Senate, namely:
one superintendent, one assayer, and one
melter and refiner, and two clerks, and the
superintendent may employ as many subor-
dinate workmen and laborers, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, as may
be required. The salaries of the said officers
and clerks shall be as follows: to the super-
intendent, the sum of two thousand dollars;
to the assayer, the sum of eighteen hundred
dollars ; to the melter and refiner, eighteen
hundred dollars; to the clerks, one eighteen
hundred dollars, and one sixteen hundred dol-
lars ; to the subordinate workmen and laborers
such wages and allowances as are customary,
according to their respective stations and occu-
pations.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
officers and clerks to be appointed under this
act. before entering upon the execution of
their offices, shall take an oath or affirmation
before some judge of the United States or of
the supreme court of said Territory, as pre-
scribed by the act of July second, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, and each become bound to
the United Slates of America, with one or
more sureties, to the satisfaction ofthe Director
of the Mint or of one of the judges of the
supreme court of Idaho Territory and of the
Secretary of the Treasury, with the condition
of the faithful performance of the duties of
their offices.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the
general direction ofthe business of said assay
office of the United States shall be under the
control and regulation of the Director of the
Mint at Philadelphia, subject to the approba-
tion of the Secretary : and for that purpose it
shall be the duty of the said Director to pre-
scribe such regulations, and to require such
returns periodically and occasionally, and to
establish such charges for parting, assaying,
melting, and refining, as shall appear to him
to be necessary for the purpose of carrying
into effect the intention of this act in estab-
lishing said assay office.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That said
assay office shall be a place of deposit for such
public moneys as the Secretary of the Treasury
may direct. And the superintendent of said
assay office, who shall perform the duties of
treasurer thereof, shall have the custody of the
same, and also perform the duties of assistant
treasurer; and for that purpose shall be subject
to all the provisions contained in an act [enti-
tled] "An act to provide for the better organi-
zation of the Treasury, and for the collection,
safe-keeping, transfer, and disbursement of the
public revenue," approved August sixth, eight-
een hundred and forty-six, which relates to the
treasury of the branch mint of New Orleans.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
superintendent of said assay office be author-
ized. under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, and on terms to be prescribed by
him, to issue in payment of the gold dust and
bullion deposited for assay and coinage, or
bars, drafts, or certificates of deposit, in sums
of not less than one hundred dollars, payable
at the Treasury, or any sub-Treasury of the
United States, to any depositor electing to
receive payment in that form.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
sum of seventy-five thousand dollars be, and
the same is hereby, appropriated out of any
money in the United States Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to be expended in the con-
struction of said assay office, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury; and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is hereby directed, on
the passage of this act, to order the immediate
construction of said assay office.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That all
the laws and parts of laws now in force for the
regulation of the United States assay office at
New York, and for the government of the offi-
cers and persons employed therein, and for the
punishment of all offenses connected with said
assay office, or with the Mint of the United
States, shall be, and they are hereby, declared
to be in full force in relation to the assay office
by this act located and established, so far as
the same may be applicable thereto.
Approved, February 19, 1869.
Chap. XXXIV.—An Act to give an additional
Term of the United States Circuit Court for
the Eastern District of Arkansas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Souse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That instead of one term
a year, as now prescribed by law, the circuit
court of the United States for the eastern dis-
trict of Arkansas shall hereafter be held on the
second Mondays of April and October in each
year.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That this
act shall be in force from and after the passage
thereof.
Approved, February 19, 1869.
Chap. XXXV. — An Act to authorize the
Importation of Machinery, for Repair only,
free of Duty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That machinery for repair
may be imported into the United States with-
out payment of duty, under bond to be given in
double the appraised value thereof, to be with-
drawn and exported after said machinery shall
have been repaired; and the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and directed to
prescribe such rules and regulations as may be
necessary to protect the revenue against fraud,
and secure the identity and character of all
such importations when again withdrawn and
exported, restricting and limiting the export
and withdrawal to the same port of entry where
imported, and also limiting all bonds to a period
of time of not more than six months from the
date of the importation.
Approved, February 19, 1869.
Chap. XXXVI.—An Act to enable the Holly,
Wayne, and Monroe Railway Company, in
the State of Michigan, to have the Subscrip-
tion to its Capital Stock duly stamped.
Be it enacted by the Senate arid House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the president of the
board of directors of the Holly, Wayne, and
Monroe Railway Company, in the State of
Michigan, or any director of said company,
may appear before the collector of the revenue
of the first congressional district of the State
of Michigan at any time prior to the first day
of May, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, with
the subscriptions to the capital stock of said
company, and the said collector shall, upon
the payment of the proper stamps required by
law, affix the proper stamps to said subscrip-
tions to said capital stock, and note upon the
margin thereof the time of his so doing; and
he shall also cancel and note upon the margin
thereof as aforesaid all such stamps as have
already been affixed and not duly canceled;
and the said subscriptions to the capital stock
of said company shall thereupon be held good
and valid to all intents and purposes, and may
be used in all courts and places in the same
manner and with like effects as if they had been
originally duly stamped.
Approved, February 19, 1869.
Chap. XXXVII.—An Act to establish a cer-
tain Post Road in the State of Connecticut.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the consent of Con-
gress be, and the same is hereby, given to the
erection of a drawbridge over the Connecticut
river, at or near Middletown, in the State of
Connecticut, by the New Haven, Middletown,
and Willimantic Railroad Company, in accord-
ance with the terms of a resolution passed by
the General Assembly of said State, at the
May. session thereof, A. D. eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, amendatory of the charter of
said railroad company.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That said
bridge, when completed in the manner speci-
fied in said resolution, and in the place and in
accordance with the plans of the board of
engineers to be appointed in conformity to the
resolution aforesaid, and in accordance with
the requirements of the second section of the
resolution of the General Assembly of the
State aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to
be a legal structure, and shall, with the rail-
road of which it is to be a part, be a post road
for the transmission of the mails of the United
States.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, That Con-
gress reserves the right to withdraw the assent
hereby given, in case the free navigation of
said river shall at any time be substantially
and materially obstructed by any bridge to be
erected under the authority of said resolution.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaher of the House of Representatives.
B. F. WADE,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Indorsed by the President : '' Received Feb-
ruary 8, 1869."
[Note by the Department of State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President ofthe United States for his approval,
and not having been returned by him to the
House of Congress in which it originated
within the time prescribed by the Constitution
of the United States, has become a law without
his approval.]
Chap. XXXVIII.—An Act to establish a cer-
tain Post Road in the State of Connecticut.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives ofthe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the consent of Con-
gress be, and the same is hereby, given to the
erection of a drawbridge over the Connecticut
river, iti the State of Connecticut, by the Shore
Line Railway Company, in accordance with
the terms of a resolution passed by the General
Assembly of said State at the May session
thereof, A. D. eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, amendatory of the charter of said rail-
road company.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That said
bridge, when completed in the manner speci-
fied in said resolution, and in the place and in
accordance with the plans of the board of
engineers appointed in conformity to the reso-
lution aforesaid, and in accordance with the
requirements of the second section of the reso-
lution of the General Assembly of the State
aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be a
legal structure, and shall, with the railroad of
which it is to be a part, be a post road for the
transmission of tho mails of the United States.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, That Con-
gress reserves the right to withdraw the assent
