1B69.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1479
of the services of this special commissioner.
He was quite eloquent upon that subject. He
says that this gentleman has gathered statistics
that have been of infinite advantage to this
House and to the country, and especially to the
Committee of Ways and Means of this House
cad the Committee on Finance of the Senate.
Now, I would ask the gentleman, and I ask
this House and the nation, to look at the oper-
ations of the Committee of Ways and Means
and the Committee on Finance and see the suc-
cess which has attended their measures since
this gentleman has been hanging about Con-
gress. We have scarcely passed one import-
ant measure. At the first session of this Con-
gress we took up the tariff bill in the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and the gentleman
from Iowa was at that time a tariff man, and
he and I were cheek and jowl. He told us
how to get this through and that through, and
aided us in getting up the tariff bill which we
reported to this House. It passed the House
with amendments and went to the Senate, and
would have been the law of the land now but
for this gentleman, the commissioner, who in-
sisted on carrying out his own work, and after
we had passed the bill and it got to the Senate
and was printed he went to Senators and told
them that we must have an entire tariff bill
embracing the whole subject.
Mr. FOX. I rise to a question of order. I
ask if the tariff bill is under discussion ?
Mr. MOORHEAD. Iam discussing the sub-
ject that is under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairoverrules the
point of order.
Mr. MOORHEAD. He induced the Fi-
nance Committee of the Senate to believe that
we must pass an entire tariff bill. He pre-
pared such a bill and presented it to the com-
mittee, and very unfortunately for the coun-
try, I think, induced the committee to_ adopt
that bill, taking up every item and article in
the whole schedule of imports, hundreds—I
was about to say thousands, but perhaps that
wonld be extreme—bat, at any rate, hundreds
of items upon which the duty was not changed
at all; for the purpose of having it all in ons
i-uv, and, as he said, making a clean thing of
it, lie put in so much that he dragged the bill
to death.
H * one hundred and forty-seven articles of
vlrugs killed the bill. There was so much of
it that it never could be considered. And that
has been the result of all our legislation since
we have had this gentleman here to aid us to
superintend the doing of our work 
Mr. CAKE. How not to do it.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Yes, and to show us
how not to do it. We have not succeeded in
any great measure since we have had him in
this place. Instead of his being ot any use
to the country my opinion is that he has been
a great curse to the country. I want^to ex-
onerate myself and all those who act with me
from the charge ol tiying to cutoff this man's
salary after he has earned it. This is an ap-
pmnriatioi' for the fiscal year endingJune 30,
I8T0, and 1 want to give him notice before that
fiscal year commences that the House will not
appropriate any money for his future services.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. ROSS. My point of order is that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Moor-
n cap] is trying to prejudice the incoming Presi-
dent against appointing this man Secretary of
the Treasury. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not re-
gard that as a point of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent that all debate on the pena-
iug paragraph be considered as closed.
No objection was made.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Moouhkad, as renewed by Mr.
Dickey ; and upon a division there were
ayes 49. noes 45 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Mo OR Ilk All
and Mr. Au.ison were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes 59, noes 52.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair votes in the
negative, making a quorum.
So the amendment wag agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move that the committee
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Wil-
son, of Iowa, reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, having
had under consideration the Union generally,
and particularly the bill(H. R. No. 1673) mak-
ing appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th June, 1870, had
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. KELSEY, I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(sit ten o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions, were presented un-
der the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BUCKLEY: The petition of Noah
Carroll, John W. Dowling, and Hon. John R.
Ard and 175 others, citizens of Dale, Henry,
and Barbour counties, State of Alabama, ask-
ing for the establishment of a semi-weekly
mail route, running from Eufaula, Barbour
county, to Ozark, Dale county, Alabama, via
White" Pond, Clopton, and Skipperville.
By Mr. ELA: The petition of Alfred W.
Hoven and 38 others, citizens of Portsmouth,
New Hampshire, forlegislationto guard against
fraudulent naturalization.
By Mr. GARFIELD : A petition of citi-
zens of Ohio and Pennsylvania, for an amend-
ment to the Constitution to recognize Divine
authority.
By Mr. MERCUR : A petition of 42 citizens
of Bradford county, Pennsylvania, asking that
the Constitution of the United States may be so
amended as to acknowledge Almighty God as
the source of all authority and_ power in civil
government, the Lord Jesus Christ as the Ruler
among the nations, and His revealed will as of
supreme authority, in order to constitute a
Christian government.
By Mr. NICHOLSON: A petition of cer-
tain citizens of Wilmington, Delaware, for pro-
tective duties on imports.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of C. J. Ker-
shaw and others, citizens of Milwaukee, for
repeal of duties on imported barley.
Also, the petition of Joseph Schlitz and
others, citizens of Milwaukee, for repeal of
laws imposing duty on imported barley.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 23, 1860.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a r#portfrom the Attorney General,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 17th instant, inform-
ation in relation to persons convicted for vio-
lating the revenue laws and for counterfeiting;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
^Hefalso laid before the Senate a report from
the Attorney General, communicating, m com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
13th instant, information in relation to the dis-
continuance of proceedings against persons in
New York city charged with violations ot tlie
internal revenue laws; which was ordered to
He on the table, and be printed. _
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the "Senate a report from the Postmaster Gen-
eral, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate, information in relation
to a contract with the Commercial Navigation
Company of New York for carrying the mails
between New York and Bremen; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report from
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating,
in compliance with the resolution of the Senate
of the 5th instant, information in relation to
the case of the United States vs. Vincetite P,
Gomez, frivolving the claim to the land called
Panoche Grande; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a.
memorial of the Legislature of Wisconsin, in
favor of the extension of the time for the con-
struction of a railroad from the St. Croix river
or lake to Lake Superior and Bayfield by the
Northern Wisconsin Railway Company ; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of L. P. Gud-
gen, of Georgia, praying for such legislation as
will protect Onion men in that State ; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Missouri, urging the passage of a law
equalizing soldiers' bounties; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of John R.
Shows and Robert J. Hopkins, praying to be
relieved of political disabilities; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr, STEWART. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of Senate
joint resolution No. 8.«
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to make a report.
Mr. STEWART. Let me take up this con-
stitutional amendment, and then I shall give
way to allow morning business to be received.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have not asked a favor
of the Senate in the morning hour at this ses-
sion ; but there is alittle bill on the table, from
the House of Representatives, in relation to
the Yancton Sioux, which I thinkean be passed
in two minutes. I am sure there will be no
discussion m regard to it, and I should like -very
much to be allowed to call it up.
Mr. STE WART. I cannot give way to that.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to present a petition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada asks unanimous consent at
this time to take up the joint resolution propos-
ing an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States. Is there any objection ?
Mr. DAVIS. I object. _ .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution cannot now be taken
up. Petitions and memorials are in order.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of officers
of the eighth regiment of United States infan-
try, praying for the passage of a law giving to
officers of the Army an increase of pay; which
w&s referred to the Committee on M.int&vy
A.Sftirs
Mr. P0MER05T. I present the memorial
of Alexander Gardner, a citizen of the District
of Columbia, representing that he has been for
some years practicing the art of photography ;
that during the war he was with the Army, and
has a large collection of negatives representing
Army views aud Army scenes, incidents, &e.,
which he thinks would make a very valuable
collection as a history of the war. I respect-
fully ask that this memorial be referred to the
Committee on the Library. I think that is the
most suitable committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so referred.
Mr. POMEROY presented three petitions
of citizens of the United States,_praying that
in any amendment to the Constitution of _tne
United States to extend or regulate the right
of suffrage no distinction shall be made between
men and women : which were ordered to lie on
the table.
