1889.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
527
to distribute their alms to their brethren and
their widows and orphans.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WOOD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message lfltom the s13natr.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Ham-
lin, one of its clerks, aunounced that that body
had passed the following bill and joint resolu-
tions ; in which the concurrence of the House
was requested:
Abill (H. It. No. 1451) for the relief of John
H. Osier, of Guernsey county, Ohio; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 40-1) provid-
ing for the disposition of certain papers relating
to military claims accruing in the department
of the West; both with an amendment.
LOANS UPON UNITED STATES NOTES.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I now yield for three
minutes to the gentleman from NewYork,[Mr.
Bap.nes].
Mr. BARNES. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to present a bill to prevent loan-
ing money upon United States notes for the
consideration of the House at this time. I will
state that the bill has been considered by the
Committee on Banking and Currency, and
considered of vital and immediate importance,
and is unanimously recommended to the atten-
tion of the House at the present time.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
POUCH COUltT OP TUB DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. WELKER, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back, with sun-
dry amendments, chiefly verbal, the bill (IT.
R. No. 1027) to establish a police court for the
District of Columbia.
The bill, as proposed to be amended, reads as
follows :
Be il enacted by the Senate and House oflteprexcnt-
atires of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there shall be established in the Dis-
trict of Columbia a court, to bo called police court
of the District of Columbia, which shall havo juris-
diction of nil offenses committed in the District of
Columbia not deemed capital or infamous crime?.;
lhat is to say, of all olTou^os which aie declared to
be misdemeanors and made muiiuhable as such and
not punishable capitally or by imprisonment in the
penitentiary, ancl of all offenses against any of tho
ordinances of the city of Washington, or of the city
ot Georgetown, or the levy court of the county of
Washington. It shall consist of one judge, who shall
be appointed by the President of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, for
the term ol six years; and who shall, before enter-
in? on the duties ot his oilice, take the oath pre-
vsenbed to be taken by judgeo ot the courts of the
United States.
Sec. 2. Andbe it furtherenacted, That the salary of
said judge shall be .>3,0'JD. The said court shall have
power to appoint a clerk, at a salary of $2,U'J0; said
clerk shall havo power to administer oaths and
affirmations, and shall cave bond with surety as pre-
scribed by law for clerks of district courts of the
United States, ami who shall hold his office for six
years, unless sooner removed by said court for good
cause,
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted. That prosecutions
in said court shall be by information, without indict-
ment by grand jury or trial by petit jury. But a
party deeming himself siggrievcd by the judgment
of said couit may nppeal to the criminal court held
by a justice of the supreme court of the District of
Columbia; and in such cape said appeal shall be
tried on the information filed in the court below,
certified to said criminal court by a jury attending
at said criminal court,although the ca^e hadorigtn-
atcd in the last-mentioned court.
SBC. -1. And be it farther enacted. That said policc
court shall hold a term thereof in each mouth of the
year; said terms shall begin on the first Monday of
each month. Said court shall have the power to
i^sue process for the arrest of persons against whom
information may be filed at any time, and to compel
the attendance of witnesses. Such process may be
directed to the marshal of the district ot Columbia,
who shaii execute the sa.uie in like manner as 111
other cases. Such process shall be under the seal of
said coin I, and slmil boar teste in the name of the
judge thereof, and signed by the clerk,
Seo.5. And. be it further enacted, xiiat thesaid court
shall havo power to puni.-,h contempts and_ to^issuc
ail process necessary for the exercise of its jurisdic-
tion, and shall have a seal. It shall not have juris-
diction to naturalizeforeigners.
Sec. 0. And be itjuithzr enactcd, That said couit
shall havo power to appoint one bauift, who shall
receive for his services 83 50 for each day s attend-
ance upon said court, as provided for inscction four-
teen, certified by the judge of the court.
Sec. 7. And be it further enactcd, That there shall
be no lee charged lor any scrvico by the clerk. The
marshal and witnesses shall receive the same fees as
are allowed for similar service and attendance in the
bupreme court of the District of Columbia, and bo
paid in the same manner.
Sec.8. Ami be it further enacted, That in all appeals
from said court the paity applying for the appeal
shall enter into a recognizance with sufficient surety,
to be approved by tho said court, for his appcarance
at thofcnminal court then in session, or at the next
tttni/''thereof, if said criminal court bo not then in
selffon, there to prosecute said appeal and to abide
tho judgment of said criminal court. Said recogni-
zance, with said approval indorsed thereon, and the
information, shall be immediately transmitted to tho
clerk ot the supremo court of the District of Colum-
bia. Upon such recognizance being entered into all
further proceedingsshall be stayed in the said police
court, and tho judgment of said criminal court shall
be final m the case.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That thebailiffof
said court may act as a deputy for tho marshal of
said District of Columbia for the service of process
issued by said court.
SfiC. 1U. And be it further enactcd, That said police
court shall be provided with a suitable place for tho
holding of its sessions, at tho expense of the District
of Columbia. Said court shall havo power to do all
acts which may bo nocessaiy to tho exercise of the
jurisdiction hereby conferred.
SiX. 11. And be it further enacted. That upon the
failure of any party appealing from the judgment of
said policc court to tho criminal court to enter into
recognizance, as provided for in section eight, hcshall
bo committed to jail to await his trial upon his ap-
peal, and aaid Uial may be had m said criminal couit
as though said recognizance had been entered into.
In such case it shall be the duly ol tho court below
to send up the information filed m the cause, and a
copy of the record of all the piooedings, to tho crim-
inal court.
Skc. 1-. And be it further cnncted. That the judge
of said police couit shall havo powoi to take the ac-
knowledgment of deeds for lands in the District, of
Columbia, to administer oaths to public oilieers.apd
to certify to the suLhciency of sureties in ollicial
bonds and guarantors of contracts with the various
Department?, and Bureaus ot the Government; tor
which service, in either ease, a fee of ono dollar may
bo charged.
Sec. lo..And be it further enacted, That said court
shall have power to make such luies and regulations
as may be deemed necessary and proper for conduct-
ing business therein. Contempts may be punished
by fine and imprisonment, or both; but tlie lino shall
not exceed twenty dollars, nor the imprisonment bo
longer than twenty-iour hours.
Sec. 14. And be -itjui titer enacted. That the salaries
of said judge and clerk ol the police court, and the
compensation of the said baihll, shall be paid quar-
terly by the authorities of the cities ot Washington
and Georgetown and the county of Washington in
such propoi Lions as may be fixed by the mayors ol
Washington and Georgetown and the levy cuurt of
said county, having reference to the value of tho tax-
able property therein, respectively.
Sec. lo. Andbe itJurthcr enacted, lhatall uncsand
penalties assessed and collected by said court shall
be paid over by the dork theieof to tho proper au-
thorities of the cities of Washington and Georgetown
and said county ol Wa.shingioii in tho same prupoi-
tion as said mayors and levy court shall apportion
tho salaries atoresaid.
Sec. lb. And be it jurther enacted, That it shall bo
tho duty of the United States attorney of said Dib-
tric or hK assistant to attend to tho trial ol all circs
in said police couit and conduct tho trial thereof, and
attend to all business in said court m relation thoieto,
on boualf of iho Government; and for hU servues
rendered in said court the said United States attorney
shall receive as compensation tho same fees allowed
him by law foi similar seivices m the oiimmal court,
of said Distiiet, to bo paid by the authorities ot the
cities ot Washington and Georgetown and tho county
of W a-:hington, to be apportioned as aforesaid on the
certificate of the judge aioresaid that such services
wore rendered; and said attorney shall not bo required
to include said lees m his semi-annual emolument
return to tho Seoietaiy of the Interior, and they
shall be in addition to the foes paid him by tho Gov-
ernment foi other services. .
Src. 17. Awl be it farther enacted, That all justices
of the po'co in said district having jurisdiction of
the crimes and oii'enses of which jurisdiction is given
herein to said police couit sha'l recognize such
accused poisons for appealance in said court msterid
of tho criminal court of said Dishict. and ccr;iiy the
proceeding to said court hi tiicsame manner as now
provided by law m the ease ot lccogiiimiico ol ac-
cused persons to said criminal court ol said District.
Air. WASH BORNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from Ohio yield to me to offer tin
amendment, ?
Mr. WELKER. I will hear it read.
Mr. WASIIBUItNE, of Illinois. This seems
to be a bill to establish a new court here and
create a great deal ot additional expense, and
if it can be done at the expense of the District
I do not know that I shall have any objection.
F desire the gentleman to allow me to ofler the
following as an additional section :
Skc. —. Arul it f^rlh^r it shall be
the duty of the levy court of the District of Colum-
bia to levy a tax to pay all the expenses of the court,
which shall be paid into the Treasury of the United
States and held as a special fund to pay sucli ex-
penses, and no expenses of said court shall be a
charge upon tho Treasury.
Mr. WELKER. I have no objection lo pro-
viding that the levy court may levy the tax,
because the bill provides that this court shall
be at the expense of the District.
Mr. WASF1BUKNE, of Illinois. What
want to provide is that the establishment of
this court shall not entail, as it would under
t.lie bill as reported, an additional and very
heavy expense to the Government.
Mr. WELIvBR. I have tried to prevent its
being any expense lo the Government.
Mr. HOPKINS. I surest to the gentle-
man from Illinois this modification of his
amendment:
Sec. —. Ail'I be it further enactcd, That no expenso
incurred by the organization of this court shall be
paid by the Government of the United States.
Mr. WELIvEll. I have no objection to that
amendment being offered.
Mr. WASHBUllNE, of Illinois. Then I will
accept it as a modification of my amendment.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Will thegentleman yield
to me for a suggestionV \
Mr. WELKER. Certainly. 1
Mr. BOUTWELL. This bill as proposed to 1
be amended, it seems to me, is objectionable
in one or two particulars. I am not sufficiently
informed in regard to all the facts ; but one ot
the objections which occur to me is that it pro-
poses to allow the district attorney to charge
certain fees which are not speciheally described
in the bill or tho proposed amendment. Now,
we have on various occasions passed bills con-
taining provisions of that sort, andalterward
ascertained that allowances had been made
which never would havo been made if this
House had understood exactly what was being
done. Then another objection 1 have to the
bill is, that it allows justices of the peace now
holding commissions to take cognizance first
of the very offenses of which this police court
are to have jurisdiction, and that the parties
charged are to be held over to answer in the
police court. I do not see why tlie police court
should not have original and exclusive juris-
diction of all those cases. 1 understand that
one of the grievances, if it be not something
worse, in this District is that these justices of
the peace arraign persons who, perhaps, ought
not to be arraigned, and in one way or an-
other receive very large fees either from the
treasury of the District or from the United
States. *
Mr. WELKER. T will first answer the last
objection of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Boutwell.] We have undertaken
in this bill to provide that these justices of th&
pcace shall have some eiiminal jurisdiction.
It is not proposed to give justices ot the peace
any additional eiiminal juiisdiction whatever.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The point 1 make is,
that this policc court should have the same
place in the judicial proceedings of this Dis-
trict that police courts usually have in cities
of tho size'of this one; that is, original and
exclusive jurisdiction.
Mr. WELKER. This bill does give that
court general jurisdiction. But in the District
of Columbia these magistrates, or justices of
the peace, examine charges against individuals
and'bind them over for trial in the criminal
court of the District. In place of tho crimi-
nal court it is proposed by this bill to establish
a police court for the trial of certain offenses.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Tho great grievance
complained of in this District, and which I
understand is to be perpetuated if the proposed
amendment to this bill shall become law, is
that justices of the pcace will havo original
jurisdiction, as well as this police couit, ot_
various offenses under the genera! name ot
misdemeanors. Now, I think, if we are to set
tip a police court here, that court should no!
only have original but exclusive jurisdiction,
and that justices of the peacc should be dis-
robed of their power to arraign any one.^ A na
the fees that are complained of, and which are
now taken by these justices of the peace, con-
