52.8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
stitute one of the difficulties which we ought
to get rid of when we establish a police court
for this District. Without that I certainly
would not vote to establish a police court here.
Mr. WELKER. It is not proposed by this
bill to change at all the jurisdiction of justices
of the peace in relation to this class of crimes.
If there is any complaint to be against
them for the exercise of that jurisdiction I am
entirely willing that the section directing them
to bind over to this court shall be stricken out
of the bill. The bill itself gives the police
court original jurisdiction in all that class of
crimes inthis District. But I supposed that
these justices of the peace, now having crim-
inal jurisdiction, could go on under the present
law investigating offenses charged and bind
over to the police court that class of criminals
which they now bind over to the criminal court
of the District.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and this bill will go over to the morn-
ing hour of the next private bill day.
Mr. WELKER. 1 ask that the bill, with
* the pending amendments, may be printed for
f the use of the House.
No objection was made ; and the bill and pend-
ing amendments were ordered to be printed.
LEAGUE ISLAND BMDGE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Navy, transmitting a commu-
nication from Commodore Glisson, command-
ing League Island navy-yard, asking authority
to repair the bridge connecting the island with
the main land, and asking an appropriation of
$10,000 for that purpose ; and the same was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
Mr. MILLER asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House papers
in the case of Captain James Thompson, of
Juniata county, Pennsylvania.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask that the bill
(H. R. No. 1625) concerning the boundaries
of the States of Nevada, Minnesota, and Ne-
braska. and the Territories of Colorado, Mon-
tana, and Wyoming, which has been made a
special order for next Thursday, be ordered to
be printed, with the amendments.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
, the bill and amendments will be ordered to be
printed.
There was no objection.
EVIDJINCK IN CONTESTED ELECTIONS.
Mr. DAWES, from the committee of con-
ference upon the bill (II. R. No. 1558) to
amend an act entitled "An act to prescribe
the mode of obtaining evidence in case of con-
tested elections," approved February 19, 1851,
presented the following report:
Tho committee of confcronco on the disagreeing
rotes ot the two Houses on the amendments to bill
(H. K. No. 1658) entitled "An aot to amend an act
entitled Ah act to prescribo the mode of obtaining
evidence in case of contested elections,'" approved
February 19 1851, having met, after full and free
conference, have agreed to recommend and do rec-
ommend, to their respective House? as follows:
J.bat tno House rccede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment as follows: strike out all of said
feenateamendments. andall after the word "that" in
line one of tlieorigmal bill down toand including the
word district" in linetwo.and insert in lieu thereof
as follows: any register in bankruptcy or notary
public resident in a congressional district;" and that
the Senate agree to the same.
H. L. DAWES.
SAMUEL MeKEE,
JOHN CHANLER,
Managers on the part of the Rouse.
ROSCOE CONKLING,
"15
Managers on the part oj the Senate.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
\ ORDER OJf BUSINESS TO-MORROW. '
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
to- tliorrow morning, immediately alter the read-
ing of the Journal, the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Botowell] will, according to
notice already given, call up the constitutional
amendment in regard to suffrage for debate
during the day.
denver pacific railway.
The House, according to order, resume^tl
consideration of the bill (S. No. 570) for"a
grant of land, granting the right of way over
the public lands to the Denver Pacific Railway
and Telegraph Company, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. VAN TRUMP resumed and concluded
the remarks begun by him on last Wednesday.
The entire speech is as follows :
Mr. Speaker, I shall crave the attention of
the House for a time while I proceed to give
some of the reasons why 1 cannot concur with
the majority of my colleagues on the Pacific
Railroad Committee in asking for the passage
of the bill now before the House. The ques-
tion is of vast importance to the material inter-
ests of the people; and I am much mistaken
in the popular sentiment if it does not demand
a prompt and definite settlement of the prop-
osition one way or the other. I do not consider
the votes already taken as at all conclusive of
the question yet to be presented on some of
the many bills not reported, and of the one now
before the House. The vote on the Niagara
canal bill and on the resolutions of the honor-
able gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
may be indicative of what is called the tem-
per of the House; but they arc not conclusive.
"We have scotched the snake, not killed it."
Sir, it is a fact disputed by no one that the
action of the present Congress in relation to
the almost untold numbers of bills now pend-
ing in committee asking the aid of the Gov-
ernment in the construction of railroads and
ship-canals and other kindred works denom-
inated public improvements, will affect the
public interests, if not the public feeling and
opinion, with consequences which will reach
into the far-off future, and exert an influence,
for good or for evil, upon the coming genera-
tions. I regret exceedingly, sir, that I have
been hurried into this debate without that ex-
amination and preparation, especially upon its
legal and constitutional propositions, which its
importance demands, and without which a full
knowledge and understanding of all its multi-
farious bearings upon the great interests of the
people in the present embarrassed affairs of
the Government cannot be fully obtained. I
shall reserve the right, if I can g&t the oppor-
tunity hereafter, to present my views upon the
constitutional questions involved in this grand
scheme of Government subsidies to private
corporations. Nor shall I now confine myself
to the bill under consideration.
I wish to say, right here, in relation to this
Senate bill, No. 570, proposing to grant a sub-
sidy, in the bonds of the Government, of
$800,000 to the Union Pacific railway, eastern
division, that I am most decidedly opposed to
voting any more subsidies, either in the peo-
ple's lands or -the people's money, to these
private corporations, for the reason that, out-
side of the question of constitutional power,
they are intended to inure more to the selfish-
ness of private ends than the public good. I
not only have very grave and serious doubts
of our constitutional power to do so, but my
convictions as to the wrong and impolicy of
the thing, in the present disturbed condition
of the country, are clear and unhesitating.
Sir, with this great and mighty public debt
resting upon and tormenting the people to an
extent and with a crushing weight never before
imposed upon an equal amount of population
ana property in all man's history, we are now
asked, or will be asked, to increase the vast
volume of this public obligation in a sum of
more than one hundred million dollars in the
way of grants of lands and bonds to railroads
aud skip-canals, owned aud controlled by a few
private and unscrupulous individuals whose
attention is more devoted to cheating the Gov-
ernment in their construction than to care for
and protect the people's rights by a fair and
honest compliance with the terms of the law
which gives them these enormous subsidies.
Sir, in my humble opinion it is high time
/we should pause in this mad course of extrav-
agance and special legislation. In times like
these, if in no other, all our legislation should
look to the common weal and the public safety
instead of private aggrandizement and tbecre-
ation of these most intolerable special and per-
sonal privileges. These jobs and speculations
may triumph now, but a day of the most sig-
nal retribution will surely come. The people
may be careless and indifferent now, or seem
to be so; but there will come a time when
they will look into these things with a most
thorough and searching scrutiny. The frenzy
of party polifics, the passions and prejudices
growing out of the war and belonging to the
great question of reestablishing the Govern-
ment, may yet for a time so occupy and absorb
the public mind as to ignore all other ques-
tions ; but a time will surely come when we,
as the Representatives of the people, will be
held to the strictest accountability for our pres-
ent action upon these gigantic schemes of pub-
lic plunder. Sir, do 1 state the question too
strong? Do I denominate this system by too
harsh a term? It is no time now to deal in
honeyed phrase, any more than it is to deal in
unmerited vituperation. The plain, straight-
forward language of truth is what the times
demand; and he who does not dare to use it
so as to clothe truth with all its significance
and power fails in his duty to the people, when
their rights and their interests are at stake. I
shall present some facts before I take my seat
which will show that the importance and fear-
fulness of this subject cannot be exaggerated.
Mr. Speaker, the best way to comprehend
and anticipate the future is not to neglect or
forget the practical teachings of the past. It
is the instinct of wisdom to profit by example.
History is the great light-house of the nations;
and woe unto that people who do not heed the
rocks and shoals disclosed by its warning light
shed across the troubled waters of a nation's
life ! Everything in the past warns us of the
future. There is not so much difference in
men, either as individuals or when massed into
classes, in the impulses and passions wluch
dictate and lead to their actions, as there is in
the circumstances and temptations by which
they are surrounded and controlled. Tune and
circumstances do not so much make as they
develop human character. Applying this phi-
losophy to the subject in hand, we can form
some idea how these new schemes of railways
and subsidies will be managed in the future, by
looking into the management of those which
have already been consummated. I thinkl shall
show either the most reckless extravagance or
else the most gigantic fraud that has ever oc-
curred even in railroad extravagance and cor-
ruption.
Take the Union Pacific railroad as an
instance. In 1862, in the midst of the war,
during its darkest and most gloomy prospects,
and upon the miserable plea of a "war neces-
sity," this gigantic monopolyand swindle upon
the people was incorporated with a capital of
$100,000,000. This war cry is still kept up to
force a compliance with the leech-like demand
for more bonds and lands. I beg leave here
to say that in my opinion my friend, the hon-
orable gentleman from Minnesota on my left,
[Mr. Windom,] marred his very able and elab-
orate speech the other day, in advocacy of the
Northern Pacific railroad, by using this worn-
out appeal of a "war necessity" in relation to
our troubles with the western Indians. It was
not worthy of the high level of his general
argument.
The distinguished gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Kelley,J who immediately pre-
ceded me in the discussion of the bill now
before the House, also sounded this war-whoop
against fee "pofft Indian." A-U this shows
