1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1481
to EmilyB. Bidwyll, widow of Brigadier Gen-
eral Daniel D.JBidwell, and to Sarali Hackle-
roan, widow of Brigadier General Pleasant A.
Ilacklcuiaii, reported it without amendment.
EVENING SESSION ON TUt'R&DAY.
Mr. HOWE. I move that to-morrow even-
ing be afsigned 
Mr. WILSON. That is set apart already
for the business of the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Sir. HOWE. Then 1 move that on Thurs-
day evening a session be held at seven o'clock
to consider bills from theCommittee on Claims.
Mr. OONKLING. I inquire if there is not
an order already for that evening?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no order I belief for that evening.
Mr. HOWE. 1 hope there will be no objec-
tion to the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection the Chair will put the question
on the motion.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
make the usual motion that the Senate take a
recess from four o'clock until seven o'clock.
Mr. HOWE. Very well.
The PRESi DENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate on Thursday next take a re-
cess from four o'clock until seven o'clock for
the purpose of considering bills from the Com-
mittee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
EVENING SESSION ON FRIDAY.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I wa3 instructed by
the Committee on Pensions to ask that Thurs-
day evening, or part of that evening, be set
aside for the business of that committee.
That evening having been granted to the Com-
mittee on Claims, I move now that on Friday
next the Senate take a recess from four to
seven o'clock p. m., aud that the beginning
of the evening session be set apart for hills
reported from the Committee on Pensions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection the question will be put on that
motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I beg to sug-
gest—■—
Mr. VAN WINKLE. We shall not require
over an hour.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not like to
see the whole time of the Senate mortgaged in
this way, because it may be that the Senate
Kill find it necessary to consider appropriation
bills, which I must press.
Mr. POMEROY. There are several bills
reported by the Committee on Public Lands
which have had no attention, and I thought
they could be taken up on the same evening
with tlirt pension bill?.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not like to
object : but this order, if made; must be with
the understanding that if I find it necessary to
urge the appropriation bills at the proposed
evening session I shall be at liberty to do so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tiou is on the motion of the Senator from West
Virginia, that on Friday next the Senate take
a recess from four to seven o clock p. m., and
that the evening session be devoted to the con-
sideration of bills reported from the Commit-
tee on PenMons.
The motion was agreed to.
r.ILI.S INTRODUCED.
Mr. STEWART. T move that the Senate
no* proceed to the consideration of the con-
stitutional amendment.
Mr. McCREERY. I object to taking it up
out of order.
Mr. STEWART. The morning business
U through with, I think; is it not?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No ; I desire to ofler a
resolution. T„ , ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no further reports of committees the introduc-
tion of bills and joint resolutions is in order.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution ! S. R. No. 235) granting prize money
10 any officer, seaman, marine, landsman, or
other person who served in the United States
Navy and was captured in the line of his duty;
which was^ read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
AMENDMENTS TO API'UOI'RUTION BILLS.
Mr. SUMNER submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by the Committee on
Foreign Relations to the bill (H. R. No. 1803)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1870, and
for other purposes ; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
1803) making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending June 30,1870, i
and for other purposes ; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
LIGHT-IIODSE AT AQOINA BAY.
Mr. C0RBETT submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
llesolved, That the Gommittee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire as to the importance and neces-
sity of erecting a light-house at or near the mouth
of Aquina bay, Oregon.
FREE PORTS OS TlIE ItIO GRANDE.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate any report or
reports in his Department upon the free port system
of Mexico upon the Rio Grande and the subject of
frauds upon the revenue connected therewith.
SUFFRAGE CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. STEWART. I now move to take up
the constitutional amendment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 8) proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Nevada moves that the Senate dis-
agree to the amendments of the House of
Representatives and ask for a committee of
conference.
Mr. D00LITTLE. Before this, which must
necessarily lead to some debate, is entered
upon 
Mr. STEWART. I think not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think the Senator will
find that there are a great many gentlemen who
are in favor of acting directly in the Senate on
that question and not sending it to a committee
of conference. But I was going to appeal to
my honorable friend to give way for a moment
to'allow the Senator from Maine to call up the
bill reported by him from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, which I think will lead to no
discussion, and which is a matter that should be
acted on.
Mr. STEWART. I think we could have
been through by this time. Let us have a vote
on the question of dissenting and asking for a
committee of conference. I cannot give way.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the honorable
Senator will allow the bill to which I referred
. to be called up.
I Mr. STEWART. I cannot give way for any-
; thing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
! is on disagreeing to the House amendment and
' a^kin" for a committee of conference.
I "Mr."CUCKALEW. I ask for the yeas and
1 na3'Sl , 1 A
I The veas and nays were ordered.
■ I Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to inquire
l! what became of the motion the Senator from
I; Missouri [Mr. Drake] made last night, to
;j concur. , ...
i Mr. STEWART. That is withdrawn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
!' understands it to have been withdrawn.
!j 51 r DAVIS. Mr. President, I move io set
i. asi'de'thc pending and all other orders and take
11 U" the bill repealing the civil office tenure act:
and upon that motion I call for the yeaa- and
nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is not in order, this business being before the
Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to postpone that and
all other orders.
The PRESIDENTj>ro tempore. That is in
order. The Senator moves- to .postpone the
present and all pending orders. Will the Sena-
tor repeat his motion 1
Mr. DAVIS. I move to.postpone the pend-
ing and all other orders to take up .the bill to
repeal the civil tenure-of-office act; and upen
that motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered j and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 36; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Davis, Dixon.
Doolittle, Kellogg, McCreery, Norton, Patterson of
Tennessee, Robertson,Thayer, Vickers,Warner, and
Whyte—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conklintc, Corbett.Cragin, Drake, Edmunds,
Frelinghuysen, Harlan,Harris, Howard, Howe, Mor-
rill of Maine. Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Pom-
eroy, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Ross, Sawyer, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Wade, Wiliey, Williams, and Wilson—36.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Connesa, Ferry, Fes-
senden. Fowler, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Mo-
Donald, Morgan, Morton,Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Saulsbury, Spencer, Welch, and Yates—18.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore The ques-
tion now is on disagreeing to the amendment
of the House of Representatives, and asking
a committee of conference; on which question
the .yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Anthony, Cattell. Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Freling-
huysen. Grimes, Harris, Howard, Howe, Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton. Nye,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Itamsey, Sherman, Rprague, Stew-
art, Thayer, Tipton,Trumbull,VanWinkle, Wiliey,
Williams, and Wilson—S2.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Buckalew, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, lielloggr, McCreery, Norton. Patterson of
Tennessee, Pool. Eice. Robertson, Ross, Sawyer,
Tickers, Warner, and Whyte—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Conness, Cor-
bett, Fessenden, Ifowler, Harlan, Henderson, Hend-
ricks, McDonald, Patterson of 2sew Hampshire,
Saulsbury, Spencer, Sumner, Wade, Welch, and
Yates—17.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. How shall
the committee be appointed ?
Mr. STEWART. By the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no ob-
jection be made that course will be pursued.
Mr. Stewart, Mr. Coxkling, and Mr. Ed-
muxds were subsequently appointed the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments to the
joint resolution (S. R. _ No. 8) proposing an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States.
PARTIAL INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ate to take up for consideration House bill No.
1858. It will occupy but a moment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1858, making ap-
propriations, in part, for the expenses of the
Indian department and for fulfilling treaty stip-
ulations. It proposes to appropriate $10,000
for the relief of the Yancton Sioux tribe of In-
dians. in Dakota Territory, in fulfilling treaty
stipulations where the money has been misap-
propriated, to be expended under the direction
of the Governor and acting superintendent of
Indian affairs of Dakota Territory, and to be
considered as an offset against any claim these
Indians may have against the Government for
services during the late war.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
CHANGE OF NAMES OF BANKS.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have four bills from the
Committee on Finance that I think can be
passed before the morning hour expires, lhey
are bills which were really crowded out last
night by circumstances that I had no control
