1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
529
that the art of war is not at a stand-still. Why-
should not improvements be made in the sci-
ence of war as well as in anything else that
pertains to man in his onward march to per-
fection? Sir, it would be a most amusing sight
to see a noble squadron ot' this iron-sinewed
steam cavalry making a charge through the
narrow canons and over the lofty precipices
of the Rocky mountains upon a few (lying
and scattered sachems, mounted oil their
shaggy and half-starved ponies! The poet's
idea of the "leaps of the living thunder"
among the Alpine crags would be almost real-
ized. But, sir, in all seriousness, there is a
much better remedy for our Indian difficulties
than the screams of the steam-whistle or the
prancings of the iron horse. Let this Govern-
ment deal fairly and justly with these Indian
tribes ; let it put an end to the chicanery and
dishonesty of its Indian agents; let it bestow
but a fraction of the consideration and money
upon the red man which it does upon the black,
and we will hear no more of Indian troubles
or Indian wars.
Mr. Speaker, there was a day in the history
of this Government when the great and almost
imperial corporate powers of this Union Pacific
Railroad Company, outside and independent
of its enormous land and money subsidies,
would have excited the alarm and indignation
of the people ; but the popular mind seems to
have become paralyzed, and nothing now,
whether of jftwer or expenditure, either shocks
or attracts the public attention. But, sir, I
must postpone to another time the considera-
tion of its tendency to political and commer-
cial dominion: I only wish to call attention
now to the monstrous mismanagement if not
corruption of its affairs, and the insatiable
voracity with which it has swallowed up the
lands and the bonds of the Government. We
h.tve none of us forgotten the slashing and
unmerciful description by the honorable gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasiibuhne] of the
manner and the means by which thin act of
incorporation was carried in 1602. That was
a picture of legislative action, a photograph
of parliamentary tactics, not soon to be for-
gotten.
But that is not all. The passage of the sup-
plementary act uf 18G-1 must have been quite
as extraordinary, for by that act the first, mort-
gage lien of the Government upon the entire
road and all its equipments, solemnly enacted
to secure S30,000,000 of its bonds, was abso-
lutely struck out of existence by the insertion
of live short lines in the amendatory law in
order to give place to an equal amount of the
private bonds of the company, perhaps largely
owned by its own stockholders! That was a
sweep of the pen, '• my masters/' which would
have been magnificent had it not been so pro-
foundly unjust and iniquitous. Then look, too,
at the gigantic scale ot these subsidies! There
is nothing in all history that can compare with
it. Lands enough to form and sustain an em-
pire have been squandered upon these railroad
corporations.
Sir, what a most radical change has taken
place in the legislative if not the popular mind
m the theory of disposing of the public domain
from what it was in the days of Webster and
Wright, of Clay and Cass, and of Ewing and
Benton, as the great leaders of the two oppos-
ing parties in the halls of legislation and upon
the hustings ! Then it was a very grave and
vexed question whether Congress had any
power at all over the subject upon the question
raised between the two parties, and whether it
was, outside of the mooted constitutional
question, the true policy of the country, that
even the proceeds of the sales of the public
landsshould be distributed among the people of
the several States. As a political question, it
never was permanently settled, for the verdict
of the ballot-box vibrated both for and against
it. Now, however, Congress wrests this great
heritage of the people from the hands of both
States and people by millions upon millions of
acres, and absolutely gives it away without
compensation to a few favored individuals
40th Oong. 3d Sess.—No. 34.
for the purpose of building up immense pri-
vate interests under the guise of insuring the
public prosperity. But my object at present,
Mr. Speaker, is not to speak at large of these
land grants. That subject was completely ex-
hausted on yesterday by the honorable gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. VYashbcbne.]
In speaking of these bond subsidies and the
wrong use which has been made of them I
shall only consider those of the Union Pacific
road proper, excluding those granted to the
Central Pacific, although that road is an ex-
tensive portion of the same trunk line, for the
reason that I shall only notice the delinquen-
cies of the first-mentioned line, as officially
reported by the Secretary of the Interior in
his late annual communication to the Presi-
dent ; and I do this to warn the country of the
inevitable tendency of this system of subsidies
which we are asked to sustain and extend by
the passage of the bill now before the House.
I shall not notice now the immense land sub-
sidies to this corporation, although the extraor-
dinary covenant is entered into on the part
of the Government to extinguish by purchase
with the money of the people for the benefit
of this company the Indian title to all lands
held and owned by them along the route of the
road.
The act of incorporation establishes three
different scales for the issuing of the bonds of
the Government. For three hundred miles on
the mountain slopes bonds were to be issued
at the rate of $48,000 per mile ; an uncertain
portion of the route lying between the llocky
and Sierra Nevada mountains was to receive
$36,000 per mile ; and the residue of the line
was to be compensated at the rate of $10,000
per mile. This latter section includes the great
plain of the Platte lying west of Omaha, the
eastern initial point of the road, on five hun-
dred and thirty-live miles of which there is not
a single rock excavation, the whole extent of
that portion of the line presenting nearly prac-
ticable natural grades. There is but one tun-
nel on this whole portion of the Union Pacific
railway, and that is only two hundred and
thirty feet long. There are only four other
tunnels in the mountain ranges, and the entire
amount of tuuneling on the whole road is only
eighteen hundred and thirty-four feet. I men-
lion these facts to show either great fraud or
great extravagance in its construction.
As an index to the fact whether it is the one
or the other, it may be regarded as a preg-
nant circumstance that the great contractors
who have engaged to do the greater portion if
not the whole of the work are composed of an
inner "ring" of the principal stockholders
of the company itselt! A very nice and con-
venient modus operandi of fraud, and in itself
presumptive of wrong, unless the gentlemen
who sustain this double character of contract-
ors and stockholders approximate a degree of
human perfection not common in tlies>e modern
days. The charter provides that before any
bonds of the Government shall be issued orany
patents issue for the lands thus granted the
company should have at least foity miles of
their road constructed and equipped "equal in
all respccts to a fully-completed first-class rail-
road," nrd CO on, consecutively, for each ad-
ditional f jrty miles thereafter. In order that
these conditions-precedent should be tullyand
faithfully performed, and as the evidence of
their actual performance the act of incorpora-
tion also provides that it shall be the duty of
the President of the United States to appoint
three commissioners to examine and report as
to whether the company, in each consecutive
instance of forty miles of constructed road,
have fully complied with these provisions of
their charter.
Now, sir, I wish to call the attention of the
House and of the country to the very recent re-
port of one of these commissions appointed by
the President. On the 25th of September last
General G. K. Warren, of the United States
Army, Jacob Blickensderfer, jr., of Ohio, and
James Barnes, of the State of Massachusetts,
were appointed such commission. It is hardly
worth while to stop to criticise the appointment
of a commissioner I rum the State of Massachu-
setts, where the ruling stockholders and con-
tractors of this company reside, or that Air.
Blickensderfer is one of the original incorpor-
ators named in the act of incorporation, and
one of the constructing engineers of the road
itselt. 1 have known Mr. Blickensderfer for a.
quarter of a century, and can indorse his hon-
esty and integrity of character. I only mention
these things to show how this Pacific company
arranges all its operations. I have no doubt
that these commissioners have made a reason-
ably fair and honest report of the character and
condition of the road, and to that I shall now
proceed to pay some attention. They report
as their opinion—
"Tout tho location of the roacl, as a whole and in
its different parts, is upon tho mo.«t direct, central,
and practicable route, but that the Jine is not in all
respects well adapted to tho ground, as there are
points where tho lull capabilities of' the counti y h.ivo
not been developed, and others where, in itsdeuoK
the location is radically wrons?. This ha< b'-en occa-
sioned by a desire to diminish tho coht ot tiic worlc
by tho introduction ot more and sh sir per curves (ban
the circumstances require, although tho saving <n
oust was but small in comparison to tho pei uianent
injury of the road. The hue ns built should not be
permanently adopted, lb© higher emb.iukinmH
are not brought up to the proper standard, and in
some instances the width of tho fop is less than tho
length of tho tief. The cuts have not all be<>n exca-
vated to the deplh deMjrnod. On the curve< t hernils
havo not been bent to contorm to them, The trade
hns>, without exception, been bud on the baie io:id-
wny, without the latter having been pi cvion^ly pi e-
pnred to receive it. Six hundred and sixty irestio
and pile bridges, alter providing for those over tho
principal streams, must bo replaced by box cmvei is,
arehes, or stone abutments, with girders or trusses of
short span,"
The commissioners enter into a very minute
and detailed estimate of the cost of supplying
these palpable deficiencies in the construction
of the road, of which the following is a con-
densed synopsis: it will cost $200,000 in
changing locations to improve line and dimin-
ish curvature; $200,00O for completing em-
bankments to full width ; $5245.000 for reducing
grades ; $010,000for ballasting and readjusting
track; $1 14,000 for abutments and pier found-
ations; $157/200 for masonry in abutments
and piers; £380,200 for Howe truss bridges;
$005,100 for supplying openings oft rest lr  u ot k 5
£100,000 fur lenewing Dale creek bridge;
$100,000 for additional water ways: S31'U>0f)
for sixty new passenger locomotives; $150,000
lor repair of locomotives: $204,000 for forty-
four new passenger ears; $114,000 for thirty
baggage, express, and mail cars: $400.000for
five hundred box freight cars; $200,000 for fKty
additional locomotive stalls; $000 OOOforcom-
pleting shops at Cheyenne; $80,000 for addi-
tional water stations; $70,000 for additional
station buildings; $00,000 for additional snow
fences; and $30.01)0 for additional fencing
against stock ; making the enormou> aggregate
of $0,480,000 to supply the deficiencies in only
a part of the road, and on the cheapest and
euMeftt poitions of the entire route.
From this exhibit of facts, diawn from the
report of a commission composed of gentle-
men certainly not adverse to this corporation,
it is manifest to my mind that many millions
of bonds have been issued to this road not
authorized bv the sirict stipulations of its char-
ter. But this is not all, sir. The annual re-
port of the Secretaiy of the Interior, hod upon
oar tables only a few days ago. contains a
statement of the most startling and alarming
character. Sir, if 1 am not much mistaken it
is a disclosure of the acts arid doings of these
railroad cormorants which will as'onisli the
people ; one which will arouse them from their
lethargy, and draw down upon the heads of
these unconscionable speculator their deep-
est condemnation. I honor the Secretary mr
his well-timed and manly independence in
making the statement, for he must have known
that nothing could have been more damaging
to the interests as well as the character of
these railroad managers. On page 14 of bis
printed report the honorable Secretary makes
the following statement:
, "As the actual cost of this road is a matter of public
1 interest 1 deem it proper to present, in a condensed
