306
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 1,
40th Cong....3d
Laws @f the United States.
liminary examination, he shall deem such
expenditure expedient.
bureau of ordnance.
For guns, gun-carriages, shot, shell, maga-
zine and laboratory stores, and equipments of
all kinds ; for gunpowder, small arms, equip-
ments, and ammunition; for fuel and mate-
rials necessary in carrying on the mechanical
branches of the ordnance department at the
navy-yards and stations, two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
For pay of the superintendents and the civil
establishment at the several navy yards under
this bureau, fifteen thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses, one thousand dol-
lars.
That the officer in charge of ordnance and
gunnery experiments at the Washington navy-
yard shall receive the same and no greater
pay than the officers of the same grade per-
forming other.shore duty.
bureau op construction and repairs.
For preservation of wood and iron vessels
and ships in ordinary, and for those that are
on the stocks; vessels for the Naval Academy;
for purchase of material and stores of all
kinds; labor in navy-yard; transportation of
material, repair of vessels, and maintenance
of the Navy afloat, two millions five hundred
thousand dollars.
For pay of superintendents and the civil
establishment at the several navy-yards under
this bureau, thirty thousand dollars. .
bureau op steam engineering.
For pay of the superintendents and the civil
establishment at the several navy-yards under
this bureau, twenty-four thousand dollars.
For stores and materials, tools; for repairs
of machinery of steamers, boilers, instru-
ments, and labor at navy-yards and repairs of
the machinery, and purchase of stores and
materials for vessels of squadrons on foreign
stations; and for transportation of materials,
six hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
bureau of provisions and clothing.
For pay of the civil establishment at the
several navy-yards under this bureau, and at
the Naval Asylum, twenty-six thousand dol-
lars.
For provisions and clothing, one million five
hundred thousand dollars.
To meet the demands upon the bureau for
freight and transportation of stores, for can-
dles, fuel; for tools and repairing same at
eight inspections; for books and blanks; for
stationery ; for furniture and repairs of same
in offices of paymasters and inspectors; for
telegrams and postage; tolls and ferriages;
and for ice, seventy-five thousand dollars.
bureau OF medicine and surgery.
For necessary repairs and improvements of
hospitals and appendages, including roads,
wharves, walls, out-houses, sidewalks, fences,
gardens, farms, painting, glazing, blacksmiths',
plumbers', and masons' work, and for furni-
ture, thirty thousand dollars.
For pay of the civil establishment under this
bureau at tne several navy hospitals and navy-
yards, fifty thousand dollars.
marine corps.
For pay of officers, non-commissioned offi-
cers, musicians, privates, clerks, messengers,
steward, nurse, and servants; for rations and
clothing for officers' servants, additional ra-
tions to officers for five years' service, for
undrawn clothing, four hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
JPorpetisions, [provisions,] one hundred and
nfty-six thousand six hundred and seventy-two
dollars.
For clothing, one hundred and twenty-nine
thousand four hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For fuel, twenty-six thousand six hundred
and twenty-five dollars.
For military stores, viz: pay of mechanics ;
repair of arms; purchase of accouterments;
ordnance stores, flags, drums, fifes, and other
instruments, seven thousand dollars.
For transportation of officers, their servants,
troops, and for expenses of recruiting, twelve
thousand dollars.
For repair of barracks and rent of offices
where there are no public buildings, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For contingencies, viz: freight; ferriage;
toll; cartage; wharfage; puichase and repair
of boats; compensation of judge advocates per
diem for attending courts-martial, courts of
inquiry, and for constant labor; house rent in
lieu of quarters, and commutation for quarters
to officers on shipboard ; burial of deceased
marines; printing, stationery, postage, tele-
graphing ; apprehension of'deserters; oil, can-
dles, gas; repairs of gas and water fixtures ;
water rent, forage, straw, barrack furniture;
furniture for officers' quarters; bed sacks,
wrapping-paper, oil-cloth, crash, rope, twine,
spades, shovels, axes, picks, carpenters' tools;
keep of horse for the messenger; repairs to
fire-engines; purchase and repair of engine
hose; purchase of lumber for benches; mess-
tables, bunks; repairs to public carryall; pur-
chase and repair of harness; purchase and
repair of handcarts and wheelbarrows; scav-
engering, purchase and repair of galleys, cook-
ing-stoves, ranges ; stoves where there are no
grates; gravel for parade grounds: repair of
pumps; furniture for staff and commanding
officers; brnshes, brooms, buckets, paving,
and for other purposes, fifty thousand dol-
lars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That
each and every seaman, ordinary seaman, or
landsman who shall perform the duty of a
fireman or coal-heaver on board of any vessel
of war shall be entitled to and shall receive a
compensation at the rate of thirty-three cents
per day for the time they shall thus be employed
as firemen and coal-heavers, and which shall
be in addition to their compensation as sea-
men, ordinary seamen, or landsmen, as afore-
said.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That so
much of the first section of the "Act making
appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending the thirtieth day of June, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-three," as
declares that the salary of the secretary of the
Naval Academy shall be twelve hundred and
fifty dollars per annum, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed; and*the salary of said sec-
retary, from and afterthe thirtieth day of, June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, shall be
at the rate of fourteen hundred' dollars per
annum.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That so
much of the eighth section of" an act entitled
"An act to amend certain acts in relation to
the Navy," approved March second, eighteen
■hundred and sixty-seven, and of any other act
authorizing the annual selection of ten enlisted
apprentices for appointment as midshipmen to
the Naval Academy, be, and the same is here-
by, repealed.
Approved, March 1, 1869.
Chap. XLTX.—An Act to restrict and regu-
late the Franking Privilege.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That it shall not be lawful
for any officer of the Government, member of
Congress, or other person entitled by law to
tbe franking privilege to exercise said privilege
otherwise than by his or her written autograph
signature upon the matter franked; and all
letters or other mail matter not thus franked
by i he written signature of a person entitled by
law to exercise said privilege shall be charged
with the rates of postage which are now, or may
be hereafter, established by law.
Approved, March 1, 1869.
Chap. L.—An Act establishing the Term of
Office of the House of Representatives, and
providing for Biennial Sessions of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Mon-
tana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That hereafter the mem-
bers of the house of representatives of the Ter-
ritory of Montana shall be elected for the term
of two years, and the stated sessions of the
Legislative Assembly shall be biennial. And
the said Legislative Assembly, at its first session
after the passage of this act, shall provide by
law for carrying this act into effect.
Approved, March 1, 1869.
Chap. LI.—An Act granting a portion of the
Military Reservation of Sault Ste. Marie,
Michigan, to the American Baptist Home
Mission Society.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
is hereby authorized to convey to the Ameri-
can ^Baptist Home Mission Society, by good
and sufficient title, a portion of the military
reservation at Sault Ste. Marie, in the State
of Michigan, tnot to exceed one acre, now
occupied by a mission building owned by said
society.
Approved, March 1, 1869.
Chap. LII.—An Act to am'end the Act of April
tenth, eighteen hundred and six, for estab-
lishing Kules and Articles for the Govern-
ment of the Armies of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sixty-first article
of "An act for establishing rules and articles
for the government of the armies of the Uni-
ted States," approved April the tenth, eighteen
hundred and six, be, and is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the passage of this act commissions
by brevet shall only be conferred in time of
war, and for distinguished conduct and public
service in presence of the enemy. And all
brevet commissions shall bear date from the
particular action or service for which the officer
was brevetted.
Approved, March 1,1869.
Chap. LIII.—An Actauthorizingcertain Banks
named therein to Change their Names;
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the name of the
"City National Bank of New Orleans" shall
be changed to the " Germania National Bank
of New Orleans " whenever the board of direct-
ors of said bank shall accept the new name
by resolution of the board, and cause a copy
of such resolution, duly authenticated, to be
filed with the Comptroller of the Currency:
Provided, Thatsuch acceptance be made within
six months after the passage of this act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all
the debts, demands, liabilities, rights, privi-
leges, and powers of the " City National Bank
of New Orleans " shall devolve upon and inure
to the "Germania National Bank of New
Orleans" whenever such change of name is
effected.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
name of the "Second National Bank of Pitts-
burgh" shall be changed to the "Vilas National
Bank of Plattsburgh" whenever the board of
directors of said bank shall accept the new
name by resolution of the board, and cause a
copy of such resolution, duly authenticated, to
be filed with the Comptroller of the Currency:
Provided, Thatsuch acceptancebe made within
six months after the passage of this act.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all
