1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1483
been thoroughly examined, and whether the j
Senator from Iowa is perfectly satisfied that it j
in harmless and proper. 1 have not had time :
to look at it.
Mr. HARLAN. It lias been examined care-
consideration of the bill (S. No. ^84) to amend
the judicial system of the United States, the
pending question being on the amendment
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now that this bill is up,
faliy by the Committee ou the District of Colnrtv- ') I wish to take up for the purpose'of assigning
bin," It does not deprive any existing corpora-
tion or person of any existing right whatever,
but simply authorizes a company of gentlemen
residing in this District to build a short rail-
road to connect the railroads leading to tbis
r-ity from the South and from the North. It is
in (lie usual form of corporations in the District.
Mr. CONK LING. I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator from Iowa what is the
occasion for providing virtually for the removal
of the depot, although that is not expressed in
fo many words, from where it is over into a
remote "and different part of the city?
Mr. HAKLAN. It wakes no such provision.
It does not make any provision whatever in I
relation to any existing depot, but authorizes !
tbis company to build a depot on its own line; j
that is ail. i
Mr. COCKLING. I incjuire of the Senator
whether it does not authorize the construction
of a depot, which depot, when constructed,
w ill be the one in which the Baltimore and Oh io
railroad, and other railroads coming to Wash-
ington, are to discharge their passengers and
freight?
Mr. HARLAN, Thereisnotbingin thebill
requiring thetn to do so. If they choose to stop
at the new depot of course they can.
Mr. CONKLING. Of course they can stop
wherever they choose; "but my inquiry is,
whether the bill does not authorize the erection
of a depot for that purpose?
Mr. HARLAN. Why, Mr. President, the
bill is very plain. It authorizes the construc-
tion of a railroad about two or three miles in
length to connect the railroads north and south
across this city, or around the city, and author-
izes the company to build a depot, which they
call in the bill a " Union depot." Of course j
they would be glad to have ail the other com
panics use their road and depot if they would ; j
but there is nothing in the hill compelling any
company to use it. They may use it if they see
proper to do so, or find it to their interest to
thus use it.
Mr. CON KLIN G. Vt ilhout occupying any
time, I will make this remark about the bill.
It is a special charter conferring upon certain
persons named the right, as the Senator says,
to construct a railroad. It authorizes them to
form a corporation which shall be complete
when ten per cent, in lawful money is paid
in. It authorizes them to borrow $500,000 at
once, if I understood the reading aright, and
for that money to mortgage all their franchises,
among other things ; and then it authorizes
the erection of two depots, giving the author-
isation by way of proceeding to enable them
to get possession of the land to do it, and vir-
tually provides for the transplanting of the
depot, which is now below the hill, near the
Capitol, into a part of the city specified in
general terras in the bill. If this were a prop-
it for some specific time the joint resolution
providing for the publication of the congres-
sional debates. I move that it be made the
special order for to-morrow at one o'clock, or
at half past twelve o'clock. The Senate will
understand that after the 4th of March there
is no law authorizing the publication of the
congressional debates; and whether it is to be
done by a new contractor or by the Congres-
sional Printer, it is necessary that notice should
!j be given immediately. I move, therefore, that
i| that resolution be made the special order for
jj to-morrow at half past twelve o'clock.
j The PRESIDENT/;™ tempore. That mo-
tion will be put if there be no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator will not
object when he knows what it is. It is to
take up the joint resolution for the publica-
tion of congressional debates to assign a time
for its consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
assigning a time.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would rather have it
for this evening, but I understand this evening
is already assigned.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on Commerce has this evening.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Chakducr] would give me an
hoax this evening I should much prefer it to a
lateT time: but I will not make the motion
in his absence.
Mr. GRIMES. In the absence of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, I
beg to remind the Senator from Rhode Island
that to-morrow is to be devoted to the Array
appropriation bill. .
Mr. ANTHONY. There is nobody m this
Chamber who cares less about the Congres-
sional Globe than I do. The weight and the
guilt of its leaden and ponderous volumes do
not rest at all upon my soul. I have not filled
up its pages, and I do not propose to do it, but
I suppose those Senators who mean to enlighten
us and the country with their wisdom desire
that it should be placed on record; and it can-
not be placed on record unless we make very
speedy provision "for it, I will take any time
that may suit the Senate,
Mr TRUMBULL. Name the time.
Mr! ANTHONY. Half past twelve o'clock
to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there (i
any objection to entertaining the motion ? I he !
Chair hears no objection. The Senator from j
Rhode Island moves to assign half past twelve •
o'clock to-morrow. j. u. J
Mr. GRIMES. With the understanding that ;
at oneo'clock the Army appropriation bill shall ,
i, be taken up. , „ !
'i The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena- ;
i tor from Rhode Island moves that to-morrow '
' at. half past twelve o'clock be assigned for the
piuw ...   -- -- < s i at n&u pass vw*5ive v wv —
osiiion under a general law enabling any body jj con8^eVation of the joint resolution providing
to organize for this purpose it^ would seem to .j f rtk6plibKeationof thccongreSsionaldebates,
be less objectionable ; but as it stands, a^spe- !| motion was agreed to.
States; to substitute in effect and practice
circuit judges for the judges of the Supremo
Court in holding courts in the various circuits.
cannot help thinking that that is a subject
which merits grave attention. I eannot help
thinking that Senators, when we have once
entered upon this system, and cannot there-
fore retreat, because we cannot displace those
circuit judges when they are once appointed,
will find that they have made a mistake. We
have tried jost such an experiment in the State
I have the honor in part to represent, and have
found it to be a failure, and have long since
returned to the English system and to the
American system.
I admit that the judiciary^ of the United
States needs some assistance in the perform-
ance of its duties; there must be more judges,
but the great question is whether they shall be
inferior circuit judges, having no more or
greater powers in reality than the district
judges have now in each of the districts,
because the district judges now are judges of
the circuit courts, and taking away from the
administration of practical justice among the
Ole the presence of the highest judges of
and.
That is the feature of the hill to which I
chiefly object •, and I think I said the other
day, but I will repeat it now, that one of the
chief elements of success in this system, as
history demonstrates, has been that the peo-
ple who are interested in the daily administra-
tion of justice have found the highest judges
of the realm, of the country, of the Common-
wealth, coming to their own localities to sit in
judgment upon their trials, and they feel a
respect and a confidence in the judicial dis-
position of their disputes which they cannot
otherwise feel. They feel that one of the mem-
bers of the court of last resort lias come into
their locality, having no acquaintance with
the parties, no prejudices, and has brought
semething of the dignity and repose and fair-
ness that belong to an entire absence of preju-
dice or acquaintance with the particular cir-
cumstances or parties. And in such a case,
when a judge tries a cause, in nine instances
out of ten the parties acquiesce; they are sat-
isfied ; they feel that at least they have had a
perfectly impartial and unprejudiced disposi-
tion of their affairs.
This, in effect, is to abandon all that, i he
object, the point, is to give the Supreme Court
here more time to sit in bane in the disposi-
tion of causes. They ought to have more time,
I confess. The docket is overloaded ; butm
order to have that time I think we ought to
adopt a proposition offered, I believe, by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.Wltsos] the
substance of which is to increase, so far as
may be necessary, the judges of the Supreme
Court under the same law and the same system
that we have now; so that, while a majority
of that court are sitting here m toe trial ot
causes, some of its members may'be holding
circuit courts in the various States, adjusting
the question who shall hold circuit courts at a
particular time among themselves, according
to their own views of convenience, in that
way we attain, as it seems to me, the whole
ob'ect that is desirable, that of advancing the
cud charter, it seems to me unusual in its
cbaructc.r > tuitl if there be &ny reason, no
reason has been stated in my bearing for grant-
ing such powers to these corporators or to
anybody else. 1 shall vote against the bill;
and 1 think that, receiving the attention of the
Senate, unless some reason exists for it which
has not been stated, a majority of the Senate
will so vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill.
The bill was passed.
THii JCMCI.1L SYSTEM.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move now that the
Senate procced to the consideration of Senate
bill No. "(84.
The motion was agreed to ; anu the senate,
a<* in Commute of the Whole, resumed the
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
fS. No. 7S4) to amend the judicial system ot j
the United States is now before the Senate as j
in Committee of the Whole; and the pending
question is on the amendments reported by the t
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know, Mr. President,
the value of time at this stage of the session,
and I know the natural impatience of ,
body to listen to any debate on almost anvbiU, ,
and bo I promise to he exceedingly brief m the ■
little I have to say upon this /«b.!eot- !
because the question is not one of the greatest ,
importance, but because we have so little time ,
W1 think I said the other day,when the question ;
was up, that this bill proposes to make a radical ;
change in the judicial sy&tem ot the United ,
business in the Supreme Court and of admin-
istering justice speedily and rapidly m the cir-
cuits without displacing a system that has been
in use so long and that has worked so well,
I do not know, sir, and I have not the effront-
ery to suppose that anything I may say wilt
persuade the Senate to overrule the judgment
of the Judiciary Committee upon this point,
but it is a subject of such grave import, inas-
much as we all know that under the Constitu-
tion when you appoint these nme circuit judges
vou cannot remove them or displace them, tttat
1 have felt it to be my duty in the five minutes
that I have occupied to say this much against
the passage of the bill. ,
Mr DRAKE. Mr. President, the question
is now, I believe, upon the amendment pro-
posed by the Committee on the Judiciary as a
substitute for the original bill.
