1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSION AL GLOBE.
307
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
the debts, demands, liabilities, rights, privi-
leges, and powers of the "Second National
Bank of Plattsburgh" shall devolve upon and
inure to the "Vilas National Bank of Platts-
burgh" whenever such change of name is
effected.
Appkoyed, March 1, 1869.
Chap. LIV.—An Act for the Repeal of Ton-
nage Duties on Spanish Vessels.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep -
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act entitled "An
act concerning tonnage duty on Spanish ves-
sels." approved June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-four, and the first, second, and
fourth sections of the act entitled "An act con-
cerning tonnage duty on Spanish vessels,"
approved Jnly thirteenth, eighteen hundred and
thirty-two, be, and they are hereby, repealed;
and that of Spanish vessels coming from any
port or place in Spain or her colonies, where
no discriminating or countervailing duties on
tonnage are levied upon vessels of the United
States, or from any other port or place to and
with which vessels of the United States are
ordinarily permitted to go and trade, there shall
be exacted in the ports of the United States no
other or greater duty on tonnage than is or
shall be exacted of vessels of the United States.
Approved, March 1, 1869.
Chap. LV.—An Act to authorize the Coutity
Commissioners of Ada county, Idaho, to
select a Site for a Territorial Prison.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, .That the county commis-
sioners of the county of Ada, in the Territory
of Idaho, be, and they are hereby, authorized,
under direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
to select a sight upon which to erect a territorial
prison for said Territory.
Approved, March 1, 1869.
Chap. LVI.—An Act amendatory of an
Act entitled "An Act for the Relief of certain
Drafted Men."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America,in
Congress assembled, That so much of the sec-
ond section of an act entitled "An act for the
relief of certain drafted men," approved the
twenty-eighth day of February, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, as provides
that said section "shall apply only to claims
received at the War Department- prior to its
passage,'' be, and the same is hereby, repealed:
Provided, however, That all claims under said
second section of said act shall be presented
and filed within two years from the date of the
final passage of this act and not afterward.
Appkoyed, March 1, 1869.
Chap. LVII.—An Act to allow Deputy Col-
lectors of Internal Revenue acting as Col-
lectors the Pay of Collectors, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That any deputy collector
of internal revenue who has performed, or may
hereafter perform, under authority or require-
ment of law, the duties of collector of internal
revenue in consequence of any vacancy in the
office of such collector, shall be entitled to and
receive so much of the same pay and compen-
sation as is provided by law for such collector ;
but no such payment shall in any case be made
when the collector has received or is entitled
to receive compensation for services rendered
during the same period of time.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That those
persons who held the office of oistillery in-
spector on the second of March, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, and who continued to
perform the duties of that office in ignorance
of the repeal of the statute creating it, be paid
at the rate of five dollars peT day for such time
prior to April first, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, as they were actually employed, the
amounts so paid to be approved by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, and paid out of
the appropriation for assessing and collecting
the internal revenue. -
Approved, March 1, 1869.
Chap. CXXI.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Legislative, Executive, and Judicial
Expenses of the Government for the year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the objects hereinafter
expressed, for the fiscal year ending the thirtieth
of June, eighteen hundred and seventy, namely:
legislative.
Senate.
For compensation and mileage of Senators,
four hundred thousand dollars in addition to
any unexpended balance of appropriation for
that purpose in the Treasury.
For compensation of the officers, clerks,
messengers, and others receiving an annual
salary in the service of the Senate, viz : Secre-
tary of the Senate, four thousand three hun-
dred and twenty dollars; officer charged with
disbursements of the Senate, five hundred and
seventy-six dollars; chief clerk, three thousand
dollars ; principal clerk and principal executive
clerk in the office of Secretary of the Senate,
at two thousand five hundred and ninety-two
dollars each; eight clerks in office of the Sec-
retary of the Senate at two thousand two hun-
dred and twenty dollars each; keeper of the
stationery, two thousand one hundred and two
dollars and forty cents; two messengers, at
one thousand two hundred and ninety six dol-^
lars each ; one page, at seven hundred and
twenty dollars ; Sergeant-at-Arms and Door-
keeper, two thousand four hundred ^dollars ;
assistant doorkeeper, two thousand and forty
dollars; Postmaster to the Senate, two thou-
sand one hundred dollars ; assistant postmaster
and mail-carrier, one thousand seven hundred
and twenty-eight dollars ; two mail boys at one
thousand two hundred dollars each ; superin-
tendent of the document-room, one thousand
eight hundred dollars ; two assistants in docu-
ment-room at one thousand four hundred and
forty dollars each; superintendent of the fold-
ing-room, one thousand eight hundred dollars ;
three messengers, acting as assistant doorkeep-
ers, at one thousand eight hundred dollars
each ; seventeen messengers, at one thousand
four hundred and forty dollars each ; secretary
to the President of the S&nate, two thousand
one hundred and two dollars and forty cents ;
clerk to the-Committee on Finance, two thou-
sand two-hundred and twenty dollars; clerk to
the Committee on Claims, two thousand two
hundred and twenty dollars ; clerk of printing
records, two thousand two hundred and twenty
dollars; clerk to Committee on Appropriations,
two thousand two hundred and twenty dollars ;
superintendent in charge of the furnaces, one
thousand four hundred and forty dollars ; as-
sistant in charge of furnaces, eight hundred
and sixty-four dollars; laborer in charge of
private passages, eight hundred and sixty-four
dollars ; two laborers at eight hundred and
sixty-four dollars each; Chaplain to the Senate,
nine hundred dollars ; one special policeman,
one thousand dollars ; making in all one hun-
dred and one thousand and sixty dollars and
eighty cents.
For contingent expenses of the Senate,
viz:
For stationery and newspapers for seventy-
four Senators, at the rate of one hundred and
twenty-five dollars each per annum, nine thou-
sand two hundred-and fifty dollars.
For stationery, eight thousand dollars.
For clerks to committees, pages, horses and
carryalls, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For expenses of heating and ventilating
apparatus, including coal, wood, and labor,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For plumbing, gas-fitting, and labor, five
thousand dollars'.
For furniture and repairs, ten thousand
dollars.
For additional laborers and messengers,
seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For folding documents and materials, twenty
thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, thirty thousand
dollars.
For packing-boxes for the Senate, ten dol-
lars' worth for each member, seven hundred
and forty dollars: Provided, That all improve-
ments, alterations, additions, and repairs of
the Capitol building shall hereafter be made
by the direction and under the supervision of
the architect of the Capitol extensions, and the
same shall be paid for out of the appropriations
for the said extensions and from no other appro-
priation ; and that no furniture or carpets for
either House shall hereafter be purchased with-
out the written order of the chairman of the
Committee to Audit- and Control the Contin-
gent Expenses of the Senate, for the-Senate,
or without the written order of the chairman
of the Committee on Accounts of the House
of Representatives, for the House.
Capitol Police.
For one captain, two thousand and eighty-
eight dollars; two lieutenants, at one thousand
eight hundred dollars each; thirty privates,
at one thousand five hundred and eighty-four
dollars each; twelve watchmen, at one thou-
sand dpllars each; making, in all, sixty-five
thousand one hundred and sixty dollars, one
half to be paid into the contingent fund of the
House of, Representatives, and the other half
to be paid into the contingent fund of the
Senate.
House of Representatives.
For compensation and mileage of members
of the House of Representatives and Delegates
from Territories, one million five hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For compensation of the officers, clerks,
messengers, and others receiving an annual
salary in the service of the House of Repre-
sentatives, viz: Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, four thousand three hundred and
twenty dollars; chief clerk and one assistant
clerk, at two thousand five hundred and ninety-
two dollars each; twelve assistant clerks,
Librarian and assistant librarian, at two thou-
sand one hundred and sixty dollars each; one
chief messenger, and clerk to the Speaker, at
five dollars and seventy-six cents per day each;
for three messengers, at one thousand four
hundred and forty dollars each ; one messen-
ger in the House Library, one thousand and
ninety-five dollars; one engineer, eighteen
hundred dollars; three assistant engineers, at
one thousand four hundred and forty dollars
each; six firemen, at two dollars and forty
cents each per day ; for clerk to the Committee
of Ways and Means, two thousand five hun-
dred and ninety-two dollars; clerk to Com-
mittee on Appropriations, two thousand five
hundred and ninety-two dollars; clerk to Com-
mittee on Claims, two thousand one hundred
and sixty dollars; Sergeant-at-Arms, two thou-
sand five hundred and ninety-two dollars;
clerk to Sergeant-at-Arms, two thousand five
hundred dollars; clerk to Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, two thousand one hundred and sixty
dollars; messenger to Sergeant-at-Arms, one
thousand four hundred and forty dollars; Door-
keeper, two thousand five hundred and ninety-
two dollars; first assistant doorkeeper, two
thousand five hundred and ninety-two dollars;
