THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
lose by supporting his administration when my
judgment shall be convinced that it is toy plain
and direct duty to do so, either as a private
citizen or as a Representative of the people.
Sir, 1 fully appreciate the argument of a rival
road to divide the trade and perhaps reduce the
cost of transportation both of passengers and
such light freights as could successfully com-
pete with the water transit through the Gulf
of Mexico, between the Atlantic and Pacific
States. At the proper time and with the use
of the proper means that will be all well
enough. Whenever a second road could be
made profitable, or whenever it shall be made
plain and clear that a second lineis an absolute
necessity, there is no reason, or there ought to
be none, why the private capital of the country
could not . and would not build such a road.
Because Congress has already improvidently
added some fifty or sixty million dollars to the
public debt by the issuing of bonds to existing
roads is certainly no good or conclusive reason
why tliey should more than double that amount
to new roads, the present necessity for which
is neither apparent or probable. The system
itself, under any circumstances, is radically
wrong ; and you might just as reasonably de-
sire that the plague should compete with the
cholera in afflicting and decimating mankind
as that the wrongs of this system of govern-
ment aid to private corporations should be
doubled in order that its instruments or crea-
tures should be pitted in competition with each
other.
Mr. Clarke, of Kansas, obtained the floor.
The SPKAKER. The Chair Will state that
the gentleman from Kansas has made an ar-
rangement with the Arkansas delegation that
he shall occupy the floor till quarter before
three o'clock, when the death of Hon. James
IIinds, lute member from Arkansas, will be
announced.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Mr. Speaker,
in what. 1 have to say it will he my purpose to
discuss the bill now before the House. 1 shall not
attempt to follow the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
VanTrcmp] through thegeneral declamation in
which he has indulged against our Pacific rail-
road system. With some of the views he has
so ably presented I entirely agree, while from
much he has said I dissent most emphatically.
Much less, sir, shall I attempt to imitate the
rematkable speech of the gentleman from 1 lli-
nois, [Mr. Washburne,] inadeat the outset of
this debate. Sir, the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wasiiburne] has seen many years of ser-
vice in this House. He has been honored by
its Presiding Officer with the chairmanship oi
one of its most important committees. But,
sir, no length of service, no parliamentary
position here can possibly justify his unbridled
license of statement and misconception of facts
so f.ir as this bill is concerned, i am at a loss
whether to condole with him most on the array
of accusations with which some one has sup-
plied hi in or t he ridiculous errors in to which t hey
have led him. I admire the ambition which
seems to inspire him to be the "watch-dog
of the Treasury," and my desire to see such
a spirit raised to its highest usefulness leaves
me to regret that it should hurl its thunders
blindly against every expenditure, whether it
be a measure of dishonest, or unnecessary ap-
propriation or an expenditure necessary for
the highest interests of the nation. It is one
tiling, sir, to legislate for the public good and
to protect and foster the public welfare, while
it is quite another thing to indulge in unwar-
rantable phillippics and needless declamation.
Supported by facts and sustained by wise
considerations of public policy, the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washbcrne] has often ren-
dered on this floor great service to the country
in resisting schemes of reckless extravagance
and fraud. But, sir, in the discussion of this
bill the gentleman has grown furious at a
phantom, has presented fictions for facts, and
has evidently been made the victim of mis-
placed confidence by some over-zealous and
ignorant opponent of the pending bill.
What are the facts? It is the exact provis-
ions of this bill to which I desire to call the
attention of the House. In the first place, this
bill does not grant a single acre of land beyond
what is granted by existing laws. Let me read
from the amendatory act of July 3, 1866, as
follows, which authorizes the construction of
the road up the valley of the Smoky Hill river:
" That the Union Pacific Railway Company, east-
ern division, is hereby authorized to designate tiie
general route of their said road, and t0 file a maP
thereof, as now required by law, at any time before
the 1st day of December, 1803; and upon the filing 01
said map, showing the general route of said road, the
lands along the entire line thereof, so far as the same
may be designated, shall be reserved from sale by
order of the Secretary of the Interior: Provided,
That said company shall bo entitled to only thesatne
amount of the bonds of the United States to aid in
the construction of their line of railroad and tele-
graph as they would have been entitled to if they
had connected their said line with the Union Pacific
railroad on the one kundredthdesrree of longitude as
now required by law: And provided further, That
said company shall connect their line of railroad and
telegraph with tlio Union P.ieifie railroad, biitnot at
a point more than fifty miles westwardly from the
meridian ot Denver, in Colorado." ,
Now, sir, under this law the land has been
already withdrawn from market for the use of
the eastern division company when they build
the road, extending all the way from the pres-
ent terminus of the road to Denver, and from
thence to the connection with the Omaha line.
Cheyenne is on the Omaha line of the Pacific
railroad, one hundred and six miles north of
Denver ; Cheyenne Wells is on the line of the
eastern division road, fifty-six miles west of
the present terminus of its track, and about
one hundred and fifty miles southeast ofDenver.
This bill extends the subsidy of $10,000 per
mile, and no more, to the Eastern Division Com-
pany from the present terminus of the track to
Cheyenne Wells; and the amendment of the
committee limits the same to fifty-four miles in
all, amounting in the aggregate to $864,000 in
bonds. The attempt of the gentleman from
Illinois to torture this bill into any other mean-
ing is not complimentary, at least, to the intel-
ligence of this House. But what else does this
bill contain? It authorizes the eastern division
coin pany to transfer that part of its lands beyond
Denver to the Denver Pacific Company, in con-
sideration of said company building that part
of the road and giving the eastern division
company perfect running connections as pro-
vided in the original Pacific railroad law. Thus
it will be seen that the two hundred and fifty
miles of road west of Cheyenne Wells is to be
built without any further aid in bonds, and with
the lands already granted.
The privilege of mortgaging that part of the
road that gets nothing but the lands already
granted is given to the two companies, re-
spectively, by the bill—a privilege I suppose
they have already. Now, sir, this is all there
is in this bill. It is fair and honest in all its
provisions, and is in no way liable to the ficti-
tious construction put upon it by the gentle-
man from Illinois. Can it be possible, Mr.
Speaker, that a single member of this House
will vote against this bill because the gentle-
man has sought by violence of denunciation to
give a construction to its provisions entirely
foreign to its language and its objects? I say
again that it does not grant a single acre of
land, and I challenge the gentleman from Illi-
nois to makegood his statement to the contrary.
And now, what are the reasons why this bill
should pass? They are many, and in my judg-
ment such as ought to govern the candid judg-
ment of this House.
Prom time immemorial it has been the pol-
icy of this nation to make judicious expend-
itures on behalf of trade and commerce. Mil-
lions upon millions have been lavished upon
rivers, harbors, and coast works, to insure and
protect the mercantile and commercial inter-
ests of the people. The spirit that condemns
this use of public moneys is alien to the neces-
sities of the country, and hostile to its growth,
prosperity, and wealth. The enterprise which
weds the eastern and western shores of this
continent by a grand thoroughfare which is
destined, in the event of its success, to avenue
the accumulated wealth of ages, and lay its vast
treasures at the feet of our people, is one not
less deserving our encouragement and aid than
those measures which call for the nation's treas-
ure to protect the commerce of'he seas.
The attempt of .the gentleman from Illinois
to prejudice the fate of this bill by alluding to
the origin of the charter upon which the Union
Pacific Railway Company have been building
their line, and stigmatizing the gentlemen who
are connected with it as a'' border-ruffian com-
pany," seems to me unworthy the cause in the
interest whereof he professes to resist the pas-
sage of this measure. It cannot be a matter
of great import that the Legislature which ori-
ginally chartered the Leavenworth, Pawnee,
and Western Company was composed of those
whom he characterizes as "border ruffians."
Pew of the original corporators are now living;
none, I believe, are interested, directly or indi-
rectly, in the present company—a body of
enterprising and practical gentlemen, whose
names are too well known to ask or need defense
from me.
The gentleman cannot be ignorant that the
charter of the Kansas territorial Legislature,
to which he thus refers, covers not more than
one hundred and forty miles of the four hun-
dred and more already completed and in run-
ning order; and it cannot be a matter of serious
concern to the nation that the present company,
which has pushed with unexampled and re-
markable energy this great railway nearly five
hundred miles from the Missouri river toward
the Cordilleras of the Sierra Madre, are the
assignees of men who may have merited the
severe language applied to them by the honor-
able gentleman. It is but charity to believe
that the inflamed and hostile language of the
gentleman reflected the feeling of some irri-
tated litigant with the company, who seeks to
color with his grievances the deliberations of
this body.
It is not to be forgotten that the aid of the
Government has left this company upon the
most barren and sterile point between the
mountains and the Missouri, in the heartof the
" American desert," where it, however, is ren-
dering most signal services to the nation by the
transportation of troops, munitions, and sup-
plies to advanced posts upon our western fron-
tier. Valuable, however, as are its uses to-
day, were the road extended, as they hope by
the passage of this bill to be enabled to extend
it, almost incalculable benefits would inure both
to the Government and to the people.
Thegentlemanfromlllinoisdenouncestheaid
proposed to be extended by this bill as reckless
and extravagant on the part of the Government.
I oppose this statement with the declaration
that it would be worse than recklessness and
extravagance not to pass it, and I will attempt
to prove this assertion to the satisfaction of
the House. On the 2-3thof May, 1808, ihe hon-
orable gentleman from Ohio, [Mb. Garfield.]
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
to whom was referred a lotter from the ."Secre-
tary of War, inclosing a letter of Lieutenant
General Sherman, dated March 4,1868, recom-
mending Government aid to extend the Union
Pacific railway, eastern division, as a military
necessity and a measure of public economy,
submitted a report unanimously concurred in
by the committee, a portion of which 1 send
to the Clerk's desk, and ask to have read.
The Clerk read as follows :
" That they have carefully considered the state-
ments therein made, and have found thein confirmed
by the following facts, drawn from official record.
The cost to the Government tor transportation on
theUnion Pacific railway, eastern division. inlS67.
was..   $511,9u8 24
If the military supplies had been wag-
oned and the mailscarried bystageand
the troops inarched, (taking the average
rates atwhicli the Government madeits
transportation contracts for that year,
as shown by certificates of the depart-
ments of the Quartern aster General and
Postmaster General,) the cost would
have been......     1,358,291 00
Saving to the Government in 1867..
6,382 8J
"At this rate of saving all theUnited States bonds
issued in aid of this road, principal and interest,
would be extinguished in less than four years.
