1484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. DBARE. I moveto amend the amend-
ment of the committee by substituting what I
send to the Chair.
The Chief Ct.ebk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment by striking out all after the
first word, ('that," and inserting the following:
The SoprcHieCourtshaU. consist of a Chief Justice
of the United States and fourteen associate justices.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the districts
of Maine, New Hampshire, and Vermont shall con-
stitute the first circuit; that the districts of Massa-
chusetts, Connecticut, and Rhode Island shall con-
stitute the second circuit; that the districts of New
York shall constitute the third circuit; that thedis-
tricts of Pennsylvania apd New Jersey shall consti-
tute thefo'urth circuit; that the districts of Delaware,
Maryland, and Virginia shall constitute tbo fifth
circuit; that the districts of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, and Florida shall constitute the
sixth circuit; that the districts of Alabama, Louisi-
ana, and Texas shall constitute the seventh circuit;
that the districts of Kentucky, Tennessee, and Mis-
sissippi shall constitute the eighth circuit; that the
districts of Ohio and West Virginia shall constitute
the ninth circuit; that the districts of Indiana and
Illinois shall constitute the tenth circuit; that the
districts of Michigan and Wisconsin shall constitute
the eleventh circuit; thatihedistrictsoflowa, Min-
nesota, and Nebraskashall constitute the twelfth cir-
cuit; that the districts of Missouri, Kansas, and Ar-
kansas shall constitute tbo thirteenth circuit; that
the districts of California, Oregon, and Nevada shall
constitute the fourteenth circuit.
Sec. 3. And be i/fur/hcr eri«e;ec/,Thatthc Chief Jus-
tice andsoven associate justices, to boannuaUy drawn
by lot, shall hold oue term annually at the seat of
Government, and such adjourned and special terms
as they may find neoessary for the dispatch of tlio
business of said court; and the associate justices not
drawn to hold the term of said court at the seat of
Government shall annually hold one term in each
circuit, and such adjourned and special terms as the
business of the soveral oirouits may require.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, the amend-
ment which I have offered to the pending
amendment of the Committee on the Judiciary
is a bill presented some time since by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] con-
templating a complete reorganization of the
Supreme Court. I regret exceedingly that the
Committee on the Judiciary should not have
regarded that proposition with favor, for I am
of opinion that it is altogether the best organ-
ization of that court that has yet been devised.
It prevents the court from becoming, as the
tendencyof it is to become, a stereotyped con-
cern. It sends the judges, or half of them, out
every other year among the people to try causes
at nisi prim; gives them that experience in
the trial of causes without which, iu my opin-
ion, the court has not the efficiency and value
that it would have with it. I desire very much
that the Senate should give to this proposition
more consideration than seems to have been
given to it. The idea of changing the elements
of the court, the composition of it from year
to year, seems to me to be one of value, just
exactly as it is of value to the country to change
the elements composing the Congress of the
United States from term to term. It seems to
me, in every light in which I can view it, that
it is a better arrangement of the court than
that which is proposed by the Committee on
the Judiciary; and I hope that the amendment
which I have moved will be adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I shall
not take up any considerable portion of the
time of the Senate in discussing the amend-
ment reported by the committee or that offered
by the Senator from Missouri, but I should like
to have the attention of theSenatelongenough
to make a statement in regard to these matters.
Some change in the judicial system is neces-
sary for two reasons. In the first place the
business of the Supreme Court is so large that
under the present system it cannot be trans-
acted within a reasonable time. I have had
prepared, and have now before me, a statement
showing the number of causes in that court for
the last twenty years. I shall nottake up time
by reading it, but suffice it to say to the Senate
that this statement shows that more cases have
been commenced and docketed at each term
of the court for several years past than have
been disposed of by the court. For instance,
in 1867 one hundred and ninety-two causes
were docketed and one hundred and sixty-eight
were disposed of. There were on the docket
when the court assembled in December, 1867,
two hundred and forty-six cases. There were
added of new causes one hundred and ninety-
two, making four hundred and thirty-eight
cases which were upon the docket at the De-
cember term of 1867, of which the court dis-
posed of one hundred and sixty-eight, leaving
the docket larger at the adjournment of that
term than at its commencement. In 1868 two
hundred and seventy causes remained over to
the December term of that year, and one hun-
dred and seventy-three causes have been dock-
eted during the present term, making four
hundred and forty-three cases upon the docket
for this term. Of these only eighty have thus
far been disposed of. The court will continue
in session a month or two longer, and will
probably dispose of peril,aps eighty more.
Thus it will be seen that the docket is accu-
mulating, and it takes from two to three years
to reach a case upon the docket. Senators will
observe that not a single case that was dock-
eted in 1867 will be reached in all probability
at the present term of the court. This is an
evil that needs a remedy. Everybody, I sup-
pose, agrees to this. There is no dispute
about it.
There is another reason for some legislation.
We have in the United States now something
like fifty judicial districts. There is one in
each State, and in several States there are two
districts, and in one three ; so that there are
probably about fifty judicial districts in the
United States at this time. There is a great
pressure for more. The district courts are
crowded and over-crowded : the business can-
not be done. The United States laws cannot
be enforced within a reasonable time in many
of the judicial districts of the country, and
numerous petitions have been sent to Congress
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
asking for the division of districts. This will
be inevitable unless we provide some relief,
because the business is accumulating under
the banking law and under our internal reve-
nue system to such an extent that we must
have greater facilities for transacting it.
These considerations led the Committee on
the Judiciary to attempt to devise some plan of
relief; and several plans were proposed, sev-
eral bills introduced and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The Senator from Vermont regards it as a
great desideratum to have the justices of the
highest court in the country hold circuit courts
and become familiar with the practice in the
different parts of the country ; and so the Sen-
ator from Missouri thinks, and so I agree. I
think, Mr. President, the present judicial sys-
tem of ihe United States is the best we could
have if it were practicable to the business ; but
the trouble is that the country is so large and
the business has so increased that it is impos-
sible that the justices of the Supreme Court
should be able to perform the necessary circuit
duties throughout the different States of the
Union unless you increase them to.such a num-
ber as we think would be objectionable.
It was thought by the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and I think it is the prevailing opinion
of the profession throughout the country, that
the Supreme Court ought not to consist of more
than nine judges. If you have a numerous
body of judges it becomes then more like a
legislative body; the sense of personal respons -
ibilit.y is not felt, and each judge will not in-
vestigate for himself each case; and in fact it
becomes impossible to do it when the number
of cases is so large as it is in the United States.
No one judge can do it unless he devotes his
whole time to it. It was therefore not thought
best to increase the number of justices of the
Supreme Court to the extent which would be
necessary if they are to perform the requisite
circuit duty throughout the United States. Still
it was desirable to connect them as far as prac-
tically it eonld be done with the circuit system;
and hence the bill which the Committee on the
Judiciary have reported requires the justices of
the Supreme Court at least once in two years to
go into each district in their respective circuits.
It does-not require them, it is true, to- remain
any particular length of time; but they are to
go into each district once in two years, and of
course will hold the courts to some extent. It
is intended to relieve the justices of the Su-
preme Court partially from the circuit duties
they now perform, in order that tlicy may have
more time to devote to their duties as a Su-
preme Court, and be able to dispose of the
business which is accumulating in that court.
So wo have tried to preserve the present sys-
tem as far as practicable. Now, the Senator
from Missouri suggests another bill which was
introduced by theSenalor from Massachusetts
and was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. That proposition is to increase the
number of justices of the Supreme Court to
fifteen—fourteen associates and one Chief Jus-
tice—and to require them to perform circuit
duties; to provide in the law that seven of
those justices of the Supreme Court, with the
Chief Justice, shall hold the Supreme Court,
the seven to be drawn by lot. There are two
objections to that proposition which had force
with the Committee oi the Judiciary, and in-
duced them not to adopt the bill. One is of
a constitutional character.
I shall not take up time further than to state
it, because if we are to debate this bill at length
we shall accomplish nothing, and it is very de-
sirable that something should be accomplished.
The constitutional objection is this ; the Con-
stitution of the United States provides that
the judicial power shall be vested in one Su-
preme Court and such inferior courts as the
Congress may ordain and establish.
It is insisted that these justices of the Supreme
Court, if they are justices of the Supreme
Court, constitute, the whole of them, one
court; and whenever there is Supreme Court
duty to perform, each of those justices has a
right to participate in the decisions that are to
be made by the Supreme Court. It is under-
stood as a traditional fact that has been handed
down, and which I have heard from sources
which I believe entitled to credit, that when
the Supreme Court was first organized the
question was regarded as one by no means
clear that any circuit duties could be required
of judges of the Supreme Court. The judges,
however, did perform circuit duties—yielded
to that requirement of the law; but it was
thought to be a question of very great doubt
whether the judges of the Supreme Court, which
is a constitutional court, to be organized, of
course, by Congress, could be required to per-
form circuit duties as well as to constitute the
Supreme Court; and it is now regarded by
many as a very serious question whether you
can create fifteen judges of the Supreme Court
and then provide by law that only eight of
those judges shall at any time take part in a
decision. What right has the Legislature to
say that one judge more than another shall
participate in the decisions of that court of
which he is a member?
But whether there be force in this or not—-
and, as I said, I shall not take up the time of
the Senate in arguing the question further than
to state it, because if we are to enter into a
general discussion we shall accomplish noth-
ing—there is another objection to this system
which is of a practical character, and I think a
very serious objection, waiving the constitu-
tional objection. Nothing is more important
in the administration of justice than to have it
stable and fixed. Upon a great many ques-
tions it is better even that the decision should
be wrong than to have it variable. To have
the law uncertain is one of tl'e worst of evils.
Now, if you have a court ot fifteen judges,
eight of whom are to sit together, and a new
element to come in each year, as suggested by
the Senator from Missouri, your decisions will
be unstable. Eight judges meet to-day, five
of whom will constitute a quorum and make a
decision. The next year, instead of those
eight judges, you have seven others, and four
of those seven may unite with two dissent-
ing judges of the year before, and you will
have a different rale established. What pro-
tection is there to property when one rule of
