308
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
40th Cong 3d Sess.
Laws of the Umted States.
Postmaster, two thousand fire hundred and
ninety-two dollars; first assistant postmaster,
two thousand and eighty-eight dollars: four
.messengers, at one thousand seven hundred
and twenty-eight dollars each; two mail boys,
at one thousand and eighty dollars each; Chap-
lain of the House, nine hundred dollars ; two
stenographers, four thousand three hundred
and eighty dollars each; superintendent of.
folding-room, two thousand one hundred and
sixty dollars; superintendent and assistant of
the document-room, at five dollars and seventy-
six cents per day each; eleven messengers, five
at eighteen hundred dollars, and six at four-
teen hundred and forty dollars each; twelve
messengers during the session, at the rate of
fourteen hundred and forty dollars each per
annum; making, in all, the sum of one hun-
dred. and thirty-eight thousand six hundred
and sixty-seven dollarsProvided, That of
the twelve assistant, clerks the two designated
as reading clerks of the House pf Represent-
atives shall receive an annual salary each, be-
ginning with the present Congress, of twenty-'
five hundred and ninety-two 'dollars.
For contingent expenses of the House of
Representatives, viz:
For cartage, three thousand eight hundred
dollars.
For clerks to committees, and temporary
clerks of the House of Representatives, thirty-
two thousand two hundred and thirty-two
dollars.
For folding documents, including materials,
thirty-seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For fuel and lights, including plumbing, gas-
fitting, repairs, and materials, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For horses and carriages for the transporta-
tion of mails and for the use of messengers,
ten thousand dollars.
For laborers, eight thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items," thirty-five thousand
dollars. *
For packing-boxes for members of the House
of Representatives, ten dollars' worth for each
Member and Delegate, twenty-two hundred and
sixty dollars.
For newspapers and stationery for two hun-
dred and thirty-three Members and Delegates,
at one hundred and twenty-five dollars each
per annum, twenty-nine thousand one hundred
and twenty-five dollars.
For twenty pages for the floor of the House
and three riding pages, at the rate of two dol-
lars per day while actually employed, eleven
thousand two hundred and seventy dollars. -
For stationery, ten thousand dollars.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
For compensation of the Congressional
Printer, and the clerks and messengers in his
office, twelve thousand five hundred and four-
teen dollars.
For contingent expenses of his office, viz:
For stationery, postage, advertising, furni-
ture, traveling expenses, horses, and wagons,
and miscellaneous items, fifteen hundred dol-
lars.
For the public printing, four hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For paper for the public printing, four hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For the public binding, three Jiundred- thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That all blank-books
and binding shall be made and done at the
Government bindery; and all payments of
public money for Government printing or bind-
ing not done at the Government Printing Office
according to the provisions of the act of July
twentieth, eighteen, hundred and sixty-eight,
shall not be allowed by the accounting officers
of the Government: Provided further, That no
proposition for printing extra copies of public
documents, the expense of which shall exceed
the sum of five hnndred dollars, shall be con-
sidered by either House of Congress until the
same shall have been referred to the joint Com-
mittee on Printing, and ordered by concurrent
resolution of the two Houses.
For lithographing and engraving for the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, eighty-five
thousand dollars.  
LIBRARY OF CONGRESS. ,
For compensation of the Librarian, two thou-
sand five hundred and ninety-two dollars.'
For three assistant librarians, at two- thou-
sand one hundred and "sixty dollars each, six
thousand four hundred and eighty dollars. ■
For two assistant librarians, one at one
thousand two hundred dollars, and one at nine
hundred and sixty dollars, two thousand one
hundred and sixty dollars.
For one messenger, one thousand seven
hnndred arid twenty-eight dollars.
For three laborers, at eight hundred and
sixty-four dollars each, two .thousand five hun-
dred and ninety-two dollars.
, For three assistant librarians, at fourteen
hundred and forty dollars each, four thousand
three hundred and twenty dollars. -
For contingent expenses of said Library, two
thousand dollars'.
For purchase of books for said Library, eight
thousand dollars.
For purchase of law books for said Library,
two thousand dollars. ~
For purchase of files of periodicals and
newspapers, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For Botanic Garden, grading, draining, pro-
curing manure, tools, fuel, and repairs, and
purchasing trees and shrubs, under the direc-
tion of the Library Committee of Congress,
five thousand dollars. 1
For paving the main walk through the
grounds of the Botanic Garden with some uni-
form and durable material, five thousand
dollars.
For pay of superintendent and assistants in
Botanic Garden and green-houses, under the
direction' of the Library Committee of Con-
gress, eleven thousand two hundred and ninety-
six dollars and ninety-six cents. 1
■ For expenses of exchanging public docu-
ments for the publications of foreign Govern-
ments, one thousand five hundred dollars.
PUBLIC BUILDINJJS AND GROUNDS.
For clerk in the office of public buildings,
on^thousand two hundred dollars.
For messenger in the same office, eight hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For compensation, to the public gardener,
one thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation to the laborer in charge
of the water-closets in the Capitol, seven hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of a foreman and twenty-
one laborers employed in the public grounds,
nineteen thousand two hundred and ninety-six
dollars.
For compensation of four laborers in the
Capitol, two thousand eight hundred and
eighty dollars.
For compensation of furnace-keeper under
the old Hall of the House of Representatives,
eight hundred and sixty-four dollars.
For compensation of furnace-keeper at the
President's House, seven hundred and twenty
dollars.
For two policemen at the President's House,
two thousand six hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of two watchmen at the
President's House, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
For compensation of the doorkeeper at the
President's House, one thousand dollars.
For compensation of assistant doorkeeper
at the President's House, six hundred dollars.
For compensation of two draw-keepers at
the bridge across the eastern branch of the
Potomac, and for fuel, oil, and lamps, one
thousand six hundred dollars.
For watchman in Franklin square, six hun-
dred dollars.
For compensation of the person in charge
of the heating apparatus of the Library of
Congress, one thousand dollars.
For electrician of the Capitol, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
For compensation of watchmen in reserva-
tion number two, three thousand dollars.
For compensation of draw-keepers at the
Potomac bridge, and for fuel, oil, and lamps,
seven thousand five hundred and seventy
dollars.
COURT OP CLAIMS.
For salaries of five judges of the Court of
Claims, the chief clerk and assistant clerk,
bailiff, and messenger thereof, twenty-six
thousand eight hundred dollars.
For compensation of attorneys to attend to
taking testimony, witnesses, and commission-
ers, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For stationery, books, fuel, laborers' hire,
and other contingent and miscellaneous ex-
penses, three thousand dollars.
For payment of judgments which may be
rendered by the court in favor of claimants,
one hundred thousand dollars.
EXECUTIVE.
For compensation of the President of the
United States, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For compensation of the Vice President of
the United States, eight thousand dollars.
For compensation of secretary to sign pat-
ents for public lands, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For compensation to the Private Secretary,
assistant secretary, (who shall be a short-hand
writer,) two clerks of fourth class, steward,
and messenger of the President of the United
States, twelve thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the executive
office, including stationery therefor, four thou-
sand dollars.
DEPARTMENT OF STATE.
For compensation of the Secretary of State,
two Assistant Secretaries of State, for chief
clerk, eight clerks of class four, additional to
one clerk of class four as disbursing clerk,
eight clerks of class three, three clerks of class
two, three clerks of class one, one messenger,
one assistant messenger, and seven laborers,
fifty-eight thousand one hundred and forty dol-
lars: Provided, That the pay of any messen-
ger in either of the departments, executive or
judicial, of the Government, employed during
the whole year, shall be eight hundred and
forty dollars per annum, and no more; and the
pay of any assistant messenger employed as
aforestated shall be seven hundred dollars per
annum, and no more; and the pay of all labor-
ers and watchmen,-(whether night or day,)
employed as aforestated. shall be seven hnn-
dred and twenty dollars per annum, and no
more.
For the Incidental and Contingent Expenses
of the Department of State.
For publishing the laws in pamphlet form
arid in newspapers of the States and Terri-
tories, and in the city of Washington, forty
thousand dollars.
• For proof reading, and packing the laws and
documents for the various legations and con-
sulates, including boxes and transportation of
the same, three thousand dollars.
For stationery, blank-books, furniture, fix-
tures, and repairs, three thousand five hundred
dollars;
For miscellaneous items, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
B'or copper-plate printing, books, and maps,
five thousand dollars.
For extra clerk hire and copying, five thou-
sand dollars.
For the general purposes of the Building occu-
pied by the State Department.
For compensation of four watchmen and two
laborers of the building, four thousand three
hundred and twenty dollars.
