1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1485
law is to be promulgated one year by the high-
est tribunal in the land and another the next?
Nobody is safe in Ins rights where the decisions
are liable to be varied in this way, as they will
be. There is scarcely a term of the court that
there are not more or less divisions of opinion
upon the bench. Some cases at this very term
have been affirmed on an equal division of
opinion between the eight judges who are now
piesiding.
1 think that this would lead to very great
practical evil. Whenever a decision is pro-
mulgated by the Supreme Court of the United
States upon a right of property, upon a ques-
tion involving a title to property, that should
be the fixed and settled rule upon which every
citizen in the land might act, and he should
not run the hazard of having that decision
overturned by a new court the next year.
Slaredccisis—standby your decision—isa prin-
ciple that should not be lightly departed from.
In fact it. should not be departed from so far
as rules of property are concerned. I say
"never;"' it must be a most extraordinary
case that would justify it. With regard to rules
of practice and questions not involving title to
property, or the rules that are to regulate tTtle
to property, a variation of decision is not so
important. This was regarded by the commit-
tee as a very great objection to the amendment
which the Senator from Missouri has proposed.
And after considering all these bills, believing
that something was necessary to be done, a
majority of the committee united in the prop-
osition now before the Senate. It did not meet
the approbation of my friend from Vermont,
which I exceedingly regretted; for I should
have been very glad if we could have had the
united cooperation of all the members of the
committee. That, however, it was found im-
possible to obtain upon any one of the bills
that were submitted; and after considering this
matter as best we could, believing that some-
thing ought to be done, the Committee on the
Judiciary adopted the amendment which is now
pending before the (Senate and which I hope
the Senate will ratify, and that we may afford
this desired relief both in the Supreme Court
and in the various districts throughout the
country.
Lest I should provoke debate, or take up too
much time and lose everything, I will say noth-
ing more upon the bill unless it shall be neces-
sary in answer to the suggestions of others.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, the Senator
from 111 i nots. by way of co m men di ng the amen d-
ment of the committee to the Senate, goes into
a somewhat statistical statement with regard
to the accumulation of business in the Supreme
Court. I am rather surprised that the honor-
able Senator thinks that that statement makes
for his case, for it is under the very description
of examination which the amendment ot the
committee now proposes to perpetuate, that
this accumulation of business has arisen in that
court. It. arose there during the time when the
court was composed exactly as the amendment
of the Committee on the Judiciary proposes
now to have it composed again, for it is only
about two years ago, or less than two years,
since the act was passed which left that court
with eight members instead ot nine. I do not
see what is the object, what can be the induce-
ment to perpetuate a system which has thus
been from year to year allowing the business
of the court to accumulate.
Now, contrast that system of eighty nine
judges performing circuit duty and Supreme
Court duty both with that which will exist n
you have fourteen associates and the Chiet
Justice, seven of which associates are to be
holding the court here all tuc time and the othei
seven out on the circuits. I say that in the
judgment of competent lawyers it is considered
the next thing to certain that in a very short
time, with this reorganization ot the court, the
docket, of the court will be cleared and you
could hi'ar lit evory term the cases that come
up at that term. The judges of the court can
?it here all the time then. _ Seven associates,
with the Chief Justice, can sit here all the tun®
and conduct their business to a termination
immediately. Now they have to abandon the
fcoori in bane in order to go out upon the cir-
cuits. It is to get rid of this accumulation, now
numbering at the beginning of this term nearly
four hundred cases on that docket, that I desire
to Bee the system proposed originally by the
Senator from Massachusetts adopted.
But, sir, the Senator from Illinois objects to
this system upotl the ground of a question as
to its constitutionality. Well," Mr. President,
what do we find when we eome to look into
that ? That the Constitution provides for noth-
ing in connection with the organization of the
Supreme Court but the fact that there shall be
such a court, and that the judges shall hold
during good behavior. Independently of these
two things the Constitution says not a word
about the organization of the court. The
whole was left to Congress—the number of
judges, how many should constitute a quo-
rum—all left to Congress. Is it possible that
when you come to the point of saying where
and when certain of the judges shall sit in that
court, and where and when certain of them
shall not sit there, the constitutional power of
Congress falls and is exhausted? If that be
so, then I have not read the Constitution cor-
rectly. The gentleman asks what right has
Congress to say which of the judges shall par-
ticipate in the decisions of that court? I ask
the gentleman in return what right has Con-
gress to prescribe any duties for any judge of
that court at all if it has not the right to pre-
scribe a duty that will call him to a distant cir-
cuit at the time that the others are performing
duty upon the bench here in banc?
But, sir, the Senator from Illinois is appre-
hensive that there will be instability in the de-
cisions, and he puts the extremely improbable
ease that the court will be composed this year,
say of seven associate justices, and that not
one of those associates will be on the bench the
next year, but that there will be an entirely dif-
ferent set. Sir, when they are to be drawn by
lot that is about as inconceivable as that the
man who buys one ticket in a lottery of ten
thousand tickets will draw the highest prize.
Mr. President, I do not know that this at-
tempt to introduce a beneficial reform in that
court can be at all successful. Still I was
determined that I would not let the opportunity
pass without endeavoring to bring about a reor-
ganization of that court upon a basis which I
believe would be to'the lasting benefit of this
country in all the departments of the national
judiciary.
I trust, sir, notwithstanding the odds of run-
ning against the decision of the Committee on
the Judiciary, that this system may yet receive
the sanction of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall occupy but a mo-
ment. I wish to say one word in reply to my
friend from Illinois on the subject of the prac-
tical relief that it is supposed by him this meas-
ure will give to the Supreme Court here. His
bill provides that the judges shall go once in
two years, I believe it is, to each one of the
districts and hold court. That is the law now.
as I understand it, substantially, and yet we all
know, as a matter of fact and practice, that
with the time they sit here already they do not
do it ; and [ assume that the reason js because
they have not the time to do it. Now, then,
are we to avoid the difficulty that I suggested
about their not going among the people to ad-
minister iustice under this law? The practical
result will be—and my friend from Illinois
must feel it—that if those eight gentlemen do
sit here, so few of them, with the chances ot
illness and &I1 that sort of things enoogh
1! to keep up with their calendar from year to
■i year they will not be seen once in ten years m
ij the districts of the United States holding cir-
M cuit court. Thev cannot do it.
it The practical difficulty is, that eight men, as
the business is now situated, are not snthcient
to dispose of the business that there is here.
That is the great practical difficulty about the
calendar in the Supreme Court. Of coarse,
with only eight judges or with nine judges, eaoh
judge is obliged to decide and dispose of one
ninth of the whole -e&lendar. All the judges
are obliged, or do practically where they ait in
banc, and they ought to if they are here, to sit
all the time and hear arguments, instead of
dividing up the work, and some of the judges
working in their chambers at Opinions while
others are hearing causes. That is frequently
doneunderthe English system; butthe.praetiee
has not been so here. So that I very much
fear that if we pass this bill we shall find our-
selves with the nine circuit judges hurrying up
business, if possible, faster than it comes here
now, -jvith only the satire number of gentlemen,
physically incapable of hearing and disposing
of those causes.
Now, it does seem to me if tfe are to enter
upon this thing, which we cannot take back—
that is one peculiarity of this kind of legisla-
tion, -we cannot repeal it next year if it does
not suit us—we ought to enter upon it on some
plan that will hold out a very strong prospect
of accomplishing the end in view. Think of
it: it is only a year or two ago that the same
committee in this body reported an entirely
different bill in order to relieve the judicial
business of the United States, and I believe it
passed the Senate. It did not pass the House.
Where is the gentleman now who would piiss
that same bill ? The experience, if you- can
call it experience, of two years—the reflec-
tion of two years, more properly speaking—
I think has satisfied a large majority of the
gentlemen who supported that bill that it was
not the -best thing after all) and that it is
much better that it did not pass. I very araeh
fear that this new experiment, for it is a new
experiment, will meet with the same misfor-
tune if it comes to be a law. Why not, then,
Mr. President, keeping up the system, keep-
ing up the theory, standing as my friend says,
by the course of jurisprudence—quoting his
own model of stare decisus, stare judicen—why
not stand by the judges and the system as our
fathers found it and as we have found by
experience the best system that we have ever
tried or any other country has ever tried, and
if it requires more work to do the business of
the courts of the United States, as it does,
then appoint more judges of the very same
kind and the same character that you have
now? That is the proposition of the Senator
from Missouri.
One word as to the constitutional suggestion
of my friend from Illinois. I listened with
great attention to his observations, but I failed
to discover that it was his opinion that there
was any constitutional difficulty. I think I did
not misunderstand my friend when, in listening
to his remarks, I came to the conclusion that
he was advancing the argument of somebody
else and not defending the convictions of liia
own mind. I think he stated it as a question.
Well, sir, it is a question. Everything is a
question which is not determined; but that I
. mast confess to my friend, with my humble
1 learning in the law, is one of the least difficult
' to decide of any that was ever presented to me.
Why, sir, if every judge who composes the
court has the right to be present when a cause
is to be heard and decided all the rest must bo
bound to wait for him if he is siek. _He must be
there. You turn the eourt at once into a jury,
and you must have the whole twelve present
, every moment of the time in order to make a
i decision valid. That will not do. The court,
I as my friend well said, is one single body. 11
! is true it is composed of many members, as
| the scriptural phrase is, but the body is there
I although some of the members may be per-
! forming functions that belong to those par-
! tioular members in another place. There is
I the organized body, just as we are an organized
! body. Every Senator has a right to be here ;
but if he happens to be cast into jail for some
; offense, or if I should happen to be—it would
i be offensive to suggest it. as to any other Sen-
| ator-or happen to be absent, the body goes
i on. My friend from New York [Mr. ^okk-
i lixg] suggests a still better illustration, ihe
<i Chief Justice comes here, as the Coastitu*
