1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
533
" These are the results of the use by the Govern-
meru of the finished portion of the road in Kansas |
in toe List year.
" I)i regard lo the extension of the road beyond tho \
point ia Kausas at which its subsidy ends, tho com- ■
mittce find that there are three regiments of troops j
in New Mexico, (uvoof infantry and one of cavalry,) f
nearly ail of the supplies for which are wagoned j
from the end of the Kansas Pacific railway at a cost j
ot $1 28 per hundred pounds per hundred miles. At
the present freight rates of the railway, as obowu by
their printed schedule, the saving in transportation
on thesesupplies to Albuquerque.on theRioGrandc,
a central distributing point in Now Mexico, would
bo pur annum $831,880. We have ascertained that
tho additional saving to the Government in the
transportation to Albuquerque of the mails, troops,
and Indian supplies would bo §231,002. Total annual
savin?, $1,083,872.
" But there is another consideration of economy m
the public expenditure as the result of constructing
the road. LioutenantGeneral Sherman has testified
that -me half of the military force in New Mexico
c mid be dispensed with if the road was constructed,
owing to the greater mobility of the remainder and
the growth of self-protecting settlements on tho line
of the r« id. As his estimate of the coot of maintain-
ing the two regiments of infantry and one of cavalry
was about four million dollars a year, the committee
find th itau additional savins to the Government of
§>,000,000 annually would thus be effected by the
road. This savin?, added to the saving in the trans-
portation of the diminished military force that would
be leit in New Mexico and of the supplies to main-
tain them, including the carriage of the mails and
Indian goods and supplies would, in less than six
years, reimburse the entire loan necessary to extend
the road from its present terminus to thellio Grande."
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, There can be
no mistake, Mr. Speaker, about these signifi-
cant facts presented by the Committee on
Military Affairs. They come to us authenti-
cated by a committee of this House, and, over-
whelmingly relating the statements made by
the opponents of this bill, show to the House
and to the country that we will be unmindful
of true economy if we deliberately refuse to
encourage an enterprise which in reality is
daily saving vast sums to the Government.
If this bill is not passed, more money will be
taken from the Treasury next year, and every
year thereafter, by $94,000 than heretofore,
and I challenge a contradiction of the fact.
Last year the Government transportation on
route No. 2, beyond the present end of the
track to New Mexico, as stated by General
Easton, of the quartermaster general's de-
pal tment, was over 20,000,000 pounds or
10,000 tons. The above 10,000 tons carried
over the 5-4 miles for which this bill gran's
aid would cost, at the railroad tariff, 10^
cents per ton per mile, which would amount
to $58,800. The United States mails carried
over the same distance at contract rates by
railroad, $150 per mile per annum, amounts
to $8,100.
The United States troops carried last year
numbered 6,225 over an average of 173 miles
of road, equivalent to 2,692 taken to the end
of track, which is 400 miles. The cost ot trans-
portation of these troops on the 5i miles to be
constructed would amount to $12,123. Total
amount of Government transportation on the
54 miles, $78,523, of which the Government
would pay the railroad company under the
present law but one half, or $o9,202.
Now, if these supplies should continue to be
transported by wagons over the 51 miles, the
mails carried by stage, and the troops marched,
I estimate the cost as follows: Government
freights, 10.000 tons, at 28^ cents per ton per
mile, $153,300 5 United States mails, at $213
per mile per annum, $13,122. The saving by
transportation of 2,092 troops by railroad is
estimated at one third the cost of marching
the said troops: so that this saving would be
one half of $12,123, or $6,0G2. From this
statement the following facts are shown : the
total cost under the present system would be
$184,667. If the railroad were constructed
the actual outlay of the Government would be
$39,202. The yearly; retrenchment on exist-
ing Government business over this 54 miles
would be $145,405. Total aid in Government
bonds, $864,000. Interest at six per cent.,
$51,840. Yearly savins to the Government
ovf-'r the interest, $03,505; which would wipe
out the entire principal of the Government
loan in less than eight years, leaving foi the
twenty-two years thereafter, until the bonds
mature, $93,565 yearly to the Government of
the United States. This sum placed at inter-
est by the Government would yield over five
million dollars by the time the bonds will be-
come due. It is with such facts as these with I
which I oppose the inaccurate statements of I
the gentleman from Illinois. !
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the j
gentleman has referred to me, I would like him ,
to yield to me for a moment. j
Mr. CLAKKE, of Kansas, I yield for a :
question,
Mr. WASI1BURNE, of Illinois. What I
desired was to show the House the enormous
rates of freight which this company is exact-
ing from the Government of the United States,
and how much absolutely (he Government has
to pay, which I undertake to pay is more than
it would cost to haul the freight by teams.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Mr, Speaker,
that does not meet the question. This is not
a question of fares of freight for the people.
On the question of reduction of rates I agree
with the gentleman. I have given the exact
rates of freight winch the Go vera mentis charged
for the transportation of troops and mails;
and I say that these rates, from the official
record, show a vast reduction upon what is
paid by the quartermaster's department by con-
tract at the present time for Government wagon
transportation. I repeat that a comparison of
the prices paid under the two modes of trans-
portation shows that the sum of $145,405 would
be saved in one year by the Government upon
existing business if the remaining fifty four
miles ot this road were constructed and in
running order.
Mr. WASUBURNE, of Illinois. If the road
had not been built there would have been no
necessity for these expenditures. The con*
stiuction ot' the road lias stirred up these Indian
wais and necessitated these vast expenses.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I willhave some-
thing to say about that by and by. I suppose
the gentleman from Illinois, as little as he
admits upon this floor, will concede the fact
that the business of tin* Government in future
years over thi«* great line of communication
will increase and not, diminish ; and while the
statement I make to-day is based upon the
business of the last year, and shows the fact
that $145,405 was actually saved by the Gov-
ernment, 1 do not hesitate to say that the busi-
ness of the Government for the present year,
when eight thousand troops are operating upon
the plains against, hostile Indians, will be once,
twice, and even three times as great as hereto-
fore.
Mr. Speaker, I have learned for the first
time, from thegen'Ieman from Illinois to-day,
that the construction of these roads is regarded
by anybody as the sole cause of Indian hostili-
ties and increasing the cost of Army trans-
portation upon our frontiers. 1 deny that
assumption, and will remind the Ilonse ot
the fact that the expressed opinions of every
one of our military commanders—Grant, Sher-
man, Sheridan, Ilaneoek, and others—are
contradictory to that of the gentleman. But
these estimates are made on the single item of
transportation, and the figures are taken from
official sources. If we calculate the time re-
quired to transport the troops; if we take note
of the increased efficiency of the Army; it we
remember the fact that the mere existence of
the railroad goes far to prevent the recurrence
of Indian hostilities; and if members of this
House would analyze the vast expenditures
of the Interior and War Departments on our
western plains, they would most readily see
that the figures I have presented do not actu-
ally exhibit the real saving to the public Treas-
ury by the construction of this road,
I think it is safe to say that there are at this
moment not less than eight thousand troops in
the vicinity and on the line of this road operat-
ing against the hostile Indian tribes ana pro-
tecting the vast commerce of the plains and the
rich mineral regions beyond, all of whom draw
their supplies by this line of communication.
If our Pacific railroad system were so far
completed as is contemplated by this bill one
half of these troops at least would be relieved
S from duty, and an expense of not less than
$5,000,000 saved to the Government in a single
year. Moresagaeious than thegeuileman from
Illinois, and more mindful ofthe public welfare
and the public Treasury, because foreseeing the
military as well as the commercial necessities
of the Government, General Grant, while treat-
ing on this subject in his report as Secretary
of War, said:
"During the la^t summer and summer before I
caused inspection to be madcof thovarious routes of
travel ami supply through the territory b 'tween tho
Missouii river ami the Pacific coast. The cyst of
maintaining troops in that section was so enormous
th.it I do? ired, if possible, to reduce if. Thi* £ h tvo
been enabled to do to some extent from the inform-
aliou obtained troui these nispcfum.-, but lor (ho
present thcmilitaiy establishment between the lines
des'gnated mtwt be maintained, at a greatest oer
nr n. Tho completion of the railroads to ttjo Pa-
cific will materially reduce this cost, as well as tho
number of men to be kept theie, Tho completion of
those roads will also go far toward a permanent set-
tlement of our Indian difficulties.''
General Sherman has declared:
" The completion of this road during tho present
yonr to Fort Lyon would be a most important ovent
to the military interests of that frontier, and tho com-
pletion of the other branch (Denver branch) to coal
and wood would also bo most important to all the in-
terests along the valley ofthe Smoky Hill, chiefly so
to us who have to guard that linonnd provide for the
wants of tho necessary garrisons. It^eems to me that
we can, with great propriety, recommend to Con-
gress at its present bch^ion to extend their subsidy
to this company at tho present rate lor two hundred
and fifty miles more, tho aggregate amount being
$1,000,000 in bonds. Thisroadis amilitaiy necessity."
General Sheridan has declared :
"I know that pecuniarily it would be to the ad-
vantage ot tho Government to help this road; cer-
tainly a- f ir <is Fort Wallace, and also to Fort Lyon,
But. in addition, it a mo-,[.f-ubst.anh<il<y ends oai In-
dian noub!e.-> by the moral effect winch it cxeieises
over tin? Tiidunis. and the f'oility which it gives to
tho military m controlling them. No one, unless ho
has personally visiied iins eountrv, can well appic-
eiate the gieat assistance which this rnlroad gives
to economy, security, and efieet ieoness in t he admin-
istration of military alTlirs in this depaumcnt."
General Sehofield, Secretary of War, wrote
to Senator Duakk, ofthe Pacific ltailroad Com-
mittee, in duly last:
"In reply to your communication of July 2, re-
specting the Union Paeif'u* railway. easteriMliviMon,
in which you desu,fk to know the wishes of (he War
Department as to the proposed extension of Govern-
ment aid to thsit road as far as rhuyenno Wells I
have no hesitation in recommending the proposed
extension.
" liy reference to a lettei fiom General Sherman to
General limit. dated Aiareh *1, 1808, now bejoteCun-
gre«-s, it will be seen I hat a much greater aid is rec-
ommended than that now proposed,_ and that tho
ro id is spokeu of as a militaiy necessity.
" No m m could he better abb' to judge of this mat-
ter than General Sherman, and I have no hesitation
in indulging his opinion.
" I believe near Ohevonne Wells is the most east-
erly point whore a temporary depot lor the supplies
defined for Fort Lyon and the posts beyond can be
made so as to conveniently subserve tho military in-
terests.
"Abundant water and forage at that point make
it more suitable than anv other point, turthci east
for sueh denot, while the distance (-shout forty mile-5)
from Fort Wallace to Cheyenne Wells will be saved
in wigon transportation ot .supplies.
" The proposed extension tippeais to bo a measure
of economy to the Government."
General Hancock wrote to the Secretary of
War, under date of June 4, 1808:
" I have the honor to state that from my knowl-
edge of the facts concerning this road, which is proh-
ab'v as intimate and extensive, and. as regards act-
ual experience, in some respects m->re minute as to
detail.-- than that, of those w'oo have spoken favor-
ably of the enternnsc, I feel at Ithertv to offer tho
weight of iuv testimony in a few woids. believing
that the intere^laof the Government maybe bene-
fited therein*. I commanded the department of tho
Missouri last \ear, dunng an ln-U.ni war, and from
mv personal exper-encc. obtained while I wason the
plains, with respect to the transportation ot troops
and supplies by the railroad m question, as well as
us gieat importance in connection with the settle-
ment of that eountrv, I teel that I can sp^ak in
strong language as to the necessity of thi* road being
extended as rapidly as possible.'' * ^ * *
" I consider any assistance given bv tho Government
to thi=s enterpri&oas mo3t wisely and advantageously
applied."
But there is another reason far more coffcnt
than the figures pies-;nred in the report of me
Military Committee and the opinion.^oi Gen-
erals Grant, Sherman, Sheridan, Sehofield, and
Hancock why this bill should become a law.
