310
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
40th Cong....3d
Laws of the United States.
to Congress of the expenditure of this appro-
priation at the next December session, to whom
paid, how much to each, and for what purpose;
giving the items of each payment and the num-
ber of employes; and hereafter the said Com-
missioner shall estimate in detail, by collection
districts, the expense of assessing and the
expense of the collection of internal revenue.
For detecting and bringin'gto trial and pun-
ishment persons guilty of violating the inter-
nal revenue laws, or conniving at the same, in
cases where such expenses are not otherwise
provided for by law, one hundred thousand
dollars.
For Incidental and Contingent Expenses of the
Treasury Department.
In the office of the Secretary of tlbe Treas-
ury and the several bureaus, including copying,
labor, binding, sealing ships' registers, trans-
lating foreign languages, advertising, and extra
clerk hire for preparing and collecting inform-
ation to be laid before Congress, and for mis-
cellaneous items, fifty thousand dollars.
For stationery for the Treasury Department
and the several bureaus, fifty thousand dollars.
For furniture, carpets, and miscellaneous
items for the Treasury bureaus, five thousand
dollars.
For the general purposes of the Treasury De-
partment Building, including the Extension.
For compensation of twelv'e watchmen and
eleven laborers of the building, thirteen thou-
sand eight hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the said build-
ing, and Ave other buildings occupied by clerks
of the Treasury Department, viz: for fuel,
light, labor, and miscellaneous items, seventy-
five thousand dollars.
DEPARTMENT OP .THE INTERIOR.
For compensation of the Secretary of the
Interior, Assistant Secretary, chief clerk, four
clerks of class four, additional [to] three dis-
bursing clerks, three elerks of class three,
four olerks of class two, one retujn clerk, one
messenger, two assistant messengers, five
watchmen, and three laborers in his office ; in
all, forty-one thousand five hundred and forty
dollars. •
Office of Education.
For Commissioner of Education, three thou-
sand dollars.
For two clerks of class one, twenty-four hun-
dred dollars.
For contingent expenses, six hundred dol-
lars ; in all, six.thousand dollars.
General Land Office.
For Commissioner of the General Land Office,
recorder, chief clerk, three principal clerks of
public lands, three clerks of class four, twenty-
three elerks of class three, forty clerks of class
two, forty clerks of class one, draughtsman,
assistant draughtsman, two messengers, three
assistant messengers, two packers, seven labor-
ers, and eight watchmen employed in his
office; in all, one hundred and seventy-eight
thousand two hundred dollars.
For compensation of additional clerks in the
General Land Office^ under the act of March
third,_ eighteen hundred and fifty-five: for one
principal clerk as director, one clerk of class
three, four clerks of class two, twenty clerks
of class one, and two laborers, fifty-eight thou-
sand six hundred and forty dollars.
Indian Office.
For compensation of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, chief clerk, three clerks of class
four, seven clerks of class three, five clerks of
class two, one messenger, one assistant mes-
senger, one laborer, and two watchmen em-
ployed in his office; in all, thirty-two thousand
six hundred dollars.
Pension Office.
For compensation of Commissioner of Pen-
sions, chief clerk, twelve clerks of class four,
thirty clerks of class three, fifty-two clerks of
class two, fifty clerks of class one, one mes-
senger and three assistant messengers, five
laborers, and one watchman employed in his
office, two hundred and fifteen thousand two
hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of additional clerks in the
Pension Office, viz: for ten clerks of class
four, eighteen clerks of class three, twenty four
clerks of class two, and twenty-eight clerks of
class one, one hundred and fourteen thousand
dollars.
Incidental and Contingent Expenses—Depart-
ment of the Interior.
Office of the Secretary of the Interior:
For stationery, furniture, and other con-
tingencies, and for books and maps for the
library, ten thousand dollars.
For casual repairs of the Patent Office build-
ing, ten thousand dollars.
- For expenses of packing and distributing
congressional journals and documents, in pur-
suance of the, provisions contained in the joint
resolution of Congress approved on the twenty-
eighth da.y of January,- eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven, and the act of the fifth day of Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, and
for collecting, arranging, classifying, and pre-
serving such congressional journals and docu-
ments to be found in the Capitol, or in the
various Departments and bureaus of the Gov-
ernment, which have not been disposed of ac-
cording to law, and for compiling and super-
vising the Biennial Eegister, six thousand five
hundred dollars; and the Secretary of the In-
terior shall appoint a superintendent of public
documents, at a salary of twenty-five hundred
dollars per year, who shall be charged with
the duty of packing, distributing, collecting,
arranging, classifying, and preserving • such
documents, and compiling and supervising the
Biennial Register, but the whole amount to be
expended for said purposes, including the pay
of said superintendent, shall not .exceed the
said sum of six thousand five hundred dollars;
and the said Secretary of the Interior is hereby
directed to procure and assign suitable rooms
for such journals and documents in ths De-
partment of the Interior.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
fulfill a contract made by him under the pro-
visions of a joint resolution authorizing a con-
tract with Vinnie Beam for a statue of the late
Abraham Lincoln, five thousand dollars.
For fuel and lights -for the Patent Office
building, including the salaries of engineer and
assistant engineer of the furnaces, and repairs
of the heating apparatus, eighteen thousand
dollars.
Office of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs:
For blank-books, finding", stationery; and
miscellaneous itenls,"including two of the daily
city newspapers, to be filed, bound, and pre-
served for the use of the office, five thousand
dollars.
Office of the Commissioner of Pensions:
For stationery, -engraving, and retouching
plates for bounty land warrants, printing aud
binding the same, office furniture, and repair-
ing the same, and miscellaneous items, includ-
ing two daily newspapers, to be filed, bound,
and preserved for the use of the office, and for
detection and investigation of fraud, thirty
thousand dollars.
Office of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office :
For cash system, maps, diagrams, stationery,
furniture aud repairs of the same, miscella-
neous items, including two of the 'city news-
papers, to be filed, bound, and preserved for
the use of the office; for advertising and tele
graphing; for miscellaneous items on account
of bounty lands and military patents under the
several acts, and for contingent expenses under
swamp-land act of September twenty-eighth,
eighteen hundred and fifty, eight thousand
dollars.
Surveyors General and their Clerks.
For compensation of the surveyor general
of Minnesota, two thousand dollars, and the
clerks in his office, two thousand five hundred
dollars—four thousand five hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of the Territory of
Dakota, two thousand dollars, and the clerks
in his office, two thousand five hundred dol-
lars—four thousand five hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of Kansas, two- thou-
sand dollars, and the clerks in his office, four
thousand dollars—six thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Colorado, three
thousand dollars, and for the clerks in his
office, four thousand dollars—seven thousand
dollars.
For surveyor general of New Mexico, three
thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of California and Ari-
zona, three thousand dollars, and for clerks in
his office, four thousand five hundred dollars—
seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of Idaho, three thou-
sand dollars, and for clerks in his office, four
thousand dollars—seven thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of tstevada, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars, and the clerks in
his office, four thousand dollars—six thousand
five hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of Oregon, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars, and for the clerks in
his office, four thousand dollars—six thousand
five hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of Washington Terri-
tory, two thousand five hundred dollars, and
for the clerks in his office, four thousand dol-
lars—six thousand five hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of Nebraska and Iowa,
two thousand dollars, and the clerks in his
office, four thousand dollars—six thousand
dollars.
For surveyor general of Montana, three thou-
sand dollars, aud for elerks in his office, three
thousand dollars—six thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Utah Territory, three
thousand dollars," and the clerks in his office,
four thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Florida, two thou-
sand dollars, and for elerks in his office, three
thousand five hundred dollars—five thousand
five hundred dollars.
For'recorder of land titles in Missouri, five
hundred dollars.
United States Patent Office.
For compensation of the Commissioner of
the Patent Office, four thousand five hundred
dollars; for chief clerk, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars; one superintendent of drawing for
the annual report, two thousand five hundred
dollars; for three examiners-in-chief, at three
thousand dollars each, nine thousand dollars;
twenty principal examiners, at t#o thousand
five hundred dollars each, fifty thousand dol-
lars: twenty first assistant examiners, at eight-
een hundred dollars each, thirty-six thousand
dollars; twenty second assistant examiners, at
sixteen hundred dollars each, thirty-two thou-
sand dollars; one librarian, one thousand eight
hundred dollars; one machinist, one thousand
six hundred dollars; one messenger, one thou-
sand dollars; making, in all, the sum of one
hundred and forty thousand nine hundred
dollars.
For compensation of six clerks of class three,
nine thousand six hundred dollars.
For thirty-five clerks of class two, forty-four
thousand eight hundred dollars.
For forty clerks of class one, forty-eight
thousand dollars.
For six permanent clerks, at one thousand
dollars each, six thousand dollars.
For thirteen copyists of drawings, at one
thousand dollars each, thirteen thousand dol-
lars.
For fifty-three female copyists, at seven hun-
