1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
535
Fort Ili'iey. By the actapproved July 1, 1862,
it was provided as follows:
"The route in Kansas west of the meridian of Fort
Riley to tile aforesaid point on the one hundredth
meridian of longitude, to be subject to the approval
of the President of the United States, and to be de-
termined by him on actual survey."
But on the 3d of July, 18C6, Congress passed
the act allowing this road to follow the valley
of the Smoky Hill, providing that the company
constructing the same should be entitled to only
the same amount of bonds as they would have
been entitled to if they had connected their
road with the Omaha line on the one hun-
dredth degree of longitude, as required by the
original act. The grant of land, as X have said
bet ire, was made to a point not to exceed fifty
miles weatwardly from Denver. Now, as a
matter of fact, the route west of Fort Riley
under the original law was never located by
the President of the United States, nor was
the point of intersection ever fixed by the Presi-
dent on the one hundredth meridian. It has
been often paid upon this floor, and was stated
by the gentleman trom Pennsylvania [Mr. Kw,-
ixyJ in his speech in favor of this bill, that this
route was to run by the valley of the Repub-
lican river. This is a mistake.
Mr. KKLLEY. 1 stated distinctly that they
took the Republican route because the Smoky
Hid valley was then involved in an Indian
war; and as they had, according to the terms
of the law, to file a map by a certain day, they
took the route of the Republican fork, although
they might, and but for the war would, have
taken the preferable route of the Smoky Hill.
Mr CLARKE, of Kansas. This additional
statement of the gentleman is entirely correct.
Air. PRICE. By the original act granting
a subsidy 10 the Union Pacific railroad and its
branches they were compelled to make the
connection at or near the one hundi edth merid-
ian, between the Republican and Platte rivers,
in the Territory of Nebraska, and therefore
this junction could not be on the Smoky Hill
route.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I do not so nn-
deistand the law. Any of the roads running
we.it. from the Missouri river were authorized
to connect at a more westerly point under cer-
tain conditions. The eastern division road
might have been located on the Republican
river m accordance with the law, or it might
have been located on any other route if found
more practicable. 11 might have followed any
one of the many streams which flow into the
valley of the Kansas from the northwest; or
it might have followed the divides on the prai-
ries in equal harmony with the provisions of
the law. Thus, sir, it will be seen by way of
illustration that if it had been located in the
Republican valley the distance might have been,
say, three hundred and lifty or three hundred
and seventy-live miles; while had it been located
on any one of the other practicable routes,
the distance might have been reduced to three
hundred miles. But it is impossible to tell on
which of the routes the President would have
located the road. If it had followed the mean-
dering of the Republican valley the distance
applied to the present line of the road would
Lave extended beyond Cheyenne Wells, and
would have rendered this bill unnecessary. This
fact alone amply vindicates not only the wise
policy of Congress in amending the original
act, but it refutes the charges made against
the company, so far as keeping faith with tho
Government is concerned.
In this state of uncertainty as to the point
where the subsidy ends it is assuredly the duty
of Congress to fix the same by law, as is now
proposed. In fact, sir, the company have no
other remedy than to submit the case to the
judgment of Congress. They have done so
with a frankness of explanation and statement
and with that regard to the public interest which
ought to protect them from the misrepresenta-
tion by which it is attempted to envelop the
consideration of the bill now before the House.
Let tne in conclusion say, sir, that while the
road already has passed through Kansas and
■ has acquired a purely national chaiacter, that
the citizens of that State are neither insensible
to its magnitude or unfriendly to its projectors.
The amusing effort of the "gentleman from
Illinois to reresurrect the venerable ghost of
the border ruffian, untimely dragged back to
earth, will not do more than provoke the mirth
of the people I have the honor to represent.
It has no more to do with the merits of this
measure than has the ghost of Don Quixote.
Let me say to that gentleman that I yield to
no man in reverence to that historic young
State. In that early struggle Kansas gave a
name and character to the party into wTiose
charge has been intrusted the keeping of the
Republic. Her people have struggled against,
heavy odds to build up a State which shall be
a pillar to the nation. 1 believe the honorable
gentleman is not insensible to the importance
of the results which have been there achieved.
1 will go with him, as a memberof this House,
in resisting a! 1 schemesof monopoly and specu-
lation. I will go with him in protecting the
public lands from the grasp of the monopolist,
who seeks, in enriching himself, to nullify the
homestead and preemption laws of the United
States and outrage the most sacred interests
of the great mass of tho people.
I believe that in all our future grants of land
to railroad corporations, and for all works of
internal improvement, it should be opened to
actual settlement only at stated pi ices, and
under such regulations as will lender it easy
for all classes of people to acquire a speedy
title. I will go with the gentleman from Illi-
nois for a reduction of fares and freights, as 1
did in the last Congress, on all the Paeilic roads
to which the Government has extended its aid.
Roads constructed by the aid of the people of
this country ought to be open to them at the
lowest possible rates. But these are not ques-
tions involved in this bill. The real question
is, shall the fostering aid of this great Govern-
ment be denied to an enterprise so truly na-
tional in all its essential features, and which,
as I have shown, will, instead of being a per-
manent outlay on the part of the Government,
speedily return to the public Treasury far more
than what is now solicited and secuie incalcu-
lable advantages to the development of our
national resources. In my judgment, sir, if
this House consults the true principles of econ-
omy it cannot, possibly refuse to pass this bill.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I only propose
at, this time to modily my substitute so that it
will read as follows:
lie it enacted I:.*/ the Senate and Jhutne <>f I'eprescnta-
tlofH oi the U'nitcd Statexot' A ier/eau> ('onarcsh <IM( in-
bled, Tnat the Union 1'acilic Railroad Company,
eastern division, is liereb.\ aufhoiized to continue
the consti action of .'-aid load fiointhe point nt ib
present compleiion tills -lour miles in the direction
ot or to the Cheyenne Wells. Said company shall
have ant hoi it v to issue coupon bond;, tu i he * xtont
of tit;,OUU perindc oi road to be built, said bond* 10
run lorty years and to b'eir intercut at the i ate ot six
pei cent, per annum, payable sonn-aiinu.iliy 011 the
1st days of Febiu.uy and August, ot each year m
lawful monev, the mtei e.st and pimetpal to be pay-
able at the Treasury of tlie United Stales or at the
office of tho Assistant Treasurer of the United States,
at the city of New York, at, the option ol the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, under such rules and regula-
tions as tho Secretary ot thcTrea.-ury may prescribe;
and the President ot tne United States sliall appoint
three competent, peisons as eouimissioneis to exailr
inesaid railroad; and as sections ot twenty miles of
said railroad aie built in a ttood and subliminal
maunei said commissioners shall so rcpoi 1111 writ-
ing to tho President, who beiiut satisfied with mh:h
reoort shall approve the sameandcauso it to bMiU'd
will) the Secretary of the Treasury, whereupon the
United State, shall fuiiranty llle payment ot the in-
terest ot the bonds auttiorized to be is=ued as aloir-
said to the extent of ^16,00U tier mile ot load built;
audit is hereby made tho duly of th" Secretary o'
the Treasury to mdoise and lc^htei such bonds for
the Unite,1 States, (.'uaraiityiri;: the payment ottlie
interest theieoi m suoh toini as be may deem pioper;
and tbe indorsement of such bonds by the Secretary
of tlic Treasury on behatt of the United States shall
ipio facto constitute a first niortit.iKo on said lail-
rotld, its rolling-stock anil furniture, m lavor ot the
United States to the extent of the interest on said
bonds: and it is hereby made the duty of said rail-
road company to have 01 deposit with the xrcasurerot
the United States, at least ten da5 s before any *01111-
ftlinual installment of interest tails due, a stulicient
amount of money to pay such iny! ailment 01 interest
and upon failuie to do so, the President nia,- cause
the Secretary of the Treasury, upon sixty ds>s not no
to said company, to take possession ot said railroad,
stock, and fixtures for and on behalf of the> united
States, And for the purpose of making provision tor
the payments ot the interest of said bonds the See-
rotary of tile Treasury is hereby directed to retain—
First. AH sums of money duo said company on
account of transporting troops, munitions ol war,
and military and Indian supplies.
Second. Ail moneys arising for tho transportation
of the mails by said company.
Third. All moneys arising trom the transmission of
telegraphic messages by said company for the United
States.
And the Secretary of the Treasury shall cause semi-
annual statements of the interest account tobemado
w it'll safd company; and any .surplus inonev rem i • i -
ins after the payment of any K0iiii-nnnu.it install-
ment ot interest shall lie paid to siud compunv. And
for tho purpose of not kin;.' provisions for tho pas nicnt
of the principal of said bonds so indorsed by tho
United States the lands of said company heretofore
granted by the United States for tho construction of
said road, or so much as lie alonsr or on citherside of
said road, as herein mentioned to be hereafter built,
tcxcept so much as may bo necessaiy to tlioepcrat tug
of said road, ivhieh shall beset apart for sncl purpose
by the three commissioners aforesaid,) siiali be, as
fast as every twenty miles of said road are completed,
put Ulto niaiUet to actual settieis at$J<~>0 per aeie,
under such inles and regulations as shall be tiro-
scribed by tho Secretary of tho Interior. And till
moneys arisiner from tho sale of said lands shall be
paid into tho Treasury of tho "United States; and the
Secretary of the Treasury shall thereupon c.mscsiicli
money to be invested in said bonds, the same to bo
canceled and delivered to said company.
See. 2. A lid be it J nether enacted, That, so much of
this act ns piovides for tho puUiiKt into market to
actual settlers at «'J 50 per acre, and rcquniiu; the
money a,i isiin? therefrom to be pi need in the Treasury
ot the United Stales, to be invested in tho bonds of
the said company, shall equally apply to said ro.icl
from Cheyenlio Wells to Denver, and to the Denver
Pacific Ilailioad and Teleio't'ph Company, from Den-
ver to Olieyame, on the Union Ihicifie raihoad.
Tbe substitute, as amended, was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. Logan' held the floor; when the Speaker
stated that, in accordance witli the understand-
ing, the Arkansas delegation would now have
the floor to announce the death of one of their
colleagues.
PEATII OF HON. JAMES IltNDS.
Mr. ELLIOTT, of Arkansas. Mr. Speaker,
since the first session of the present Congress
death has invaded our midst, and among those
who have been called from the scene of their
usefulness anil labor in this world must lie re-
corded the name of the lamented Hon. .Loins
IltN'ds, of Arkansas. As his successor, it de-
volves upon me to make the painful announce-
ment of his demise to this House; and greatly
do 1 regret,, in offering this tribute to his mem-
orv, that my very limited acquaintance with
him, ami my humble abilities, will hardly
enable me to do justice to his character. My
acquaintance with him commenced during I he
exciting canvass for the adoption ot the pies-
eut constitution of the State of Arkansas, and
the zeal mid enthusiasm which he, displayed in
the cause which he hail espoused won for him
the praise and admiration of all who took tin
interest in that eventful struggle. At that tune,
our State was the scene of intense political
excitement, and it required great firmness and
the most dating courage for any one to advo-
cate I he adoption of that constitution or to at-
tempt, to defend it against the attacks of its
enemies. But.Iambs llixns failed nor faltered
j not, and the dangers of the hour were unheeded
in the discharge of what, he considered his duty
to his country. Devoting ail his energies,
enlisting all his sympathies, contributing all
his might, lie had at last the proud satisfac-
tion of seeingtheState ofhisadoptionro'ieemed
from political anarchy and again restored
among the sovereign States of our Union, in
which proud position may she ever remain.
Mr. llmis was born December 5, ISoo, of
highly respectable parents, residing five miles
1101 th of the village of Salem, New York,
within the borders of the town of Ilcbiou.
He was the youngest of a family of five sous
and a daughter, all of whom survive him.
One of his brothers having become estab-
lished in the legal profession in the far West
induced him, while be was yet a minor, to re-
move thither also. He there engaged in the
study of law, and attended the courses of in-
struction given in the law schools at St. Louis
and Cincinnati, at which latter place he grad-
uated in ISoti. He thereupon settled ini iU
practice of his profession in the town ov .->t.
Peter's, Minnesota. Here, he was appointed
