1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
dred dollars each, thirty-seven thousand one
hundred dollars.
For nine permanent clerks, at nine hundred
dollars each, eight thousand one hundred
dollars.
For two skilled laborers, at twelve hundred
dollars each, two thousand four hundred
dollars.
For two skilled laborers, at one thousand
dollars each, two thousand dollars.
For seven skilled laborers, at nine hundred
dollars each, six thousand three hundred
dollars.
For thirty laborers, at six hundred dollars
each, eighteen thousand dollars.
For two laborers, at five hundred and sev-
enty-six dollars each, one thousand one hun-
dred and fifty-two hundred dollars.
For one watchman, nine hundred dollars.
For- five watchmen, at seven hundred and
twenty dollars, three thousand six hundred
dollars.
For seven laborers, at six hundred dollars
each, four thousand two hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Patent Office,
viz: for illustrations of annual report, sta-
tionery for use of office, printing patents, fur-
niture for rooms, repairs, advertising, books
for library, international exchanges, plumbing*,
gas-fitting, and other contingencies, one hun-
dred and twenty thousand dollars, and no
further or greater sum shall be paid or con-
tracted to be paid for said contingent expenses;
and it shall be the duty of the Commissioner
of Patents to make a full and detailed report
to each December session of Congress of the
manner in which said contingent expenses have
been disbursed: Provided, That with the
exception of the Commissioner of Patents, and
the examiners-in-chief, all the officers, clerk's,
and employes of the Patent Office shall be sub-
ject to the appointing and removing power of
\he Secretary of the Interior, in like manner
and to the same extent as the clerks of the
Pension Office are so subject under existing
laws; and the disbursements of the Patent
Office shall be made by the disbursing clerk of
the Department of the Interior.
[Expenses of the Courts of the United States.]
For defraying the expenses of the Supreme
Court and district courts of the United States,
including the District of Columbia, and also
for jurors and witnesses, in aid of the funds
arising from fines, penalties, and forfeitures,
in the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy, and previous years, and
likewise for defraying the expenses of suits in
which the United States are concerned, and of
prosecutions for offenses committed against the
United States, and for the safe-keeping of pris-
oners, one million five hundred thousand dol-
lars: Provided, That the second section of the
act of August second, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, entitled "An act concerning the
Attorney General, and the attorneys and mar-
shals of the several districts," be, and the same
is hereby, repealed.
WAR DEPARTMENT.
_ For compensation of the Secretary of War,
eight thousand dollars; chief clerk; four clerks
of class four; for additional to one clerk of
class four, as disbursing clerk, two hundred
dollars ; for seven clerks of class three ; three
clerks of class two ; eight clerks of class one ;
one messenger; three assistant messengers ;
one laborer—forty-six thousand live hundred
and sixty dollars.
Office of Adjutant General:
For three clerks of class four, nine clerks of
class three, twenty-seven clerks of class two,
twenty-six clerks of class one, and two mes-
sengers, ninety thousand four hundred and
eighty dollars,
Offiee of Quartermaster General:
For four clerks of class four ; eight clerks
of class three; twenty clerks of class two;
seventy-five clerks of class one; thirty copy-
ists ; superintendent of the building, two hun-
dred dollars; one messenger; two assistant
messengers; and six laborers—one hundred
and seventy-one thousand and forty dollars.
Office of Paymaster General:
For chief clerk ; four clerks of class four ;
one clerk of class three; also three clerks of
class three, authorized by clause in the act of
February twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, four thousand eight hundred dol-
lars : Provided, That said clerks shall not be
continued after the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and seventy; twenty-six clerks of class
two, thirty clerks of class one, and two mes-
sengers—eighty-nine thousand six hundred and
eighty dollars.
Office of the Commissary General:
For one clerk of class four, one clerk of
class three, ten clerks of class two, tw#nty
clerks of class one, one messenger, and two
laborers, forty-three thousand four hundred
and forty dollars.
Office of the Surgeon Geiieral:
For one clerk of class four, one clerk of class
three, two clerks of class two, ten clerks of
class one, one messenger, and one laborer,
nineteen thousand six hundred and forty
dollars.
Office of Chief Engineer:
For five clerks of class four, four clerks of
class three, four clerks of class two, three clerks
of class one, two messengers, and one laborer,
twenty-six thousand four hundred and eighty
dollars.
Office of Chief of Ordnance:
For chief clerk, three clerks of class four,
two clerks of class three, five clerks of class
two, eight clerks of class one, and one messen-
ger, twenty-eight thousand and forty dollars.
Office of Military Justice:
For one clerk of class four, one clerk of class
three, one clerk of class two, and two clerks
of class one, seven thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
Signal Office:.
For two clerks of class two, two thousand
eight hundred dollars.
Office of the Inspector General, and In-
spector of the Military Academy:
For one clerk of class four, eighteen hundred
dollars. ,
Contingent Expenses of the War department.
Office of the Secretary of "War: '
For blank-books, stationery, labor, books,
maps, extra clerk hire, and miscellaneous
items, ten thousand dollars.
Office of the Adjutant General:
' For blank-books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, fifteen thousand dollars.
Office of the Quartermaster General:
For blank-books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, ten thousand dollars.
Office of the Paymaster General:
For blank-books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, ten thousand dollars.
Office of the Commissary General:
For office rest, three thousand three hundred
dollars.
For fuel and lights, one thousand one hundred
and fifty dollars.
For repairs, five hundred dollars. .
For two watchmen, twelve hundred dollars.
For two laborers, twelve hundred dollars;
total, seven thousand three hundred and fifty
dollars.
Chief Enginefer's Office:
For blank-books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Office of the Surgeon General:
For blank-books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, including rent of office,
ten thousand dollars.
Office of the Chief of Ordnance:
For blank-books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, two thousand dollars.
Office of Military Justice:
For blank-books, stationery, binding, and
miscellaneous items, one thousand dollars.
For the general purposes of the War Depart-
ment Building.
For compensation of superintendent, four
watchmen, and two laborers of the building,
three thousand eight hundred and fifty dollars.
For labor, fuel, light, and miscellaneous
items, twenty thousand dollars.
Building occupied by Paymaster General.
For superintendent, watchmen, rent, fuel,
lights, and miscellaneous items, twelve thou-
sand dollars.
For the general purposes of the Building corner
of F and Seventeenth streets.
For compensation of superintendent, four
watchmen, and two laborers for said building,
three thousand eight hundred and fifty dollars.
For fuel, compensation of firemen; and mis-
cellaneous items, five thousand dollars.
NAVY DEPARTMENT.
For' compensation of the Secretary of the
Navy, eight thousand dollars.
For compensation of the chief clerk of the
Navy Department, two thousand two hundred
dollars; one fourth-class clerk, (also as dis-
bursing clerk;) two clerks of the fourth class;
three clerks of the third class ; three clerks of
the second class; three clerks of the first class;
one messenger, eight hundred and forty dol-
lars ; one assistant messenger, seven hundred
dollars; and two laborers, twelve hundred dol-
lars—twenty-three thousand three hundred and
forty dollars.
For compensation of the civil engineer of
the Bureau of Yards and Docks, two thousand
dollars; chief clerk, eighteen hundred dollars;
one clerk of the fourth class;. one clerk of the
third class; two clerks of the second class;
one clerk of the first class ; one draughtsman,
fourteen hundred dollars; one messenger, eight
hundred and forty dollars ; and two laborers,
twelve hundred dollars—fourteen thousand six
hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the chief clerk of the
Bureau of Ordnance, in place of the of the
assistant provided by section three of the act
of July fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
eighteen hundred dollars; one draughtsman,
fourteen hundred dollars; one clerk of the
second class, fourteen hundred dollars; one
messenger, eight hundred arid forty dollars;
and two laborers, twelve hundred dollars—six
thousand six hundred and forty dollars.
For the compensation of the chief clerk of
the Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting,
eighteen hundred dollars ; one clerk of the
fourth class; one clerk of the third class ; two
clerks of the first class; and one messenger,
eight hundred and forty dollars—eight thou-
sand four hundred and forty dollars.
For the compensation of the chief clerk of
the Bureau of Navigation, eighteen hundred
dollars; one clerk of the second class; one
clerk of the first class; and one messenger,
eight hundred and forty dollars—five thousand
two hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the chief clerk of the
Bureau of Construction and Repair, one thou-
sand eight hundred dollars; one draughtsman,
one thousand eight hundred dollars; one clerk
of class four; two clerks of class three; two
clerks of class two;'one messenger, eight hun-
dred and forty dollars; and one laborer, six
hundred dollars—twelve thousand eight hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the chief clerk of the
Bureau of Steam Engineering, eighteen hun-
dred dollars; one draughtsman, fourteen hun-
dred dollars; one clerk of the second class, four-
teen hundred dollars; one assistant draughts-
