1488
THE OONOB1SSIOMAL GLOBE.
February 23,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. -The ques-
tion recurs ori the amendment of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS. I am in favor of the bill, and
I hope it will pass. The general plan of the
bill, I think, originated about the year 1800
first, and it was proposed Very generally over
the country and discussed at some length some
ten or twelve years since. It arises to the
necessity growing out of the peculiar construc-
tion of our-judicial system, the extent of our
country, and the growing number of the States.
The idea of having Supreme Court judges to
perform circuit court duties is not only becom-
ing impracticable but utterly impossible from
the number of the States. The system must
be given up sooner or later, and I think the
urgency of the case at present requites-that it
should be promptly abandoned. We keep up
the name by requiring the Supreme judges, by
a provision in the bill, to perform circuit court
duties once in two years in their circuits ; but
that will soon be found to be altogether im-
possible. The States are now thirty-seven in
number, and in a few years they will exceed
forty. To have the Supreme Court of the
United States, which is an indispensable tri-
bunal, with its members perambulating forty
States of the Union in the performance of cir-
cuit court duties, is an impossibility. I think
that the exigencies and the imperative demand
'of the subject might as well now be met. I
shall therefore vote with a great deal of satis-
faction for the bill; but at the same time I
should like to see it amended in a very import-
ant feature, which is embraced in a proposition
which I will send to the Secretary's desk and
ask to have read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment pro-
posed is to insert as-an additional section the
following:
And be it further enacted, Thatwhenever a question
arises in any case in tUo Supremo Court on any act
performed by a department or officer of the Govern-
ment of the United States, said court shall decide
whether such act has been done and the power of the
department or officer to do it.
Mr. DAVIS. That merely proposes to attach
a jurisdiction to this court which the framers
of the Constitution originally contemplated and
expected it should exercise. There is not a
commentator on the Constitution from Hamil-
ton and Madison down to the present time who
has not conceded the principle that the Su-
preme Court, to the extent that the question
should arise, in cases properly coming before
it of the validity of any official act in a de-
partment or by an officer of the Government
should pass upon and decide that question.
The recent publication of Mr. Madison's writ-
ings shows that he contended for that position
a score of times or more with a power of argu-
ment that cannot be answered, showing the
absolute necessity of the case that there should
be a peaceful tribunal within our Government
to decide all such questions, and that this peace-
ful tribunal and its decisions were necessary to
avert violence and a resort to the sword to decide
the same questions. The Supreme Court, un-
fortunately, I think, at an early day abdicated
a portion of the jurisdiction that is thus con-
ferred upon them by the Constitution in attempt-
ing to make a distinction between judicial and
political questions.
Mr. TltUMBULL. If the Senator from
Kentucky will pardon me, I suggest to him that
this amendment would bo likely to lead to de-
bate, and I apprehend that would be fatal to
the passage of any bill on this subject. The
Senator from Kentucky agrees, generally, that
wo ought to do something for the relief of the
judicial system. If that amendment is put
upon this bill, or if we attempt to discuss it, we
have but this afternoon to consider those meas-
ures of the Judiciary Committee, and I fear we
may accomplish nothing.
Mr. DAVIS. I will make this reply to the
honorable Senator from Illinois——
Mr. 'JLIiUMBUTiL. If the Senator does not
feel specially interested in having it here I
hope he will not press it on this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to say but afew words
more. I have no idea that the amendment
which I propose will be adopted by the Senate,
and I supposed it would be voted down without
any further remark upon it. I believe it to be
a proposition of the utmost importance, bu-t
that is an individual and isolated opinion of
mine which probably is not shared by a single
member of the Senate, and it is that conviction
in mymmd that induces me to believe that this
proposition cannot seriously obstruct the prog-
ress and the final passage of the bill. All I
desire is that my proposition shall be offered.
I am indifferent as to the vote of the Senate
upon it, upon my "perfect conviction that it will
receive little or no support; but at the same
time I throw it out for the consideration of
Senators at a future time in their leisure mo-
ments. I am satisfied -myself of the import-
ance and the eminent utility of the proposition
if it should be adopted. But sharing truly
and sincerely with the Senator from Illinois in
the desire that this bill should pass, and he
expressing some apprehension that even this
proposition might somewhat obstruct its pas-
sage, I will withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question is on the amendment reported by the
Committee on the Judieiaryt
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr". DRAKE. I offer an amendment, "to
insert as an additional section the following:
And be it further enacted, That any judgo of any
court of the United States who shall, after having
attained tho age of seventy years, resign his office,
shall thereafter, during the residue of his natural
life, receive the same salary which was by law pay-
able to him at the time of his resignation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Missouri will pardon me, we "have reported a
bill on that subject.
Mr. DRAKE. I know, but it will never be
reached.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I intend to call it up
this afternoon if we shall have time to do so.
Mr. DRAKE. As long as the committee
have reported in favor of it, I was just going
to assign that as a reason why, as this bill is
going to pass, we might just as well put it on
here and make sure of it. In five minutes
after this bill has passed the Committee on the
Judiciary will have lost the floor completely
to-day, in all human probability.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no; this afternoon
has been assigned to us.
Mr. DRAKE. Well, sir, in five minutes
after this bill is passed, in all probability some
one will get up a charter here, or a bill to
authorize somebody's bank to change its name,
or some other private bill which will be of
infinitely greater importance than any public
measure that can be brought forward. I do
not see why the Senator from Illinois should
object to putting this amendment upon the
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not. want to em-
barrass this bill with it. I hope the amend-
ment will not be adopted.
Mr. DRAKE. The committee have reported
in favor of the proposition, and why should it
not go on here?
Mr. GRIMES. I will ask the Senator if he
would not be willing to enlarge his amend-
ment so as to embrace the judges of this new
circuit system and the judges of the district
courts?
Mr. DRAKE. They are embraced in it.
The language: is "any judge of any court of
the United States."
Mr. GRIMES. While we are about it, if
we are going to establish a civil pension list,
why should we not embrace marshals, district
attorneys, and clerks?
Mr. DRAKE. There are a good many rea-
sons why that should not be done ; one is suffi-
cient. The judges hold their offices during
good behavior, and take the office with that
tenure. These marshals and other officers to
whom the Senator from Iowa refers take their
offices for a brief term, and they make a good
deal of money out of them, while the judges
of the courts make none. You do not pay
them more than enough to live upon, and when
they have worn out their lives in the service,
the country feeding upon their professional
ambition from day to day and making money
out of them for long years, it is as little as you
can do, when they" are no' longer very well
qualified for their plafees, to let them pass into
retirement with enough to live upon during the
remainder of their days,
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN".- A sufficient rea-
son against adopting this amendment as a part
of the bill is that the bill has got to go to the
House of Representatives, and it is not at all
probable that the House of Representatives
would favor the pension principle, which is an
innovation. Therefore, I hope, whatever merits
there may be in that bill, that it will not be
attached to this one.
Mr. EESSENDEN. I have only to say that
if the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri be adopted or any amendment involving
the same principle, I shall vote against the bill
or any other bill having tliat upon it. I am not
prepared at present to begin the system of pen-
sioningfor civil services in this country, neither
of judges nor of anybody else. I should like
to vote for the bill as it stands; but if that
amendment is put upon it I shall certainly vote
against it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Missouri.
The amendment was rejected—ayes six, noes
not counted.
Mr. GRIMES. I have been requested by my
colleague to offer an amendment to come at
the end of the fourth section:
Provided, That no clerk of a circuit court shall be
removed without the concurrence of the justice of
the Supreme Court allotted to that circuit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. It evidently has its origin
in reference to some particular clerk. Here
are judges of the circuit court, and they should
appoint their clerks. We are legislating now
generally, and not in reference to any particu-
lar case. There is no propriety in the justice
of the Supreme Court taking any part in ih;
appointment of the clerk to the circuit court.
Let the district judges appoint their clerks, the
circuit judges their clerks, and the justices of
the Supreme Court appoint their clerk here.
The propriety of the thing, it seems to me, is
that the judges of the circuit courts should
have the appointment of their own clerks.
Evidently this amendmeut must have reference
to some particular case.
Mr. GRIMES. I really do not know very
much about the amendment. My colleague
drew it and called my attention to it. He has
been called out of the Chamber, and as I found
it was necessary to offer it now I have taken
it from his desk and proposed it. I judge from
the pbrfjfflgfegy of it that it is drawn in the
spirit ofj|Hktture'of-oftice act, which I trust
is not wholly'objectionable to the chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary, and that there-
fore he will allow it to be inserted.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HO WE. The bill is now open to amend-
ment, is it not?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be
added to at this stage.
Mr. HOWE. T propose the following amend-
ment as an additional section :
And be it further enacted, That the justice of the
Supreme Court when present shall preside in said
circuit court, and in his absence the circuit court
judgewhen present shall preside; and when said cir-
cuit court shall be held by any two of the judges
above mentioned, and they shall disagree about any
matter or thing, the opinion of the presiding judge
shall prevail and be the opinion and decision of the
court for the time being.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That amendment has
been submitted to me, and individually I have
no objection to it. I am not authorized to
accept it on the part of the committee. It will
remedy a difficulty that sometimes exists where
two judges hold a court and they disagree, by
allowing the opinion of the presiding judge to
