538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January. 22;
district attorney, thirteen counties being em-
braced in his district. While the war of the
rebellion was in progress he enlisted in an
expedition which was sent by the Government
against the hostile tribes of Indians on our
western frontiers. Emigration having become
suspended by the war, and St. Peter's having
greatly declined from its previous prosperity,
be c;ist about, him for a more inviting place in
which to establish himself. Accordingly, on
the downfall of the rebellion he moved to Ark-
ansas, and settled at Little Rock in June, 1865.
He hence became so well known and highly
esteemed that he was chosen a member of the
convention which framed the constitution under
which Arkansas was readmitted to the Union,
and at the election of State officers he was
those" one of the three Representatives of the
State in the national Congress. Immediately
thereupon he repaired to Washington and look
his seat. On the adjournment of Congress,
not having seen his aged mother for eleven
years, and his father having died within this
period, he visited the home of his boyhood
and remained there but a short time. Leav-
ing his wife and two children with his relatives,
he hastened back to his adopted State to attend
the convention which had been called to make
the congressional nomination for his district.
Finding that other candidates were anxious to
obtain this nomination, he declined having his
name presented to the convention. He thus
had 110 direct personal interest in the election,
but he evidently regarded the contest as one
of momentousimportanceandclaiminghis best
services. Accordingly, he entered upon a can-
vass of the State, addressing meetings in the
several counties. These meetings were largely
at ten iled, and the utmost courtesy was extended
by him to the Democratic party, his political
opponents, at those meetings. In obedience to
this call of duty he took his place in the van-
guard among the sons of liberty, and fell by the
hand of Democratic Ku ICIux assassination
while nobly sustaining and defending those
principles which concede equal rights and
privilegestoall men, regardless of race or color.
Thus. Mr. Speaker, has another martyr been
added to that glorious band of heroes who have
struggled and died in the honest conviction of
the righteousness and justness of the principles
they advocated.
This is a painful and solemn charge to have
recorded against the State which I have been
a citizen of for the last twenty-two years, and
gladly would I suppress the facts if it were
charity and justice to do so j but such acts of
violence have become so common that they
deserve our loudest condem nation, and no State
pride or partiality should cause us to hesitate
a moment in denouncing them in the strongest
terms or cease to regard them as other than
crimes of the most heinous nature.
ilr. Speaker, persons in all ages who have
been the victims of violence or assassination
in advocating just and great principles have
been regarded as martyrs, and their untimely
iate has always added strength and power to
the cause they have advocated. Indeed, so
much is this the case that it has passed into
proverb that "the blood of the martyr is the
seed of the church;" and .Tames Hixds, in lay-
ing down his life in the defense of that cause
which he so enthusiastically loved and espoused,
has entitled himself to be regarded as one of
those great men who have sacrificed life to
principle, and his name must rank high among
those heroes whose life and death form the
book of martyrs in their country's cause.
There are many among you who can recall to
mind their social intercourse with Mr. Hinds,
his affable disposition aud pleasant address,
combined with the noble attributes of a warm
heart, that left an impression upon your minds
which will cling around you long after the scenes
that now surround us have passed away.
Mr. Hinds's devotion to his country amounted
almost to ideality. Beyond her prosperity he
saw nor anticipated not. In her laws and Con-
stitution he saw the wisdom of many great
minds whofse examples he might safely follow
and in whose footsteps he could with honor
tread. With the precepts of such brilliant
examples before him he shaped his course, as
the mariner who shapes his course from the
charts and compass of those who have pre-
ceded him. Peace to his ashes. Let his
slumbers be undisturbed. With him the din
of political strife is over. His memory belongs
to his country, and his labors will never be for-
gotten by those for whom he served aud fought
so earnestly.
Mr. Speaker, I now offer the following reso-
lutions in memory of my deceased friend.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the House has received with deep
sensibility the announcement of the death of lion.
James IIinds.a member trom th« State of Arkansas.
ttmnlved, '1 hax til is House tenders to the famiiy of
the deceased the expression of its sympathy in this
afflict lis; event; and as a testimony of respect for his
memory the members and officers of this House will
wear the usual badge of mourning for thirty days.
Revolved. That the Clerk of this House bo directed
to communicate a copy of these proceedings to the
family of the deceased, and also to the Senate.
Ilesolved, That as a further testimonial of respect
for the deceased the House do how adjourn,
Mr. ARNELL. I rise to second the resolu-
tions that have been offered. Upon occasions
like the present nothing more beautiful and
appropriate, full of instruction and of thought,
can be told than the ancient myth of man's
origin. The old mythology, with all its de-
fects, had a true and clear conception of life.
I will repeat the myth. Care, with downcast
eyes, was crossing a river, and observing the
marly clay, began to form man out of it. Ju-
piter happening to pass that way, she entreated
him to animate it. He did so; but a contest
immediately arose concerning the ownership.
The Spirit of Earth clamored for her right, as
she had afforded the body. Time was taken as
arbitrator. He decided the ownership in favor
of Jupiter, but possession while living for Care,
and that the new-formed creature should be
called man, (homo,) because made of earth,
(humus.) A touching and pathetic declara-
tion of our common brotherhood, our bondage
to care and heirship of immortality. Yet to
appreciate this in some realizing sense we
must be stirred, admonished, perhaps startled,
by the departing footsteps of some friend or
brother pressing ahead of us into that "great
darkness" of which sense knows nothing, and
faith next to nothing, save that we are passing
from one mystery to another—from God to
God!
Mr. Speaker, the memorial servicesofto-day
have for me more than ordinary significance.
The pathway of this third session of Congress
has literally been over the graves of its mem-
bers. The first was that of the "great com-
moner," but his demise we felt to be accord-
ing to the order of nature j the fall of ripe
fruit in the slow-dropping, mellow autumn.
After him came his colleague, (Mr. Finney,)
released from endurance of long disease by
the Great Physician's healing. Next was
Mann, of Louisiana—an orange and magnolia
covered grave. To-day we stand by another
bier. Mr. Hinds, of Arkansas, was compar-
atively a stranger to most of us, yet who does
not remember his peculiarly sad and reflective
face? Little, however, did we deem that the
shadow of the death angel was so near to it.
When we separated from this Hall last sum-
mer for our distant homes those of us who
live within the "dead line" of the rebellion
well understood the work before us. Freedom
of speech was to be practically asserted upon
the most sensitive of political questions where
never before it had been tolerated even; and it
was asserted. Yet lift the pall from the face of
our comrade and let those "dumb mouths"
(his wounds) speak its price. Men of the great
North, who sit undisturbed by quiet firesides,
little do you understand that unconquered bat-
tle, yours as much as ours, that rages still about
our southern doors!
But we have come to look upon the face of
our dead comrade. Here is death, not over-
taking the weary old man, as he did our great
Thaddeus Stevens, and summoning him, with
the smile of one of Corregio's angels, to a
couch of rest, but death in the midst of life,
death in youth, death by violence. This is the
iirst time assassination has entered this body.
Until the great horror of Mr. Lincoln's death,
assassination in this country, for political rea-
sons was thought impossible. The dominion
of the "Old Man of the Mountain," the father
of assassins, was put to an end by the Moguls
at the close of the twelfth century, and we
believed no brood of his could exist in a free
republic. History, however, repeats iis dark-
ness as well as its grandness. James Hixds, of
Arkansas, lost his life in the brave discharge
of duty and in the assertion of free speech.
We are his debtors for all time to come. Let
us gather into our minds the circumstancos of
that death, that we may realize the intrinsic
nobleness of his self-sacrifice. It was the 22d
of October. The golden light of a mellow
autumn flooded field and wood. A Represent-
ative of the people, belated by the refusal of a
steamboat captain to give him passage because
he was "a Radical," riding peaceably with a
single friend to a public appointment, there to
uphold, not his claims for office, but the claims
of freedom, and to vindicate by argument the
Republic, is overtaken by a fiendish and pursu-
ing assassin, whose lips were burdened with
"peace resolutions" but an hour before as a
mask to his fell purpose, and who knew him and
hated him onlyastheRepresentativeofthe vic-
torious nation, at noonday this Representative,
without personal provocation on his part, with-
outa moment'shostile warningeven on the part
of his foe, is brutally shot down by this cowardly
assassin and dies by the roadside.
I think that autumn day must have cried out
in agony. It is said that we only recognize
our noblest when death lias overtaken ihem.
I think that this is true. Here was one that
passed among us unknown for a hero, yet bus
proved himself capable of the highest self-
abnegation. Yes, we are blind and know it
not. Let us stand around this hero's grave
with uncovered heads. Yet the chief mourn-
ers are not all here. Involuntarily my mind
wanders away to that far-off home darkened by
this fearful tragedy. There a wife gathers her
orphan children and hushes their sobs for a
never-returning father. Wor3s cannot lift the
overwhelming weight of her sorrow, and [
would not trespass upon the sanctity of her
grief. Yet let us realize for our ourselves iu
her sorrow the costly price of freedom—realize
for ourselves that this murderous spirit to day
treads the Republic and numbers its victims.
Through this grave aery comesup to us to-day
from the South for better protection. Ameri-
can homes rest for happiness upon American
liberty. Here was one who saciiiiecd his life in
obedience to duty that yours and mine, Mr.
Speaker, might be more secure. VVe slial I have
but little manhood left us, either as a nation or
as individuals, when we grow indifferent a d
unmoved by the struggles and sacrifices of the
true and the noble. It was in the degenerate
and not heroic days of Greece that the an-
nouncement was made to those sitting in the
theater at Athens that a great battle had oc-
curred and the best blood of Greece had una-
vailingly been poured out, and the audience
only drew their cloaks about their eyes, heaved
a sigh, and the next moment had forgotten it
in the play of the Grecian master.
Jambs Hinds, w; are told by his colleagues,
was a soldier; then soldierly did his life-work
end. Reconstruction is a part of the great
battle begun in 1861, and not yet ended. He
enlisted in both and did honorable service in
both ; and it will be well remembered of thee,
0 patriot soldier! Remember that uudaunted,
with true warrior heroism, thou didst enter and
die in thy country's battle. Thy service merits
thee a double crown, and sweet, perpetual re-
membrance 1 And in the long hereafter it, will
often be tearfully told how a soldier of the
Union perished by an assassin's hand in the
brakes of Arkansas—perished because he was
freedom's servant and freedom's Represents"
tive.
