1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
313
Laws of - the United States,
40th Cong. ... 3d Sess.
men in-the office of the Assistant Treasurer at
New York, ninety thousand dollars.
For salaries of clerks, messengers, and watch-
men in the office of the Assistant Treasurer at
Philadelphia, twenty thousand dollars.
For salaries of clerks, messengers, and watch-
men-in the office of the Assistant Treasurer at
Saint Louis, eight thousand dollars.
For salaries of clerks,.porter, and watchman
in the office of the Assistant-Treasurer of New
Orleans, six thousand dollars.
Fer .compensation to stamp clerk, cashier,
andclerkin the office of the Assistant Treasurer
at San Francisco, six thousand nine hundred
dollars.
For compensation of the depositary at Santa
Fe, and the clerk, watchman, and porter in his
office, four thousand dollars.-
For salaries of clerks in the offiee of the
depositary at Louisville, three thousand five
hundred dollars.
For salaries of clerks in the office of the
depositary at Chicago, two thousand dollars.
For salaries of clerks and watchmen in the
office of the depositary at Pittsburg, two thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
For salaries of clerks and messengers in the
office of the depositary at Baltimore, five thou-
sand dollars.
For salaries of clerks in the office of the
depositary at Cincinnati, ten thousand dollars.
For compensation to designated depositaries,
under fourth section of-the act of August sixth,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, for the collec-
tion, safe-keeping, transfer, and disbursement
of the public revenue, five thousand dollars.
For salaries of additional clerk[s], and addi-
tional compensation of officers and clerks under
act of ^ugust sixth, eighteen hundred and forty-
six, for the better organization of the Treasury,
at such rates as the Secretary of thp Treasury
may deem just and reasonable, sixty thousand
dollars. .
For compensation to special agents to exam-
ine the books,, accounts, and money on hand
at the several depositories, under the act of the
sixth of August, eighteen hundred and forty-
six, six thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses under the act of the
sixth of August, eighteen hundred and forty-
six, for the collection, safe-keeping, transfer,
and disbursement of the public revenue, in
addition to premium which may be received
on transfer drafts, one hundred thousand dol-
lars : Provided, That no part of said sum shall
be expended for clerical services.
For checks and certificates of deposit for
office of Assistant Treasurer at New York, and
other offices, eight thousand dollars. , >■-.
governments in the territories.
Territory of New Mexico.
For salaries of Governor, chief justice and
two associate judges, and secretary, twelve
thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory,
fifteen hundred dollars.
For interpreter and translator in the execu-
tive office, five hundred dollars.
" Territory of Utah.
For salaries of Governor, chief justice, two
associate judges, and secretary, twelve thou-
sand dollars. ,
For contingent -expenses of the Territory,
fifteen hundred dollars.
Territory of Washington.
For salaries of Governor,'chief justice, two
associate judges, and secretary, twelve thou-
sand five hundred dollars. •
For contingent expenses of said Territory,
fifteen hundred dollars. ,
Territory of Colorado.
For salaries of Governor and superintendent
of Indian affairs, chief justice and two asso-
ciate judges, and secretary, eleven thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the -Territory,
one thousand dollars.
Territory of Dakota.
For salaries of Governor and superintendent
of Indian affairs, chief justice and two asso-
ciate judges, and secretary, twelve thousand
dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
Territory of Arizona.
For salaries of Governor, chief justice and
two associate judges, and secretary, twelve
thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
For interpreter and translator in the execu-
tive office, five hundred dollars.
Territory of Idaho.
For salaries of Governor and superintendent
of Indian affairs, chief justice and two asso-
ciate judges, and secretary, twelve thousand
dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
Territory of Montana.
For compensation of Governor and superin-
tendent of Indian affairs, chief justice and two
associate judges, and secretary, twelve thou-
sand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
Territory of Wyoming.
For salaries of Governor and superintendent
of Indian affairs, chief justice, two -associate
justices, and secretary, twelve thousand three
hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers of the Legislative Asssemfily, officers,
clerks, and contingent expenses of the Assem-
bly, twenty thousand dollars: Provided, That
hereafter the members of both branches of the
Legislative Assemblies of the several Terri-
tories shall be chosen for the term of two years,
and the sessions of the Legislative Assemblies
shall be biennial. And each territorial Legis-
lature shall, atitsfirst session after the passage
of this act, make provision by law for carrying
this act into effect.
judiciary.
Office of the Attorney General.
For- salaries of the Attorney General, law
clerk, and chief clerk, two clerksof class four,
two clerks of class three, one clerk of class
one, and one messenger in his office, twenty-
five thousand two hundred dollars.
For salaries of two assistant attorneys gen-
eral, at four" thousand dollars each, eight thou-
sand dollars.
For salary of one clerk, two thousand dollars.
' For salary of two clerks of class four, three
thousand six hundred dollars.1
Contingent expenses of the office of the
Attorney General, namely:
For fuel, labor, furniture, stationery, and
miscellaneous items, ten thousand dollars.
For purchase of law and necessary books for
the office of the Attorney General, one thousand
dollars.
Justices of the Supreme Court of the United
States.
For salaries of the Chief Justice and six asso-
ciate justices, forty-two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For one associate justice, six thousand dol-
lars. - .
For traveling expenses of the judge assigned
to the tenth circuit for attending session of the
Supreme Court"of the United States, one
thousand dollars. - j
For salaries of the district judges of the
United States, one hundred and sixty-five
thousand dollars.
For salariesof thechiefjusticeof thesupreme
court of the District of Columbia, the associate
judges, and judge of the orphans' court, nine-
teen thousand dollars.
For salary of the reporter of the decisions of
the Supreme- Court of the United States, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the district attorneys,
twelve thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the district marshals,
fourteen thousand eight hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
heads of the several Executive Departments be,
and they are hereby, directed to report at the
opening of the session of Congress beginning
on the first Monday of December next, the
number of desks in their several Departments,
the'number.Tjf clerks in their several Depart-
ments, the number employed therein during
the preceding fiscal year, when employed and
when discharged, and the amount.of compens-
ation received by each, and what reduction,
if any, can be made in thfe number of clerks in
each grade. • .
Approved, March 3, 1869.
m  
Chap. CXX1I.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for sundry Civil Expenses 3f the Gov-
ernment for the year ending Jane thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy, and for other
purposes. ' ■'
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of_ Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and,the same ^re hereby, appropriated, for
the objects hereinafter expressed, for the fiscal
year endipg the thirtieth June, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, viz:
loans and treasury .notes.
■ For necessary expenses in carrying into effect
the several acts of Congress authorizing loans
and the issue of Treasury .notes, one million
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
miscellaneous.
For carrying out the provisions of the act of
the thirtieth of August, eighteeen hundred and
fifty-two, for the better' protection of the lives
of passengers on vessels propelled in whole or
in part by steam, and of the acts amendatory
thereof, the following sums, to wit: for the
salaries of the supervising and local inspectors,
seventy-six thousand eight hundred dollars;
for the traveling expenses of the supervising
inspectors, ten thousand dollars; for the trav-
eling expenses of the local inspectors, fifteen
thousand dollars: Provided, That whenever the
public interest requires it, any local inspector
may be allowed for, travel in any one year a
sum not exceeding seven hundred dollars. For
the salary and traveling expenses of a special
agent of the Department, three thousand six
hundred dollars; for the expenses of the meeting
of the board of supervising inspectors, including
travel and necessary incidental expenses, print-
ingof Manual and Report,four thousand dollars;
for stationery, for furniture of offices and repair
thereof, for repair and transportation of instru-
ments, and for fuel and lights, fifteen thousand
dollars.
. For expenses in detecting and bringing to
trial and punishment persons engaged in coun-
terfeiting Treasury notes, bonds, and other
securities of the United-States, as well as the
coins of the United States, and. other frauds
upon the Government, one hundred thousand
dollars.
To meet expenses to be incurred in the pros-
ecution and collection of claims'due the'United
States, fifteen thousand dollars, to be disbursed
under the direction of' the Secretary- of the
Treasury.
For. facilitating communication between the
Atlantic and Pacific States by electrical tele-
graph, forty'thousand dollars.
For supplying deficiency in Ihe fund for the
relief of sick and disabled seamen, one hun-
dred thousand dollars.
