1869.
THS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1489
prevail for the time being. That is the law
now in Missouri.
Mr, STEWA.RT. I inquire of the Senator
from illiiioi* if it would not have the effect to
cut off the opportunity of getting questions
before the Supreme Court on a certificate of
division of opinion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; it is not in-
tended to do so. It gays " for the time being."
It would only prevail in the circuit court. I
suppose they could certify it up. If there i«
any difficulty about that it ought to be guarded
ir- that rwppct.
Mr. STEWART. I am not certain about
that.
Mr. FESSENDEST. My impression is that
this would present that It would be the
decision of the case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is any difficulty
about that I should not be willing to have it go
on the bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Let the amendment be
reported again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And he it further enacted, That the jas'icr: of the
Supreme Court when present shall presidein said cir-
cuitcourt, and in his absence the cireuit court judge
when present shall preside; and when said circuit
court fhatl be held fey any two of the judges above
mentioned and they snail disagree about any mat-
ter or tains. the opinion of the presiding judge sbail
pros-nil an-i be the opinion and decision of the court
for the time being.
Mr. HOWARD. It is quite obvious that
that contemplates adectsion of the question by
the court; it is to be determined by the cireuit
judge if be is the presiding judge, or by the
judge of the Supreme Court if he is the pre-
siding judge: and it repeals the provision of
law existing at present forsaking up cases to
the Supreme Court on a division of opinion.
The only way to review such a decision would
be upon writ of error or bill of exceptions.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, there would
be no difficulty in getting a review in the
Supreme Court if you adopt the amendment.
The object of the amendment is to obviate the
necessity for a review on every interlocutory
question which may arise in the course_ of a
trial below where there is a division of opinion
between the two judges. These courts are to
be held onder this bill, as it now stands, by
two judges of equal authority; and, of course,
if they divide upon any question iu the course
of a trial you cannot get a decision upon that
question ; there is a division and you must
take an appeal, or it must be certified up and
you must have that question settled here, and
then it goes back, and you have gained by that
one appeal one step in the cause; and the
very nest question that arises iu the coarse of
the trial there may be another division,_ and
you must come back here and get a decision
upon that question ; but with this amendment,
if the Senate will agree to the amendment,
then you have a decision of the court upon
every question that arises, and finally you have
a final judgment in the cause, and upon that
judgment you take your writ of error and
bring it np here and have a review upon all
the questions which arise on the trial. _
With this provision there is no necessity for
thisdivisioiiol'opinion. Wheuyougetyourjudg
ment below you get something upon which you
can sue out a writ of error, and when your writ
of error is returned you have a record here upon
which every error to be assigned in the record
of the trial below can be reviewed in one hear-
ing and can all be settled. It seems to me that
no right is endangered, but on 'ho contrary
you acquire great facilities for having errors
reviewed in the Supremo Court.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.^ '! he ques-
tion it on the amendment of the Senator tr<<m
Wisconsin.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I A ink it mil not do to
allow the amendment to go on as it is proposed
without modifying it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to my col-
league to put two or three lines at the end of it.
in the shape of a proviso, that nothing COti-
40th OON'u 3D SF-S - - No 94.
tewed in this section shSH prevent the right
of certifying in cases of a division of opinion.
Mr. HOWE. That wouM render nugatory
the amendment.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. I did not understand
that njy colleague proposed hj the amendment
to prevent a ease being certified up by a divis-
ion of opinion.
Mr. HOWE. I want to prevent a division
of opinion. I want a court in which you can
have decisions and not divisions. Where you
have a double-headed court you must go with-
out appeal, or it must be certified up upon a
division of opinion. I want a court which can
make decisions, and whose decisions, every
one of them, can be reviewed. The differ-
ence between the law as it will stand with this
amendmentand withoutitis just this: that you
will have one review and settle all questions
that may arise in the trial, whereas under the
law which provides for certifying up a ques-
tion on a division of opinion you may have a
dozen reviews or you may have a dozen hear-
ings in the Supreme Court before you get a
judgment in the circuit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think the dif-
ficulty would arise which the Senator from
Wisconsin suggests if a few words were added
to that amendment. The amendment now
reads that the opinion of the presiding judge
shall be the decision for the time being. Now
add to that " but shall not interfere with cer-
tifying a division of opinion as now provided
bylaw." What would the effect of that be?
In cases of the admissibility of testimony, sup-
pose the two judges disagree : there your case
stops. If this amendment obtains, the opinion
of the presiding judge would prevail, tlje tes-
timony would be admitted for the time being,
and the case go on, and still that question
could be certified up to the Supreme Court, and
you might get a decision upon it on a certifi-
cate of division of opinion, although the case
might not be finally disposed of. There is a
class of cases where it is desirable to have
the opinion of the Supreme Court during the
progress of the trial, as in a chancery suit that
may last for several years; the judges may
differ in regard to it; the opinion of the pre-
siding judge might prevail for the time being
and the case go on, and you might certify that
division up and have the opinion of the Su-
preme Court upon that point while the trial
was progressing. It would not destroy en-
tirely the efficacy of the proposition, but I
should be unwilling to agree to the amend-
ment as it is offered.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest to the Senator
from Wisconsin that when you take away that
mode of bringing a case up you may require
further legislation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the trouble.
Mr. STEWART. Iu the administration of
criminal law questions are brought here on
certificates of division. This amendment would
stop all that class of eases coming up. Now.
wc should not do that without examination by
the Judiciary Committee to see what further
legislation is necessary. I concur that this is
not a very good system, and that, perhaps,
something could be devised that would be bet-
ter; but 1 do not think we ought to cut it off
without investigation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ibelievethatthegreater
part of the cases that come up to the Supreme
Court on a division of opinion between the two
judges below come up by an arrangement
between the two judges where they themselves i
have very considerable doubt as to what the '
law is and deem it advisable to certuy a divis-
ion of opinion for the sake of getting the decis-
ion of the Supreme Court and settling it. 1 hat
has been the case certainly in several instances
known to me, in some ot which I have been
mvself personally interested ascounsel. 1 think
the system is a very good one, so far as that is
concerned, and works very well in other cases.
4t anv rate, I should not like, without, further
i investigation, to take it away by a sweeping
[ clause ot this! kind, .
. Mr. HOWE Will the Senator explain to
me what praetieal difficulty there is in taking
a cage up if you adopt this amendment? Every
question that arises will then be decided one
way or the other, and an exception taken to that
decision enables the party who feels aggrieved
to bring it up; If he does not want to bring
it up, very well. If you have two judges with
equal jurisdiction the trouble is that if they
choose to disagree the cause goes to the Su-
preme Court although neither party may feel
interest enough iiritto be willing to.bringit up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think there may be
cases where the judges-tnay deem it advisable
without a trial t.o certify a decision of opinion
on a question material to the cause, oil which
perhaps the law .of the case might rest entirely.
If he decided one way the case might be dis-
missed. In such cases I think it is well that
the power should continue. There will b,e no
practical difficulty in leaving the law as it is in
this respect, for the reason that no two judges
fit for a place on the bench would ever think
of certifying ^difference of opinion on any little
interlocutory matters, if they may be so called,
that occur in the course of a trial. Take, for
instance, the matter of admission of testimony.
As the Senator from Wisconsin says, exception
may be taken and a writ of error maybe brought
afterward to cover all these questions. My
difficulty is that I do not want to take away a
power which I believe has been found very use-
ful in many cases, and will continueto be found
useful.
Mr. HOWE. This amendment did not ori-
ginate with me. It originated with a lawyer
who is distinguished for his learning, and who
has had.long practice in these courts. It was
explained to me. I should not have ventured
to move it if I had supposed it would be ob-
jectionable to the chairman of the committee
who has charge of this bill. I do not wish to
embarrass the bill. I think it ought to pass.
I confess myself somewhat surprised in seeing
the number of learned lawyers here who insist
that it is of the utmost importance to litigants
not merely that they should have the privilege
of bringing error committed in the court below
up here for review, but that they should have
the liability resting over them of having their
causes sent here a dozen times during their pro-
gress in the court below, not for errors com-
mitted but for instructions to be given to that
court. I never supposed that to be an advan-
tage to litigants. It was a necessity, and must
be so where your court is constituted of two
judges. I think all courts should be composed
of either one judge or of an unequal number
of judges. Then you save this difficulty. But
I will withdraw the amendment rather than
encounter the opposition which is made to it
here.
The PRESIDENT jpro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE Itorjli.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox. its Clerk, announced
that the President of the United States haviiig
returned to the House of Representatives, m
which it originated, the bill (H. R. No. 1460)
entitled "An act regulating the duties on im-
ported copperand copper ores,' with his objec-
tions thereto, the House of Representatives had
proceeded in conformity with the Constitution
to reconsider the same; and had '' resolv ed that
the bill do pass, two thirds of the House of
Representatives agreeing to pass tiie Same.
CKEDDX'i'IALS.
Mr MORTON presented the credentials of
Hon. Daniel D. Pratt, chosen by the Legis-
lature of Indiana a Senator from that State for
the term commencing on the 4th day of March,
1869 ; which were read, and ordered to be hiea.
LAKD WARRANTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
The motion was agreed to > and the bill. (H.
R. No, 568) explanatory of the act entittea
