1889.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
537
Mr. ROOTS. Mr. Speaker, the sad subject
occupying the attention of this honorable body
is one that bears upon my mind with peculiar
force. 1 was personally acquainted with James
Iiixns duringa busy portion of his eventful lite,
and it was in the district that I have the honor
to represent iu which he met his terrible death
by political assassination.
His life, though short, was long enough for
many hundreds to have become so endeared as
to have wished it longer. His life, though short,
was long enough to afford a wonderfully in-
structive lesson of encouragement to all those
iu this crowded world struggling against the
barriers of poverty. Its history is an account
of ihe child of poverty, developed into the hon-
ored mail by its own exertions. Its history
recounts what mighty results may be accom-
plished 011 no other capital than a clear intel-
lect under the impetus of an indomitable will.
Generally, when one falls so young the excla-
mation is, "Oh! what might have been." In
this instance imagination might, feast itself on
such a theme ad libitum; but that is not ne-
cessary. It is grand enough to say, "See what
was!"
Only twenty years ago .Tames Hisds was a
fatherless, penniless lad. But so determined
was he to acquire knowledge that he attended
school when he only did so by hiring a room,
doing Ins own housekeeping, and working
enough beside outside of school hours to earn
the means of paying for his school expenses
and daily living. Such earnest perseverance
created success even under the most lowering
clouds of adversity.
Traveling by such rugged steps he did not
come upon the stage of manhood a mere hot-
house production of opulence, but an earnest,
laborious youth, gradually developed into a
self-made, self-reliant man. Experience taught
him to never wait for the coming of success or
friends, but first make success, and then friends
would come. His nature and training alike
rendered it equally impossible for him to play
sycophant to the rich or oppressed to the poor.
His warm sympathy with the oppressed and
downtrodden touched a responsive chord in
men's hearts that returned him in a remark-
able degree the affection of the masses. The
humblest and most friendless loved him with-
out fear of being repulsed, and learned to re-
gard him as then- especial champion.
When the great struggle came between human
oppression and the nation's life, he was atonce
found positively on the side of his country, and
he went forth to do battle upon the side of loy-
alty, of freedom, and justice to humanity.
It is now, though, nearly four years since the
happy moment arrived when we considered
the struggle ended. We all proudly felt that
henceforth free speech and free men were to
be as universal south of Mason and Dixon's
line as they long had been north. It was at
that happy period that Mr. Hinds was allured
by the genial clime and inviting features of the
Southwest to make his home in Arkansas, and
engaged in the practice of his profession with
an assiduity that received-merited success.
Alas ! it was not long until the fact was de-
veloped that the fieice fires built on human
oppression to destroy and keep destroyed the
relations of the State to the nation were not
extinguished, but only smoldering; com-
pressed and changed, but not abated. When
this i'act was developed, and the question
arose as to whether or not Arkansas should
make an effort to regain her lost sisterhood in
the great family of States, notwithstanding the
od.um and dangers with which those who had
severed the State from her proper relations
cast about such a course, James litXDsbecame
an earnest advocate of her return to the loyal
household. Elected to the constitutional con-
vention by one of the largest majorities in the
State, he soon became recognized as one of the
prominent leaders, and to hirn the humble,
tcii.ng citizen of that State owes a debt of
gratitude he can never repay; fur in the con-
struction of the fundamental law of the State
he was most active in the introduction and
riveting of those points which are barriers of
protection for the many weak against the few
strong, and for the securing to the humblest
all the rights of citizenship granted to the
proudest.
After the adjournment of the convention
and the submittal of its work to the people
he was elected by a remarkably large vote
to a seat in this body, and even in the brief
period of his presence here he exhibited a lively
interest, in the welfare of the State and indefati-
gable efforts to promote her good without fail-
ing to strive for the greatest weal of the whole
nation.
Immediately upon the closing of the summer
session he went to his home and entered vigor-
ously into the canvass for freedom, peace, and
prosperity against caste, oppression, revolu-
tion, and murder. I know, sirs, many of you
may think that the party which Mr. Hinds
opposed was equally anxious for peace with the
party whose principles he espoused. That
might have been the case in other places, but
in Arkansas at least their acts showed that the
Republican party advocated peace with a de-
sire that the beloved white-winged spirit of
peace might settle and abide in the land. But
when the Democracy did for a moment advo-
cate peace their desire seemed to be for pieces
of Radical skulls. To advocate real peace was
not entering upon a holiday pleasure excursion,
but was to brave death and tread on the very
verge of eternity. All this J Alius Hinds knew,
yet faltered not. A few days before lus death
lie wrote to a friend:
" Wo must win the election, stand a. fight, or leave
the State, anil it is sad to think that many of our
number, lift hapsmyseit included, must bo murdered
before seeing the ides of November, to know whether
we win, fight, or leave."
On the day of his murder he was in a county
which lie considered less dangerous than some
through which he had traversed, and he so
expressed himself, but added :
44 With men all over the country bound by terrible
oaths to take Radical lives, we do not know where
thoie is any safety Oh 1 it is tcnible. iJut it may
be that it is all for the he-it, tor they say the ' blood
of the martyr is the seed of the church,' and it may
be that tile loyal blood now drenching this tandwill
arouse those ci i mill ally tun id men who had the power
and withheld the grant of arms to our State author-
ities, and arouse the patriotic masses to reair/.e H is
the nation's duty to protect the nation's citizens.''
Oh ! little did ho think at that, moment, that
ere the sunlight of that beautiful October day
should give way to the cold dew of night his own
soul would be driven from his body by the cold
damp of death. He was traveling with Hon.
Joseph Brooks, another tried and valiant sol-
dier in the great cause of freedom and equal
rights. They were to speak that day about six
miles from the village of Indian Bay. They
had been refused passage on a steamboat be-
cause they were Radicals, and so were belated.
Some hundreds of eager, expectant Repub-
licans were awaiting their arrival. To this
meeting the officers of the Democratic club had
gone as advocates of the adoption of "joint
peace resolutions." The Republicans said that
several Radicals had then recently been killed
in the county, and no Democrats; and therefoie
they thought if the Democracy had suddenly ac-
quired a desire for peace no resolutions were
necessary ; but although some of them thought
it merelva cloak for Democratic vilhany, they
were willing to bind themselves in resolutions
to do what'they intended doing anyhow, and
they therefore unanimously adopted the reso-
lutions. One of the principal signers and
most apparently earnest advocates was George
W. Clark, secretary of the Democratic club.
But as soon as he had signed them he returned
to his home, arriving there before Messrs.
Brooks and Hixijs had reached that far, and
himself gave the fated ones direction as to the
road. When they had ridden on he got his
gun, saddled his horse, and rode alter them.
The intended victims were riding along with
their greatest solicitude at the inomenr, being
anxious thoughts to reach the waiting crowd.
The horses being diiferently gaited, Mr. Brooks
was at the moment, some fifty yards ahead.
The man with grayish suit on rode up near,
but a very little in the rear of Mr. Hinds,
smilingns Judasmavhave smiled when he kissed
his Lord and Master, he engaged in pleasant
conversation. For a second the three thus rode
on, the victims wholly unsuspecting, and the
smiling murderer, with cold-blooded calcula-
tion, waiting for a better opportunity to make
sure of both. An illustration of the meaning of
Democratic peace resolutions is about to be
made. '1 he same hand which a few hours
before signed peace resolutions now grasps the
assassin's weapon; within a very few feet of Mr.
IIi xds' shack, the gun is suddenly raised. Click,
click, hear the triggers! Oh, the terrible in-
stant! bang, bang, goes the gun. Mr. Brooks's
horse, stung with buck-shot, bounds ahead with
a wounded rider, while the second horse madly
leaps forward riderless, and James Hinds lies on
theground motionless, dying. Anotherorderof
the Ku-lUux-Klan has been executed ; smiling
with a fiend's smile upon his features stands
the Democratic assassin ; the soul of another
martyr is sent unshriven before the arbitrator
of eternity; dying, shot in the hack, lies the
Radical Congressman. Would to (rod the cur-
tain of oblivion might drop over thejjcene for-
ever !
James Hinds's spirit has passed from earth,
but his life, deeds, and death will not soon
pass from memory, so well he lived, so hard
he toiled, so young was he gathered into the
unseen fold, that when we think of him we
cannot avoid to lament that:
*' The hand of tho reaper
Tal;os the ears that are hoary.
But the voice of the weeper
Wails manhood in glory."
Ho had so many noble qualities and won so
many strong friends we can very easily drop
the veil of charity over his faults, whatever they
may have been. Had he been faultless he could
not have been human, ft is said a deathbed
is a detector of human hearts. If so, it is
pleasing to know that in his expiring moments,
lying with no more friendly touch than the
breast of mother earth, his few words were not
concerning his own death tortures, but were
expressions of solicitude for his wife and two
sweet daughters whom he loved so dearly.
Could you. sirs, have seen the hundreds of
compressed lips and wet eyes which spoke in
an eloquence and intensity of grief words could
not be framed to utter when his remains passed
through the city of Little Rock. You would
have exclaimed. "Behold, how they loved
him," and certainly he wdio has thus won the
luveof man must have a strong claim on the
mercy of God.
But ceremonies in honor of the dead can
only be beneficial in so far as they affect the
actions of the living. Could the spirit of James
lltxns speak to us to-day it would not be with
an effort to induce fulsome eulogies upon those
who are beyond mortal aid, but from the portals
of the dead he would say protect the living.
The nation has the power to obey such a
request, and when the people arose in their
might and majesty on the ISd day of Novem-
ber, it was to declare in unmistakable terms
their heartfelt approbation of the promise of
him whom thov felt had file power to execute
the promise that freedom and protection should
be guarantied as well on the warm gulf coast
as on the cold lake shores. That was the key-
note to the entire canvass. The mighty leader
of the loyal hosts was a popular man, remark-
ably, deservedly popular for his glorious ser-
vices to his country. But he was most popular
from the full confidence that the people had in
liim that he had the will and the power to speak
into peace and tranquillity the angry waves of
prejudice and passion that were raging in the
South, crimsoned with human gore. It was
the embodiment of that will and power tor
which the nation 111 such overwhelming num-
bers spoke its preference, and the present is
an auspicious moment to inaugurate obedi-
ence to the people's behests. Many good men
