1490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
"An act declaring the title to laud warrants
in certain cases," was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that the act
entitled "An act declaring the title to land
warrants in certain cases," approved^ June 3,
1858, shall be so construed and applied as to
authorize the legal representatives of deceased
claimants to file the proof necessary ยฃ0 perfect
the claims.
The Committee oil the Judiciary reported an
amendment, to insert after the word " claim.-
ants," in.line six, the words "whose claims
were filed prior to their decease and in line
eight to strike out "claims" and insert
'1 same; " so as to read:
Be so construed and applied as to. authorize the
legal representatives of deceased claimants whose
claims were filed prior to their decease to file the
proof necessary to perfect the same.
The amendment was agreod to.-
Mr. POMEROY. I do not understand why
a man's heirs should be debarred in case he did
not file his claim before he died. How is that ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The committee thought
that it was hardly desirable to extend these
bounties beyond the person who was entitled
to them, and to allow creditors and third par-
ties to come in and get them afterwards. The
land warrant is a bounty by the Governm ent, and
where the party himself had taken steps prior
to his decease to obtain the grant he seemed
to have a vested right to have it completed, but
beyond that we were unwilling to go.
Mr. POMEROY. But the Senator knows
that death does not wait for a man to file his
claim. It comes to a man when he is not pre-
pared for it, often before he has filed his claim.
If you are going to make the claim depend on
the fact whether death overtook him I do not
think it is right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The proof cannot be
made at all under the existing law after a man's
decease. This, in the opinion of the committee,
was as far as we ought to go, and would remedy
the difficulty that is complained of.
Mr. POMEROY. I know of no case where
it would be any hardship ; but it looks to me
like a new provision to put into a law that a
man's rights shall depend upon the fact whether
he lived long enough to file his claim or not.
I do not like to have such a provision in the
law, because it does not look to mo like equal
and exact justice. I do not know but that it
will operate well; I do not know any case
where it will not; but I do not believe it is a
good way.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be-en-
grossed, and the bill to be read the third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
fourteenth constitutional amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideiation of Senate
bill No. 077.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 677) to punishthe crime of holding office in
violation of the fourteenth article of the Con-
stitution was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides that any person who
shall hereafter accept or hold an office to
which he is ineligible under the third section
of the fourteenth article of the Constitution of
the United States, or who shall attempt to
hold or exercise the duties of such office, shall
be deemed guilty of a felony against the United
States, and upon conviction thereof shall be
imprisoned not less than three years nor more
than ten, and fined not less than ยง1,000 nor
more than $10,000.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported an
amendment to strike out all alter the enacting
clause of the bill and insert the following:
That any person who shall hereafter knowingly ac-
cept or Loid any office under the United States, or any
hratc to.which he is ineligible under the third sco-
tion of the fourteenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, or who shall attempt to
hold or exercise the duties of any such office, shall
be deemed guilty of a felony against the United
btates, and upon conviction thereof shall be im-
prisoned not more than Ave years and fined not less
than $1,000 nor more than $10,000.
Mr. BUCK ALE W-. I think this is a novel
proposition, substituting an indictment for a
quo warranto or other legal writ by which the
right of a man to an office shall be tested.
Why not leave the law untouched? Why
should questions of qualification under the
amendment to the Constitution be made ex-
ceptional to all other cases of disputed claim
of title to public office? The law affords ample
remedy to a contestant who chooses to raise
in court a question as to the eligibility of an
opponent to hold a public office, The law also
provides amply for raising the question over
the attorney general of the .State, or some
legal officer representing the United States in
a case where the United States officers are
involved.
This bill also, in my judgment, may punish
by criminal proceedings a man, for a mere mis-
take, an error of judgment. To be sure it re-
quires that the act which it punishes shall be
willful; but that is left to the judgment of a
jury, white or black, intelligent or otherwise.
Now, sir, unless there is some very pressing
necessity shown for a measure of this kind 1
think we ought not to multiply penalties, pro-
visions of criminal law, and apply them to con-
tests about the title to civil offices in this coun-
try. It seems to me that in making our laws
complicated, and especially in extending our
criminal laws, we should be very careful and
very certain that there is a strong demand of
public necessity. We know that the disposition,
and a strong disposition, of legislative bodies
is to complicateand increase enactments which
are unnecessary. We ought therefore to guard
against them, and especially where they deal
with the liberty and with the dearest rights of
the citizen. As far as I am advised my judg-
ment is strongly against passing any such bill
as the one proposed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state in a word
why I suppose such a bill is necessary; and it
is for the very reason that the Senator from
Pennsylvania says would require such a bill,
namely, that the public interests require it.
Probably there would have been no necessity
for such a bill as this but for this great war and
for the adoption of the constitutional amend-
ment prohibiting persons who have been en-
gaged in the rebellion, after having taken an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, from holding office. We know the fact
that notwithstanding the adoption of this con-
stitutional amendment persons are put into
office and excercise the functions of office who
are disqualified under the amendment, and
it is producing a serious difficulty in many of
the late rebel States. To remedy that diffi-
culty this bill is proposed, under the clause of
the Constitution which authorizes Congress to
pass the necessary laws to eairy the third sec-
tion of the fourteenth amendment into effect;
and what is the provision? Jt is simply that if
a man knowingly holds an office in violation of
the Constitution of the United States he shall
be subject to fine or imprisonment, as the case
may be one that warrants fine or imprison-
ment, or both, in the judgment of the court
before whom he i3 tried. Some remedy is re-
quired for the existing evil. It is not met by
the old proceeding of a quo warranto or by per-
sons_ contesting the right to the office. The
public have an interest in this. It is intended
to apply to cases where there is no contestant,
and tO'prevent Governors and others from ap-
pointing to office men who are disqualified
under the constitutional amendment. I trust
the Senate will pass it.
Mr. \V IIYTE. I ask the Senator from Illi-
nois why a quo warranto will not lie in a case
of this kind?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it would lie ;
but the public interests and the necessities
giowing out of the great war that has ensued
require a more speedy and efficient remedy.
The quo warranto would do in ordinary cases;
but here is a great section of the country,
covering _ several States, where persons are
undertaking to hold and exercise the functions
of office who are disqualified by the Constitu-
tion, and some more efficient and speedy
remedy is required than the proceeding by quo
warranto. It is in contempt of the Govern-
ment, and it is against the public policy of the
nation; and something more is involved in it
than the mere private right to an office.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, if the
mischief be such as the Senator has described,
I think the appropriate measure would be ex-
tending the jurisdiction of the district courts of
the United States. It is very true that under
your constitutional amendment you can enforce
these disqualifications for holding office, State
or Federal; but the appropriate manner in
which these disqualifications should be en-
forced, wherepersons were improperlyattempt-
ing to usurp the performance of the duties of
public office, would be through the civil tribu-
nals ; and in each of these southern States is
located a district court of the United States.
If there is now a lack of facilities for bringing
a question up before these courts, our commit-
tees might report to us a bill giving additional
remedies, authorizing, for instance, the district
attorney in each of these districts himself in
some summary manner to bring these cases
before the civil tribunal and have them heard.
Now, the argument that there would be too
great delay is not well taken. The probability
is that you would get through a case of contest
before a civil tribunal quite as soon as you would
get a criminal trial in the same court with the
machinery of a jury and all the delays incidental
to-jury trials. Therefore, sir, both upon the
ground of delay which has been named and the
ground of the appropriate character of the pro-
ceeding to be instituted, I insist that this bill is
a mistake, that it unnecessarily extends our
criminal laws and gives a new, inconvenient,
and an improper jurisdiction to the criminal
tribunals, and that all the objects which the
Senator has suggested would be reached with
equal promptness and in a better manner by
civil proceedings. I can only make my objec-
tion ; I do not know that it will avail.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, there is
another question involved in this besides the
question which has been so aptly stated by the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania. This
creates an offense which will bring men before
the courts for trial as for crime, and whenever
they are brought before the courts on trial for
an offense amounting to felony, of course every
judicial tribunal is called upon to construe the
law and the Constitution in such a manner as
to give a fair trial and not to convict unless the
law requires a conviction at their hands. My
attention was not particularly called to this
point until a few days since. My attention has
been called to the clause in the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution which, it is al-
leged, creates this disability ; and whenever
that clause comes to be construed by any judi-
cial tribunal, I think the court will be compelled
in giving it its construction according to its lan-
guage, as well as according to the spirit of the
Constitution and the spirit of all civil laws in
all civilized cou ntries, to hold that the language
of the constitutional amendment does not create
the disability which has been claimed.
The language of the fourteenth amendment,
under which it is claimed that this disability
arises is:
"Sec. 3. ffo person shall bo a Senator or Represent
ative in Congress, or elector of President or Vice
President, or hold any office civil or military under
the United States or under any State who, having
previously taken an oath asamember of Congressor
as an officer of the United States, or as a member of
any State Legislature, or.as an executive or judicial
officer of any State, to support the Constitution of
the United States, shall have engaged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion against the same, or given aid or
comfort to the, enemies thereof; but Congross may
by a vote of two thirds of eaeh House remove sueh
disability."
The language of this provision is in the
future. Every court tfhen called upon to con-
strue it will say that the grammatical construc-
tion of this language looks to the future and
to the future only. It does not look back upon
the past. It denies the right to hold office to
such as shall have engaged in the rebellion ;
and the denial is made when this constitutional
