538
EKE CON&RESSIOJf AL GLOBE.
Janimiy22,
who have always wanted peace, but could not
tear themselves loose frtmi political thralldom
in the heat of political excitement, now express
their earnest, anxious longing for protection of
life and the restoration of peace to the coun-
try. The very leaders of the political assas-
sinations themselves seem now to be partially
revolting from the horrible atrocities of the
execution of their own schemes and orders,
which feeling, added to the wholesome belief
they have that the authorities will be sustained,
lives will be protected,and peace will be main-
tained, is making even them for the time con-
verts to the great loyal heart's desire for res-
toration of peace and protection.
It is not indemnification for the past that is
asked, it is oaly security for the future. The
murdered cannot be brought to life, but mur-
derers can be made to spare the living. Hon-
eyed words alone cannot accomplish this, but
men must be made to feel that protection will
prove more profitable than assassination ; kind
words may do the work if it is positively known
that the nation supports the State authorities,
so that there is a reserve of sterner power
which can be brought to the support of kind-
ness on any instant of emergency. Let party
lines be obliterated in this desire for the main-
tenance o£ peace and protection. Let parti-
sans now be absorbed in patriots, so that all
men, Republicans and Democrats alike, will
feel an inspiration of such God-given patriot-
ism as found utterance from the steps of this
building when nearly four years ago he who
spake as one with less in lum of earth than
heaven, said: "With malice toward none,
with charity for all, with firmness in the right
as God gives us to see the right, let us strive
to do all ivhieh^nay achieve and cherish a just
and lasting peace." His words fell with magic
effect, because while he extended the olive-
branch with the left, in his right hand he
wielded the great American Army, the most
potential power on the face of the earth. The
olive-branch should still be extended, but it
will only be to loose the hand that offers it
unless it is demonstrated that the strong arm
of power will be used whenever necessary to
overwhelm tbe crushing tyranny of lawless-
ness and Oppression.
Agesgonethegreat Omni potent who snatched
time from eternity and spoke system from
chaos, said " Let ther© be light," and the sa-
Cted chronicler informs us "there was light."
To-day the mighty people who have saved the
nation's life in the sanguinary struggle and de-
clared freedom in the kingdom of slavery, have
said "let us have peace." Shall not the his-
torian who records the doings of this year be
allowed to say " there was peace?"
Oh, shall it not be so 1 The spiiit of James
IIiuds unites with hundreds (you know not
how many) of other spirits of treacherously
murdered men in beseechingly asking the ques-
tion. Their suffering widows and orphans,
without even the little comforting crumb of a
Government peusion, are weepingiy asking
the question. rlhe hundreds of thousands of
maimed and crippled loyal men who fought
and suffered beside comrades who, fighting,
fell to establish peace and protection, are earn-
estly^ asking the question. Thirty-eight mil-
lion inhabitants in these United States, whose
prosperity can only be commensurate with the
maintenance of peace and protection, all join
in prayerfully asking the question. The count-
less lovers of treedom throughout the whole
world with one accord are looking to this na-
tion and anxiously asking the question. And,
sirs, remember the Representatives of the peo-
ple and the Government must be responsible
for the answer.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, before the
outbreak of the late civil war the deceased
member from Arkansas was a citizen of the
State of Minnesota, which I have the honor in
part to represent here. His memory is cher-
ished there by many relatives and friends. I
feel constrained, therefore, however reluctant
to trespass on the time of the House, to add
a few words to those already spoken by his
colleagues.
It was my good fortune during the last ses-
sion of this Congress to become comparatively
well acquainted with Mr. Hinds. I learned to
highly esteem his solid worth ; the gentleness
of his character and the modesty of his nature.
He seemed just stepping forth upon a bright
and useful career, possessed of all those quali-
ties of mind and heart which could bestadorn it.
Death is in any form a terrible interruption
of the hopes and plans of life—a rude sunder-
ing of all the ties of affection. It enters like
a fierce intruder amid the warm and glowing
scenes ofour existence, and at one blow strikes
everything to the earth. But when its terrible
aspect comes suddenly upon us, lighted with
the glare of murder, and looks out upon us
through the awful eyes of the assassin, a thou-
sand additional terrors are added to the blow.
Such was the death of him whose loss we
lament to-day.
He died a conspicuous victim amid that long
array of martyrs, that army of the slain, whose
blood has held together this nation, and upon
whose ashes we are to build the temple of our
future greatness. As they pass by us in count-
less multitude their uplifted hands and implor-
ing eyes plead to us to stand faithful to those
great principles of liberty and human progress
for which iliey perished.
The future age will scarce believe that the
dissemination of wise and liberal principles,
the diffusion of the purest light of civilization
over the darkened and benighted portions of
our country could have met with such fierce
resistance, and that men perished in their blood
for being simply the missionaries of this gospel
of equal rights, equal justice, and equal lib-
erty. It is the worst characteristic of error
that it hurls itself with fiercest cruelty against
those who would lift up its victims, while it
licks, beast,-like, the feet of those whose efforts
are directed to increase their sufferings. The
Republican parly has had no mission save to
benefit mankind by alleviating the miseries of
its most unhappy race; to tear down all walls
of caste, and to throw open the gates of oppor-
tunity to all men. Yet, with this noble, Chris-
tian motive as its actuating principle, the waves
of its advance have met everywhere a flood of
blood, and men have seemed to prefer desola-
tion rather than liberty.
It is, however, pleasant to reflect that all
these things are ephemeral; that wrong and
wrath and hate pass away ; that even murder
cannot stay the forward movement of human-
ity; and that amid frothing waves and roaring
breakers the great tide steadily rises, over-
whelming and covering all the weak devices
of man to stay its upward progress.
In that day when peace shall dwell amid the
fair fields of Arkansas, when education shall
be universal, when benevolcnee shall take the
place of old half-forgotten bitterness and hate,
and when the equal rights of men before the
law shall be an accepted, unquestioned axiom,
even as their right to air and light and life,
then shall Arkansas honor herself by erecting
enduring monuments to lifir martyred dead,
and amid them all no more deserving name
shall be recorded upon the marble than that
ofour late esteemed companion and associate
on this floor, Jambs Hikds.
Mr. BOLES. Mr. Speaker, the ruthless de
stroyer, death, has snatched from our number
another victim. My late colleague, Hon. James
Hinds, fell as no other member of this House
before him. Death did not approach him with
stealthy steps, in the form of wasting disease.
He fell, not as the military hero, on the field
of glory amid the multitude who throng the
gates of sudden death, and who continue to
live in song and story. Neither were there atiy
loving hands of wife or children to wipe the
death damp from his blow or to smooth the
pillow on which he died. No loved ones'
tears fell upon his bed of death; but while
stooping to lift the heel of oppression from the
poor and lowly he was stricken to tbe earth.
He fell by the hand of the assassin, the first
martyr of our number to the God-given doc-
trine bequeathed to us by our fathers, that
"all men are born free and equaland
" His virtues
Will plead like angels, trampet-tongned, against
The deep damnation of his taking off."
He was born in Hebron, in the State of New
York, in the year 1833 ; was educated at the
State normal school at Albany, after which he
graduated at the Cincinnati law school; from
t.hence he went, to St. Peter's, Minnesota, and
entered upen the practice of the law. While
in Minnesota he served three years as district
attorney, and for a short time filled the position
of United States district attorney for the State.
During the late war he was a firm, unflinch-
ing supporter of the administration of Presi-
dent Lincoln, although at that time he was a
member of the Democratic party. He was
among the first to offer his service to the Gov-
ernment when the hand of treason was stretched
forth against the life of the nation; but the
examining surgeon refused to accept him, de-
ciding that he was physically incapable of
marching. Nevertheless, when General Sibley
made his campaign against the hostile Indians
of the West Mr. Hixds succeeded 111 enlisting
in the cavalry, doing good service during the
whole campaign.
In the year 1865 Mr. Hinds located himself
at Little Rock, Arkansas, and resumed the
practice of the law, taking but little part in
political matters until after the passage of the
reconstruction acts. Seeing in these acts of
Congress an opportunity to work effectively to
secure the rights of all men in the State of'his
adoption, he fearlessly and ably advocated the
reconstruction measures. He took great pains
to lecture and teach the lately enfranchised
colored men the nature and extent of their
newly-acquired rights as citizens of the United
States; and in doing so he did not forget to
impress them with a sense of the duties and
responsibilities which were incumbent upon
them in their changed condition. His early
and able advocacy of the immutable principle
of justice caused the, loyal men of Pulaski
county to select him as a delegate to the State
constitutional convention in November, 1867,
and was one of the ablest and most industrious
members of that body, reflecting credit upon
himself and the body of which he was a mem-
ber. .
In March, 1808,110 was elected to the Forti-
eth Congress after an arduous and dangerous
canvass in behalf of the ratification of the con-
stitution which he had assisted to frame. He
was admitted to a seat in this body on the 24th
day of June, 1868. His term of service in this
Hall was brief, and his manners were so retired
and unassuming that comparatively few of this
body formed his acquaintance or knew his
worth. Reference to the Journal of the House
will show that he jealously watched the inter-
ests of his adopted State, and was ever ready to
promote them. During the few weeks he oc-
cupied his seat here he introduced a bill for the
sale of the Hot Springs of Arkansas, which
passed the House, his object being to promote
the interestof the school fund of the State. He
also introduced a resolution proposing to open
the Court of Claims to loyal claimants from
Arkansas, which passed the House ; and a res-
olution extending to the State of Arkansas the
benefits of an act of Congress aiding in the es-
tablishment of agricultural colleges ; and a bill
to place colored soldiers enlisted as "slaves"
on an equal footing with white soldiers in regard
to bounty. These bills and resolutions having
been introduced'and two of them passed in one
month show that Mr. Hinds was an active and
industrious member of this body ; and had his
life been spared he would have become a prom-
inent and useful man.
The Legislature, in redistriciing the State,
sepai ated the county in which he ret-ided from
the district he represented, which prevented
