1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
Laws of the United Stales.
40th Cong.... 3d Se,>s.
For fencing and approaches to south front,
twenty thousand dollars.
For annual repairs, ten thousand dollars.
For lepairs and preservation of public build-,
ings, one hundred thousand dollais.
For furniture and repairs of same for public
buildings, fifty thousand dollars.
For fire-proof vaults for depositories, twenty -
five thousand dollars.
For fuel and miscellaneous items for custom-
houses and other public buildings belonging to
the United States, under the supervision of
the Secretary of the Treasury, forty thousand
dollars. -
For the preservation and protection of the
public buildings already commenced and for
the completion of which no appropriation is
made, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For removal of hydraulic weights and con-
struction of the northwest stairway in the Treas-
ury building, ten thousand dollars.
For laying the foundation and commencing
the building for the post office and sub-Treasury
in Boston, Massachusetts, two hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For laying the foundation and commencing
the building for the post office in New York,
two hundred thousand dollars : Provided, That
the Secretary of the Treasury and the Post-
master General are hereby authorized, with the
assent of the State of New York, to exchange
a part or the whole of the point at the south-
erly extremity of the park, now the property of
the United States; with the city of New York,
for an equal or greater amount of land further
up said park with public places on the north-
erly and southerly sides of the land so required:
Provided, That no money shall be paid and no
liability incurred for such exchange.
For custom-house in Bangor, Maine, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For custom-house in Cairo, Illinois, thirty
thousand dollars.
For post office and court-house at Columbia,
South Carolina, seventy-five thousand dollars:
Provided, That the site for the same shall be
given to the United States.
For custom-house in Portland, Maine, sixty
thousand dollars.
For custom-house in St. Paul, Minnesota,
fifty thousand dollars.
For custom-house at Portland, Oregon, fifty
thousand dollars.
For court-house and post office, Madison,
Wisconsin, fifty thousand dollars.
For the completion of a custom-house, court-
house, and post office building at Knoxville,
East Tennessee, in addition to former appro-
priations, five thousand dollars.
For purchase of building known as " the
Club House," at Charleston, South Carolina,
and the fitting up thereof for the use of the
United States courts, forty-six thousand dol-
lars, or so much thereof as may be required,
and the Secretary of the Interior is hereby
authorized to make such purchase and fit up
said building for the said purpose: Provided,
That the same can be done at an expense not
larger than the said forty-six thousand dollars.
For court-house and post office in Portland,
Maine, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For appraisers' stores. Philadelphia, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For branch mint. San Francisco,one hundred
and fiity thousand dollars.
Forcourt-house, Springfield,Illinois, twenty-
five thousand dollars: Provided, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may, at his discretion,
designate any officer of the United States who
has given bonds for the faithful performance
of his duties as disbursing agent lor the pay-
ment of all moneys that are or may be appro-
priated for the construction of public buildings
authorized by law in their respective districts.
INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
Rent of Office for Surveyors General.
For rent of surveyor general's office in the
Territory of Dakota, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, two thousand
dollars.
For office rent of the surveyor general of
Kansas, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, two thousand dollars.
For rent of office for the surveyor general
of Colorado Territory, fugl. books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, two thousand
dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office for the
Territory of New Mexico, fuel, books, sta-
tionery, and other incidental expenses, one
thousand two hundred dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office of Cal-
ifornia and Arizonia, [Arizona,] fuel, books,
stationery, and other incidental expenses, fo.ur
thousand dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office in Ore-
gon, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, including pay of messenger,
two thousand dollars.
For office rent for the surveyor general of
Washington Territory, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, two thousand
dollars.
For rent of office of the surveyor general of
Idaho, fuel, books, stationary, and other inci-
dental expenses, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For rent of office for the surveyor general of
Nevada, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, two thousand dollars.
For office rent of the surveyor general of
Iowa and Nebraska, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, two thousand
dollars.-
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Montana, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, two thousand dollars.
For rent of office of the surveyor general of
the Territory of Utah, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, two thousand
dollars.
For a continuance of the geological survey
of the Territories of the United States, by Pro-
fessor Hayden, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, ten thousand dollars.
For continuing the collection of statistics of
mines and mining, by Professor R. W. Ray-
mond, ten thousand dollars, to be expended
und,er the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury. The sum of twenty-five hundred
dollars appropriated for said purpose by the
act of July twenty, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, shall be transferred by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office to the Treasury De-
partment to be expended as provided in said act.
Public Works under the Supervision of the
Architect of the Capitol Extension.
For finishing and repairing the work of the
United States Capitol extension, seventy-five
thousand dollars.
For finishing and repairing the work on the
new Dome of the Capitol, five thousand dollars.
For the annual repairs of the old portion of
the Capitol, such as painting, glazing, keeping
roof in order, also water-pipes, pavements, and
approaches to the building, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For finishing the work on the north front of
the Patent Office building, and for improving
G street from Seventh to Ninth street, eight
thousatid five hundred dolls-re: Provided, That
the corporation of Washington city cause the
north half of G street between Seventh and
Ninth streets to be paved at the same time, the
cost thereof to be assessed against the private
property fronting thereupon in the manner
usual in cases of suth improvements.
To finish the improvements on the western
front of the Post Office building, on Eighth
street, between E and F streets, for paving,
grading, curbing, and sidewalks, five thousand
six hundred and fifty dollars : Provided, That
the corporation of Washington city cause the
western half of said Eighth street between E
and F streets to be paved at the same time, the
cost thereof to be assessed against the private
property fronting thereupon in the manner
usual in cases of such improvements.
For the purchase of a site at Omaha, Ne*
bfaska, and for the erection upon the same of
a building for a post office, the Federal courts,
and Federal offices, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars. •
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
For the preservation of the collections of
the exploring and surveying expeditions of the
Government, four thousand dollars.
METROPOLITAN POLICE.
For salaries and other necessary expenses
of the Metropolitan police for the District of
Columbia, two hundred and eleven thousand
and fifty dollars: Provided, That a further sum
amounting to one hundred and five thousand
five hundred and twenty-five dollars shall be
paid to the said Metropolitan police force by
the cities of Washington and Georgetown, and
the county of Washington, (beyond the limits
tff said cities,) in the District of Columbia, in
the proportion corresponding to the number of
patrolmen allotted severally to said precincts;
and the corporate authorities of said cities,
and the levy court of said county, are hereby
authorized and required to levy a special tax,
n(ot exceeding one third of one per centum, to
be appropriated and expended foresaid purpose
only, for the service of the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy.
EXPENSES OP THE COLLECTION OP REVENUE PROM
SALES OP PUBLIC LANDS.
For salaries and commissions of registers of
land offices, and receivers of public moneys at
sixty-six land offices, two hundred and eighty-
seven thousand eight hundred dollars.
For incidental expenses of the land offices,
twenty thousand dollars.
SURVEYING THE PUBLIC LANDS.
For surveying the public lands in Minnesota,
at rates not, exceeding ten dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, seven dollars for town-
1 ship, and six dollars for section lines, twenty
thousand dollars; and such construction shall
be given to the joint resolution number thirty,
approved twenty-fifth April, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, as shall not abridge the grant
under the act of June third, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, for a railrrfad from Fond du Lac
northerly to the State line, and the Chicago
and Northwestern Railrdad Company may
select their lands along the full extent of the
original route of said road as filed under the
said act. • ;
For surveying the public lands in Dakota
Territory, at rates not exceeding ten dollars
per mile for standard lines, seven dollars [for]
township and six dollars for section- line?,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Montana
Territory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars
per lineal mile for standard lines, twelve dol-
lars for township and ten dollars for section
lines, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For surveying the public landsin-Nebraska,
at rates not exceeding ten dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, seven dol.ars for town-
ship and six dollars for section lines, forty thou-
sand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Kansas,
at rates not exceeding ten dollars per Jineal
mile for standard lines, six dollars- for town-
ship and five dollars for Section lines, forty
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Colorado,
at rates «ot exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for town-
ship and ten dollars for section lines, thirty
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Idaho, at
rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per mile for
standard lines, twelve dollars for township and
ten [dollars] for section lines, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
