1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1401
amendment is adopted. It operates infuturo,
and infuturo alone.
Besides, the whole spirit of the Constitution
is against ex post facto laws. In express terms
it declares against expost facto laws in another
provision: •' no bill of attainder or expost facto
law shall be passed." An ex post facto law
has reference to punishment for crime, dis-
ability for crime, and so has a bill of attainder
and bills of pains and penalties whatever they
may be, for disability to hold office or disfran-'
chisement is punishment after crime, and held
to be such in England and in this country and
in the various States. So, whenever this third
section of the fourteenth amendment comes
to be construed by an independent judiciary,
construing its language according to the Eng-
lish grammar, and construing this' seetion in
the spirit of English liberty, which abhors ex
post facto laws, bills of attainder, and bills of
pains and penalties, it will be held, in my judg-
ment, that this provision of this section looks
to the futnre and not to the past. They will
hold that it could not have been intended that
men, without trial, without conviction, should
be subjected to bills of pains, of penalties, to
disabilities.
Mr. President, I shall not stop to argue this
matter. I simply state the point. I believe
that whenever this question eoraes to be argued
before and adjudicated by an independent tri-
bunal like the Supreme Court of the United
States it will be held that by a fair construc-
tion of this language, as well as by thespiritof
the Constitution and by the spirit of the civiliza-
tion of all ages, it is abhorrent to say that it
looks to the past; it can only look to the future.
I say this in addition to the observations
which have been made by the honorable Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania as a reason why I shall
feel constrained to vote against thisproposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have but a word to say
in reply to the Senator from Wisconsin. We
all know what was the intention of this consti-
tutional amendment when it was passed, and
we understand its history, at least the Senator
from Wisconsin and myself do, who were part
of the body that enacted it. The construction
which he attempts to put upon it would be, I
think, at war with the whole Constitution. If
the Senator will turn back to the third section
of the first article of the Constitution he will
find it provided in the third paragraph of that
section that " no person shall be a Senator
who shall not have attained the age of thirty
years." Did that mean that he must have at-
tained the age of thirty years after the Consti-
tution was adopted ? According to the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin it did; for it must be pros-
pective. Surely he would not put that con-
struction upon it. The language is almost pre-
cisely the same in the third section of the
fourteenth amendment. How does it read:
" No person shall be a Senator," &e., •< w
* "who shall have en^rir-nrl in insurrection or re-
bellion against the United States."
When you leave out the intervening words
that is the whole of it. No person shall be a
Senator who shall have engaged in insurrec-
tion against the United States. No person
shall be a Senator who shall not have attained
the age of thirty years. How are these para-
graphs to be construed ? Clearly, a person was
not deprived of the right to be a Senator be-
cause he had attained the age of thirty years
before the Constitution was adopted; nor is a
person authorized to be a Senator because he
had engaged in insurrection or rebellion before
the fourteenth amendment was adopted. The
cases seem to me to be analogous. The literal
grammatical construction of the sentence is
such as to cover this, and it was intended, as
we all know, by those who passed it to cover
the cases of those who bad taken part in the
late rebellion against the Government.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Those words which say
"no person shall be a Senator who shall not
have attained to the age of thirty years" are
simply another mode of saying that no person
shall be a Senator who is not thirty years of
age. It is simply describing the person.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Exactly; and
this is only another mode of saying that no
person shall be a Senator who shall at the time
he assumes to be a Senator have engaged in
rebellion._ The cases are entirely similar. The
construction of the sentence is perfectly clear:
no person Shall hold an ojfice who shall at.the
time he assumes to hold office have engaged
in a rebellion, past or future. But the objec-
tion of the Senator from Wisconsin is that the
constitutional amendment is unconstitutional,
which is a new objection, because it is expost
facto in its character. Why, sir, it does not
impose any punishment at all. Itfixes a qual-
ification for officeholders, to wit, loyalty—a
very common qualification for a Government
to insist on. There is certainly nothing in this
bill that is ex post facto, for it speaks only of
the future, where any person who shall here-
after knowingly accept of any office in viola-
tion of the Constitution, so that I do not see
that there is anything in the objection made.
Mr. PERRY. Mr. President, I desire to
offer an amendment to this bill of which I
gave notice some weeks since, and I suppose
from the character of the amendment it is
necessary for me to offer it before the vote is
taken on the amendment of the committee, as
it is in the nature of a perfecting of the ori-
ginal bill. Therefore, I now send my amend-
ment to the Chair.
The proposed amendment was read. Itpro-
poses so to amend the bill as to make it read:
Be it enacted, &c., (two thirds of botli Houses con-
curring,) That any person now disqualified to hold
office by theibird scction of the fourteenth article of
the Constitution of the United States may file in the
Department of State a declaration by him duly
signed affirming that he holds true and paramount
allegiance to the United States of America, and that
he will faithfully support the Constitution and laws
thereof: which declarationshall bo acknowledged to
be his free and voluntary act before some officer
authorized to take acknowledgment of deeds, shall
be attested by two witnesses, and shall set out the
places of abode of the declarant and the witnesses
aforesaid; and it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of State at the end of each month to transmit to the
President of the United States a list of the names of
such persons as may havefiledsuch declarations dur-
ing the month with their places of abode; anditshall
thereupon be the duty of the Presidentof the United
 States to issue his proclamation setting forth thefact
'that such declarations have been filed as aforesaid,
and the names and places of abode of the declarants;
and thereupon sueh declarants shall, from and after
the date of such proclamation, be relieved from ail
the disabilities aforesaid.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I somewhat doubt
whether this is strictly in order, but assuming
that it is in order it is entirely incongruous
with the bill that is pending. The bill under
consideration is a bill to prevent persons dis-
qualified by the Constitution from holding
office from undertaking to do so. Now the
Senator from Connecticut proposes to amend
that by a bill removing political disabilities.
The Senator from Connecticut I apprehend
agrees with me that persons disqualified by
the Censtilution ought not to be permitted to
hold office. I should like to know if the Sen-
ator from Connecticut does not agree to that
proposition.
Mr. PERRY. I do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That being so, he now
moves to strike out the entire bill making a
provision that shall prevent disqualified per-
sons from holding office and to substitute in
lieu of it a bill removing political disabilities.
Of course that destroys the bill which is under
consideration. I sympathize to a great ex-
tent with the Senator from Connecticut in his
desh'e to remove political disabilities. I be-
lieve that, Congress should do that as rapidly
as it can be done consistently with the public
safety. I think some general bill on that sub-
ject may be passed at an early day. but it seems
to me that to destroy a bill that be himself is
for by offering such a proposition here is en-
tirely out of place.
Mr. PERRY. The Senator is mistaken. I
did not say I was for this bill under any cir-
cumstances.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator did not.
He is, however, opposed to allowing disquali-
fied persons to hold office ; he goes that far,
but he is not willing to adopt the bill, pr at
least Tie has not expressed himself as willing
to adopt the bill which.the committee have re-
ported as the best they could devise to" secure
that object.' I trust the amendment of the
Senator from Connecticut will not prevail upon
this bill. This, is not the proper and appro-
priate place for it. We have bills pending to
remove political disabilities, and I suggest to
my friend that tbis'amendment is entirely ap-
propriate upon bills which are brought in here
to remove political disabilities, and it is wholly
inappropriate to the bill under consideration.
Mr. PERRY. Mr. President, I have not
offered this amendment as an amendment to
any of the disability bills which have hitherto
been brought in, for this reason : whenever I
have suggested a desire thus to offer this amend-
ment I have been besought by the Senator
having in charge the disability bills not to em-
barrass or endanger them by seeking to attach
to them this particular amendment, or indeed
any other amendment, and in compliance with
that request I have refrained from presenting
the amendment as an attachment to such bills.
But I regard the amendment, as I view the bill
now pending, as entirely germane and proper.
I do not think that so long as the Constitution
of the United States holds certain classes of
citizens disqualified to hold office they should
be elected to office and inducted into office;
but while I think that I do' not think that the
bill of pains and penalties which the Judiciary
Committee have reported is either wise or ex-
pedient. I think that it will increase the exist-
ing evil tenfold. The one thing which is sought
to be remedied by this bill is an evil existing
in that persons disqualified from holding office
are elected by the people to office and are in-
ducted into office. Now, I would remove that
evil by removing the disqualification. The Sen-
ator from Illinois would remove the evil by
making the taking of the office a felony and
imposing fines and imprisonments, and by set-
ting up an extraordinary political jurisdiction
throughout the southern communities, which
in my judgment can be productive of nothing
but disaster wherever you set it up. On the
other hand, remove the disabilities now hang-
ing over the persons who have been chosen to
these offices, or give them the opportunity to
remove them which I propose by my amend-
ment, and the evil which the Judiciary Com-
mittee seek to remedy is at once removed.
And now what do I propose? In the first
place, I exclude from the operation of nay
amendment every person who has been a mem-
ber of either House of Congress or who has
held a commission in the military or naval ser-
vice. 1 provide that any other person now
laboring under disabilities 'may file a declara-
tion in the Department of State, signed by him-
self and attested by two witnesses and acknowl-
edged before a magistrate having power to take
acknowledgments of deeds, which declaration
shall affirm that the declarant holds true and
paramount allegiance to the United States of
America, and that he will faithfully support the
laws and Constitution thereof. What do you
want more? In the case of men who are dis-
qualified from holding office because they were
elected or appointed justices of the peace ten
or fifteen years before the war, and have since
voted for the ordinance of secession, what do
you want more of them beyond the filing in one
of our public Departments of a solemn declara-
tion, attested in the presence of their neigh-
bors, acknowledged before a magistrate, that
they hold true and paramountallegianee to this
Government, and that they will be faithful to
the Constitution and laws thereof? Time and
time again have I heard Senators here having
charge of disability bills declare that they were
willing to remove these disabilities as far as
practicable, but that they wanted those who
wished their disabilities removed to come and
ask for it. That is what I have provided for.
That is one reason why 1 have used the phrase-
ology in the amendment to meet that demand.
Again, I have heard other Senators declare
that they would never vote for the removal of
