540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
top nor a leaf trembles upon the aspen. They
have been taken in times of public tranquillity,
from peaceful and quiet homes, where there
was "'no lack of gentle nursing," surrounded
by affectionate kindred and devoted friends,
whose pious hauds closed their-eyes in death.
But alas I how different with him to whose
memory we pay the tenderness of our regards.
He was stricken down in the brightness of
noonday splendor by the hand of a cowardly
assassin, so hardened in crime that he waited
not for the cover of.darkness to gratify his
thirst for the blood of a loyal man. An an-
cient historian of standing authority, in speak-
ing of the death of the Roman general who
led his victorious legions over Britain, ac-
counted his chieftain who had faced death on
many a battle field happy because by his death-
bed sat his affectionate wile, and over his
grave shed the tears of her affectionate re-
membrance. These tender, sacred rites of
the Roman general were denied a member of
the American Congress, and the departed
passed unwept to his last resting place.
But we turn from this sad picture to the
contemplation of his virtues, to emulate which
is more manly and befitting than to indulge in
the lamentations of grief.
Mr. Hinds has gone ; he has passed his trial
and got his verdict; but his heroic self-sacri-
ficeiu the priceless cause of liberty and justice,
of light and truth—the very light and life of
men—is not lost. Men die; but forces and
principles are eternal and operative evermore.
The liberty he demanded for himself he con-
ceded to all men, and aid^d them to achieve
it. hi the mighty struggle lie even dared to
die ; and who shall say he did not die in a
noble cause ?
"'the fittest plnee for man to dio
Id where he dies tor wan."
Let us trust and hope that one who bore his
part so worthily was himself consecrated by the
noble cause he espoused.
'1 hat. was a beautiful custom, Mr. Speaker,
in the Middle Ages, which led the lover in the
stillness of the midnight hour to seek the grave
of his affianced, and seating himself by her
side, with bated breath and uncovered head,
listened to her words of warning and her com-
mands of duty. Methiuk if we were to pause
to-day and place our ears by the side of the
grave of the nation's dead, of all the thousands
who have been immolated upon their country's
altars; if thespiiit of the noble dead who
have (alien during and since the war. in the
cause of equal rights and civil liberty for all
men, from our martyred President to this mo-
ment, could speak, the profound lesson of this
bereavement would be as clear as the noonday
sua. What, then, is the lesson of this national
bereavement, this long-continued baptism of
blood? It is, I believe, this, and to this, it
seems, the index-finger of God's providence
points, it is to make speech as free, as respected
in Arkansas—yes, on the very spot where our
lamented associate fell—as beneath the shadow
of this national Capitol; it is to make the pro-
tecting shield of American citizenship as pow-
erful to the humblest eitizen, of whatever race
or color, in Texas as in New England; it is to
secure to the weakest citizen of the Carolinas
the same political and civil rights enjoyed by
the most favored citizen of Massachusetts. In
short, it is to make peace, liberty, and personal
security, blessings all over our common coun-
try, as universal as the air we breathe. Doing
this, we shall pay our highest tribute and our
tenderest regards to the memory of the noble
dead; we shall act worthy of a noble ancestry
and a glorious history; we shall honor and pay
tribute to the grandeur of American nationality
at home and abroad.
Mr. MULLINS. I rise, Mr. Speaker, to
pay my tribute of respeet to the passing bier
of the dead as it is borne by my door. It is
one of the most solemn occasions that man
can possibly be called upon to behold. The
great Creator has declared that "by sin death
entered into the world, so that death has passed
upon all men.'' Hence the decree of Him who
brought the world out of chaos, that "man is
of but few days and full of trouble." In con-
sequence of siti man must die; his days are
numbered, and they fly swift as a weaver's
shuttle. His life is but a span. Nevertheless,
Mr. Speaker, human life is the gift of God, and
should not be taken by a fellow mortal, except
it be necessary, in consequence of the violation
of the laws of society, that a man should forfeit
his life so that peace and good order may be
preserved.
Sir, I cannot sit silently here while this
requiem of death is beingsounded on our border
anil this solemn procession is marching by me.
1 turn to those who are paying their last respeet
to their colleague who has fallen a martyr to
the cause of liberty and of the perpetuity of a
Government.that has spread its benign influence
over the civilized world, and I join with them
on this occasion of more than ordinary solem-.
nity in paying my tribute to departed worth. It
is but a few days since we were called upon to
perform this duty to the memory of others who
passed from among us. They have given up
their life while in the service of their country.
God, in his own good time, has removed them.
But we are now called upon to pay the last sad
tribute of respect over the pale and palsied
frame of one who has been murdered in his
country's cause and by that country's enemies.
Looking back to the earlier history of the
United States, what do we witness? In the
State of South Carolina there transpired a scene
that makes my heart grow cold when I think of
it. While the first defenders of our country
were there arrayed against a foreign foe that
was invading our soil the patriot Hayne was
murdered by a British court-martial. What a
picture do we behold I His wife and family,
clad in the habiliments of mourning, implore
that the life of the husband and the father may
be spared. But no; falling into the hands of
the enemies of our Government he must die,
and die upon the gibbet. In the same way
those who to-day are following the paths marked
in blood by our fathers must suffer and die,
falling victims to the enemies of the Govern-
ment, who array themselves against all who
would perpetuate liberty for themselves and
their posterity. Thus it was with Mr. Hinds.
Periling everything to perpetuate liberty and
to deliver those who had been in bondage, who
had been overridden by rebellion, he is shot
down without amoment's warning, andhis im-
mortal spirit takes its flight to—
"The undiscovered country, from whose bourn
No traveler returns."
For him all the affairs of time are now ended.
It only remains for those of his survivors who
sympathized with the cause to which he devoted
his life to testify their condolence with his rela-
tives and personal friends. We can do no more
than show that our hearts beat with sympathy
and mourn with those who are bowed down in
the affliction of bereavement.
Sir, we have had in my own State instances
of the same fiendish spirit that wreaked its ven-
geance upon Mr. Hixds. One of the senators
in our State Legislature,going to visit his family
for a few days,was attacked by this same band,
the enemies of republican government, and was
murdered within a few miles of his home. There
was another member of our Legislature whose
son was the victim of a similar cold-blooded
murder. This was in 1866 or 1867. And, sir,
since this session of Congress has begun the
news has come to us in the public prints that
Captain Dowdy, another member of our State
Legislature, while on a visit to the western part
of the State, was murdered by a band of assas-
sins such as those who took the life of Mr.
Hinds.
Why, in the ordering of Divine Providence,
these atrocities are permitted God alone knows.
My mind can come to no other conclusion than
that the great Ruler of the universe is permit-
ting these men to go on in their wickedness
that their cup of iniquity may be filled, till at
last they fall beneath the wrath of His avenging
I sword, and this at no distant day.
But Mr. Hixds has gone from among ns.
His voice will never ag,vin be Iteard in these
Halls or in the popular assemblies of iiis coun-
trymen. He sleeps among the silent dead,
awaiting the great trump that shall break the
slumber of the tomb. Born in the State of
New York, bis body, as I learn from those
more intimately acquainted with him, reposes
in Hampton cemetery. There all that, is mor-
tal of our late fellow-member must lie envel-
oped in the darkness of the grave till Gabriel
shall sound the last catastrophe of nature;
when the heavens shall grow dark and the
foundations of earth be rent asunder. Then
his body shall become immortal, and, rising
above the smoke and desolation of a crumbling
world, shall be joined with his undying spiiit
in the realms above, to dwell lorever with those
who fought bide by side with him in the great
battle for human liberty and the well-being of
mankind.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted ;
and accordingly (at twenty minutes past four
o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CULLOM: A petition, signed by
citizens of Springfield, Illinois, asking that the
law in relation to stamps on cigars be changed.
By Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts: The
petition of John M. Lynn, late of company I,
thirty-second regiment Massachusetts volun-
teers, for a pension.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The petition of 52
merchants of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying that
financial aid be granted to the Northern Pacific
railroad.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of Robert
M. Heterick, of Rappahannock county, Vir-
ginia, for removal of disabilities.
By Mr. LYNCH: Resolutions of Board of
Trade of Portland, in favor of the Niagara
ship-canal.
By Mr. ROBINSON: The petition of
Bridget Hearn, for a pension.
By Mr. SELYE: The petition of Stephen
Boyce, of Penfield, Monroe county, New
York, asking reimbursement of $500 in Treas-
ury notes held by him and destroyed by fire
while in his possession.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: Additional
testimony in the case of Adam Carrell.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, January 23, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion by Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. MORGAN. I present, a preamble and
resolutions of the Chamber of Commerce of the
State of New York, in which they set forth that
the three times appointed by Congress for the
unconditional discharge of voluntary bank-
rupts, namely, one year from the approval of
the act; one year from June 1, 1867 ; and,
finally, January 1,1869, have all elapsed, and the
law is now in the shape intended by Congress
to be final in that regard. They therefore
declare that in the opinion of the Chamber
the true interests of commerce require that the
law in its present form should be allowed to
be fully tested by experience; and that no
new extension of the time for an unconditional
discharge should be enacted by Congress. I
move that this memorial be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CATTELL presented the petition of
Polly Hunt, administratrix, and George W.
Hunt, administrator, of the estate of Walter
Hunt, deceased, praying to be allowed a re-
hearing before the present Commissioner of
