1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
817
Laws of the United States,
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Association of the Union,, to be applied to the
repair and preservation of the property at
Mount Vernon, under the direction of the
military officer in charge of the public build-
ings and grounds.
Approved, March 3, 1869. . .
Chap. CXX1II.—An Act making Appropri-
ations to supply Deficiencies in the Appro-
priations for the Service of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and they are hereby, appropriated, to be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine:
For the contingent expenses of the Treas-
ury Department, and the several bureaus,
namely: for fuel, light, gas, labor, and con-
tingent expenses of the Treasury building and
five other buildings occupied by the Treasury
Department, forty thousand dollars.
And after the present fiscal year there shall
only be employed and paid for labor in the
Treasury building and the five other buildings
used by the Department, for lighting, clean-
ing, and general care and superintendence
thereof, the following persons, to wit: one
superintendent, at a salary of twenty-five hun-
dred dollars a year ; one clerk of class four
and one clerk of class one; one engineer in
charge of heating apparatus, at a salary of
twelve hundred dollars a year; five firemen,
at a salary of six hundred dollars each per
year; one machinist and gas-fitter, at a salary
of twelve hundred dollars per year; one cap-
tain of the watch, at a salary of fourteen hun-
dred dollars per year; one store-keeper, at
a salary of one thousand dollars per year;
thirty watchman, [watchmen,] at a salary of
eight hundred and twenty dollars each per
year ; thirty laborers, at a salary of six hun-
dred dollars each per year; seventy women,
as cleaners, at a -salary of one hundred and
eighty dollars each per year: And it is hereby
provided, That no account for contingent ex-
penses at any of the bureaus of the Treasury
Department shall hereafter be allowed, except
on the certificate of -the general superintend-
ent of the Treasury buildings that they are
necessary and proper, and that the prices paid
are just and reasonable; and the said superin-
tendent shall keep afull,jast, and accurate ac-
count in detail ol all amounts expendedunder
the head of contingent expenses for the several
bureaus of the Treasury Department, which
shall be transmitted to Congress by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury at every December
session. And the expenditure for furniture
and repairs for the same shall be made by the
said superintendent, subject to the approval
of the Secretary of the Treasury; anditshall
be the duty of said superintendent to kfeep a
just and accurate account in detail of all the
amounts paid for the purchase of furniture,
and also for the repairs thereof, as well as a
full statement of the disposition of the old
furniture; all of which shall be transmitted to'
Congress at every December session thereof
by the Secretary of the Treasury: And pro-
vided further, That no part of the appropri-
ations made by this or any subsequent act for
contingent and incidental expenses shall be
paid for clerk-hire, messengers, or laborers.
To complete the northwing of the Treasury
building and approaches, including all lia-
bilities, one hundred and sixty-three thousand
five hundred and nine dollars and twenty cents:
Provided, That no extra compensation ex-
ceeding one eighth of one per centum in any
case shall hereafter -be allowed to any officer,
person, or corporation, for disbursing any
moneys appropriated, to the construction of
any public building.
For repairs and preservation of public build-
ings, thirty-five thousand dollars.
For necessary expenses in carryinginto effect
the several acts of Congress authorizing loans
and the issue of Treasury notes, four hundred
thousand dollars: Provided, That no work
shall be done in the Engraving and Printing
Bureau for private parties.
For supplying deficiency in the fund for the
relief of sick and disabled seamen, fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For amount required to supply a deficiency
in the appropriation for salary, miscellaneous,
and other expenses of the United States Patent
Office foj- the month[s] of March, April, May,
and June, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine,
two hundred thousand dollars.
For amount required to supply deficiency in
the appropriation for expenses of courts, five
hundred thousand dollars ; and no part of this
appropriation shall be paid to employ and
retain counsel to assist district attorneys.
For the survey of the Atlantic, Pacific, and
Gulf coasts, forty thousand dollars.
house op representatives.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation
for folding' documents, eighty thousand dol-
lars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation
for laborers, nine thousand nine hundred and
s.eventy-five dollars.
To defray the expenses of the joint Commit-
tee on Retrenchment, four thousand dollars, or
so much thereof as mp,y be necessary : Pro-.
vided, That said sum shall be drawn from the
Treasusy upon the order of the Secretary of the
Senate as the same shall be required, and any
portion of the amount .hereby appropriated
that shall be allowed by said joint committe.e
to witnesses attending before it, or persons
employed in its service, for per d[i]em, travel-
ing, or other necessary expenses, and paid by
said Secretary in pursuance of the orders of
said committee, shall be accordingly allowed
by the accounting officers of the Treasury.
To pay balance due for the twenty-four copies
of the Congressional Globe and Appendix for
each Representative a,nd Delegate, and one
hundred copies for House Library, in ±he
second session of the Fortieth Congress,
eighteen thousand four hundred and twenty
dollars.
To pay for twenty-four copies of the Con-
gressional Globe and Appendix for each Rep-
resentative and Delegate, and one hundred
copies for the House Library, and for pages in
excess of fifteen hundred, in the third session
of the Fortieth Congress, twenty-six thousand
four hundred and fifty-two dollars.
To pay for reporting and printing the debates
and proceedings in the Daily Globe, two thou-
sand seven hundred and thirty dollars.
To pay for complete seWs of the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix for the new mem-
bers entitled to receive the same under the
law, of July fourth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, seven thousand four hundred and
eighteen dollars.
For Congressional Globe and Appendix,
twenty-nine thousand eight hundred and forty-
two dollars, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to complete the work under the
contract expiring March fourth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-nine.
sex ate deficiency. • •
For clerks to committees,* pages, horses,
and carryalls, thirty thousand dollars.
For heating and ventilating, five thousand
dollars.
For miscellaneous items, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For stationery, five thousand dollars.
For additional messengers, three thousand
five hundred dollars.
For folding documents and materials, five
thousand dollars.
For stationary [stationery] and newspapers
for Senators for the third session of the Fortieth.
Congress, nine thousand dollars.
governments in the territories.
Dakota.
For amount required to' pay the increased
salaries to the judges of Dakota Territory,
authorized by the act of March second, eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven, two thousand one
hundred dollars.
Idaho Territory.
For amount required to pay increased sal-
aries to the judges of the Territory of Idaho,
authorized by act of Maijch second, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, three thousand dol-
lars.
For refunding to the appropriation for the
legislative expenses of Idaho' Territory the
amount advanced from this fund>and not ac-
counted for by the secretary of said Territory,
thirty-eight thousand dollars.
Montana Territory.
For-amount required to pay the increased
salaries of the judges authorized by the act of
March second, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, two thousand five hundred dollars. '
For amount required to pay outstanding
liabilities on account of compensation and mile-
age of members of the Legislative Assembly,
officers, clerks, and contingent expenses of the
Assembly, twenty thousand dollars: Provided,
That from and after the thirtieth June next
the salaries of the judge's of Utah Territory
shall be the same as now paid to judges in
Idaho and Montana Territories."
Wyoming Territory. .
For expenses of the Territory from January
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, to June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and six{y-nine,
namely:
For Governor, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For chief justice and two associate justices,
at two thousand five hundred dollars each,
three thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars:
Provided, That the compensation of the said
officers of the said Territory of Wyoming shall
not commence until they have been commis-
sioned and qualified.
For secretary, nine hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
five hundred dollars.
* Department op state.
For blank-books,' stationery, bo'ok-cases,
arms of the United States', seals, presses, tlags,
postages, and miscellaneous expenses of the
consuls of the United Stales, including loss by
exchange, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the Incidental and Contingent Expenses of
the Department of State.
For stationery, furniture, fixtures, .and re-
pairs, two thousand dollars.
For the general purposes of the Building occu-
pied by the Department of State.
For rent, fu,el, alterations, watchmen, and
laborers, twelve thousand dollars.
For salary of solicitor and judge advocate
of the Navy Department, from March fourth
to July first, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine,
'eleven hundred'and sixty-seven dollars.
For the continuation of the work on the
United States court-house and post office, at
Madison, Wisconsin, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars.
For the construction of basin and new dock
barge office at New York, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For the construction of a public building at
Springfield, Illinois, for a court-house and post
office, and the accommodation of officers of the
United States, twenty-five thousand dollars.
