1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
U9$
The motion was agreed to ; and tho bill (S.
No. 827J to amend an act entitled "An act to
protect all persons in the United States in their
civil rights arid to furni^h'th'e means of their
vindication," passed Aprils, 1866, was read
the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that section
three of the civil-rights act shall be so construed
as to confer jurisdiction on the circuit and dis-
trict courts of the United States of all criminal
and penal causes or offenses committed upon or
in respect to the person or property of any per-
son who is himself denied, or who is of a race
of persons denied, in the courts and judicial tri-
bunals of th© Stats or locality where he or they
may be, some right declared and secured by
section one of that act; but it shall not be so
construed as to confer jurisdiction on said
courts of civil actions where "all the parties
belong to the same class or race, nor of crim-
inal or penal cases wherein the party accused '
is not in such case denied some right secured
by the first section of that act-.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
BAILIFF OF THE COURT Of CLAIMS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move next to take up
Senate bill No. 832.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 832) to fix the salary of-the bailiff of the
Court of Claims was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that the an-
nual salary of the bailiff of the Court of Claims
shall be at the rate of $1,500 per annum, to be
paid as now provided by law.
- The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I wish to inquire what
the pay of this officer is now?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The pay of the bailiff
of the Court of Claims at the present time is
$1,000 a year. He is the executive officer of
that court, acting as a sheriff or marshal does
in other courts. He performs all those duties.
It is a peculiar case, and the committee thought
it was evidently proper that the officer should
have a salary of $1,500.
The .bill was ordered "to be engrossed for a
third, reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
DISTRICT SUPREME COURT.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 881.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 831) relating to the supreme court of the
District of Columbia was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides that the
several general terms and special terms of the
circuit courts, district courts, and criminal
courts authorized by the act approved March
3, 1803, entitled "An act to reorganize the
courts in the District of Columbia, and for
other purposes," which have been or may be
held, shall be, and are declared to be, severally
terms of the supreme court of the District of
Columbia; and the judgments, decrees, sen-
tences, orders, proceedings, and_ acts of said
general terms, special terms, circuit courts,
district courts, and criminal courts heretofore
oi' hereafter rendered, made, or had shall be
deemed judgments, decrees, sentences, orders,
proceedings, and acts of said supreme court;
but nothing herein contained is to affect the
right, of appeal as provided bylaw.
The Committee on the Judiciary proposed
to amend the bill by adding the following sec-
tions :
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted. _That tho supremo
court of th© District of Columbia &h«iU hereafter
consist of a chief justice and four associatejustices;
and for this purpose there shall be appointed by t he
President, by and with thofcdvioe and conscntof the
.Senate, an additional justice of said court, with the
like powers, to take the same oaths, to perform tho
same duties, and to receive the same salary as the
other associate justices of the court.
Sec. 3. And bett further enacted, That whenever, nt
ft session of the court in general term held by four
of the justices, the court shall be CQiially divided m
opinion upon the question involved in any eau.^e
argued or >ubi®itted to tbo court, *ueh division ol
opinion shall be noted upon the minutes of the court;
and thereupon, and within four days thereafter,
either party in such eause may file with the clerk of
the court a mqtion in writing to have such cause re-
argued before tho five justices; and such reargument
or rehearing shall be had as soon thereafter as con-
veniently may be.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all the powers
and jurisdiction t>? law now held and exercised by
the orpB ans' court of Washington county, Sn the Dis-
trict of Columbia, shall hereafter he heitt and exer-
cised by the justice holding the special term of the
said supreme court for that purpose, subject always
to the game provisions "as are contained in the fifth
section of the act of Congress entitled "An act to
reorganize-the courts in the District ofColumbia, and
for other purposes,"approved March 3,1863.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the orphans'
court of Washington county, District of Columbia,
be. and the same is hereby, abolished; and all laws
and parts of laws relating to 'said orphans' court, so
far as the same are applicable to said supreme court,
are hereby continued in force in respect to said
supreme court; and all other laws and parts of Jaws
relating to said orphans' court are hereby repealed.
' Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 have had my atten-
tion called to the last clauses of the amend-
ment by certain gentlemen , of this city who
allege that the opinions of thelegal profession
and of the community here is strongly against
what is proposed. Of course I have no per-
sonal knowledge of the facts, but it is alleged
that the present judge who holds the orphans'
court is one entirely satisfactory to the com-
munity, and that the transaction of business in
that court by that judge should be continued.
I understand that the orphans' -court meets
twice a week, and parties who are interested
in business in that court go there very often
eveji without counsel. Widows and heirs of
estates, and others who are interested in the
business of that court, go and attend there per-
sonally, and the conrt being so frequently in
session and being presided over by a judgeof
experience and an accommodating disposition
a large amount of the business of the people
of this District is-disposed of and transacted
in a manner which will be impossible in the
supreme court of the District to which .it is
proposed to transfer this jurisdiction, which
will sit rarely, which will be loaded down or
at least occupied with other business. Now,
sir, unless there is some very strong reason
which I have not heard of for abolishing this
court and transferring its jurisdiction to .an-
other court which cannot do it so well, I think
the Senate should omit these latter clauses of
the amendment. It is said also that the regis-
ter of wills has some jurisdiction in connec-
tion with the orphans' court, and the lawis
supposed to be left by this amendment quite
incomplete, in a state of confusion with refer-
ence to his jurisdiction and powers, sp that a
more careful examination of this subject and
more careful provisions in regard to it will be
necessary if this jurisdtetion is to be transferred
to another tribunal and taken away altogether
from the judge who now discharges it.
From these statements which have been made
to me I ain induced to think that the latter
part of the amendment ought not to be agreed
to. I move to strike out the last two sections.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.' It is pro-
posed to strike out sections four and five of
the reported amendment.
Mr. WHYTE. Mr. President, the orphans'
court of the District of Columbia, as the Senate
will perceive upon examination of the law, is
almost identical with the orphans' court in
the State of Maryland, the. single difference
being that the orphans' court there is held by
three judges and in the District of Columbia
by one judge. We have had the same question
under discussion in the State of Maryland, and
it was my pleasure to succeed in having the
" clause stricken out of the constitution of Mary-
land, as it was proposed to be submitted to the
people, which was identical with the clauses
inserted in this bill. The orphans' court is a
people's court; it is tho court of all others to
which the people liavc access at all times tuning
its session ; it requires no intermediaries; the
people themselves can go to tlie orphans court,
can present wills for probate, can discharge aa
the duties required of administrators and guard-
ians without the necessity and the expense of
employins counsel. It is acceptable to the
people of the District, as I am assured, and I
trnst the Senate will not pass these two section's
taking from the people this court which is the
nearest to them of any court in the District. :
' The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Beriatorfrom
Pennsylvania to the amendment of the com-
mittee;
' Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that those sec-
tions will not be stricken but. I think it is
important that those sections should Be pre-
served, if we are to pass the bill at all. There
are three objects in the passage of the bill.
The first section of the bill is to remedy diffi-
culties growihg out of the mode in which the
supreme court of the District of Columbia does
its business. The separate justices of that
court hold separate courts, which are really a
part of the supreme court, and they" all sit
together in banc. The object of the first sec-
tion is to remedy any difficulty which arises
from that mode of transacting business. -
The second section adds oiae justice to the
supreme court of this District. There are flow-
four, and it often happens that they are equally
divided' in opinion. Each one of these four
, judges is authorized to hold court separately ;
, i>e holds a circuit court and a criminal court
by himself. A decision is made in the circuit
court, if you please, by one of the judges;
authority exists under the law to take that de-
cision up to the court in banc, composed of
all four judges; and when the question comes
up there the judge who made the decision ift
the circuit court, in case one of the other
judges agrees with him', divides the court
equally, the effect of which is that the judg-
ment of the circuit judge stands. Next month
another judge holds the circuit court, the
same question comes up, and one of the other
judges who did not agree with the two before,
decides differently, and his judgment stands in
the same waj'. So you have two decisions
directly adverse in the same court, owing to
the particular judge who happens to preside ki
the court below. This is a defect that is felt by
the bar in the District to be a very great one.
In addition to this the business of this court
is very great. The judges are not able to do it.
Another judge is needed upon the bench, at
any rate, to assist them and also to relieve this
difficulty arisingfrom an even number ofjudges,
there being four.
Then, the other provisions of the bill are,
to put upon these judges who hold courts by
themselves, the duties of the orphans' court.
We shall thus get rid of this orphans' court
and perform its duties through one of the
judges of the District supreme court. The
advantage in that is, that you will save the
expense of having the orphans' court; and we
have to have another judge on the Supreme
bench to remedy the defect arising from the
even number of judges now composing that
court.
I shall forbear to make any remarks in re-
gard to the gentleman who holds the position
of judge of the orphans' court at this time.
I will say, however, to the Senator fi'om Penn-
sylvania that there is a difference of opinion
about that, and while he has been appealed to,
doubtless, by the friends of the present in-
cumbent, who have recommended him highly,
statements have been made to me directly at
variance with that. It is an unpleasant mat-
ter to speak in the Senate about individuals,
and I do not propose to go into any such ques-
tion now; but I will say to the Senator that very
different opinions obtain in regard to the gen-
tleman who presides over that court. I hope
the sections will not be stricken out.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have not been ap;
proached that I am aware of by any friend of
Judge Purcell, who holds the orphans' court.
In fact the gentleman to whom I referred par-
ticularly in my former remarks had no con-
nection" with "him whatever, and expressly
stated the fact. He spoke on behalf of _the
people of the District, and also on behalf ot
the legal profession in the District.
If th re was no other inconvenience than
