542-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
January 23
5
for the purpose of effeet beyond the limits of
this Chamber; and it seems to me that every
Senator must have formed definitely his opinion
in reference to the real question involved in
this amendment. If so, I see no reason why
we should not vote upon it promptly and
speedily; and unless it shall turn out by ex-
periment or by a declaration of Senators that
they intend to indulge in protracted debate, it
seems to me the vote had better be taken at
onee; and I suggest to the Senator from Ne-
vada that unless an avowal shall be made by
some Senator that he wishes to occupy time
in discussing a question which I think has been
subjected, I may say,.to the utmost rigor of
discussion already in Congress and in the
country, he had better hold on to his motion
and see whether it cannot be disposed of now.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on the question of taking it up.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 33, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Cattcll. Chand-
ler, Cole, Cotikling, Corbett, Drake, Edmunds,
Fcssenden, J?relinghuysen, Grimes, Harlan, Harris,
McDonald, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pool, Koss, Sawyer,
Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Xhayer, Trum-
bull, Wade, Williams, and Wilson—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle,
Fowler, Hendricks, McCreery, Norton, and Vick-
er.s—9. '
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Conness,
Cragin, Ferry. Henderson. Howard, Howe, Kellogg,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennes-
see, Pofneroy,.Ramsey, Rico, Robert*on, Saulsbury,
Sprague, Tipton, Van Winkle, Warner, Welch,
"Whyte, Willey, and Yates—24.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole,, proceeded
to consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 8)
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United Stales. The joint resolution, as
originally introduced by Mr. Henderson', reads
as follows :
Re/tohed bit the Senate and Ilouieof Representatives
of the United States of Amertaa in (Jonarens aivembled,
(two thirds of botli Houses concuriing,) That the
following article be proposed to the Legislatures ot
the several Slates as an amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, which, when ratified by
three fourths of said Legislatures, shall be valid as
part ol the Constitution, namely:
Article XV.
No State shall deny or abridge the right of its citi-
zens to vote and hold office on account of race, color,
or previous condition.
ThoCommittcoon thc.Iudieia.ry proposed tostrike
out the words of the projected article, and to insei t,:
Tho right of citizens of tho Unwed States to vote
and hold office shall uot be denied or abridged by
t.Jie United States or any State on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude.
Tho Congress, by appropriate legislation, may en-
force the provisions of this article.
The PKESIDliNTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 desire to move an
amendment to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood that when
we voted to take np this resolution it was to
fix a day for its consideration. I voted to
take it up with that understanding. The Sen-
ator from Nevada said he wished to fix a day
for its consideration. We-cannot get through
with it in the_ morning hour, of course.
Mr. STEWART. 1 did not know that it was
so understood. I intended to adopt the sug-
gestion of the Senator from New York, but if
any Senator voted to take up the resolution
with that view and desires to have it postponed,
of' course I will make such a motion. I move
(hat this joint resolution be postponed until
1 hursday next and made the special order for
that day at one o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. _ On the question of post-
ponement and making aspecial order for Thurs-.
day I desire to call the attention of the Sen- I
ator who has this resolution in charge to the
pending question now before theiSouse of Rep-
iesentatives. It is understood that they are
this very day acting on a similar proposition,
and under their rules, with the previous ques-
tion, it is supposed that within one or two davs
I hev will arrive at a result. Now, the question
which I have to submit, to my friend iswhether
it would not be better for us to act on the prop-
osition that shall come to us from the House
of Representatives? That, of course, will be
advanced one stage further to the result which
we are all trying to reach.
Mr. STEWART. If that proposition should
be passed in the other House to-day, our com-
mittee will have time to look at it and have it
before the Senate on Thursday, if this resolu-
tion be postponed until that day ; and we can
then act upon the House resolution, making
this an amendment to it, or making such other
amendments as the committee may suggest or
the Senate may decide upon. In making this
motion I desire to have it understood that the
subject-matter, in whatever form it may be
here—a resolution from the House, if they
shall pass one, or, if not, this resolution—is
to be considered on Thursday next.
Mr. DIXON. Before the vote is taken on
the motion to postpone, perhaps this* is a
proper time to give notice of an amendment
which I propose to offer when the subject shall
he before the Senate, so that the Senate may
have time to consider it. Article five of the Con-
stitution, which relates to the proposition of
amendments by Congress, provides that—
" The Congress, whenever two thirdsof both Houses
shall deem itnecessary.shallproposeamendinentsto
this Constitution, or on the application of the Legis-
latures of two thirds of the several States,shall call
a convention for proposing amendments, which in
either caseshall be valid to allintents and purposes as
part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legis-
latures of three fourths of the several States or by
conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or tho
other mode of ratification may be proposed by the
Congress."
Now, sir, this proposal of an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States provides
for its ratification by the Legislatures of the
States, instead of by conventions ; and that
has been the usual mode, and I am not sure
but that it has been the uniform mode of pro-
posing amendments to the Constitution when
they have been proposed by Congress. At any
rate it has been the mode in recent times.
Now, sir, there are reasons, and it seems to me
very strong reasons, existing at this time why
this proposition, if submitted, should be sub-
mitted to conventions and ratified by conven-
tions of the States, instead of by the Legisla-
tures. I propose, therefore, when the matter
shall come before the Senate for its considera-
tion, to move to strike out the word "Legisla-
tures" and insert "conventions," so as to uro-
vide that the proposed amendment shall not be
.valid until ratified by conventions of three
fourths of the Slates.
The reasons for this I will not give now at
any length; but I will barely state that it seems
to me so important a proposition as this should
be ratified'by bodies selected for that very pur-
pose. In my own State it is peculiarly import-
ant, because in the first place the Legislature
in that as in other States is not chosen for that
purpose ; and then again, as is well known,
the Legislature of the State of Connecticut
does not represent the people in consequence
of the peculiar mode of our representation.
It may be said that the same remark may
apply to a convention; but I take it if Con-
gress order the ratification to be made, if at
all, by a convention, it would be in the power
of Congress to say that the convention should
be chosen in such a manner that it should repre-
sent the people; that it should be chosen in
some mode, distributing its members in some
way, so that the convention would represent
the people of the State.
If it is proposed by the sovereign power of
Congress to the people of the whole country to
change the suffrage laws of the State of Con-
necticut, it does seem to methat Connecticut,
asacomponentpart of the whole country,should
have the power of expressing its opinion on
that subject aside from all other questions,
and that the question should be presented to
the people of the State of Connecticut for their
consideration; and the only mode of doing it
is, as it seems to me, to submit it to a conven-
tion of the people chosen for that purpose.
Then the voice of the people will be expressed.
But it will be very difficult to secure an expres-
sion of the voice of the people by the Legisla-
ture, especially if that Legislature were chosen
before the subject was submitted to them. In
this case, I agree, in the State of Connecticut
the Legislatuie would be chosen subsequently;
but there are many existing Legislatures in
various States of the Union to which bodies it
is proposed to submit a proposition of this kind,
where the people to this day have nevor for a
single moment considered it. Take for example
the Legislatures now in existence, the Legisla-
ture of Massachusetts, the Legislature of Illi-
nois, the Legislature of Maine, the Legislatures
of perhaps a majority of the States of the
Union, already chosen ; they are to consider a
question of this kind which the people have'
never had an opportunity to canvass or to ex-
press in any manner their opinion upon. That
is a reason why at least the body to ratify
should be a body chosen subsequently to this
period. That would be accomplished by the
amendment I propose to offer.
I will not now go into this subject at any
length. My object in giving the notice is that
the Senate may have time to think of it, and
that Senators may consider whether in a mat-
ter of such vast importance as this, a matter
which goes to the very root of our republican
institutions, changing the mode of suffrage in
the States, and not only changing the mode of
suffrage but changing the principle of suffrage ;
that is, taking it from the people of the States
and giving it to Congress, the voice of the
people should not be distinctly and unmistak-
ably pronounced.
Now, air, it is not only a question as to what
the precise mode of this change, as in this in-
stance, but it is a question as to whether the
right of regulating the suffrage in a State shall
be left with the people of the State, as has
been done from the foundation of the Govern-
ment, to this time. I will not now enlarge upon
the question ; but when the joint resolution
comes before the Senate for consideration, I
may take the opportunity of expressing my
views more at length.
Mr. FERRY. I should like to ask my col-
league a question with his permission, whether
he proposes that' Congress shall not only di-
rect that the amendment shall be submitted to
conventions, but also direct in what manner
the State of Connecticut shall elect its conven-
tion, and how the convention shall be com-
posed? It I understand my colleague correct-
ly, he prefers to depart from the usual custom
in oases of constitutional amendments, which
have been, ordinarily, as he says, submitted
to the Legislatures of the States. But in the
case of the State of Connecticut, one reason
for his proposed change is, as he says, that our
Legislature does not represent the people.
Does he therefore propose that Congress shall
legislate as to the mode in which the State of
Connecticut shall choose its convention?
Mr. DIXON. Why, Mr. President,_I threw
out that idea, so far as I did hint at it at all,
with a view of answering what I supposed
might be an objection to submitting the ques-
tion to conventions, and that was that the con-
vention would be precisely like the Legislature
so far as the representation is concerned. I
thought that my colleague and others might
say, what do you gain by submitting it to a con-
vention, because a convention to be chosen
now by the State of Connecticut would be prob-
ably founded on the representation in the
Legislature, so that the convention would be
the same thing, and therefore there would be
no advantage in that except that the conven-
tion would be chosen afterward, and in our
State there would be no advantage in thaG
respect because the Legislature is chosen after-
ward. I therefore hinted at that objection,
and meant barely to say that if that was an
objection it might be provided for by Congress.
Mr. FERRY. Does my colleague mean to
have Congress provide that Connecticut shall
choose a convention in a particular way?
Mr. DIXON. I am coming to that. I sup-
pose there would be full power in Congress to
legislate in regard to the mode of choosing con-
ventions- The Constitution provides that Con-
