318
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
40th Gong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For construction of appraisers' stores at
Philadelphia, thirty-seven thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For the continuation of the work on the
public building at Cairo, Illinois, to be used
for a post office, custom-house, and United
States court-room, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars.
For construction of custom-house at Saint
Paul, Minnesota, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For construction of custom-house at Ogdens-
burgh, New York, twelve thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For continuing the- work on the marine
hospital at Chicago, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars.
For repairs of custom-house at San Fran-
cisco, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
patent office building.
For casual repairs of the Patent Offiee build
ing, five thousand dollars. ,
1 ' post office department. -
For compensation of the superintendent of
foreign mails from August first, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight, to Jane thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine,.two thousand seven
hundred and forty-seven dollars and twenty-
eight cents. For compensation to the super-
intendent of the money-order system from July
twenty-seven,eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
to June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-
nine, four hundred .and sixty-four dollars and
sixty-seven cents. For compensation of chief
of division of the dead-letter officefrom August
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, to J une
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, two
thousand two hundred and eighty-nine dollars
and forty cents. For compensation of one
clerk of class four, and two clerks of class
three, from August first, eighteen hundred and
sixtyeight, to June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-nine, four thousand five hundred and
seventy-eight dollars and eighty-one cents.
For amount required to meet a deficiency in
the revenues of the Post Office Department for
the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight, seven hundred and
forty-one thousand four hundred and sixty-six-,
dollars and eighty-five cents.
For amount required to meet'an anticipated
deficiency in the revenues of the Post Office
Department for the current fiscal year, three
million seven hundred and sixty-two thousand
five hundred dollars.
To supply deficiency in the appropriations
for Government building at the corner of F
and Seventeenth streets, for fuel and compensa-
tion of fireman, for repairs, and for miscella-
neous items, three thousand dollars.
lo supply the deficiency in the appropriation
for lighting the Capitol and President's House',
and the publicgrounds around them,and around
the executive offices, twelve thousand dollars.
war department.
For regular supplies of the quartermaster's
department, two million five hundred thousand
dollars.
lor incidental expenses of the quartermas-
ter's department, five hundred thousand dol-
lars. ,
For horses for cavalry and artillery, one
million five hundred thousand dollars.
For transportation of officers' baggage, one
hundred thousand dollars.
For transportation of the Army and its sup-
plies, seven miliion dollars.
For barracks and quarters, one million dol-
lars.
For medical and hospital department, fifty
thousand dollars.
For contingencies of the Army, four hundred
and seventy-five thousand dollars.
For medical and hospital department, seven
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For secret service fund, one hundred thou-
sand dollars; Provided, That the three last-
named sums are appropriated for the purpose
of enabling the Secretary of the Treasury to
settle accounts of disbursing officers for expend-
itures already made in pursuance of law, and
shall not make' any actual disbursement, but
merely a transfer on the books of the Treasury.
navy department!
To supply a deficiency for provisions for the
Marine corps for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
forty-two thousand dollars.
To supply a deficiency for provisions for the
Marine corps for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred andsixty-nine, fifty -
six thousand dollars.
misceliajjeous.
To carry out the provisions of section four-
teen of an act relating to pensions, approved
July twenty-seventh, eighteen hundred and
.sixty-eight, fifteen thousand dollars.
For collecting, preparing, and printing the
proceedings at the decoration of the soldiers'
graves, under resolution of June twenty-second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, two thousand
dollars.
For supplying deficiency in compensation of
register and receiver in land office in Bois6
City, Idaho Territory, office rent, and purchase
of furniture, six thousand three hundred and
twenty-four dollars>
For necessary {-epairs and furniture for the
office of the register of deeds bf the District of
Columbia,three hundfed and fifty dollars.
For   sufficient amount to pay the regular
salary of the present minister resident at Por-
tugal, and the exchange thereon, from the first
day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, so
long as the same was withheld from him.
For the relief of the two bands of Sisseton
and Wahpeton Sioux Indians, on the reserva-
tions at Lake Traverse and Devil's Lake, Da-
kota Territory, to be expended under the dire6-
tion of the Beverend H. B. Whipple in the
purchase of tools, food, seeds, cattle, agricul-
tural implements, and other articles necessary
for Indians, and for the construction of houses,
sixty thousand dollars: Provided, That the
said Whipple shall make a fall, detailed, and
accurate statement to the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs (who shall transmit the same to
Congress) of the manner in which the amount
hereby appropriated has been expended.
For compensation of H. B. Whipple for his
services as above, fifteen hundred dollars.
For this amount expended and to be ex-
pended for the relief of the Kaw Indians in
Kansas, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For defraying the actual expenses incurred
in negotiating the treaty made with the Tabe-
quache, Muache, Capote, Weeminucke.Yampa,
Grand River, atid Uintah bands of Ute Indians,
on the second of March, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, and in procuring the consent of the
said Indians to the Senate amendment thereto,
nine thousand two hundred and eighty-six dol-
lars and seventy seven cents.
For additional appropriation required to
complete survey of a line dividing the Creek
country, under third and fifth article[s] of
treaty with the Creek nation of Indians, con-
cluded^ June fourteen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, and for surveying exterior bound-
ary of a grant of land to the Seminole nation
of Indians, under the third article of the treaty
with that nation, concluded March twenty-first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, five thousand
dollars.
To supply a deficiency for the payment of
machinery for the branch mint at Carson City,
and balance of freight on the same from Phil-
adelphia to Carson City, thirty-one thousand
dollars.
For fitting up machinery in said mint, and
putting it in working order, eleven thousand
dollars, or as much thereof as is necessary for
that purpose.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CXXIV.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Support of the Army for the
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the support of the Army for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred £nd seventy:
For expenses of recruiting and transport-
ation of recruits, fifty thousand dollars.
For pay of the Army, eleven million dollars.
For commutation of officers' subsistence,
one million five hundred thousand dollars.
For* commutation . of, forage for officers'
horses, twenty thousand dollars.
For payment in lieu of clothing for* officers'
servants, two hundred thousand dollars.
For payments to discharged soldiers for
clothing not drawn, two hundred thousand
dollars.
For subsistence in kind for regular troops
and employes, four million five hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For contingencies of the Army, one hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For medical and hospital department, two
hundred thousand dollars.
For Army Medical Museum, five thousand
dollars.
For the purchase of artificial limbs for offi-
cers, soldiers, and sailors, forty thousand
dollars.
For medical and other necessary works for
the library of Surgeon General's office, two
thousand dollars.
For expenses of commanding general's office,
fiva thousand dollars.
For expenses of the signal service of the
Army, five thousand dollars.
For regular supplies to the quartermasters'
department, to wit:
For the regular supplies of the quarter-
masters' department, consisting of fuel for
officers, enlisted men, guards, hospitals, store-
houses, and offices : of forage in kind for the
horses, mules, and oxen of the quartermasters'
department at the several posts and stations,
and with the armies in the field, for the horses
of the several regiments of cavalry, the bat-
teries of artillery, and such companies of infan-
try as may be mounted, and for the authorized
number of officers' horses when serving in the
field and at the outposts, including bedding
for the animals ;• of straw for soldiers' bedding;
and of stationery, including blank-books for
the quartermasters' department, certificates
for discharged soldiers, blank forms for the
pay and quartermasters' departments, and for
printing of division and department orders
and reports, five million dollars.
For the general and incidental expenses
of the quartermasters' department, consisting
of postage on letters and packets received and
sent by officers of the Army on public service;
expenses of courts-martial, military commis-
sions, and courts of inquiry, including the
additional compensation of judge advocates,
reeoi'ders, members, and witnesses while on
that service, under the act of March sixteen,
eighteen hundred and two ; extra pay to sol-
diers employed under the direction of the
quartermasters' department in the erection of
barracks, quarters, store-houses and hospitals,
in. the construction of roads, and other con-
stant labor, for periods of not less than ten
days, under the _ acts of March two, eighteen
hundred and nineteen, and August fourth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, includingthose
employed as clerks at division and department
headquarters; expenses of expresses to and
from the frontier posts and armies in the field;
of escorts to paymasters and other disbursing
officers, and to trains where military escorts
