1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
319
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong, .. .3d Sess.
cannot be furnished; expenses of the inter-
ment of officers killed in action or who die
when on duty in the field, or at posts on the
frontiers, or at posts and other places, when
ordered by the Secretary of War, and of non-
commissioned officers and soldiers; author-
ized office furniture; hire of laborers in the
quartermasters' department, including the hire
of interpreters, spies, and guides for the Army;,
compensation of clerks to officers of the quar-
termasters' department; compensation of for-
age and wagon-masters, authorized by the act
of July fifth, eighteenhundred and thirty-eight;
for the apprehension of deserters and the ex-
penses incident to their pursuit; and for the
1'ollowing expenditures required for the several
regiments of cavalry, the batteries of light artil-
lery, and such companies of infantry as may be
mounted, viz: the purchase of traveling forges,
blacksmiths' and shoeing tools, horse and mule
shoes and nails, iron and steel for shoeing, hire
of veterinary surgeons, medicines for horses
and mules, picket-ropes, and for shoeing the
horses of the corps named; also, generally,
the proper and authorized expenses for the
movement and operations of an army, not
expressly assigned to any other department,
one million dollars.
For the purchase of horses for cavalry and
artillery, two hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars.
For mileage, or the allowance made to offi-
cers of the Army for the transportation of
themselves and their baggage, when traveling
on duty without troops, escorts, or supplies,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For transportation of the Army, including
baggage of the troops when moving either by
land or water, of clothing, camp, and garrison
equipage, from the depots of Philadelphia,
Cincinnati, and New York to the several posts
and Army depots, and from those depots to the
troops in the field ; and of subsistence stores
from the places of purchase, and from the
places of delivery under contract, to such
places as the circumstances of the service may
require them to be sent; of ordnance, ord-
nance stores, and small-arms from the found-
eries and armories to the arsenals, fortifications,
frontier posts, and Army depots; freights,
wharfage, tolls, and ferriages; the purchase
and hire of horses, mules, oxen, and harness,
and the purchase and repair of wagons, carts,
and drays, and of ships and other sea-going
vessels, and boats required for the transport-
ation of supplies and for garrison purposes ;
for drayage and cartage at the several posts ;
hire of teamsters; transportation of funds for
the pay and other disbursing departments; the
expense of sailing public transports on the
various rivers, the Gulf of Mexico, and the
Atlantic and Pacific; for procuring water at
such posts as from their situation require it to
be brought from a distance ; and for clearing
roads and removing obstructions from roads,
harbors, and rivers, to the extent which may
be required for the actual operations of the
troops in the field, six and one half million
dollars.
For hire or commutation of quarters for
officers on military duty; hire of quarters for
troops, of store-houses for the safe-keeping of
military stores, and of grouuds for summer
cantonments ; for the construction of tempo-
rary huts, hospitals, and stables, and for re-
pairing public buildings at established posts,
one million dollars.
For heating and cook stoves, fifteen jthou-
sand dollars.
For the ordnance service, required to defray
the current expenses at the arsenals of receiv-
ing-stores and issuing arms and other ordnance
supplies; of police and office duties ; of rents,
tolls, fuel,' and lights ; of stationery and office
furniture ; of tools and instruments for use ;
of public animals, forage, and vehicles; inci-
dental expenses of the ordnance service, in-
cluding those attending practical trials and
tests of ordnance, small-arms, and other ord-
nance supplies, two hundred thousand dollars :
Provided, That no money appropriated by this
act shall be used te purchase any new cannon
or small-arms.
For Repairs and Improvements of Armdries
and Arsenals.
For arsenal and armory at Rock Island,
Illinois! one million dollars: Provided, That
one half of this amount shall be applied to the
construction of the bridge connecting Bock
Island with the cities of Rock Island and
Davenport.
For Augusta arsenal, Augusta, Georgia, one
thousand dollars.
For erecting a brick armory and smith-shop
at the arsenal at Columbus, Ohio, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For grading and draining public grounds at
said arsenal, /ive thousand dollars.
For Benecia arsenal, Benecia, California,
five thousand dollars.
For Watertown arsenal, Watertown, Massa-
chusetts, five thousand dollars.
For paving and curbing Tacony street op-
posite Frankford arsenal, Pennsylvania, one
thousand three hundred and ninety-three dol-
lars and twenty cents.
For Fort Monroe arsenal, Old Point Com-
fort, Virginia, one thousand dollars.
For Leavenworth arsenal, Leavenworth,
Kansas, five thousand dollars.
ForPikesville arsenal, Pikesville, Maryland,
five hundred dollars.
For contingencies of arsenals, ten thousand
dollars.
For the preservation and necessary repairs
of the fortifications and other works of defense,
two hundred thousand dollars.
For surveys for military defenses, two hun-
dred thousand dollars.
And the Secretary of War is hereby author-
ized to have prepared and published the report
of the results of the exploring expedition and
survey of the line of the fortieth parallel:
Provided, That the cost of the same shall be
defrayed out of existing appropriations in the
War Department: And provided further, That
the letter-press work shall be done at the Pub-
lic Printing Office.
For the purpose of cutting out a road from
DuLuth to the Bois Fort Indian reservation, in
Minnesota, there is hereby appropriated the
sum of ten thousand dollars, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That there
shall be no new commissions, no promotions,
and no enlistments in any infantry regiment
until the total number of infantry regiments is
reduced to twenty five; and the Secretary of
War is hereby directed to consolidate the in-
fantry regiments as rapidly as the requirements
of the public service and the reduction of the
number of officers will permit.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That no
appointments of brigadier generals shall be
made until the number ia reduced to less than
eight; and thereafter there shall be but eight
brigadier generals in the Army.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That
lereafter the term of enlistment shall be five
years.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That of
the fifteen bands now in the service, organized
under the provisions of section seven of an
act entitled "An act to increase and fix the
military peace establishment of the United
States," approved July twenty-eight, eighteen
hundred and "sixty-six, all, except the bandat
the Military Academy, shall be honorably dis-
charged.without delay, and shall receive full pay
and allowance to the date of such discharge :
Provided, That there shall be enlisted in each
regiment a chief musician, who shall be in-
structor of music, with a salary of sixty dollars
a month and the allowances,of a quartermaster
sergeant.
Sec. 6. Andbeit further enacted, Thatuntil
otherwise directed by law there shall be no new
appointments and no promotions m the adju-
tant general's department, in the inspector
general's department, in the pay department,
in the quartermasters' department, in the com-
missary department, in the ordnance depart-
ment, in the engineer department, and in the
medical department.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That bre-
vet rank shall not entitle an officer to prece-
dence or command except by special assign-
ment of the President, but such assignment
shall not entitle any officer to additional pay
or allowances.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CXXV.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Consular and Diplomatic Ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
Junethirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy,
and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the objects hereinafter ex-
pressed, for the fiscal year ending the thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and seventy,
namely:
For salaries of envoys extraordinary, minis-
ters, and commissioners of the United States
at Great Britain, France, Russia, Prussia,
Spain, Austria, Brazil, Mexico, China, Italy,
Chili, Peru, Portugal, Switzerland, Greece,
Belgium, Holland, Denmark, Sweden, Turkey,
Ecuador, New Granada, Bolivia, Venezuela,
Guatemala,Nicaragua, Sandwich Islands,Costa
Rica, Honduras, Argentine Confederation, Par-
aguay, Uruguay, Japan, and Salvador, three
hundred and sixteen thousand dollars. For ad-
ditional salary of minister resident to the Argen-
tine Republic, appointed also to the republic
of Uruguay, at the rate of three thousand seven
hundred and fifty dollars a year, such salary to
commence October thirteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight, and to continue while
acting as minister to Uruguay.
For salaries of secretaries of legation, as
follows:
At London and. Paris, two thousand six hun-
dred and twenty-five dollars each.
At Saint Petersburg, Madrid, Berlin, Flor-
ence, Vienna, Rio Janeiro, and Mexico, eight-
een hundred dollars each.
For salaries of assistant secretaries of lega-
tion at London and Paris, two thousand dollars
each.
For salary of the interpreter to the legation
to China, five thousand dollars.
For salary of the secretary of legation to
Turkey, acting as interpreter, three thousand
dollars.
For salary of the interpreter to the legation
to Japan, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of all the missions
abroad, fifty thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of foreign inter-
course, fifty thousand dollars.
For expenses of the consulates in the Turkish
dominions, namely: interpreters, guards, and
other expenses of the consulates at Constanti-
nople, Smyrna, Candia, Alexandria, Jerusa-
lem, and Beirut, three thousand dollars.
For the relief and protection of American
seamen in foreign countries, per acts of Feb-
ruary eighteenth, [twenty-eighth,] eighteen
hundred and three, and February twenty-eight,
eighteen hundred and eleven, fifty thousand
dollars.
For expenses which may be incurred in
acknowledging the services of the masters and
crews of foreign vessels in rescuing citizens of
