1869.
THE COJSTGBESSKMAL GLOBE.
1495
merit was proposed by the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Trumbull,] which will be read. *
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know why I
Bbould withdraw it.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
if the company to whom thin grant is to he
made has any exclusive privilege ou the cither
side?
Mr. CHANDLER. Not at all
Mr. STEWART. I am opposed to any bill
granting privileges to a company that has ex-
clusive privileges on the other side. I am fur-
ther opposed to a bill that does not provide
that the franchise shall cease so soon as they
obtain exclusive privileges on the other side,
because otherwise we shall have this thing very
much obstructed. I would not grant the priv-
ilege to any company any longer when it ob-
tained exclusive privileges on the other side,
because otherwise we are very likely to be tied
up in this matter,
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope this bill will lie
over for the present.
Mr. SUMNER. Let me move my amend-
ment.
Mr. CHANDLER. We have not a quorum
present.
Mr. SUMNER. Are you going to lose this
bill?
Mr. CHANDLER. I cannot lose to-night,
and I will not. I ask that it be laid aside
informally, in order that we may proeeedto
the consideration of some other bills.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection the bill will be laid aside
informally.
EAST KIYEE BRIDGE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 180-1.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
the consideration of the bill (H. li. No. 1804)
to establish a bridge across the East river,
between the cities of Brooklyn and New York,
in the State of New York, a post road.
The bill proposes to declare the bridge across
the East river, between the cities of New York
and Brooklyn, in the State of New York, to
be constructed under and by virtue of an act
of the Legislature of the State of New York,
entitled "An act to incorporate the New York
Bridge Company for the purpose of construct-
ing and maintaining a bridge over the East
river between the cities of New York and
Brooklyn," passed April 16, 1867, when com-
pleted in accordance with the law of the State
of New York, a lawful structure and post road
for the conveyance of the mails of the United
States; but nothing herein contained is to be
construed so as to legalize any structure which
shall materially injure the navigation of the
river.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with amendments.- The first amendment
was to strike out the following words in the pro-
viso :
Nothing herein coniained shall be construed so
as to legalize any structure which shall materially
injure the navigation of said river.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
The said bridge shall be so constructed and built
as not to obstruct, impair, or injuriously modify the
navigation of the river; andinordertosecureacom-
pliancewith these conditions the company, previous
to commencing: the construction of the bridge, shall
submit to the Secretary of War a plan of the bridge,
with a detailed map of the river at the proposed site
of the bridge, and for the distance of a mile above
and below the site, exhibiting the depths and cur-
rents at all points of the same, together with all
other information touching said bridge and river as
may be deemed requisite by the Secretary of War to
determine wholhor the saia bridge when built will
conform to the prescribed conditionsof the bill, not
to obstruct, impair, or injuriously modify the navi-
gation of the river.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec. 2. Ami be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of War is horeby authorized and directed, upon
receiving said plan and tnnp and other information,
lad upon being satisfied that a bridge built on such
plan and at said locality conform to the pre-
scribed ctrtuUtions of thjg bill, not to obstruct, im-
pair, or inj unously modify the navigation of said
VltTA* nniiA. <-U - * J   li. i V •    _ . .
said company may proceed to tho erection of. said
bridge, conforming strictly to th© approved pl$n and
location. But until the Secretary of War approve
tne plan and location of said bridge, and notify said
company of the same in writing, the bridge shall not
be built or commenced; and phonld any ebangc be
made m the plan of the bridge during the progress
or the work thereon, such change shall be subject
likewise to the approval of the Secretary of War.
The amendment wag agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the' following: -
Sec.3. And be it further enacted, That Congress shall
have power at any time to alter, amend, or repeal
this aet.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, aad the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
message mom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (H. R. No,
1041) granting the right of way to the Walla-
Walla and Columbia River Railroad Company,
and for other purposes, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House (II. R. No.
1812) to allow deputy collectors and assistant
assessors of internal revenue acting as collect-
ors or assessors the pay of collectors or as-
sessors, asked a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Robert C. Schexck of Ohio,
Mr. James Brooks of New York, and Mr.
Leonard Myers of Pennsylvania, managers
at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
insisted upon its amendment to the joint reso-
lution of the Senate (S. R. No. 8) proposing
an amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, disagreed to by the Senate, agreed
to the conference asked by the Senate on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. George S. Boutwell
of Massachusetts, Mr. John A. Bingham of
Ohio, and Mr. John A. Logan of Illinois,
managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to some and disagreed to
other amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 1599) making appropriations for the
naval service fortheyear ending June 30, 1870,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. R. P. Spalding of Ohio, Mr. Charles E.
Phelps of Maryland, and Mr. Frederick A.
Pike of Maine, managers at the same on its
part.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolution; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 1858) making appropria-
tions in part for the expenses of the Indian
Department and for fulfilling treaty stipala
tions; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 407) for the
relief of Frederick Schley.
armt appropriation bill.
Mr. WILSON submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
1803) making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending June SO,
1870, and for other purposes; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
philadelphia and camden bridge.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 761.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 761) giving the consent of the United
States to the erection of a bridge across the
Delaware river,between Philadelphiaand Cam-
den, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. - It proposes to give the consent of the
United States to James Pollock, Morton 11c-
Michael,Thomas S. Speakman, Alexanders,
Cattell, Presby B. O'Neill, William Moore,
Edward Bettle, Henry L. Bonsall, George S.
Woodhull, Simon Cameron, Is. C. Brinck,
•lames Page, H. M. Philips, John C. Tatum,
Hector Orr, Charles Cox, Thomas Shaw, "Wil-
liam Nicholson, Reynell Coates, James II.
Orne, Edwin H. Fitter, William H. Kern,
Nathan Hillis, Robert E. Randall, Marm&duke
B. Taylor, Sinnickson Chew, and their associ-
ates, first having obtained an "act of incorpora-
tion by either the State of Pennsylvania or the
State of New Jersey, to erect a bridge with
diverging roadways and double draws over and
across the Delaware river, between the city of
Philadelphia, in the State of Pennsylvania, and
the city of Camden in the State of New Jer-
sey, at any time within twenty years after the
passage of the act; but the bridge is to be so
constructed and built as not to prevent or
endanger the navigation of the river; and the
consent of the States-of Pennsylvania and New
Jersey is to be first had and obtained by act of
incorporation or otherwise.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with amendments. The first amendment
was in line seventeen, to strike out the word
" twenty" and to insert " six so as to require
the bridge to be built within six years.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nineteen,
to strike out the words " prevent or endanger
the navigation of said river," and to insert in
lieu thereof the following words:
Obstruct, impair, or injuriously modify the naviga-
tion of the river; and in order to secure a compliance
with these conditions the company, previous to com-
mencing the construction of the bridge, shall submit
to the Secretary of "War a plan of the bridge, with a
detailed map of the river at the proposed site of the
bridge,and for the distance of a mile above and below
the site, exhibiting the depths and currents at all
points of the same, together with all other inform-
ation touchingsaid bridge and river asmay be deemed
requisite by the Secretary of War to determine
"whether the said bridge when built will conform to
the prescribed conditions of the bill, not to obstruct,
impair, or injuriously modify the navigation of the
river.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec. 2. A nd he. it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of "War is hereby authorized and directed, upon
receiving said plan and map and other information,
and upon being satisfied that a bridge built on such
plan and at said locality will conform to the pre-
scribed conditions of this bill, not to obstruct, impair,
or injuriously modify the navigation of said river, to
notify the said company that he approves the same;
aad upon receiving such notification the said cum-
pany may proceed to theerectionofsaid bridge, con-
forming strictly to the approved plan and location.
But until the Secretary of War approve the plan and
location of said bridge, and notify said company of
the same, thebridgeshall notbebuiltorcommenced.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
willamette river bridge.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Seriate
bill No. 895.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 895) giving the consent of the United
States to the erection of a bridge across the
Willamette river in Oregon, from the city of
Portland to the east bank of said river, was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
collection district op teche.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Seuate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 755.
' The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
