320
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
40th Cong....3t> Sess.
Laws of the United States.
the United States from shipwreck, five thousand
dollars.
For the purchase of blank-books, stationery,
book-cases, arms of the United States, seals,
presses, and flags, and for the payment of post-
ages, and miscellaneous expenses of the con-
suls of'the United States, including loss by
exchange, and for office rent for those consuls
general, consuls, and commercial agents who
are not allowed to trade, including loss by ex-
change thereon, eighty thousand dollars ;* and
there shall be allowed out of the fees of the
office one thousand dollars per annum, and no
more, for rent of the consul's offices at Paris.
For salaries of consuls general, consuls, com-
mercial agents, and thirteen consular clerks,
including loss by exchange thereon, four hun-
dred thousand dollars, namely:
i. consulates general.
L - Schedule B.
Alexandria,Calcutta,Constantinople, Frank-
fort-on-the--Maine, [Main,] Havana, Montreal,
Shanghai, Beirut, Tampieo, London, Paris:
and on and after the fourth of March, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine, the consulates at Paris
and London shall be known and designated as
consulates general.
ii. consulates.
Schedule B.
Aix-la-Chapelle, Acapulco, Algiers, Amoy,
Amsterdam. Antwerp, Aspinwall, Bankok,
Basle, Belfast, Buenos Ayres, Bordeaux, Bre-
men, Brindisi, Bologne, Barcelona, Cadiz,
Callao, Canton, Chemnitz,. Chin Kiang, Clif-
ton, Coaticook, Cork, Defnarara, [Demerara,]
Dundee, Blsinore, SVrrt Erie, Foo-Choo, Fun-
chal, Geneva. Genoa, Gibraltar, Glasgow,
Goderich, Halifax, Hamburg, Havre, Hono-
lulu, Hong-Kong, Hankow, Hakodadi, Jerusa-
lem, Ka'nagawa, Kingston, (Jamaica,) Kings-
ton in Canada, La Rochelle, Laguayra,
Lahaina, Leeds, Leghorn, Leipsic, Lisbon,
Liverpool, Lyons, Malaga, Malta, Manchester,
Matanzas, Marseilles, Mauritius, Melbourne,
Messina, Moscow, Munich, Matte, Nagasaki,
Naples, Nassau, (West Indies,) Newcastle,
Nice, Nantes, Odessa, Oporto, Osacea, Pa-
lermo, Panama, Pernambueo, Pictou, Port
Mahon, Prescptt, Prince Edward Island, Que-
bec, Revel, Eio de Janeiro, Rotterdam, San
Juan del Sur, San Juan, (Porto Rico,) Saint
John, (Canada East,) Santiago de Cuba. Port
Sarnia, Rome, Singapore, Smyrna, Southamp-
ton, Saint Petersburg, Santa Cruz, (West In-
dies.) Saint Thomas, Spezzia, Stuttgardt, Swa- •
tow. Saint Helena, Tangier, Toronto., Trieste,
Trinadad de Cuba, Tripoli, Tunis, Tunstall,
Turk's Island, Valparaiso, Vera Cruz, Vienna,
Valencia, Windsor, Yeddo, Zurich. And
there shall be appointed a consul at Birming-
ham, at an annual salary of two thousand five
hundred dollars ; and a consul at Tunstall at
an annual salary of fifteen hundred dollars;
and a consul at Barmen at ah annual salary
of fifteen hundred dollars; and the consul at
Valencia shall receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars. The consul at Hako-
dadi and Buenos Ayres shall receive an annual
salary of two thousand five hundred dollars;
and there shall be appointed a consul at Win-
nepeg, Selkirk Settlement, British North
America, who shall receive an annual salary
of one thousand five hundred dollars.
iii. commercial agencies.
Schedule B.
Madagascar, San Juan del Norte, Saint
Domingo.
iv. consulates. ,
Schedule O.
Anx Cayes, Bahia, Batavia, Bay of Islands,
Cape Haytien, Candia, Cape Town, Cartha-
gena, Ceylon,Cobija,Cyprus, Falkland Islands,
fcayal, Guayaquil, Guaymas, Maranham, Mat-
amoras, Mexico, Montevideo, Omoa, Payta,
Para, Paso del Norte, Piraus, Rio Grande,
Saint Catharine, Saint John, (Newfoundland,)
Santiago, (Cape Verde,) Stettin, Tabasco,
Tahiti, Talcahuano, Tumbsz, Venice, Zanzibar.
commercial agencies.
Schedule G.
Amoor River, Apia, Belize, Gaboon, Saint
Paul de Loanda, Lanthala, Sabanilla.
For interpreters to the consulates in China,
Japan, and Siara, including loss by'exchange
thereon, five thousand eight hundred dollars.
For expenses incurred, under instructions
from the Secretary of State, in bringing home
from foreign countries persons charged with
crime, and expenses incident thereto, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For salaries of the marshals for the consular
courts in Japan, including that at Nagasaki
and in China," Siam, and Turkey, including loss
by exchange thereon, nine thousand dollars.
For rent of prisons for American convicts
in Japan, China, Siam, and Turkey, and for
wages of the keepers or the same, nine thou-
sand dollars.
For the restoration of the Protestant Ameri-
can cemetery at Acapulco, in Mexico, one
thousand dollars. '
For salaries of ministers resident and con-
suls general to Hayti and Liberia, eleven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For expenses under the act erf Congress to
carry into effect the treaty between the United
States and hfer Britannic Majesty for the sup-
pression of the African slave trade, twelvethou-
sand dollars: Provided, That the salaries of
the judges and other officers shall be paid to
them only npon the condition that they reside
at the places where the courts are to be held as
provided by law, and onlj-'for so much of the
tinrle as they reside at such places: And pro-
vided further, That the President be, and he
is hereby, requested to apply to the Govern-
ment of Great Britain to put an end to that
part of the treaty of April seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, which requires of each
Government'to keep up mixed courts,andupon
the consent of the Government of Great Brit-
ain being obtained, then the salaries of all the
officers of the United States connected with
said courts shall cease.
For expenses under the neutrality act, ten
thousand dollars.
For the payment of the fifth annual install-
ment of the proportion contributed by the
United Stated toward the capitalizing of the
Scheldt dues, to fulfill the stipulations con-
tained in the fourth article of the convention
between the United States and Belgium of the
twentieth of May, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, the sum of fifty-five thousand five hun-
dred and eighty-four dollars in coin, and such
further sum a A may be necessary to carry out
the stipulation of the conv ntion providing for
payment of interest on the said sum and on
the portion of the principal remaining unpaid.
_ Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no
diplomatic' or consular officer shall receive
salary for the time during which he may be
'absent from his post, (by leaVe or otherwise,)
beyond the term of sixty days in any one year:
Provided, That the time equal to that usually
occupied in 'going to and from the United
States in case of the return, on leave, of such
diplomatic or consular officer to the United
States may be allowed in addition tosaidsixty
days; and section three 6f act of March thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and s&ty-eight, is
hereby repealed.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
fee provided by law for the verification of in-
voices by consular officers shall, when paid, be
held to be a'full payibent for furnishing blank
forms of declaration to be signed'by the ship-
per, and for making, signing, and sealing the
certificate of the consular officer thereto; and
services in the preparation of such declaration
or certificate, shall charge or receive any fee
greater in amount than that provided by law
for the verification of invoices, or who shall
demand or receive for any official services, or
who shall allow any clerk or subordinate to
receive for any such service any fee or reward
other than the fee provided by law for such ser-
vice, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor
and shall be dismissed from office, and on con-
viction before any court of the United States
having jurisdiction of like offenses be punished
by imprisonment not exceeding one year, or
by fine not exceeding two thousand dollars.
And hereafter no consul, vice consul, or con-
sular agent in the Dominion of Canada shall
be allowed tonnage fees for any services, actual
or constructive, rendered any vessel owned and
registered in the.United States that may touch
at a Canadian port; and that in the collection
of official fees they shall receive foreign moneys
at the rate given in the Treasury schedule of
the value of foreign coins. And hereafter, in
cases of vessels making regular daily trips be-
tween any port of the United States and any
port in the Dominion of Canada, wholly upon
interior waters not navigable to the oceaft, no
tonnage,or clearance fees shall be charged
against such vessels by the officers of the Uni-
ted States', exeept upon the first clearing of
said vessel in each year.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
President is authorized, on the recommenda-
tion of" the Secretary of the Treasury, to cause
examinations to be made into the accounts of
the consular officers of the United States, and
into all matters connected with the business
of their said offices, and to that end he may
appoint such agent or agents as may be neces-
sary for that purpose; and any agent, when so
appointed,_ shall, for the purpose of making
said examinations, have authority to adminis-
ter oaths and take testimony, and shall have
access to all the books and papers of all con-
sular officers. And any agent appointed in
this behalf shall be paid for his services a just
and reasonable compensation, not exceeding
five dollars per day for the time necessarily
employed, in addition to his actual neces-
sary expenses, the same to be paid oat of the
sum appropriated for expenses of collecting
the revenue, but no greatej-pnm than five thou-
sand dollars shall be expended as compensa-
tion of such agent or agents in any one year.
And the President shall communicate to Con-
gress, at the commencement of every December
session, the names of the'agents so appointed,
and the amount paid to each, together with the
reports of such agents.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That any
consular officer of the United States who shall
willfully neglect to render true and just quar-
terly accounts and returns of the business of
his office, and of moneys received by him for
thd use of the United States, or who sh'all neg-
lect to pay over any balance of such moneys
which may be due t6 the United States, at the
expiration of any quarter, before the expira-
tion of the next succeeding quarter, shall be
deemed guilty of embezzlement of the public
moneys, and shall, on conviction thereof, be-
fore any court of the United States having
jurisdiction of like offenses, be punished by
imprisonment not exceeding one year and by
a fine not exceeding two thousand dollars, ana
shall be forever disqualified from holding any
office of trust or profit in the United States.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That no
consul general or consul now holding, or who
shall hereafter hold, either of said offices, shall
be permitted to hold the office of consul gen-
eral or consul at any other consulate, or exer-
cise the duties thereof; and hereafter there
shall only be allowed to any vice consulate
or consular agency, for expenses thereof, an
amount sufficient to pay for stationery and
postage on official letters.
