544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled hill (H.
R. No. 1558) to amend an act entitled "An act
to prescribe the mode of obtaining evidence in
cases of contested elections," approved Feb-
ruary 19,1851; and it was signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore.
order 05 business.
Mr. WILSON. There is a joint resolution
on the table, which has been returned from the
House of Representatives with anamendmerlt,
which I desire to have taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is bound by the rules to call the attention of
the Senate to the fact that, the morning hour
having expired, the unfinished business of
yesterday is before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator who has
charge of that subject to allow a joint resolu-
tion, returned from the House of Represent-
atives with an amendment, to be taken up.
Mr. CAMERON. I rise for the purpose of
moving that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business. There is a
great deal of business of that character to be
done, and some important questions to be
decided, and I think this is the proper time to
begin their consideration. I therefore move an
executive session.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion. ["No!" "No!"] Iwithdraw
the call.
Mr. WHYTE and others called for the yeas
and nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I think we oughtto decide
whether we are to do any executive business
or not at this session.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 27 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard,Buckalew,Cam eron.Davis,
T>i.\on, Doolittle, Drake, Fowler, Harlan, Harris,
Hendricks. Howe, McCreery, Morton. Norton, Nye,
Osborn.Pattersonol Tennessee. Pomeroy, Pool, Ilicc,
Ko--:. Van Winkle, Vickers, Wade, and Whyte—26.
NAYS—Me^rs.Ciittell, Chandler, Cole, Conkling,
Cmini's*. Corbett, Oragiu, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessen-
den, Frclinttliuyseti, Uritnes, Howard, Morgan, Mor-
riil, of Maine, Morrill, of Veimont, Patterson of
New Hampshire. Robertson, Sawyer, Sherman,
Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Warner, Willey, Wil-
liam*. and Wilson—27.
A1JS1CNT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Henderson,
ICelloapt, McDonald, Ramsey. Saulsbury, Spencer,
Spnigue, Thayer, Tipton, Welch, and Yates—13.
So the motion was not agreed to.
committee ski!vice.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not well enough
to nerve on the committee of conference on
the lull (II. R. No. 941) to amend certain acts
in relation to the Navy and Marine corps. I
therefore ask to bo excused irom service on
that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
RAILKOAD tlUST .MORTGAGE BONDS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the
following resolution calling for information:
Jteiolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury "be
instructed to inform the Senate whether any railroad
first mortgage bonds, bavmg a prior hen to that of
the United States, have been issued with the condi-
tion that the interest shall be payable in coin, in
violation of the law requiring all Buch bonds to be
of even tenor and date, timo of maturity, rote and
character of interest, with tho bonds authorised to
bo issued to said railroad companies respectively.
A single word in explanation of this resolu-
tion. I am informed that such bonds have
been issued, and I am inclined to the opinion
that if they have been they are illegal. At all
events it will be seen that the United States
has a very clear interest in knowing whether
these railroads have increased their prior lien
upon these roads, or not. I suppose there
will be no objection to the passage of the
resolution.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the resolution ?
Mr. CONNESS. I object.
The PR ESi DENT pro tempore. Objection
being made it goes over under the rule, and
the unfinished business is before the Senate.
virginia and texas.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator from Ohio
to allow a joint resolution now on the table,
whiclvhas come back from the House of Rep-
resentatives with an amend merit, to be taken up.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
any morning business being done informally.
Mr. WILSON. I move, then, to take up that
resolution, which has been lying on the table
for several days.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator ask that the order of the day be passed
over informally?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; that is all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, it can be
done by unanimous consent. Is there any
objection ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. What is the bill?
The Chief Clerk. A joint resolution (S.
R. No. 173) respecting the provisional govern-
ments of Virginia and Texas, returned from
the House of Representatives with an amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will it lead to debate?
Mr. WILSON. If it does I will not press it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made, the joint resolution is before
the Senate, the question being on the amend-
ment made to it by the House of Representa-
tives, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
Provided, That the provisions of this act shall not
apply to persons who, by reason of the removal of
their disabilities, as provided in the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution, shall have qualified
for any office in pursuance of the act entitled "An act
prescribing an oath of office for persons from whom
legal disabilities shall have been removed," approved
July 11, 1868: And provided further. That this joint
resolution shall not take cfl'ect until thirty days from
and after its passage.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us hear the original
resolution read.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution, as
follows:
Be it resolved, That the persons now holding
civil offices in tho provisional governments of Vir-
ginia and Texas who cannot take and subscribe the
oath prescribed by the act entitled "An act to pre-
scribe an oath of office, and for other purposes," ap-
proved July 2,1862, shall, on the passage of this res-
olution, bo removed therefrom; and it shall be the
duty of tho district commander to fill the vacancies
so created by the appointment of persons who can
take said oath.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate con-
cur in the House amendment, with an amend-
ment applying the provisions of the resolution
to the State of Mississippi, so as to put all three
of those States on the same footing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is pro-
posed to amend the amendment of the House
of Representatives by adding to it the following
additional proviso:
And provided further. That the provisions of this
resolution shall be, and are hereby, extended to and
made applicable to the State of Mississippi.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives. as amended, was concurred in.
i10lly, wayne, and monroe railway.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up the bill
relating to the Holly, Wayne, and Monroe rail-
road, in the State of Michigan. It is a House
bill, and there is a necessity for its being passed
at once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan moves to postpone the or-
der of the day and all prior orders for the pur-
pose of taking up the bill indicated by him.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought I had the floor
on the regular order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think this
bill will give rise to no debate. It is merely
to allow a railroad company to stamp their cer-
tificates of stock, which has been inadvertently
omitted.
Mr. HOWARD. That is all. There is a
necessity for its immediate passage.
Mr. POMEROY. If it can be proceeded
with by unanimous consent, I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I presume
there wil'. be no objection to it.
Mr. POMEROY. I yield to the Senator
from Michigan to call up that bill.
Mr, HOWARD. Then 1 submit the motion.
The bill was reported from the Committee on
Finance a few days ago.
The PRESIDEN T pro tempore. The special
order can be passed over informally for the
purpose of considering this bill, if there be no
objection.
Mr. POMEROY. If it leads to no debate
I presume there will be no objection to that
being done.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 667) to enable the Holly,
Wayne, and Monroe Railway Company, in the
State of Michigan, to have the subscription to
its capital stock stamped, and the stamps
already affixed and to be affixed to be duly
canceled.
The Committee on Finance proposed several
amendments to the bill. The first was after the
word "directors" in line three to insert "of
the Holly, Wayne, and Monroe Railway Com-
pany in the State of Michigan."
Theamendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
"stamps" in line ten to insert "required by
law, afiix the proper stamps."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was before the word
"cancel" in line thirteen to insert "also,"
and after the word "thereof" in line fourteen
to insert " as aforesaid."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was before the word
"valid," in line seventeen, to insert "good
and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. The bill, as amended, reads as
follows:
Be it enacted, &c.. That the president of the board
of directors of the Holly, Wayne, and'Monroe Rail-
way Company, in the State of Michigan, or a re-
direct ors of said company, may appear before the
collector of the revenue of the first congressional
district of the State of Michigan at any time prior to
the 1st day of May, 1869, with the subscriptions to
the capital stock of said company, and t e said col-
lector shall, upon the payment of the proper stamps
required by law, affix tbeproper stamps to said sub-
scriptions to said capital stock, and note upon the
margin thereof the tiineof his sodomg; and heshalt
also cancel and note upon the margin thereof as
aforesaid all such stamps as have already been
affixed and not duly canceled; and the said sub-
scriptions to the capital stock of said company shall
thereupon be held good and valid to all intents and
purposes, and may be used in all courts and places
in the same manner and with like effects as if they
had been originally duly stamped.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is
the proper time for acting on the preamble.*
The Committee on Finance propose to amend
the bill by striking out the preamble, which
will be read.
The preamble was read, as follows :
"Whereas the subscriptions to the capital stock of
the Holly and Monroe Railway Company, in the
State of Michigan, were not duly stamped ajad the
stamps thereon were not duly canceled.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading ; and was read the third time, and
passed. Its title was amended so as to read:
" A bill to enable the Holly, Wayne, and Mon-
roe Railway Company, in the State of Michi-
gan, to have the subscription to its capital stock
duly stamped."
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1758) to incorporate the
Masonic Mutual Relief Association of the Dis-
trict of Columbia was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
chartering of railroad companies.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
854) to promote commerce among the States,
