1869.
TttE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBJB.
i m
tecti.-tt of this act; wad all vesecle, ttieir tackle,
apparel, appurtenances, and cario. whws crews
shall be found cripaeed in any violation of either of
thepruviaions of thin reciiun. thsll bo aorfeited to
the United States: and if any person oroompanvj
under any lease herein authorized, shall knowingly
bill, or permit to be killed, any number of smah ex-
ceeding the number for each inland in tfaia act pre-
scribed, such person or company shall, in addition to
the penalties and forfeitures aforesaid, alia forfeit
ibe whole number of the skins of seals killed in that
year, or in case the same have been dispose! of, then
isaid person or company shall forfeit the vaiu«> of the
same. And it shall be the duty of any revenue offi-
cer, officially acting us sucb on either of said islands,
to ?eize ana destroy any distillod spirits or spirituous
liquors found thereoB: Provided, That sisj^b, officer
shall make detailed report of his doings to the col-
Iwtor of the Sort.
Si:c. 6 And be it farther cnactid, That in S/ddition
to the rental above provided for, a revenue tax or
duty of one dollar is hereby laid uj>on each fur seal
skin taken and shipped from said islands, to fee paid
by the party taking thermae into the Treasury of the
United States; and the Secretary of the Treasury ig
hereby empowered and authorized to mukoall need-
ful rales and regulations for tbeeolleetfonand pay-
ment of the same, for the comfort and proteetioo of
the natives of said islands, and also for carrying into
full effect all the provisions ofthis act: Provided fur-
ther, That the Secretary of the Treasury may term-
inate any lease given to any person, company, or
corporation on fnll and satisfactory proof of the
willful violation of any of the provisions of this act
or the rules or regulations established by him.
SBC. 7. And bp it further enweted. That the x^rovis-
ioas of the seventh and eighth sections of an aet
to extend the laws of the united States relating to
custom#, oommerce, and navigation over tb-e terri-
tory ceded to the United Statei by Russia, to estabr
lish a collection district therein, and for other pur-
poses, approved July 27, 1868, shall be deemed to
apply to thie ftct; and all prosecutions for offenses
committed against the provisions of this act, and all
other proceedings! had because of the violations of
the provisions of this act, and which are authorized
by said act above mentioned, shall be in accordance
with the provisions thereof; and all acta ami parts
of acts inconsistent with the provisions of t hus act
are hereby repealed.
Sec. 8. Ana be i'f further enacted, Tha t tb e Con-
cress may at any time hereafter alter, amend, or
repeal this act. •
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. J
should like to ask the chairman of the com-
mittee why the period of the lease is fixed a,t
fifteen jears? Why extend it so long?
Mr. CHANDLER. It is a very long distance,
and a very difficult and very peculiar kind of
traffic. The committee hesitated between ten
and twenty years, and finally concluded to make
it fifteen years. I could go into an explanation
if it were necessary. There is a long paper
among the documents, of perhaps thirty or
forty pages, giving tlie whole history of the
thing. The committee were unanimously ofthe
opinion that it had better be fixed at fifteen
years.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
know something about this matter. I know
that it is one of the most profitable pursuits
that can possibly be engaged in. I know that
great fortunes have been made in this seal-
Sshery business, or seal-hunting business, if
i'ou please. Heretofore the native have been
paid about thirty cents apiece for the killing
of these seals. The skins, as they are taken
from the seal, with a little salt put upon them—•
about five pounds—are worth fi?a dollars
apiece before they are tanned. Last year they
took two hundred and fifty thousand of these
skins. After tanning tbey are worth from
fifteen to twenty dollars apiece. It is a.n ex-
ceedingly profitable business. Now, the ques-
tion in my mind is, why it should be extended
over fifteen years? It is simply a monopoly
given to these parties.
Mr. 510 BR ILL, of Vermont. If the Senator
from New Hampshire will allow nae I will
endeavor, in a word or two, to explain why it
was placcd at fifteen years.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
shall be glad to bear the explanation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It ms sup-
posed that not as large a number would be
killed in a given time if a lease was made for
a certain number of years. If all parties were
allowed to kill them at their own will to any
extent Ibe probability is that they wouldspeed-
ily be exterminated;* and if they are not very
carefully taken they will be driven away to
other islands and other places; and in order to
Make it for the interest of the parties who take
these seals to so manage them that instead of
diminishing the number shall increase hew-
after, it, was thought best, to give them a, long
Mr. PATTEfiSON, of Slew Hampshire. I
have heard that argument before. I asked the
gentlemen who have beea engaged during the
last yew in this business  
Mr. C0RB15TT, I should like to add a word
to what the Senator from Vermont has said.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Very well.
Mr. CORBETT. These seals were killed
indiscriminately for some years', and they were
driven away from these islandst and they had
to cease killing them for ten years in order to
induce them to return to those islands.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
am perfectly well aware of that.
Mr. CORBETT. I did not know that the
Senator was aware of that fact.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
am perfectly well aware of it. J am perfectly
well aware that several seal fisheries have been
entirely broken up by taking too many seals in
one year and by killing what are called the old
bulls and also the cows rather than the calves.
If they were to continue to take two hundred
and fifty thousand of them a year It would not
be more than three or four years before both
of these islands would be good for nothing, and
the seal hunting or seal fishing would be en-
tirely broken up. There is an island on the
coast of Japan where the seals a few years ago
were exceedingly abundant, and where they
have been driven entirely from the island. It
would happen so here if there was an indis-
criminate hunting of the seals.
I understand the force of the argument of
the gentleman from Vermont. It is this: if
you limit the lease to three years the lessees
will kill as many as they possibly cau in that
.time in order.to make as much money as they
can ia three years, even if they destroy the
fishery entirely. Now, this proposition amounts
simply to this": for perhaps six years they will
carefully guard the fisheries; they will not kill
more than the law allows them to do, hut during
the last three years, even if tbo lease is ex-
tended to fifteen years, they will have precisely
the same motive for killing an undue number
that they would have if the lease was confined
to three years.
Mr. NYE. I wish to ask the Senator from
New Hampshire what benefit he expects to
derive from a short lease ? By this long lease
you save the seals for fourteen years at any
rate ; and otherwise you will destroy them all
in three years. If the honorable Senator can
tell us what he gains by that I should like to
hear it.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
will tell you. It lays open to the competition
of all the people of the United States this
very profitable business, instead of confining
it to two companies for fifteen year?.
Mr. NYE. It lays what open ?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
The seal hunting or sealfishing.
Mr. NYE. Exactly; and if it is indiscrim-
inately pursued they will not last two years.
Mr. CHANDLER. Not one year.
Mr, NYE. No ; they will not last- one year.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. 1
simply desire to say to Senators that if the
Government cannot guard these seals when the
lease is extended over three Qr five years, it can-
not guard them when it is extended over fifteen
years; for the same motives will hold during
the last three years of the long lease that will
hold if the lease is only for three years.
Mr. NYE. Granting that, you give the poor
seals elevenyears of life, assuming jour hypoth-
esis. I appear for the seals. [Laughter.]
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
appear for the people of the United States.
Mr. NYE. I do not want them killed in
three years. I enter an appearance on behalf
of the seals; and I want to protract their exist-
ence if I can fourteen years. If the honor-
able Senator desires to kill them all in one, I
desire to protest on behalf of the seals.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
The gentleman has a constituency of seals of
about, twelve trillions, ©  the two islands now ;
and if the Government '.oT'flie 'United States
has sufficient power to protect his constituency
when the lease.runs fifteen years, it has the
Cer to protect his constituency when the
e runs only three years.
Mr. -NTS. My constituents are not seals.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
understood the gentleman to s^y-that he ap-
peared for the seals.
Mr.- NYjE.. I appear voluntarily for the seals,
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
.His clients then.
Mr, NYE!. Yes, sir; they are my clients. I
do not propose to have the honorable Senator
put the seals, in a position where they can be
destroyed in one year. But my constituents
are men.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Now, Mr. President, I do not see any force in
any of the arguments which have been used
for extending this lease over fifteen years.
I have had many long conversations with the
parties who .have engaged in this seal fishing
during the last two .years. I know they have
made great profits in it, and I know there is no
reason and no argument foj the .extension of
this lease over fifteen years. I say throw it
open to the fair competition of all who choose
to engage in it, and let the strong arm of the
Government protect the seals and carry out
the law. You will have to put upon that coast
armed vessels and soldiers in order to protect
.the fisheries any way ; and why not protect
them when the lease is for three years or five
years as well as for fifteen 1 That is all I have
to say about it.
Mr. CORBETT. I had this bill fcnder my
examination; it was referred to me for exam-
ination. In making that examination it be-
came necessary for me to inquire as to the
habits of these animals and the importance of
protecting them sufficiently so that they should
be perpetuated and increased. It was neces-
sary for me to read a number of the documents
on this subject and ascertain their habits and
their customs. I find that it is the custom to
kill these seals only in a certain number of
months in the year, and during the other
months they must abstain from killing them.
They must ajso drive them from these rocks
into the interior, and there slaughter or kill
them, away from the grounds that thoy inhabit;
otherwise if you kill the seals upon the shore
or the rocks where they lie they abandon their
j habitation there, as they have done in former
1 times, and go to other islands. The Russians
have reserved what is called the Copper Island
andoneotherisland. Thesesealshaveoncebeen
driven to those islands in consequence of their
indiscriminate slaughter, and, as I said before,
the persons engaged in this business had to
abstain from killing ihem for some ten years,
and for the first year after that I think but five
| or seven thousand were killed, and afterward
' the number was increassd up to fifty or sixty
! or seventy thousand.
The committee examined this subject very
| critically and very closely. I find that seals
j sold in the San Francisco marketduring the last
season from one dollar and twenty-five cents to
two dollars and seventy^ ve cents apiece in gold.
There may have been someof them sold higher.
The committee, on an examination of the case,
thought it was better to fix the tax at a small
rate, a fair rate, and allow the Secretary of the
Treasury to lease these islands to the parties
who choose to bid for tliem at any price above,
the dollar that they might deem for their ad-
vantage. The bill throws it open to the entire
community to bid for the lease of these islands,
and it is as fair for one as it is for another to
take this lease for fifteen years upon these con-
ditions. If the parties make it profitable it
will be for their interest to protect and preserve
these seals and to provide for their increase
by the rules that are to be established by the
Secretary of the Treasury, and thereby we
shall probably derive an income for at least
