1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
545
anil to cheapen the transportation of the mails
and military and naval stores, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment of Mr. Doolit-
ti.e, to insert after the word "empowered," in
line two of section eight, the words "with the
consent of the Legislature of the State or States
through which said railway may be located."
Mr. POMEROY. I saw in this bill of the
Senator from Ohio, called the railroad bill,
when it was first introduced, something that
was attractive to me, and I was willing to pro-
ceed with its consideration, because the Sena-
tor explained it as providing several roads to
Washington, and I thought it was time that
there were more public avenues reaching to
this city, the capital of the nation; but the
bill now has dwindled down to one line. The
Senate, on the njotion of the committee re-
porting it, have amended this bill so as to
strike out everything from it except a provision
for a competing line of road to one we already
have between here and New York. I believe
there is no public necessitj' for that. I do not
know of any controlling necessity for it. We
are now tolerably well accommodated between
here and New York; at any rate, better than
between here and any other point; and to
occupy the time of the Senate day after day
simply to invent some scheme against the
Baltimore and Ohio or the Camden and Am-
boy Railroad Company, seems to me to be a
waste of time. 1 do not believe there is enough
in that to justify us in exercising any doubtful
constitutional power.
If the bill bad in it the original provision
opening now thoroughfares, especially those to
the great grain fields of the West, I should
have supporied it; but as we are informed by
the chairman of the same committee who have
occupied the attention of the Senate for several
days with this bill that he intends on Monday
to occupy the Senate with other measures, and
as there cannot, now be anything in this bill of
great and controlling importance, I move to
postpone the further consideration of this bill
and all prior and pending orders, and proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 256.
That is a bill relating to the Central Branch
Union Pacific railroad, which we have already
considered at considerable length. There will
be no opportunity of acting on that bill unless
it be acted on to-day, and I feel it a duty I owe
to my constituents, to those in my State who
have carried forward that enterprise thus far,
that we shall have the vote of the Senate on
the measure. If there was anything in this
bill that was of public or great importance I
would not antagonize it; but I believe there is
now nothing in it of national importance, and
we can never reach a vote on it; and the Sen-
ator from Ohio notifies us that on Monday he
wishes to proceed with something else. There
can, then, be no importance in attending to this
to-day ; and therefore 1 make the motion which
I have indicated.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have nothing to do, as
a matter of course, with the excuses which the
honorable Senator from Kansas gives for op-
posing this bill. He says he would have voted
for it in its original condition. He voted
against taking it tip.
Now, Mr. President, every Senator here
knows that the two branches, as they are
called, were stricken out at the suggestion of
many Senators opposed to including three dif-
ferent bills in one. I preferred to^ put them
all together and to vote for the entire hill as
it originally stood; but Senators around me
know very well that several objected to this
form of legislation, but were willing to vote for
one of these propositions if left by itself; and
at the request of Senators the select commit-
tee concluded to take these roads separately,
each in a bill by itself. Now the Senator from
Kansas makes this the ground of objecting to
the passage of this bill. I wish to strip that
objection of all pretense.
Mr. President, there are two roads that were
stricken out of this bill; one that would have
connected with the Chesapeake and Ohm road
and furnish a railroad to Cincinnati. No man
40TH Coxg. 3D SESS.—Xo. 35.
eati be more in favor of that project than I
am ; and at any time, at this session or at any
future session, there will be no difficulty in get-
ting the necessary legislation. That railroad
goes through the State of Virginia, not through
the State of Maryland; and the State of Vir-
ginia, as it is now being reconstructed, is liberal
and grants charters for the building of railroads
wherever necessary. There is, therefore, no
present necessity for calling for the action of
Congress to aid in building a railroad through
the State of Virginia; and it was inserted here
originally because of the anomalous position
of affairs in Virginia which prevents immediate
legislative action. There is no doubt at all
that the Legislature of Virginia will promptly
pass a railroad act to enable a railroad to be
built to the Chesapeake and Ohio road, and
then Congress may assent to it. In regard to
the other, a railroad to Pittsburg, just as sure
as we authorize a road to be constructed be-
tween Washington and New York, and one is
constructed, the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
will build the Metropolitan road, and they will
never do it before, because it is against their
interest. The Metropolitan railroad will not
be built unless the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road company are compelled to build it. [
Now, if there is any question upon which
there is a united feeling in this country, from
the Pacific to the Atlantic, it is that Congress
should break down the restrictive laws in sev-
eral of the States which check commerce be-
tween great States. If there is any question
upon which there is a union of popular opinion
in this country it is a demand I hat we shall
break down the restrictive legislation which
controls the avenues of trade.
I listened lo the argument of my friend from
Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] yesterday. I could
have read to him from Mr. Polk's messages,
from Mr. Monroe's messages, and from various
other documents, arguments such as he used ;
but they have been answered over and over
again on this floor and elsewhere, and 1 could
have shown him nearly five hundred precedents
where this power has been exercised. The
arguments that have been read here and could
be read for ten or fifteen or twenty days have
been answered. Sir, the country will remark
that while this bill has been pending here three
days no one has spoken in favor of it; all that
the friends of the bill ask is a vote upon it,
while for three days there lias been a continual
opposition to it by long speeches not meeting
the distinctive point in debate.
Now, sir, I agree that unless the Senate are
willing to stand by this bill to-day and pass it,
after having heard three days' debate against
it, it is idle to waste more time upon it. If it
is the determination of Senators to defeat the
bill by consuming valuable time, as a matter
of couiseit cannot pass at this session; audit
that is the purpose the sooner it is stated the
better. But, in my judgment, the public voice
and the public interest demand the passage of
the bill or some general scheme by which new
railroads may be constructed from this city.
The reason why the committee selected the
route between Washington and New York as
the entering wedge, I mav say, as the means
of opening new avenues of trade, was because
everybody feels and knows that there is a neces-
sity for a competing line between this city and
New York. There is not a citizen of the
United States but feels the importance of it.
Now, Mr. President, look at the motion
made by the Senator from Kansas. lie pro-
poses to postpone this bill, which will provide
for a railroad to be constructed by private cap-
ital, without money or cost to the Government,
in order lo take up a bill to subsidize by the
Government of the United States a railroad
in a remote section of eountiy where there are
no people. That is, he will postpone the elec-
tion and construction of a railroad between Hie
capital of our country and the city of New
York, without money and without cost to the
Government, by the voluntary energy of our
own people, iu order to take up a bill to grant
a subsidy to a company to build a railroad
where nobody lives but Indians. What an
absurd proposition that is!
The proposition now is, when oar credit is
already being impaired by subsidies, to take
up and pass a bill to provide for constructing
a railroad from a point one hundred miles west
of St. Joseph off to Fort Kearny, on the very
ground where the Indians are yet roving sav-
ages, and to take from the Treasury of the
United States SIB,000 a mile to aid in that
project. If the Senate is willing to do that
let it be done; but it seems to me extraordi-
nary. If there is pressing public business
here that prevents us any longer from yielding
to an unnatural and undue opposition to this
bill let it be done, but let it not be done under
the pretext of taking up a bill to put our hands
into the Treasury and to take out $2,400,000
in order to build a railroad in a country where
while nie-n yet cannot live.
I do not desire to consume time, because
having already, as briefly as I could, expressed
theopinionsofthe committee on this bill, we con-
cluded that we would not debate it, but, let the
bill stand on its own merits. There is nobody
here, no powerful lobby interest, no control-
ling money inteiest to advocate the passage of
the bill lor a new railroad between New York
and Washington. I doubt very much whether
if the bill passes anybody could make any
money by it, because its terms are so restrictive
that none but capitalists embarking large sums
of money would engage in the enterprise, and
they cannot expect more than a living profit,
competing with great and powerful monopolies.
Therefore nobody supports this railroad bill
except from the general interest and the public
good of this whole country ; but there is op-
posed to its passage the most powerful money
interest in the country. The great railroad
presidents have proclaimed their voice against
it; the Camden and A in boy, the Baltimore and
Ohio, and all the existing interests are opposed
to it, while there is nothing to speak for it
except the general voice and the general good
of the whole country.
Now, therefore, if the Senate is compelled
to defeat this bill merely by the ability of those
who are opposed to it to make long speeches,
let it be done gracefully ; but in the name of
God, of the public credit, and of public justice,
let us not when we are doing it take up another
bill to take from the Treasury of the United
States $2,400,000 to build a railroad in a remote
wilderness.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, if my
honorable fiiend from Ohio, iu his great zeal
in favor of this measure, stated the issue
between these two bills, and stated it cor-
rectly, I think there would be considerable
force in bis argument against the taking up of
the bill referred to by the honorable Senator
from Kansas. But, sir, the Senate must, not
forget that we have already legislated upon the
subject of this Central Branch Pacific railroad,
and the best lawyers of the country who have
been consulted upon the question, as I under-
stand, give their opinion that by the law as it
now stands this Government is already obli-
gated to pay the subsidy to the one hundredth
meridian of longitude, and that the bill 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator from Wisconsin——
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow ine to finish my
sentence. I do not like this catechising in the
nuddie of a sentence. When 1 finish the sen-
tence I will yield. I say the Senate should
not forget that the proposition contained in this
bill is to ask permission of Congress to stop
short of the one hundredth meridian—to stop
at Port Kearny, at a distance some forty or
fifty or sixty miles this side of Fort Kearny ;
so that instead of a proposition to take money
out of the Treasury it is to save the Treasury
from a liability to which it will be subjected
if the company go on and build their road to
the one hundredth meridian. I will now yield
lo the Senator from Vermont.
Sir. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Wisconsin is always so cool on the floor
that I supposed he c«?uld be interrupted with-
