1498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
fourteen years, and perhaps for thirty years,
from them.
We have examined tie subject as carefully
as we could, and we thought it' was best to
make the lease for at least Bfteen years. Five
years and ten years were proposed, but the
committee, of their own volition, fixed it at
fifteen years, believing it would "be .for the inter-
est of the Government to extend it for that
length of time rather than to make it three
years or five years. - . ,
Mr. COL(E. I have but a word or two to
add to what has already been said on this sub-
ject. The matter was brought to the attention
of the Committee on Commerce by the intro-
duction of a bill by myself nearly two months
ago; and it has been under the consideration
of the committee sinee that time, and they
have produced what I regard as a very good
bill, and one, too, that is not obnoxious to. the
charge of creating a monopoly. The bill pro-
vides that any number of Companies that may
organize may compete for the privilege which
is to be conferred. And it is no more a mo-
nopoly than the letting of a mail contract to
carry the mail over a particular post route.
All persons that choose may bid for the car-
rying of the mail, but when the contract is
let it then becomes the privilege of the com-
pany" receiving the'contract. Unfortunately,
perhaps, for the-people'of the United States
these animals are found only on these two little
islands. These islands are not on the c'oa^t
of New England. They are not easily acces-
sible. They are away off near Behring's straits,
about as "far from here as any place on the
round earth. The taking of these seals is an
exceedingly hazardous business to those en-
gaged in it. I am. informed that one vessel
out of thfee is wrecked in this enterprise ; and
there should be at least the privilege on the
part of the companies taking these leases to
make some mdney. The Senator from New
Hampshire has certainly been imposed on
most egregiously in the information" lie has or
supposes he has received on t'his subject in
stating that these seal skins bring from twelve
to fifteen dollars a piece. I believe I am able
to contradict him so faras'thisis concerned.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
stated that the skins in their raw condition
after' being taken from the seals and salted
were worth five dollars apiece, as I have been
informed at the Treasury Department by parties
who have been engaged in the seal fishery
there daring the last year. They are taken to
England and tanned, and then they are sold,
as I stated before, as high as from fifteen to
twenty dollars apiece. They have to be
brought back to New York some of them, and
dyed, because they can be dyed more success-
fully in New York than in London or Liver-
pool.
Mr. COLE. Perhaps when the seal skins
are made up into garments of one sort and
another that may be the result of such as are
taken on these islands. If so, I will not pre-
tend to dispute the statement made by the
Senator from New Hampshire, though I
thought at the time he, made it he was very
much in error as to the value of these products.
The persons who will receive these contracts
after the bids have bjsen presented and after
the contract is let will, perhaps, be able to
make it profitable, but that is a matter depend-
ing somewhat upon their fortune. If they
meet with the catastrophe to their vessels that
have been customary for them to meet with
heretofore they may after all lose a great deal,
and will lose unless they are cautious about
their bidding. That is my judgment on that
point.
I stated that these peculiar seals are found
only on these two little islands. It is not pos-
sible for all people to compete for them, aftd
unless some steps ate taken for the protection
of these animals, in one short year they will be
driven from these islands and we shall see no
more of them. I am told that some of them
are already making their appearance upon the
remaining Russian islands, Copper" Islahd, and
another one near the coast of Asia, which were
retained by the Russian Government when we
acquired Alaska; and it is suggested that the
Russian authorities suppose that by the com-
petition on the part of the Americans these
animals will be driven from the Islands of St.
George and St. P$ul, and that they can, after
all,'reap the advantage which we supposed we
had gained when we acquired that Territory.'
Mr. FERRY. Permit me to suggest that
there were forty thousand taken on the Russian
islands last year.
Mr. CQLE. The danger is that these ani-
mals will probably be driven from our Islands
of St. George and St. Paul to the remaining
Russian islands, and the United States will thus
lose all this profitable business." I understand
the Senator from New Hampshire to1 appeal
very strongly in favor of complete, open com-
petition in this business. He knows as well as
anybody that if this is permitted this very
competition will destroy the whole business ;
and'I state that the competition which every-
body will have in the bidding, the same as in
bidding for a mail contract by land or by sea,
is the proper competition. As for any other
competition than that which will be afforded
in this way, it'will result in the destruction of
tnAQfk TiQnAviPS
Mr. MORTON.. Will my friend from Cali-
fornia allow me to inquire of him what part of
the bill provides for this bidding for this lease ?
I see a provision in the fourth section that the
Secretary of the Treasury shall lease" sepa-
rately these islands, but I do not see any pro-
vision for competition in the bidding.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It says "to
the best advantage."
Mr. MORTON. It doe's not require him to
give any notice. It does not require him to give
any opportunity for competition. My friend
compares it to a postal contract. There pro-
vision is made for competition, but here there
.is none.
Mr. COLE. I had not eycn read the bill
over carefully before I heard it read at the
Clerk's desk to-night. The provisions of it
were stated to me, and I supposed that was in
it, and the substance of it is there. The bid-
ding will be letto the best advantage to those
who come in and make their offers. There is
no question about that. I suppose there are
•not a very great number of companies thatare
organized to engage or will organize for it
with all the privileges that may be offered in
this business. I do not know* how many com-
panies there may be. There may be two, three,
four, or half a dozen, or a dozen for aught I
know, but they will all hare equal privileges
the one with .the other.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Mr.
President, it turns out that the Senator from
NewHampshire is not so egregiously mistaken
and has not been so egregiously imposed on
as to the price of seal skins ^.s the honorable
Senator from California seems to suppose.
" Mr. CORBETT. If the Senator will allow
me, I have the list of the prices here, and he
can see if he chooses.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
The gentleman can read that after Lget through;
I have only a word to say. Now, sir, I happen
to know something abo'utihis matter, for I have
been somewhat interested in it. I happen to
know that we had hardly confirmed the treaty
for the purchase of Alaska before a company
from New London, in Connecticut, had its
vessels on their way to St. Paul and St. George
to engage in this seal fishing. They were sent
up from the Sandwich Islands. After having
been there a few days another company ar-
rived with their vessels from San Francisco,
and they claimed to have purchased not only
all the houses and tackle and furniture which
had been used by the Russian American Fur
Company, but all the rights and the title
of the Russian Fur Company to this fishery,
although the right and title of that fur com-
pany-had terminated before the treaty was con-
summated. Not only that, if their title had
held over after the confirmation of the treaty
it w6uld have ceased with the ratification of
the treaty. . These two parties were in a little
warfare the summer long over the seals which
carae up on the Islands of St. Paul and St.
George. The result was that they took about
twice, perhaps three times, the number which
they ought to have taken upon the two islands.
They killed something like two hundred and
•fifty thousand during the last year. This fish-
ery tan" be kept up if we desire perhaps one
hundred thousand each year.
I am aware that we cannot let everybody go
in these promiscuously. I'have no doubt that
the fisheries would be destroyed in three years
if we should do that, and I am therefore not
opposed to"this bill. I am in favor of the bill,
with one solitary amendment. I think the time
of the lease is too long. Instead of being
"fifteen years, I think it should be cut down to
five, but then I shall be willing to compromise
upon ten. The parallel which the gentleman
from California attempted to draw between this
and a mail contract does not hold. The mail
contract is for one year.
Mr. COLE. Four generally.
' Mr. PAlTERSON, of New Hampshire. In
some cases four, but most generally one year.
If you will cut this down to a mail contract I
will not complain; I will allow it to be extended
a year or two longer.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am exceedingly anx-
ious to pass the bill, and I will make any kind
of compromise.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Then I move that instead of fifteen years it be
cut down to ten.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will do that, for I
want to pass the bill. I have several more to
get through. Anything but a debate I will
stand. I will compromise on t£n years.
Mr. MORRILL, of yermont. I appeal to
the Senator from New Hampshire to notice the
last section of the bill. When it was proposed
to put this at fifteen years we thought that a
proper time, in view of the section leaving it
entirely to the control of Congress to terminate
it whenever we pleased. If it should be too
advantageous to the parties, if it should not be
administered according to the policy laid down
in the bill, it would be in the power of Con-
gress to terminate it at any time; and I hope
the Senator will be satisfied that there is a pro-
priety in having it at fifteen years, although I
would not be very tenacious about it.
These animals are very peculiar beings. They
indulge in polygamy and the old gentlemen
keep their harems ; and now to turn the uni-
versal Yankee nation out in orderto hunt these
animals where the old bulls are very jealous
about having their lady friends seen 1 think
would be entirely improper. I hope the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire will be content.
. Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
That is a very strong appeal. If the gentleman
puts it on the ground of polygamy perhaps I
ought to yield. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. I hope the bill will pass.
Last year when it camein I prevented its being
passed to allow the Secretary of the Treasury
to make contracts. I think the committee now
have got up something that will be Jikely to
protect and perpetuate this fishery. I hope
the bill will pass.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply wish to read the
prices as given in the Alaslsa Herald.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will give
way I will ask that we tak'e a vote on the bill
as it is.
Mr. CORBETT. Yeryweli. I wish merely
to state that from three dollars and fifty cents to
four dollars have been paid, and down as low as
from seventy-five cents to one dollar.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for a vote.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to state my reasons
for resisting the passage of this bill. This is
the first bill of the kind ever proposed in the
Congress of the United States. It is a bill to
place in the hands of a particular company an
entire trade, one of the most bold-faced monop-
olies ever attempted to he placed over any peo<-
pie in the world. Certainly the people of the
