1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1490
United States hare never witnessed the like of
such an infamous proposition as this, to give
into the hands of a particular class of individ-
uals the right to possess this very valuable
trade. You might as well authorize them to
go into the Treasury of the United States and
take out so many dollars without any consid-
eration whatever. It is a proposition that never
could have met the approbation of an Ameri-
can Congress twenty years ago. I think the
bill is perfectly outrageous. There is not a
solitary reason in its favor. If this particular
company may have the monopoly of that busi-
ness, why may not any other company have a
monopoly of any other business in the country ?
If these animals are valuable why should we
not opea them to all American citizens? For
myself I greatly prefer that none should be
allowed to go ana kill these animals. The
Government should not expect to make any-
thing out of such a traffic as that. The idea
in itself is abominable. I would a® soon think
myself of killing as many babies. I should
not consider the Government as any better
than so many wild animals who would engage
in any such trade and undertake to make money
outof it. These are most remarkable animals,
and I do not believe the price has been over-
stated, but rather understated by the Senator
from New Hampshire. However, I suppose
the bill will pass ; but it is the beginning of a
series of monopolies of a most despicable and
abominable character.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out, ia the fourth sec-
tion, the words "fifteen years," and inserting
"1st of January, 1880.''
Mr. CHANDLER. I will accept that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. YICKERS. I move to amend the
amendment by insertingafter the word " Treas-
ury, m
the second line of the fourth section
the words "after due notice by advertise-
ment so as to read: "thatimmediatelyafter
the passage of this act the Secretary of the
Treasury, after due notiee by advertisement,
shall lease," &c.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. The amendment just made,
on the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, will make it necessary to change the
phraseology of the fifth section. It now reads:
That at the the expiration of said term of fifteen
years, or on surrender or forfeiture of any lease,other
leases maybe made in manner as aforesaid for other
terms of fifteen years.
It should be so modified as to read:
That at the expiration of said term of years, or on
surrender or forfeiture of any lease, other leases may
be made as aforesaid for other terms of ten years.
I move that amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, as amended.
The amendment to the amendment, was
agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
frauds on the reven'ue.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 375. ,
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
E. No. 3751 to repeal an act approved March
2, 1807, entitled "An act to regulate the dis-
position of fines, penalties, and forfeitures re-
ceived under the laws relating to customs, and
for other purposes," and to amend certain acts
for the prevention and punishment of ^frauds
on the revenue, and for the prevention of
smuggling, was considered as ia Committee
of the Whole. It proposes bo to amend the
seventh aectioii of an act approved March U,
1863, entitled "An act to prevent and punish
frauds upon the revenue, to provide for the
Snore certain and speedy collection of claims
in favor of the United States, and for other
further to prevent smuggling, and for other
purposes," that the warrant or warrants therein
required to be issued by the judge of the dis-
trict courts of the United States shall be directed
to the marshal of the district within which the
merchandise, in respectto which alleged frauds
have beaa committed or attempted, was im-
ported or entered, or within which the invoices,
books, or papers relating to the same may be
thought to be, or his deputy, instead of the
collector of the port, as therein provided.
Whenever the collector or other chief officer
of the customs of any port shall be notified in
writing by the owner or consignee of any ves-
sel or vehicle arriving from any port or place
of a lien for freight on any'merchandise legally
imported in such vessel or vehicle and remain-
ing in bis custody, the collector or other ojfieer
is authorized to refuse delivery of such mer
chandise from any public or private bonded
warehouse or other place in which the same
shall be deposited until proof to his satisfac
tion shall be produced that the freight due
thereon has been paid orsecured, but the rights
of the United States are not to be prejudiced
thereby, nor are the United States nor its offi
cers to be liable for losses consequent upon such
refusal to deliver.
The Committee on Commerce proposed I o
amend the bill by inserting after the word
"the," in the third line of the third section,
the words "second, third, and fourtfi sections
of theso as to make the section read:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the seven-
teenth section of the act a foresaid, approved JulylS.
1886, and the second, third,and fourth seotionsof the
aot approved March 2,186i, entitled "An act to rega-
lato the disposition of lines, penalties, ana forfeit-
ures received under the laws relating to the cus-
toms, and for other purposes," be, and the same are
hereby, repealed.
The bill was reported to the Senate; and the
amendment was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
Its title was amended by inserting after the
word'' repeal" the words'' certain sections of."
pay 0? deputy collectors.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Senate
proceeded to consider its amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 1812) to allowdeputy collectors
and assistant assessors of internal revenue
acting as collectors or assessors the pay of col-
lectors or assessors, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Senate
insisted on its amendments, and agreed to the
conference asked by the House of Representa-
tives on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon ; and Messrs. Cattell, Mob-
bill of Vermont, and Waexes, were appointed
conferees on the part of the Senate.
licensing of vessels.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move now to take up
for consideration Senate bill No. 926.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 926) to provide for the enrollment and
license of certain foreign vessels was read
the second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue certificates of registry or en-
rollment and license to the following Canadian-
builtressels, namely: to the bark Cambria, the
bark Mary Jane, the bark Niagara, and the bark
Cecelia, said vessels being owned by citizens
of the United States, and having been em-
ploved upon the waters of the lakes; but there
is to be paid upon each of these vessels a tax
or duty of twenty per cent. ™ their present
value, payable in com., the value to be ascer-
tained in the" same manner as upon importa-
tions of goods from foreign countries, accord-
ing to rules and regulations to be prescribed
by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to ■amend the
bill by inserting after the word "lakes," in
th#ninth line, the words " and also to the. Brit-
ish sehooher Vanilla, Of Shelburne",' Nova
Scotia." ;
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to' have the
Senator From Michigan explain that amend:
ment. What are the circumstances of the
case?
Mr. CHANDLER. These vessels are owned
by American citizens. They presented a very
strong case, and the committee concluded, on
the whole, tTiat it would be better to let them
pay twenty per cent, in gold on the present
valuation, and bring in these vessels and get
licenses for them. That is all there is rn it.
The ameftdment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in,
. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
pEsscdi
Mr. FESSENDEN subsequently said: If
the Senate will indulge me, there was a bill
passed while I was out of the Chamber to
which I wish to offer an amendment which the
chairman of the cowniittee accepts. It is Sen-
ate bill No. 926, to provide for the enrollment
and license of certain foreign vessels. I move
a reconsideration of the bill, with the view of
having the amendment made.
Mr. POMEROY. Will the Senator state
the amendment ?
Mr. CHANDLER. It is perfectly satis-
factory.
Mr. POMERO-Y. It may.be satisfactory to
you, but not to the rest of us,
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is in reference to
foreign-built vessels. The bill as it passed
assessed twenty per cent, on the value of the
vessel. One case that is put in there is the
case of a wrecked vessel which has been re-
paired in this country, and the object of the
amendment is simply to assess the amount paid
for it as a wreck.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
that.
- The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment may be made by unanimous consent
without a vote. The amendment will be con-
sidered as adopted if there be no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have it
read first. .
The Chief Cleek. The amendment is to
add. to the bill the following proviso:
Provided, however. That upon either of sa.id vessels
which may have been purchased as a wreck and re-
paired in the United States the said tax of twenty
per cent, shall be paid only npon tho amount paid lor
said vessel as a wreck as aforesaid.
The PRESIDENTprofefftpore. Thisamend-
ment will be considered as agreed to unless
objection be made.
Sir. CHANDLER. I now ask that the bill
be again put on its passage.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Chair stated that
the amendment might be inserted by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. CHANDLER. Was not the vote recon-
sidered by which the bill was passed ?
The PRESIDENT protempore. The amend-
ment was put on by unanimous consent, as the
Chair understood, without goiug through the
form of a reconsideration.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope it will be read the
third time and passed, so as to contorm to our
^The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will consider that the votes on the passage and
third reading of the bill have been reconsid-
ered ; and the question will be put again on
ordering it to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed ior a
third reading, read the third time, and passe .
