1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1501
This French company, which is controlled by
Brlanger & Co., I think, residing in Paris,
have undertaken to purchase the right to
land in this country. I hare here a copy of
what purports to be a contract between this
French company and a company which has
been chartered by the State of New York with
authority to land cables anywhere upon the
coast of the State of New York, by which they
sought to get the privilege of landing their
cable ; and by the contract, a copy of which I
have here, it appears that they paid down
£2,000 to this company, chartered by the Legis-
lature of New York, for their charter which
would enable them to land upon the coast of
the United States, and agreed to pay £8,000
more, making about $50,000, if they could
succeed in getting a grant from Congress also
as well as from the State of New York.
These facts being furnished to me, and look-
ing at this bill as it was originally introduced
and finding that it purported to grant the right
to this Newfoundland company to land cables
anywhere upon the coast of the United States,
in Florida or anywhere .else, it appeared to
me that if we passed that into an act they
would at once sell out the right to this French
company to land, and there would be a monop-
oly of the telegraph between this country aad
Europe in the hands of these companies who
had obtained exclusive privileges from foreign
Governments.
It is now proposed to amend the bill so as
,to allow the company to continue their line
from Newfoundland down to New York. I
think that is a great improvement upon the
bill as it was introduced ; but still this exclu-
sive privilege will exist, and it will not be in
the power of anybody to lay another cable be-
tween this country and Englandwithout the con-
sent of the parties who now own the telegraph
cable between Newfoundland and the coast
of Great Britain. Now the question is whether
we shall authorize a company here to connect
with that, so as to give them a connection to
our country wheu they will give us no reciprocal
right to lay down a telegraph cable between
the United States and England. The amend-
ment which I offered granted the right to ex-
tend this telegraph from Newfoundland down
to the United States on condition that a recip-
rocal right should be given to any American
company now organized or to be hereafter
authorized by Congress to lay a cable from this
country to England.
.Mr. STEWART. I should like to hear the >
amendment of the Senator from Illinois read, j
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course I have no !
interest in this matter at all. My attention was j
called to it by parties who are interested in try-
ing to lay a cable between this country and
France, and who are met with the difficulty
upon the other side that they cannot land their
cable anywhere upon the coast ot France by
reason of this exclusive privilege. Now, shall
we allow this foreign company to land on our
shores when their Government will not allow
American companies to land upon the shores
of the foreign country ?
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President  
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Theread-
ing of the amendment is called for, and it will
be read again.
The Chief Clerk read the anscadmeut, which
was in line ten after the word " and " to strike
out the words "Europe or any of the inter-
mediate places during the existence of the
charter of the said company," and to insert:
The shores of any foreign European Government
or any territory belonging to such (government,when
such foreign Government shall grant the reciprocal
right to lay ii cableorcabieaontheirsnores to Ameri-
can citizens or companies who have boon or snail be
authorized by Congress to lay 8ub-marinecabJescon-
nectmg the shores of the United states witli tne
shores of *>uch foreign Government.
Mr. STEWART. How will the bill read
then? I ask that it be read as it will stand if
amended.
The Chief Clerk. If amended the bill will
read :
That the New York, Newfoundland, and London
Telegraph Company be. and the same is hereby.
authorize.!! to [land one or wore submarine cables]
tipon the shores of the United States at such plaeeor
plaees aemay, from timeto time, appear to thedireetr
ors of the said company to he most convenient, and
to maintain and work such cable or cables for the
transmission of messages and intelligence between
the United States and the shores of any foreign Euro-
pean Government, or any territory belonging to such
Government, when such foreign Government shall
grant the reciprocal right to lay a cable or cables on
their shores to American citizens, or companies who
have been, or ahull be, authorized by Congregate lay
submarine cables connecting the shores of the United
States with the shores of such foreign Government.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill, as it was originally
reported, it seems to me, wag open to amend-
ment. In short, it in some respects justified
the criticism of the Senator from Illinois. From
the very generality of its language, under its
terms I cannot doubt that had it been passed,
this company might have sold out to any ether
company in France, in Spain, or in England
the privilege of extending wires between the
two continents, between Spain and Florida, if
you please, or between France and the State of
Delaware or New Jersey; whereas, as I under-
stand; the parties in interest had no such desire.
They did not seek from Congress a bill as broad
as that. Ail that they asked for was the priv-
ilege of landing an existing cable,-the pioneer
ocean cable of the world, on our shores. Already
it has reached Newfoundland. By this bill, if
it should be amended according to my idea, it
is proposed simply that the existing cable shall
have liberty to land on the coast of the United
States. Now, shall that be refused?
I have called this cable " the pioneer ocean
cable of the world." We all know the sym-
pathy it excited, and the interest which attended
its completion, and how we have delighted to
honor those who took part in laying it. It
seems to me, when we consider the extraor-
dinary efforts then made, that this cable is enti-
tled to a certain preeminence. I think, there-
fore, that we shall be justified in providing that
this cable, which has now reached Newfound-
land, shall be allowed to be extended from
Newfoundland to our own coast.
Now, the question occurs, shall we burden
this bill with the general proposition moved
by the Senator from Illinois ? I doubt the ex-
pediency of it, especially as the Senate has now
on its table a bill, which I have in my hand,
entitled "A bill relating to telegraphic com-
munication between the United States and
I foreign countries," which contains a series of
i regulations, carefully prepared and reported
; by a oomaii-ttee of the Senate, especially to
' meet the very case which the Senator from
| Illinois had in mind. This bill concludes with
I a proviso, as follows:
> " That the privileges conferred by this act shall not
i be enjoyed by any company or persons whose line of
' cable, by its connection or otherwise, teimmatesm,
or extends to, any foreign country in, and by which,
similar privileges are not conferred upon companies
incorporated by the authority ot tne United States,
or of any State of this Union."
It will be pereeived that this proviso com-
pletely embraces the principle in the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois. Under the
circumstances, therefore, it seem3 to me that
it is hardly advisable to burden this special
bill, which has for its otyect simply a permis-
sion to an existing company to continue its
line from Newfoundland to our own coast, with
| a provision of a general character. Could I
L have my way, I would complete this little bill
; relating to " the Newfoundland cable by an
i additional section which I have drawn, as
j follows:
!i Ami be-it further enacted, That Congress reserves
" ihe right to alter or amend tms act as it may see lit,
t! and by general rules which shall be applicable to
!< the company above mentioned, to regulate the use
. of ocean telegraphs and tne ianft of prices tor the
!| transmission of messages.
:j Jj, seems to me that this littie bill, with the
II two amendments which I propose to more,
j cannot be otherwise than satisfactory; ana
I: then if the Senate should at an early day take
'! up the bill of a general character to which I
!' have referred, we shall have a complex sys-
r tern oil the subject of telegraphic eommumca-
II tions between the'two continents. lhope,
II therefore, that the Senator irom Illinois will
withdraw his amendment arid enable me to
offer the one which I have read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I prefer that the Sen-
ate should vote upon it.
, Mr. CHANDLER. Then I hope the Sen-
ate will vote down the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Illinois and adopt the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. FESSRNDEN. I wish to say a Word
with regard tb this Subject. I agree with the
Jionor&ble Senator from Illinois, that these
privileges should be mutual, but I do not sup-
pose that there was any design on the part of
the Parliament of Great Britain, when it incor-
porated or granted a charter to the company,
which has been spoken of, or on ^ the part of
France when it granted the exclusive privilege
tb the French company, which has also been
spoken 'of, to refuse anything that might be
asked for, that was reasonable, to companies
incorporated by this country or any other coun-
try. I take it for granted that it was done by
way of encouragement. Everybody knows that
when the first Atlantic cable, so called, was
undertaken it was supposed to be rather a wild
scheme and speculation, and those who under-
took it undoubtedly would not have done sq had
it not been for the grant of exclusive privileges
for a term of years. It was rather by way of
encouragement to induce them to undertake so
great a work and to make the very great expendi-
tures that would be called for in an undertaking
which was considered exceedingly problemat-
ical, and which for a long time was considered
a failure, that these exclusive privileges were
granted.
I take it also to be true with regard to the
other company which has been incorporated by
France, where I understand exclusive privi-
leges have been given for a term of years, I
do not know how long, that it was considered
that that was a great undertaking which needed
the encouragement of an exclusive right for a
- specified period Of time. Now, then, when one
has been undertaken and has been successful,
as this has been, and it simply asks the privi-
lege of coming here and landing on our shores,
I do not think it would be very wise to refuse
that privilege on the ground that the same privi-
leges cannot be granted by Great Britain to
companies incorporated here for a period of
time, I do not know bow long; because if that
is done 1 do not know how the thing could be
got over except by the consent of the-company
itself that that particular provision should be
waived. - .
Now, sir, I think, with the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Kelations, who has bad
this subject under consideration, that the bill
which has been prepared by that committee,
and which is upon our tables, will be a sufficient
protection, if it can be passed, in all_ eases ;
and perhaps, if passed now, in advance it might
induce those companies which have already
succeeded to waive the exclusive right for the
sake of getting the privilege of landing on our
shores, if an act of Congress is necessary to do
i it. But I will say to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations that if we grant
: this privilege the passage of the other act will
I not deprive them of the privilege, or rather it
j will not gain for any company incorporated m
' this country the right to land in Great Britain;
! because after it is once done and they have
[ acquired the right and have landed their cable
on the shores of the United States under an
! act of Congress it would not be taken from
! them unquestionably whether Great Britain
tl granted any other right or not; and aiter that
Ij they would not be likely to assent to h under
I, any circumstances.
ii Still, I think, with the two amendments pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts, the
jj chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
J turns, it would be no more than just and right
M to this company to allow ihem the privilege ot
I landing, so far as we are concerned; and I shall
be disposed, if those amendments are adopted,
to vote for the bill. The effect of the provision
suggested by way of amendment by the Senator
from Illinois will be effectually to prevent their
