1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE).
549
with the great line, north and southand there
it stands as an unfinished monument to the
perfidy of some one.
The honorable Senator from Vermont has
taken up the modem popular cry, " down with
all subsidies for railroads." 1 desire to say
here to-day as an humble member of this body,
that .that cry has no effect upon me. 1 know
how readily I shall be criticised by the jour-
nals of the day as being desirous to get my
hands or somebody else's into the Treasury of
the United States upon this subject of rail-
roads. I desire to say to them and to the
world that I never owned a dollar of stock in
a railroad in my life, and never expect to do so.
Bat, Mr. President, I have lived to see two
or three generations realize what was thought
to be the most ideal thing in the world, to wit,
the construction of internal improvements by
the aid of the General Government and the
States. The whole internal commerce of our
nation, which in 1852 amounted to $480,000,-
000, has within the last year, under the opera-
tion of this system of internal improvements,
amounted to $11,000,000,000, a sum four times
greater than the national debt.
I have seen other fruits of this system, and
be it said to the honor and liberality of this
Government and its farsightedness, I have seen
the prairies of Illinois, seeing them first in
1832, from one barren waste of profitless land
cotne up under the system of public improve-
ments to which the nation gave its help, until
it to day pays $25,000,000 into the revenue of
this nation. Against the proposition to aid
the great railroad which has brought about
this wonderful change 1 heard in both branches
of Congress stronger denunciations hurled than
the Senator from Vermont can hurl in this body.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It did not
have any subsidies.
Mr. NYU. It had wlmt was better than
subsidies—-tire rich land of the prairies, which
is growing in value every day. I heard that
project denounced. Robert Rantoul, jr., one
of New England's brightest geniuses, was the
author and the founder of that system. Ilis
sun pet while it was yet rising ; but the glory
of liis foresight and his work abide and mag-
nify upon the visions of the present day.
Mr. President, 1 have seen a little more than
this. I have seen this railroad enterprise strike
across the almost, trackless prairie, over which
■the emigrant, after one hundred and forty days
of toil and battling with sands and hills, and
valleys and streams, by hard work managed to
make his way to the Pacific coast. 1 have seen
as if by magic every improvement of modern
times borne by this great improvement across
the continent of this nation, and the barren
wildernesses of the West to-day bud and blos-
som like the rose as the legitimate fruit of a
great nation's generosity in aiding thulgiand
work. No matter if it has made individuals
rich ; it has increased the productive acres of
this country; and it is to those acres that you
must look to pay every dollar of yourindebted-
ness. Talk ofyour tariffs or of whatever sources
of revenue you may, it is the teeming earth
that has got to pay your indebtedness, and there |
is no way in which to enable it to pay but to !
open and develop means to get its products to j
market. This road has not only carried private i
individuals to wealth, but it has carried Chris-
tianity and American civilization to the very
coasts of the Pacific ocean. That is no small
triumph for the nation to win; and allow me
to say to the honorable Senator from Vermont
that when the spasmodic cry for economy is
over, he will want to wipe out the speeches in
which he declared it to be the settled policy of
this Government to do no more toward devel- j
oping its mighty resources. |
Sir, this great system of internal improve- 1
ment has done more. It hasnot merely biought 1
the productions of the earth to market. The
object of these improvements is to make chan-
nels where nature failed to supply them. There
is in that western country a great basin twelve
hundred miles iu extent, with not a navigable
ftpeana within its borders, but almost every acre
of it will yet be as productive as the soil that
surrounds us in this Capitol. How is that
great basin, so soon to teem with countless
inhabitants, to get its products to market?
Tell not the plowman to plow nor the reaper
to gather his sheaves when there is no market
for the result of his toil; it is au insult. Say
rather to the husbandman, as he goes into the
wilderness, " We will bring to your door the
means by which you will be enabled to carry
your products to market.''
My friend from Vermont says he is very anx-
ious to see a railroad to the Pacific. He can
see it within two hundred and eighty miles of
completion to-day. If he will go to the west-
ern end of this road he will.see that the com-
pany there, ngainst the settled judgment of the
most scientific men of this nation, who have
been sent upon that errand, declaring it impos-
sible to mount the Sierra Nevada mountains
with a railroad—he will there see the conquest
of individual enterprise aided by the Govern-
ment over their science. Ay, sir, above the
eagle's nest is heard the whistle of the loco-
motive. Has not the nation any glory in this?
Is it not a source of congratulation to every
man here that he has aided in that mighty
work and brought the two oceans within sound
of each other's roars ? No, 110, my friend from
Vermont says, there has been stealing 011 the
road. Sir, there are two things they cannot
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I did not say
anything about that.
Mr. NYIS. You said it had made a great
many individuals rich. It was a slight intima-
tion that there had been a little picking around.
I do not know but that there has been; but
there are two tilings, thank God, that they can-
not steal. They cannot steal the foresight of
this Government in yielding its aid to the con-
struction of this road, nor can they steal the
road that is already made. That stands as a
monument to the enterprise and foresight of
the American people. The rapidity of its con-
struction has been the wonder of all Europe.
It has been spoken into existence as if by
magic. How? By individual enterprise and
by Government aid. I count it as one of the
highest glories of this country, and let no man
undertake to belittle those who had the manli-
ness to project it and the vigor to execute it.
Sir, there will be more railroads to the Pa-
cific. This railroad across the continent is as
the spider's single web to the locomotive and
its path. My friend from Vermont and my
friend from Ohio, f am afraid, have forgotten
that we have just opened up to eight hundred
thousand people a commerce which to-day is
another monument to the foresight of this
nation. I know how bitterly the subsidy to
that.line of steamers was opposed ; but, sir, it
pays; and while heretofore the commerce of
the world has been almost confined to Europe,
by the foresight and energy of this great peo-
ple, at the proper moment, wc have grasped
the commerce for which tile world has striven
for centuries—the commerce of the Indies and
its rich productions. Large amounts of that
commerce are coming across this continent
now. My friend will be able to get his tea
after awhile across the plains free, as the citi-
zens of Boston once did. They got a large
pot of tea there once free. [Laughter.] The
trains of this road will be loaded with silks
and the rich productions of the East. My
friend will live to see the day, I sincerely hope,
when there will be not only one, but three or
five railroads across this continent.
Mr. President, I rose chiefly to say that I
did not yield to this spasmodic contraction
which the newspapers of the day and some
politicians are trying to carry out. I know men
who were burnt in effigy for voting an appro-
priation for the Erie canal; but, sir, the day of
their vindication has come, and New York, by
virtue of that great improvement, stands peer-
less in the sisterhood of States. Her greatness
consists in her internal improvements, and the
name of Clinton will survive that of all his
calumniators, and will jo down t:> posterity as
the name of tke wise man who mingled the
waters of our inland seas vvith the tide-waters
of the Atlantic ocean. Let not my friend from
Vermont or anybody else be cramped by this
unnatural spasm. We have given lands, we
have given money to railroads. What have
we secured in return ? Where are the trophies?
Let the riches of the western mountains and
the pioduets of the western plains be my an-
swer.
Sir, I have read carefully the provision of
the law in relation to this railroad. I have
heard the criticisms of the honorable Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Si.if.rma>:] and of my honorable
and learned friend from New York [Mr. Conk-
i.ino] on a former occasion upon it, and crit-
icisms from several other sources; but were I
sitting as a juror to-day upon my sworn obli-
gation, in ray honest judgment I should say
this road is entitled to these bonds. It is so
'•nominated in the bond;" it is so written
in the law; it was so understood by Con-
gress, and this quibble to avoid it was an
afterthought that was born in this unnatural
spasm of contraction.
Sir, against the justicc of such a construc-
tion of the law I enter my protest. These men
entered into the construction of this road un-
der the honest belief that they had a right to
these bonds. Nobody van doubt that. I hold
in my hand the affidavits of these men, show-
ing that they have paid in $1,000,000, less
$35,000, in cash towards this project. They
have paid in their own solid money ; and these
arc affidavits by men who could not be moved
by thousands to forego the reputation for
truth which they have acquired. Tell me,
honorable Senators, whether these men, who
have offered their millions upon the altar of
the faith of this Government, are to bo now
turned out to batten upon what I should term
legislative quibbles? If there is the color of
right, if honest men have entered upon this
work with an honest impression that they were
entitled to this subsidy, and the Government
sanctioned it for one hundred miles, as they
have done, tell me not that it. is the duty of
the Legislature to turn their backs upon such
a case.
'There is another consideration of economy
that 1 wish to suggest. We are told that this
road has received $1,000,000 of Government
subsidy. The security of the Government is
the road. On the top of this security lies a first
mortgage bond. Now, I appeal to the honor-
able Senators around this circle, as a matter of
economy, shall the Government pocket the loss
of $1,600,000 or shall they carry out the hon-
est intention of Congress when they chartered
the road? Asa matter of economy it seems
to me that it is wisdom as well as justice to
help t.hia road to meet the branch that it was
intended to meet at the nearest practicable
point.
I hold in my hand the affidavits of these
men who have paid $1,000,000 of their own
money, less $35,000, into this project. They
have honestly put in it the subsidies they have
received from the Government. Their road is
in the wilderness, and they cannot go any
further without aid. The question is now sub-
mitted to the Senate for their decision, and I
will venture to stand between public criticism
and the conscience of my friend from Vermont
if he will vote for it. Sir, a man who would
not do this in his own private business could
not have an honorable standing in his own
neighborhood, and a nation cannot afford to
do, under the color of legislative proceeding,
what an individual ought not to do. The same
standard of judgment will be applied to the na-
tion that is applied to me as an individual. If
a contractor with me had made an honest en-
deavor to carry out this work and encountered
these difficulties I should be ashamed to look
him in the face and deny the right he had to
my fulfillment of my part of the contract to
help to make profitable and useful the expend-
itures he had already made.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, when this
bill wps brought before the Senate at "he last
