1502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
doing so until they have had, by some means
or other, additional legislation from the Brit-
ish Parliament by which th'ey waive the right
that they have acquired to the exclusive use of
those shores; which 'they wodld not be very
likely to do. The result wo'ulcT orffy be that
instead of landing on our pboses by a sub-
marine cable they would continue their pres-
ent-operation. As this was the pioneer com-
pany that solved the jproblem by;; which others
are encouraged tqrtlo the same' thing, I think
it would be'no fuore than right to grant them
this privilege.' I have no doubt that not efforts
will be made to' multiply these Cables, as that
one has'been fpund so successful;' 'and, for
myself, I am perfectly willing—and that is the
design of the bill reported by the Committee
on Foreign Relations—to grant the privilege! to
any company that chooses to undertake it,sub-
ject to the regulations, which we have adopted
in the bill to which I have'referred,.'and which
I think are aniple to secure everything that
ought to be secured.
Mr. HOWARD. I will inquire of the.hon-
orable Senator from Maine how long the ex-
clusive privilege granted by Parliament will
last?
Mr. FESSENDEN. .1, d.o not know, how
long. , , . ' .
Mr. NYE. Twenty y$&rs.
Mr. HOWARD. From what, time?
Mr. NYE. From the time of the passage
of their charter. • . ,
Mr. CHANDLER. It is either, twenty or
twenty-five years; I am not sure which.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think there is noth-
ing m our act which gived any exclusive privi-
lege at all.
Mr. SUMNER. No ; there is not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And I do not think
myself that a grant of an exclusive privilege
for twenty years to an undertaking like that is
one that ought to be com plained of by aay-
body. I do not think, as the project was so
doubtful and involved so vast an expense and'
has been conducted with so much energy to a
successful completion, that it ought to be- made
a matter of complaint that it has that exclu-
sive privilege for that length of time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Illinois.
The amendment was rejected.
. Mr. SUMNER. Nowl move to amend the
bill by striking out in lines four and five the
words u land one or more submarine cables n
and Inserting the words u continue their exist-
ing submarine cable in its several lines from
the shores of Newfoundland westerly, and to
land the same so that the bill will read:
That the New York, Newfoundland, and London
.telegraph Company be, and the same is hereby, au-
thorized to continue their existing submarine cable
in its foveral lines from, the shores of Newfound-
land westerly, and to land the same upon the shores
of the United States, &c.
Mr. CHANDLER, I hope that amendment
will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I offer this amend-
ment, to come in as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That Congress reserves
the-nght to alter or amend this act as it may see fit
by general rules, which shall be applicable to the
company above mentioned, to regulate the use of
ocean telegraphs and the tariff of prices for the
transmission of messages.
The amendment was agreed to.
1 he bill was reported to the Senate, as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Ihe bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
if readin£i and was read the third time.
Mr. HEN DIUCKS. I wish to inquire if the
amendment reported by the Senator from Illi-
nois was adopted.
The PIlESJDENTpro tempore. It was dis-
agreed (o.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I shall not vote
lor the bill. I supposed there could be no objec-
tion to that amendment. If Congress has any-
thing to do with this question at all, which I
very seriously doubt, it certainly ought not to
do it on terms that are denied to us by other
countries. I think that now we ought to defeat
the bill if so fair and reasonable a proposition
as that cannot be agreed to. We grant terms
to corporations of other countries and the in-
vestments of other countries that are denied
to similar and like companies organized in our
own. I shall not vote fo.r the bill. I had some
doubts about the question whether- Congress
has anything to do with the matter of laying
down a telegraph on the .soil of a State. 1 do
not care about discussing that. I" hope that
the Isill as it now standstill be rejected. -It is
a Simple question,' straight and plain, as I un-
derstand it now, whether we will grant terms
to a foreign corporation which their Govern-
ments dehjr to our enterprises.
The bill was passed. ,
SALE OP SHIPS TO BELLIGERENTS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
-bill No. 94.
■ The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
94) declaratory of the law with regard to the
sale of ships to friendly belligerents.
The PKE8IDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear that
bill read at length. It seems to open a great
international question.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows: -
Be it enacted. That, in order to remove alt
doubt with regard to the existing law, it is hereby
declared that nothing contained therein shall be
construed to render it illegal to Fell or charter a
vessel or steamer built, within the United States, or
purchased from the United States, to a-ny foreign
Government at peace with the United States or to
any subject of such Government, although the vessel
or steamer be wholly or in part prepared for war:
Pro vided, That the transaction is simply commercial,
with no intent on the part of the seller or charterer
to participate in any belligerent act, and that the
vessel or steamer, while in transitu, is in no respect
exempted from the law of contraband.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. If
that bill is to be acted upon I shall move, as a
substitute for it, the bill which was reported
this morning from the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill, and it is not
in order to move an amendment at this time
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope that bill will be
defeated. I think it ought not to pass for very
obvious reasons. It provides practically for
the sale of ships to Powers at war with each
other, though at peace with the United States,
and under the bill, if it becomes a law, the
United States may furnish one nation at war
with another with the means of prosecuting
the war. The effect, as it seems to me, would
be to involve this country in war with foreign
Powers, unless_we can with impunity disregard
those rules of international law which prevail
among all the nations of the earth. Where
two foreign nations are at war it seems to me
that the United States ought not to take part
on either side, ought not to furnish either party,
under any pretext whatever, with vessels of
war for the purpose of aiding them in any way
whatever. If this bill is passed, although there
is attached to it a clause that the parties selling
the vessel shall not have the intention of using
it for war purposes, that amounts to nothing at
all, and the party who purchases the vessel can
use it for war purposes. It seems to me that
the passage of this bill will open a new system
that will be likely to involve the United States
in war whenever two foreign nations become
engaged in conflict with each other.
Mr. MORTON. Mr._ President, this bill is
an old customer. I believe it has been before
the Senate once before. It involves the very
question that is now in dispute between us and
Great Britain, or at least a part of that ques-
tion. We deny, as a part of the basis of the
Alabama claims, even supposing that Great
Britain had a right to regard the confederates
as a belligerent power, that she had a right to
manufacture ships of war for the confederacy.
Of course we deny, so far as that action is con-
cerned, that she had a right to recognize the
confederacy as a belligerent power, but even
conceding that question and passing it by, we
have from the first denied that the subjects of
Gfreat Britain had the right to build ships and
sell them to the confederacy. Laird, in his
defense in the British House of Commons, put
the construction of the Alabama upon the
ground that so far as he was concerned it was
simply a commercial transaction ; that he did
not build the Alabama for the purpose of mak-
ing war upon the Government of the United
States or upon our commerce, but simply to
make money by building it, and so far as he was
concerned it was simply a commercial transac-
tion, it was simply a money-making operation.
But we deny that doctrine ; and it seems to me
it would be very strange for Congress to pass a
law establishing as a principle the very thing
which is. now in controversy with England.
This bill begins by reciting:
That in order to remove all doubt with regard to
the existing law.
In other words, we pass a bill which on its
face is declaratory of the law of nations ; of
course after passing a bill of that kind we
cannot pursue the controversy with Great
Britain with any grace.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Mr. President, I wish to say but a word in
relation to this bill. This bill passed the Sen-
ate at the last session of Congress; but upon
my motion to reconsider it was held up, and
did not pass finally at that session. Then a
memorial was introduced and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, from Mr.
Forbes and other gentlemen, who were the
owners of the ship Meteor, and that has been
under consideration for a large part of this
session. I hold in my hand the trial of the
case of the Meteor, quite a volume, two vol-
umes indeed, which we have waded through on
this subject; and the result is the bill which I
have proposed to substitnte as an amendment
for this bill, if it is to pass.
The facts, in a word, are these: several gen-
tlemen contributed and built the Meteor, a fast-
sailing vessel, for the purpose of taking the
Alabama and other confederate pirates, which
were destroyingonr commerce; but before the
vessel was completed the war ceased and the
vessel was upon the hands of those who had
built her. They desired to dispose of her,
and proposed to sell her to the Chilian Gov-
ernment. They were negotiating the sale of
the vessel when the Government ordered the
arrest of the vessel. She was libeled and
seized. Then the counsel of Forbes & Co.
applied to the Government to have the vessel
released. The Government refused. They
then applied to the court to have an appraiser
appointed that the vessel might be bonded, so
that they could sell her. Judge Betts, of the
district court, refused. The decision was against
the owners of the Meteor, and she was con-
demned ; but after she was condemned Judge
Betts allowed the vessel to be bonded. On
appeal the case went up to the circuit court,
and the decision of the district court was re-
versed. The vessel was held eight months in
all; and the owners now come here and ask
indemnity for the losses which they incurred
during the detention of the vessel and for the
losses which they incurred upon the trial, which
lasted some two years or more. They ask also
that a bill shall be passed which shall settle the
right of American citizens under our neutrality
laws. _ That is the object of the bill which has
been introduced. \Ye have had the subject
under investigation, and the committee have
concluded upon the decision of Chief Justice
Marshall, as well as the decision of Judge Nel-
son in the_ case under consideration, that we
have the right to sell a vessel as a mere com-
mercial transaction if there is no intent on
the part of those who sell her to enter into the
war which may be raging between the nation
to whom_ the vessel is sold and some other
nation with whom we are at peace. The ves-
