1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1503
sel was arrested under the third section of the
act of 1818. £ will read that section:
"And be it further enaettd. That if any person within
the limits of the United States shall fit oat and arm,
or attempt to fit out and arm, or procure to be fitted
out and anned, or shall knowingly be concerned in
the furnishing, fitting out, or arming of any ship or
vessel witli intent that such ship or vessel shall he
employed in the service of any foreign prince or
State, or of any colony, district, or people, to cruise
or commit hostilities against the subjects, citizens, or
property of any foreign prince or State, or of any
colony, district, or people with whom the United
States are at peace, or shall issue or deliver a com-
mission within the territory or jurisdiction of the
United Slates for any ship or vessel to the intent that
ahmaybe employed as aforesaid, every person so
offending shall be deemed guilty of a high misde-
meanor, and shall be fined not more than $10,000and
imprisoned not more than three years; and every
such ship or vessel, with her tackle, apparel, and fur-
niture, together with all materials, arms, ammuni-
tion, and stores which may have been procured for
the building and equipment thereof, shall be for-
feited: one half to the use of the informer, and the
other half to the use of the United States."
Judge Nelson decided that there was no proof
that there was any intent on the partofthe owners
of this vessel to engage in the war, and that it was
simply a commercial transaction; and the com-
mittee have reported, therefore, a bill cover-
ing the case. I think, however, it is not wise
to pass a bill of so grave a character as this,
covering such important principles, in an even-
ing session like this.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that this bill be
laid aside for the present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to its being "laid
aside for the present." I have no objection
to its being postponed until to-morrow, and I
make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
safety of passengers ox vessels.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 247.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 247) to amend an act
entitled "An aet to provide for the better se-
curity of the lives of passengers on board of
vessels propelled in whole orin part by steam,"
and for other purposes.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. COLE. There are a great many amend-
ments to that bill, and I move that it be read
as proposed to be amended, if that is in order.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose the Senator
means that we act on the amendments as they
are reached in the reading of the bill.
Mr. COLE. If no one objects to it I pre-
sume it can be read as amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Com-
merce will be acted upon as they are reached.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was in section one, line three, after
the word "every," to strike out tire word
"steamer" and insert "vessel carrying pas-
sengers."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five, sec-
tiou two, after the word "every," to insert
"vessel carrying," and after ''passengers"
to strike out " steamer."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the Committee if they have left out the pro-
vision that was passed two or three years ago
requiring disengaging apparatus to be used on
all these ships. We had a provision of that
kind which I think did considerable good. I
1 do not think that the steamers that I have
traveled on lately are conforming to that reg-
ulation. There were several patents that were
quite ingenious and were likely to work well,
and I do not want to have that restriction
removed.
Mr. POMEROY. That restriction is in this
bill.
Mr. STEWART. As it was before?
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know how it was
before.
Mr. STEWART. I should not like to have
them relieved from that obligation, because it
was working out a very good system.
Mr, COLE, I hope we shall proceed with
the amendments of the committee first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments reported by the committee will be first
acted upon.
The next amendment was in line twelve of
section two, after the word "life-boats" to in-
sert " one of which shall be self-bailing or self-
relieving of water."
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, line fifteen, after the word " lift-boats "
to insert " two of which shall be self-bailing or
Self-relieving of water."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighteen,
after the word "apparatus" to insert "and
shall be of the several classes mentioned and
directed by section four of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty,
before the word "suitable" to strike out" four
or more;" in line twenty-one, after the word
"water" to strike out " of " and to insert "to
contain;" and after the word '1 less'' to strike
out '* capacity;" in line twenty-two to strike
out "eight" and to insert "■an aggregate of
fifty," and after "gallons" to strike out
"each."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
"inspector," in line twenty-nine, to insert
"under such regulations as the Secretary of
the Treasury may prescribe."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-two,
to strike out the word "may" before "re-
quire," and insert "shall."
Tiie amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-six,
after "life-boats" to insert "the size, kind,
and capacity of each."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-eight,
to strike out "may" before "authorize," and
to insert "shall."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-nine,
before the word "portion" to strike out "a"
and insert "the," and before "life-rafts" to
insert " diminished."
The amendment was agreed td.
The next amendment was in line forty, be-
fore "passengers" to insert "all the," and
after "passengers" to insert " and crew."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
"shall," in line forty-two, to strike out "in
the judgment of such inspectors."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out
"steam" before "vessel," in line forty-nine.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
"shall," in line fifty-one, to insert "on the
first day of the voyage."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifty-two,
to strike out "steamer" and insert " vessel."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment, was in line fifty-three,
before the word " he " to insert "or on which."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line sixty-five,
to insert the words "on each voyage" after
" exercised."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line sixty-six,
before the word " launching" to insert " pre-
paring for.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line sixty-nine,
to strike out "steam" before " vessel."
The amendment was agreed to.
The first section of the bill, as thus amended,
reads as follows:
That every vessel can >ing passengers shall have at
least^two good and suitable life-boats supplied with
oars ixr good condition at ail times for service-; arid
every ve&sel carrying passengers, of more than five
hundred tons and not exceeding eight hundred ton's
burden, shall have four life-boats; and every such
vessel of more than eight hundred tons and not ex-
ceeding twelve hundred tons burden shall have six
life-boats; and every vessel of more than twelve
hundred tons and not exceeding two thousand tons
bardenshalt have eight lile-bouts, one of which shall
bo Self-bailing or self-relieving of water ; and every
such vessel of more than two thousand tons and of
three thousand tons burden and upward shall have
ten life-boats, two of which shall be self-bailing or
self-relieving of water; all of which bo^ts .shall be
good, substantial, safe sea-boats of proper construc-
tion, well fhrnished with oars and all other necessary
apparatus, and shall be of the several classes men-
tioned and directed by section four of this act; and
such life-boats shall be supplied -with suitable break-
ers for water, to contain not less than an aggregate
of fifty gallons. But the inspectors are hereby au-
thorized to exempt steamers navigating rivers only
from the obligation to carry of the life-boats herein
provided for more than three, the same being of
suitable dimensions, and furnished with all neces-
sary apparatus for use and safety, provided such
steamers bo supplied with other suitable means for
the preservation of life in ease of fire or other dis-
aster. And the inspectors, subject to direction by
the supervising inspector, under such regulations as
theSecretary of the Treasury may prescribe, may, in
their ccrtifieatc, authorize a vessel to carry a smaller
number of life-boats, and shall require a vessel to
carry a larger number of life-boats than are herein
required, according to the number of passengers,
officers,- and crew to be carried by such vessel; and
the certificate in every such case shall prescribe the
requisite proportion of life-boats, the size, kind, and
capacity of each, to such passengei s, officers, and crew.
And the inspectors shall authorize the substitution
for the portion of such life-boats diminished hfe-
rafts, or other contrivances to insure safety to all the
passengers and crew: Provided, Xhatsuehsubstitutes
shall be supplied with suitable vessels for water, and
shall be equivalents for the life-boats for which they
shall be substituted; but no exemptions shall be
valid unless expressed in the certificate of the in-
spectors ; and such substitutes shall be authorized by
the supervising inspector, subject to the approval of
the Secretary of the Treasury and under such regu-
lations as he shall prescribe. And the master of
every vessel carrying passengers shall select a cock-
swain and crew ior each life-boat or raft; and each
passenger shall, on the first day of the voyage, be
assigned, by due notice, to a life-boat or rait at a
designated part of the vessel in which or on which
he shall seek safety in case >f emergency requiring
the use of such boats or rafts. Each cockswain of a
boat or raft shall be required to keep such boat or
raft in proper order and efficiency. And it shail be
the duty of such master to require, in the case of sea
voyages of fiye hundred miles or more, that i-ueh
cockswain, under the supervision of the officer of the
watch, shall every night before sundown see that his
boat or raft is thoroughly equipped with spars, saite.
oars, and water, and especially in foggy weather,
and when in proximity to dangerous coasts that the
same is kept in constant readiness; and every mas-
ter shall require the crews of such boats or rafts to
be repeatedly exercised on each voyage in manning,
equipping, and preparing for launching their re-
spective boats or rafts that they may acquire facility
in the same. For failing to provide the boats or raits
as herein required the owner or owners of such ves-
sel shall incur a pcualty of not less than §500 or more
than $2,000 for each and every offense. And any
master who shall fail to comply with the require-
ments imposed upon him in and by the terms of this
section shall incur a penalty of fifcy dollars for every
offense.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec. S. And be it further enacted. That every vessel
carrying passengers shall have not less than three
double-acting forcing pumps, with chambers of an
effective capacity of at least one hundred cubic
inches, to be worked by hand, and one by steam, if
steam can be employed, otherwise all to be worked
by hand. Ono of such pumps shall beplaeed near the
stern, one near the stem, and one amidships, each
having a suitable, well-fitted hose of at least two
thirds the length of the vessel, kept at all times in
perfect order and constantly attached to their respec-
tive pumps: each of which pumps shall be supplied
with water by a pipe connected therewith and pass-
ing through the side of the vessel so low as to be at
all times in the water when she is afloat. But in ves-
sels not exceeding two hundred tons burden two of
said pumps may be dispensed with; and in% vessels
of over two hundred tons and not exceeding five
hundred tons one of said pumps may be dispensed
with; and every steam vessel carrying passengers
shall further be provided with suitable and efficient
means for conveying steam from the boilers of' such
steam vessel to any part of the hull of the same for
the purpose of extinguishing fire.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec. 4. JLnd be it further enacted. Thot the classi-
fication of life-boats shall be as follows: class one
shall benotiess than thirty feet long, and five ana
one half feet wide, and three feet deep; class two
shall be not less than twenty-five feet long, five feet
wide, and thirty inches deep; class three shall bo
not less than twenty-two feet long, four and one
half feet wide, and twenty-seven inches deep ; class
