1504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
four shall be not less than twenty feet long, four and
one half feet wide, and twenty-foar inches deep;
Qlass five shall be not less than eighteen feet long,
four and one half feet wide, and twenty-two inches
deep; class six shall be not less tliansixteen feet
long, four feet wide, and twenty-two inches doop.
Classes five and six shall be used only onboats navi-
gating bays or rivers. Vessels of five hundred and
under eight hundred tons shall have two boats of
class three and two boats of class four; vessels of
eight hundred and under twelve hundred tons shall
have two boats of olass two, two boats of class three,
and two of class four; vessels of twelve hundred and
under two thousand tons shall have two boats of
class one, two boats of class two, two boats of class
three, and two boats of class four; vessels of two
thousand and under three thousand tons or upward
shall have four boats of class one, two boats of class
two, two boats of class three, and two boats of class
foui'.
The-next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this
act be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. On page 3, section one,
line sixty, I move to insert the word " day"
instead of the word " night." It is a clerical
error.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I now desire to offer an
amendment to reenact a seetion of the old law
which I believe has worked well, and which
was drawn with a great deal of ingenuity to
accomplish the purpose designed. •
Mr. COBBETT. It is not necessaTy to insert
in this bill the provisibn of the old law to which
the Senator refers.
Mr. STEWART. This bit! repeals all other
acts on this subject, and in it you undertake to
say what the life-saving apparatus shall be.
Mr. POMEROY. That is not inconsistent
with this bill.
Mr. STEWART. I do not know whether it
is inconsistent or not. It is well enough to put
this iu ss an additional section on the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. While the Senator is pre-
paring his amendment I should like to suggest
an amendment to the Senator from Michigan.
The first seetion provides for nothing but life-
boats, saying nothing about life-preservers. In
the third line of the first seetion, after the word
"shall," I suggest to insert the words "be
amply provided with the most approved life-
saving devices, and shall."
Mr. CORBBTT. In other parts of the bill
we provide for life-preservers.
Mr. POMEROY. There is a provision for
life-boats, rafts, and other contrivances in this
bill, but nothing about life-preservers. Every-
body who has been to sea knows what that
means. It is not in the bill.
Mr. CORBETT. I think the old law pro-
vides for life preservers, and this bill makes
provision only in cases where there are no
provisions of law now.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know whether
this would repeal the old law or not, nor do I
know whether the old law is specific in regard
to the number. This bill is specific in regard
to the number of life-boats, but not of life-
preservers. Nothing is said on that subject.
Then I notice by the reading of the bill it is
designed to save the men ; but if there shall
be any women or children on board it does
not make any provision for them. I suppose it
is of as much importance to save the women
as the men.
Mr. CORBETT. The bill speaks of " all
passengers."
Mr. POMEROY. It uses the word " he."
On the third page, beginning at the forty-
eighth line, it is provided :
th® master of every vessel carrying passen-
gers shall select a cockswain and crew for each life-
boat or raft; and each passenger shall, on the first
SlA „ voyage, be assigned, by due notice, to a
life-boat or raft, at a designated part of the vessel,
into or on which he shall seek safety.
Mr. CORBETT, You-can insert the words
" or she.
Mr. FRBLINOHtFYSEN. It. ought to be
"without distinction ofTfcce or color." ("Laugh-
ter.] r °
Mr. POMEROY. I do not, eare to correct
the phraseology ; but I should Mppose tbe man
who wrote the bill would so arrange it. I sug-
gest a verbal amendment in the fifty-third line,
after the word "he," to insert the words " or
she." It is a mere verbal criticism. If the
Senator is of the opinion that life-preservers
are provided for in the original law—the law
already in existence—I do not care to move
an amendment on that subject.
Mr. CORBETT. I think it is provided for
in the law. I know that the supervising in-
spectors have the power now to require them.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator from
Kansas give way to enable me to offer an addi-
tional section while he is looking up the verbal
inaccuracies?
Mr. POMEROY. This bill is full of them.
Mr. NYE. I do not care anything about
the verbal amendments. - You can fix them as
yon like.
Mr. POMEROY. There are some amend-
ments of substance as well as of form ; but I
will hear the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. NYE. I offer the following amendment
as an additional section :
And be it further enacted. That every vessel carry-
ing passengers shall supply each of her state-rooms
or one half of the berths in each state-room with
"Solding's cork mattresses."
I desire to say one word if I can get the
attention of the chairman of the committee.
Any person who has had any experience in
wrecks at sea knows the danger incident to a
wreck. All these life-boats are very well \vhen
you can get them down and get to them ; but
this is a thing that has been recommended by
the Secretary of the Treasury ; and it has this
advantage: the cork mattress forms a bed upon
which the passenger sleeps; each end of the
mattress is supplied with water and with bread.
Throwing that mattress over, let it come up
which side it may, the person upon it is always
able to get at a supply of fresh water and of
bread. Take, for instance, the late accident
upon the Ohio river, where those two boats col-
lided and burned. There would not have been
ten passengers lost on board those boats if they
had had this mattress that each one could con-
trol. A mattress weighs something like forty
pounds, and jumping overboard with it with a
rope running around the edge men would be
safe, and one mattress will hold twelve persons.
In addition to that these mattresses are capable
of so hookiujr together that you can make a
raft upon whrch you can carry any number of
passengers if you have mattresses enough. I
have seen some little experience, and I know
the danger is in the first moment of wrecking
when there is confusion, and before you can
get the boats arranged or get into the boats the
worst of the catastrophe is over, and the pas
sengers are lost.
Mr. CORBETT. This bill provides for that
class of contrivance, provided the inspectors
think they are the best. We have avoided
designating any particular patent, but the bill
requires, iu case a portion of the life-boats are
diminished, that they shall provide " life-rafts
or other contrivance to insure safety to all the
passengers and crew," and we have avoided
anything like designating any one patent, leav-
ing all to present their patents, and to be
adopted according to the opinion of the in-
spectors. This bill has been prepared under
the supervision of the inspectors. I have pre-
sented the bill to the board who were sitting
here, and had conversation with them, and it
has been prepared with a good deal of care.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator read
the exact language of that portion of the bill ?
Perhaps I did not hear it.
Mr. CORBETT. "And the inspectors shall i
authorize the substitution for the portion of
such life-boats, diminished life-rafts, or other
contrivances to insure the safety to all the pas-
sengers and crew."
Mr. NYE. Then I will be content with
" Golding'scork mattress or other appliance."
Mr. CORBETT. That would be designating
some particular kind of matters or apparatus,
which we preferred not to do. I have examined
the mattress suggested by the Senator, but—:—
Sir. NYE. You do not like it. I do
Mr. CORBETT. I do not desire to desig-
nate that particular kind of apparatus.
Mr. MORTON. I am not sure that this is
not a bill to some extent for the benefit of
patent rights. It has been suggested to me
that this cork mattress is a patent which no
aoubt the patentee would like to sell; but I will
call attention to the twelfth line on the Second
page.
I;®. 1 ask the honorable Senator if
the nie-boatis not "a patent?
of life boateBETT" 111616 ^ differe,lt kinds
_ Mr. NYE. They are all patented. There
is not a life-boat that is not patented.
Mr. MORTON "And every vessel of more
than twelve hundred tows, and not exceeding
two thousand tons burden, shall have eight
life-boats, one of which shall be self-bailing or
sell relieving of water." I am told that is a
patent.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state that there are
different patents for that.
Mr. MORTON. I will be through in a mo-
ment. It goes on to provide that "every such
vessel of more than two thousand tons and of
three thousand tons burden and upward shall
have ten life-boats; two of which"shall bo self-
bailing or self-relieving of water." In other
words, they shall employ this patent. This
is made equally applicable to steamers on the
western rivers as to sea-going vessels
Mr. CORBETT. Nofsir
Mr MORTON. I understand it to be ap-
plicable to steamers on the rivers as well as to
sea-going vessels, whereas that patent right
would not be needed for boats on the rivers.
1 his patent is to provide for the safe launching
a boat on a rough sea and not on a river
Mr. CORBETT. I will call the gentleman's
attention to line twenty-two.
Mr. MORTON. I was going to refer-to that:
But the inspectors are hereby authorized to ex-
emp„ steamers navigating rivers only from the obli-
gations to carry, of the life-boats herein provided
for, more ti.au three, the same being of suitablo
dimensions, and furnished with all necessary appa-
ratus lor use and safety, provided such steamers be
suppliedwith other suitablo means for the presorva-
tion ot lito in case of fire or other disaster.
So you see it does not exempt these river
steamers from having this particular apparatus.
It exempts them from carrying more than such
a number of life boats, but does not exempt
them from carrying this apparatus.
Mr. CORBETT. It does not exempt them
from carrying a life-boat, but it does not pro-
vide that they shall carry a self-relieving or
selt-bailing boat.
Mr MORION. This is a general provision,
and it they are not excepted it is applicable to
river steamers. The provision in regard to
river steamers is that they may carry a smaller
number of life-boats, but it does not exempt
them from carrying the self-bailing apparatus :
and this amendment offered by the Senator
from Nevada, this cork mattress patent. I am
informed would not be necessary or important
to river steamers.
Mr NYE. Allow me to ask the honorable
benritor, m that late collision on the Ohio river
if those people had had these mattresses!
whether there would have been a person lost
or drowned? Not at all. They are most espe-
cially applicable to rivers, for there every one
can take up his bed and "go to sea" with per-
fect security on a river.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to state that this
provides for a very large class of vessels ■
And every vessel of more than twelve hundrwi
tons and not exceeding two thousand tons burden
u-i ■ P1-1 e eight life-boats, one of which shall he
self-bailing orself-relieving of water; and every sueh
vessel of more than two thousand tons, and of three
thousand tons burden and upward, shall have ten
relieving ofVwater!' ^ L
That is the only provision where it requires
thi^rfnetVbng °r self"bailul§ boats- It provides
Kffi, , ese yessels shall be provided with
He boats as are now required by law ■ but it
leaves it open for parties topresent their paten ts
and gives the inspector/the opportunity to
