1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
329
Latvs of the United States.
40th Cong...3d Siss.
are hereby, declared a special reservation for
Government purposes; and that, until other- i
wise provided by law, it shall be unlawful for !
any person to land or remain on either of said
islands, except by the authority of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; and any person found on
either of said islands, contrary to the provisions
of this resolution, shall be summarily removed;
and it shall be the duty of the Secretary of War
to carry this resolution immediately into effect.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
No. 23.—Joint Resolution authorizing the
Union Pacific Railway Company, Eastern
Division, to change its Name to the " Kan-
sas Pacific Railway Company."
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Union Pacific
Railway Company, eastern division, is hereby
authorized by resolution of its board of direct-
ors, which shall be filed in the office of the
Secretary of the Interior, to change its name
to the " Kansas Pacific Railway Company."
Approved, March 3, 1869.
No. 24.—Joint Resolution relative to certain
Purchases by the Interior Department.
Beitresohed bythe Senafeand Souseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby directed not to receive or
make payment for three hundred thousand
sheets of bond paper claimed to have been
ordered of the stationery contractor for the
Interior Department at a cost of twenty-four
thousand dollars; and also that he withhold
payment on any bills claimed to be due to said
contractors the sum of two thousand three hun-
dred and eighty dollars charged and received
for printing seventeen thousand patent heads,
which work was not performed by them ; and
also the value of forty thousand sheets of
bond paper, at eight cents per sheet, now in
the custody of said contractors, unless the
same is returned; and that he also deduct
from their unpaid bills the amount charged for
goods in such unpaid bills (not included in
their contract) above the prices at which like
goods are sold in open market.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
No. 25.—A Resolution requiring the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office to trans-
fer certain Money.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of the General Land Office be, and is hereby,
authorized to transfer to the Treasury Depart-
ment the twenty-five hundred dollars appro-
priated " for collecting statistics of mines and
mining," by act of Congress approved July
twenty, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, and
that the Secretary of the Treasury be required
to disburse the same as provided for in said act.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
No. 26.—Joint Resolution donating condemned
Cannon and Muskets for the McPherson
Monument.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized to fur-
nish to the McPherson Monument Association,
of Clyde, Ohio, four pieces of condemned iron
cannon, four pieces of condemned brass can-
non, twenty-five cannon-balls, and one thou-
sand condemned muskets, with bayonets, to be
placed about the monument.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
No. 27.—A Resolution extending the Time for
the Completion of the first twenty Miles of
the Cairo and Fulton Railroad.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in case the Cairo
and Fulton Railroad Company shall complete
the first section of twenty miles of said road
by the twenty-eighth day of April, eighteen
hundred and seventy, and the Secretary of the
Interior shall be satisfied of such completion,
then the said company shall be entitled to its
lands in all respects and to the same extent as
it would have been had said twenty miles been
completed by the twenty-eighth of July, eight-
een hundred and sixty-nine, as provided by
law relating to said railroad company approved
July twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
No. 28.—A Resolution reappointing Louis
Agassiz a Regent of the Smithsonian Insti-
tution.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Louis Agassiz, of
Cambridge, Massachusetts, be, and he is hereby,
reappointed a Regent of the Smithsonian Insti-
tution to fill the vacancy occasioned by the
expiration of his present term.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
No. 29.— Joint Resolution authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to remit the Duty on
certain Meridian Circles.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to re-
mit the duties on a meridian circle, imported
for the observatory at Cambridge, in the State
of Massachusetts, and a meridian circle im-
ported for the observatory connected with the
Chicago University, at Chicago, in the State of
Illinois.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
