332
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap XVII.—An Act for the Belief of Rufus
M. Hollister, of Janesville, Wisconsin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the-
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Eufus M. Hollister, of Janes-
ville, Wisconsin, the sum of five hundred dol-
lars, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to reimburse the said
Hollister for that sum, in seven-thirty bonds of
the United States, lost and destroyed by fire on
the sixteenth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six.
Approved, January 30, 1869.
Chap. XVIII.—An Act confirming Title to
"Little Kock Island," in the Mississippi
river.
Whereas, according to the official plat of the
survey of the public land returned to the Gen-
eral Land Office by the surveyor general, a
certain island, in the Mississippi river, known
as Little Book Island, and situate opposite the
city of Clinton, in the State of Iowa, was sur-
veyed and platted as being within the district
of lands subject to entry and sale at the Gov-
ernment land office at Dubuque, in the Terri-
tory of Iowa; and whereas said island was
entered by Jonathan L. Pearce, junior, at said
Government land office at Dubuque, as appears
by cash certificate number three thousand three
hundred and twenty-six, and was subsequently
granted by the United States to said Jonathan
L. Pearce, junior, by letters-patent dated the
first day of January, A. D. eighteen hundred
and forty-six, and recorded in volume seven,
page two hundred and ten, of patents, in which
said letters-patent said island is described as
being "Little Rock Island, in the Mississippi
river, in township eighty-one north, of range
seven east, of the fifth principal meridian, in
the district of lands subject to sale at Dubuque,
Iowa Territory, containing thirty-nine acres
and four hundredths of an acre;" and whereas
said island is situated east of the main channel
of the Mississippi river, in the State of Illinois,
in the district of lands subject to sale at Spring-
field, in said Illinois: Now, therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and Souse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the title to the said
island be, and the same is hereby, ratified and
confirmed to the said Jonathan L. Pearce,
junior, and his grantees, fully, in like manner
and effect and in all respects to the same intent
and purpose, as if the laws of the United States
respecting the survey, entry, and sale of the
public land had been fully and in every respect
complied with and observed: Provided, That
this act shall not be construed to deprive any
other person of any right or title to said land
acquired from the United States.
Approved, January 80, 1869.
Chap. XXII.—An Act for the Belief of Com-
mander John L. Davis.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officer of the Treasury pay to Commander
John L. Davis two hundred and seventy-one
dollars and ninety-one cents out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, February 2, 1809.
Chap. XXV.—An Act for the Relief of John
H. Osier, of Guernsey county, Ohio.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be paid to
John H. Osier, late first lieutenant twenty-
sixth regiment O. V. I., the pay of a first lieu-
tenant of infantry from the thirty-first of July
to the fourth of October, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five.
Approved, February 9, 1869.
Chap. XXVI.—An Act to confirm the Title
to certain Land to the Pueblo of Santa Ana,
in the Territory of New Mexico.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the lands claimed
by and belonging to the pueblo of Santa Ana,
in the Territory of New Mexico, lying upon
the Jernez or Santa Ana river, and not exceed-
ing four square leagues in extent, as reported
by the surveyor general of said Territory in
his report to the Secretary of the Interior,
of January fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, be, and the same is hereby, confirmed,
and the Commissioner of the General Land
Office shall issue the necessary instructions for
the survey of said claim, and upon the return
and filing in his office of such survey and plot,
said Commissioner shall issue a patent there-
for : Provided, hoioever, That the confirmation
shall only be construed as a relinquishment of
title on the part of the United States, and shall
not affect any adverse valid right, should any
such exist.
Approved, February 9, 1869.
Chap. XXVII.—An Act for the Belief of Jane
McMurray.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
allow and pay to Jane McMurray, of Carlisle,
Pennsylvania, widow of Ezekiel McMurray, a
soldier of the war of eighteen hundred and
twelve, a pension at the rate of eight dollars
per month, in lieu of the sum of four dollars
per month now received by her, to commence
from the fourteenth day of July, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two.
Approved," February 16, 1869.
Chap. XXVIII.-
to the widow
deceased.
-An Act granting a Pension
and child of Martin Whitt,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Margaret Whitt, widow of Martin
Whitt, late a private in company B, fourth
regiment Kentucky volunteers, and allow and
pay her a pension, commencing September
nineteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three.
Appr.ovED, February 16, 1869.
Chap. XXIX.—An Act granting a Pension to
AnneDycher, widow of Matthew D. Dycher.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
place the name of Anne Dycher, widow of
Matthew D. Dycher, late a sergeant in com-
pany M, first regiment New York cavalry vol-
unteers, on the pension-roll, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to commence from the first
day of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
and to continue during her widowhood.
Approved, February 16, 1869.
Chap. XXX.—An Act granting a Pension to
Elizabeth J. Miller, widow of General John
Miller.
Beit enacted bythe Senate and House of Rep:
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
place upon the pension-rolls, subject to the pro-
visions andlimitations of the pension laws, the
name of Elizabeth J. Miller, widow of General
John Miller, of Kentucky, and to allow and pay
her a pension at the rate of thirty dollars per
month, to commence from the, thirtieth day of
August, eighteen hundred and sixiy-two, and
to continue during her widowhood.
Approved, February 16, 1869.
Chap. XXXIX.—An Act granting a Pension
to Daniel Hauser, a citizen of North Car-
olina, and a soldier of the war of eighteen
hundred and twelve.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress, assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, required to place
the name of Daniel Hauser, now a citizen of
Forsyth county, North Carolina, a soldier of
the war of eighteen hundred and twelve, who
served in the fifth regiment of North Carolina
militia, upon the pension-roll; and that the
said Daniel Hauser be paid out of the pension
fund the sum of eight dollars per month from
the first day of January, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, during the remainder of his natural
life.
Approved, February 19, 1869.
Chap. XL.—An Act for the Belief of William
Grant Powers.
Beit enacted bythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized to
admit into the Government Hospital for the
Insane, in the District of Columbia, William
Grant Powers, an insane person, son of Mrs.
Eliza H. Powers, widow, an employe of the
Government in the Post Office Department.
Approved, February 19, 1869.
Chap. XLI.—An Act for the Relief of the
estate of Isaac Philips, deceased, who was
a Private in the Revolutionary War.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be paid out of
the pension fund, or out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to Sally
Philips, daughter-in-law of Isaac Philips, de-
ceased, the sum of five hundred dollars, which
is to be in full for all pension claim that was due
from the United States to said Isaac Philips,
a private in, the revolutionary war, said Sally
Philips having nursed and taken care of him
in his declining years.
Approved, February 19, 1869.
Chap. XLIV.—An Act for the Relief of Nott
and Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Attorney General
be, and he is hereby, directed to examine the
claim of Nott and Company, American mer-
chants trading and doing business in China,
against the Chinese Government, for losses of
coin sustained in eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven by the capture and robbery of the vessel
called the " Neva and that, if in his opinion
the said claim ought to be paid, he is hereby
authorized and instructed to order the same to
be paid, with the rate of interest allowed on
other claims from the time of such loss, out of
any funds received from the Chinese Govern-
ment, under the treaty of eighteen hundred'
and fifty-eight, for the payment of losses sus-
tained by American citizens; and that the said
amount be paid to the said Nott and Company,
or the surviving copartner or copartners, or any
person duly authorized to be their agent or attor-
ney, from the fund now held by the Secretary
of State.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That the
decision of the said Attorney General as to the
right of said claimants to be paid, as to the
amount to be paid, and as to the parties enti-
tled to receive the same, shall be final and
conclusive.
Approved, February 22, 1869.
