660
THE CONGRESSIONAL QLQBI.
January 23,
e0TWet-tbat*«<k i g, still notbeing itt a con-
dkkwrto-pafc that-p owsr'in force wa say mean-
white you shall not take advantage of your own
Wrorfg-doing. .1- • '
-T'fes bill;- then, is' defensible, first on the ori-
ginal text of theCo«stitutian,-in' which the
sobjeet-of suffrage-is considered it is defeasible
upon the guarantee clause Of the Constitution;
itlis defensible npon tbe fourteenth article of
amendmenttothe Constitution; aildk-is-defens'
ible Ms tbe exercise-«f & necessary power in
the Government. The-power is_ essential to
the existence and preservation of tbe Govern-
ment, itselfv and "Was- so regarded by tbe men
who fraraed the Constitutioii'of 1787.
Leaving tbe argument I come now to the
presentation of certain reasons why we should
pass "the bill, and also sfibmit the proposed
amendment to the Constitution to tbe Legisla-
tures of the several States.
Mr. PRUYN. I dislike to interrupt the gen-
tleman, but as he has just stated that he has
fassed to another point, I would _ like to ask
i , in view of his re-cent declaration, on what
grounds the bill is defeasible—whether he
means that those grounds are cumulative or
whether he woald rest th^ whole on the original
Constitution without the fourteenth article of
amendment?
Mr. BOUT WELL. What I mean to say is,
if either one of the three positions, which 1
have taken is sound then the bill is defensible;
that is- to say, if my construction of the ori-
ginal provisions of the Constitution concerning
tbe power of tbe national Government over
the time, place, and mariner of holding elec-
tions be correct, or if the power given to us
onder the guarantee clause of the Constitution
be what I assert it to be, or if we rely exclu-
sively upon the fourteenth article of amend-
ment, that either of these constitutes a suffi-
cient justification for what-we now propose to
do. But when we have the cumulative power—
if it be possible to conceive of an accumula-
tion of power in the Constitution—wben we
have the cumulative power of those three great
provisioas added to the supreme necessity of
the case that the national Government should
have the right to exereise those powers neces-
sary fot its own existence, I hold that there
remains no longer a constitutional or logical
reason why we should: hesitate to acfc.
Mr. PK.UYN. ■ The statement is not quite
satisfactory.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Before tbe gen-
tleman proceeds tq the consideration of the
other matter I desire to have the benefit of his
views upon a difficulty that occurs to my mind
in his argument; not because! antagonize with
the views he has presented, but simply that I
may's have the benefit of his views touching
that difficulty. I understood the first proposi-
tion of the gentle mart's argument to be sub-
stantially this: that ■ if the Constitution bad
reposed in the States the unlimited power to
regulate the matter of.voting for Federal offi-
cers it would involve ttis mischief, to wit: that
thereby the power, woald be- placed in the
States to. withhold from the Government the
election of Federal officers at alt, and that that
mischief might be fatal to the Government
itself* Am f right in that statement?
•Mr.-BOUTWELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. SBELLABARGER, -Then tbe gentle-
man in passing to what is called the guarantee
clause of the Constitution • as the third point
to be discussed, maintains that the clause oper-
ates as a limitation upon the power of the
States to prohibit them from Creating what the
gentleman calls an aristocracy; in other words,
prohibits them from confining the right to vote
to such a number of people as that it would
not be a republic. Now,-the question that {
wish to ask, and tbe difficulty in my mind that
I wish the gentleman-to remove is'-this? whether
bis last proposition does not destroy bis first
one, and whether, taking the two -together,
there is not found in the Constitution, in the
guarantee clause, that very check upon the
reduction of the representative franchise to
■sach an extent as in his first proposition, be
says, would or might overthrow- the Govern-
ment.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have no difficulty in
my-own mind upon-thafc point. - The pro-vision
in the Constitution in the first article referred
to relates exelasively to the subject of suffrage,
and the second of the provisions which I kavei
feadras I interpret it, gives to the-General
Government precisely that power over the sub-
ject of voting which tbe States themselves
possess. When a difficulty arises in a State,:
relating solely to the matter, of suffrage, we
ma/ legislate under and by virtue of these
provisions of tbe Constitution and remedy that
particular evil, but the provision in the Con-
stitution in relation to the guarantee by the
United States of a republican form of govern-
ment to each State is a broader authority. It
not only relates to the question of suffrage, in-
cluding that, of course, but it also includes
many other possible anti-republican evils or
difficulties in a State. As for example the very
case which the Supreme Court in the Rhode
island controversy suggested, that a State might
establish a military government". Suppose they
did so, as was done in France, by universal suf-
frage, it. would be none the less an anti-repub-
lican proceeding, a military government antag-
onizing, superseding a republican government.
We might not be able to reach it under the pro-
visions of the first section of the Constitution
relative to suffrage, and then we should be
obliged to act under the great power vested in
the United States to guaranty to each State
a republican form of government. We could
exertour power, political and military if neces-
sary, to dispossess those people who through
universal suffrage had taken military control
of the State.
Mr.SHELLABARGER. Still, Mr. Speaker,
I fail to sec how the difficulty is met by the
proposition now suggested. If I understand
what is now suggested, it is that the guarantee
clause was meant to prevent more mischief or
other mischief than the mere matter of the
curtailment of the right of suffrage.
Mr. BOUTWELL. But includes that.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. And includes that
too. But the difficulty still remains," ! sup-
pose, and I will repeat it; .it is this: the first
argument or proposition of the gentleman*
which has exceeding force, taken by itself, is
that if the power to regulate the matter of
suffrage be left in the States unlimitedly, then
he says the States have the power of the con-
tinued existence of the Government iu their
hands.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I think I see more dis-
tinctly now what point tbe gentleman has in
view.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. My point is this:
is not that difficulty in your construction of
this clause met and overcome by that which
you concede to be included in the other clause?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have no doubt about
that; but then I can understand that ia the
work of framing machinery for a Government
the Convention of 1787 could very properly have
said: we will provide a special remedy for par-
ticular grievances or wrongs, to wit, we will give
power of the General Government to make or
alter any State regulation relating to the times',
places, and manner of holding elections. The
idea of investigating all the institutions of a.
State for tbe purpose of ascertaining whether
its government is republican in form involves
larger consequences than a mere inquiry as to
whether the ballot is equally enjoyed by all the
citizens of a State. They provided in the Con-
stitution a special remedy for these particular
difficulties, but in providing a larger remedy
for other and greater difficulties they were in
the nature of the case led to the use of lan-
guage which included the subject of suffrage.
But for the purposes of the particular inquiry
in which we are now engaged, if the provision
of the Constitution relating to the times, places,
and manner of holding elections had been omit-
ted and the guarantee clause included, we still
should have had the necessary authority; or if
the .guarantee clause had been omitted and the
provision relating to the times, places, and
manner of hplding elections had been included,
we still should have constitutional power suffi-
cient for the present exigency.
If I have made myself clear upon this point
I desire bow to pass to the consideration of
those reasons operating upon my mind in favor
of-'tbe passage of a bill, and tbe submission by
joint resolution, also, of an amendment to the
Constitution'of the United States. And I must
speal very plainly, though my words may, as
Ianticipatethey will, give opportunity for those
who atfe opposed to this measure to indulge in
criticism upon what I may say. Our object is
to secure universal suffrage to all adult male
citizens of this country. The power is in our
bands, 'first, as a Congress, and secondly as a
party responsible for what this Congress does.
If we submit a constitutional amendment alone,
we in a certain sense admit that the power for
which I ara now contending is wanting. More
than that; there are but twenty-five States to
which we at tbe present time could look for
the ratification of this amendment. We have
then to secure three other Statesin support of
the proposition. We are to enter'upon that
work with a certain amount of prejudice against
and traditionary opposition to negro suffrage.
Sir, I doubt not that nine tenths of the Re-
publican party of the country are in favor of
manhood suffrage. One tenth of the party are
not in favqr of it, and they constitute the great
obstacle in the way of perfecting this benign
measure. For one, I am in favor of taking the
responsibility of the position which we occupy.
We are responsible for universal suffrage as
one of the crowning measures of an adminis-
trationof eightyears' duration, to be continued
for four years by the judgment of the people
already pronounced. The great majority of
the people—and in this connection 1 will say
that by ''thepeople" I mean those who on the
3d of November last supported General Grant
for the Presidency—the great majority of them
expect of us the consummation of this plan.
We have at this moment the right and thepower
on our side. Why, then, not submit a bill
alone? Because there is no provision in the
Constitution by which the United States is de-
nied the power of abridging the right of citi-
zens to'vote. There is, in the fourteenth article
of amendments to the Constitution, a limitation
upon the power of the States in that respect,
but none npon the power of the United States.
The amendment which we propose secures the
people against any abridgment of their elect-
oral power, either by the United States or by
the States. In that alone there is sufficient
reason to justify the amendment.
In the next place, although I am myself per-
suaded of the existence of the power, and that
it covers all State officers, still a different argu-
ment may be made against the proposition to
legislate in reference to State officers from that
which can be made against the proposition
contained in this bill. Exercising the power
which we possess, we provide that members
of the State Legislatures shall be elected by
all the adult male citizens in the several States.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman yield
to trie at this point for a moment?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. If I have heard the gen-
tleman aright, in the progress of his remarks
he has said repeatedly that the drift of this
proposition was to secure political power to
the male adult eitizens of the United States.
Now, I would ask the gentleman if the proposed
amendment as printed contains any such pro-
vision at all ? l>oI understaud the gentleman
aright as saying that the object is to secure the
political power in the several States of this
Union to the adult male citizens of the United
States?
Mr. BOUTWELL. That is the purpose of
the amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I would call the
attention of the gentleman to tbe fact that this
joint resolution as printed does not relate to
the adult male citizens of the United States.
Mr. .BOUTWELL, It does not. speak of
