1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
561
them as such. I do not desire now to discuss
that particular provision of the proposed amend-
ment. I will, however, listen at another time
to any suggestion on that point the gentleman
may desire to make, either in public or in pri-
vate.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope I shall have the
opportunity to move an .amendment to this
joint resolution, to improve its language.
Mr. BOUT WELL. Opportunity will cer-
tainly be given for amendment, as we desire
to perfect this proposition.
If we rely exclusively upon a bill which
when enacted is merely a law, and subject to
congressional control and to all the vicissitudes
of polities and changes of opinion, we cannot
be assured of its fate in some future Congress.
Therefore, if we have power to do what is con-
templated in this bill, let us act. Having given
to the colored people in several of the States
the power to vole we have put into the politics
of the country an element by which the amend-
ment itself can be carried. I speak very plainly,
because I have no processes in my own mind in
reference to this or any other public measure
which I am not at all times willing to disclose.
There are one hundred and fifty thousand citi-
zens of the United States who by this bill will
be entitled to the elective franchise but who are
now disfranchised—'seventeen hundred in Con-
necticut, ten thousand in New York, five thou-
sand in New Jersey, fourteen thousand in Penn-
sylvania, seven thousand in Ohio, twenty-four
thousand in Missouri, forty-five thousand in
Kentucky, four thousand in Delaware, thirty-
five thousand in Maryland—who will rally to
the support of this constitutional amendment
if by the law they are enfranchised. These men
have by the Constitution and by the judgment
of the people of this country been declared citi-
zens and entitled to all the rights of citizens.
Now, in this struggle for the establishment of
manhood satiVage in the country are we to de-
cline the services of one hundred and fifty thou-
sand men who are ready to do battle for us at
the ballot-box in favor of human rights: not
of their own rights merely, but of the rights of
all men on this continent?
Sir, there can bo no safety while we con-
tinue the wrong. Ifone hundred and lil'ty thou-
sand black men may be disfranchised in ten
States of this Union, if hundreds or thousands
of naturalized citizens may be disfranchised in
Rhode Island, where is the security 1 The for-
eigners naturalized in this country have acted
under an opinion or impulse or prejudice
against enfranchising the negroes; but when
they see that their own class may be disfran-
chised, what security have thej better than the
negro who in Maryland is disfranchised ? Some
day or another the foreigners may desire to
settle in South Carolina. South Carolina lias
a majority of black people. Suppose they dis-
franchise the natives of Ireland, or Germany,
or the Scandinavian States. In view of such
a contingency will the foreign citizens hesitate
in this crisis when they have the power to settle
this great question of human rights, not for
negroes merely, but for white men? To white
men born in this country, to white men born
in other countries and coming here, as well as
to negroes, there is no security while this great j
wrong continues. If we fail to act, and if, I
sir, there be a day of retribution for our omis- i
sion to do our duty, as there has been a day !
of retribution for those men who omitted to [
do their duly upon another great question in- !
volvlng public crime, there can be no defense !
for us. |
Mr. WELKEll. I desire to inquire whether !
there is anything in this bill that will prevent '
any of the States from requiring of voters a |
property or an educational qualification ? j;
Mr. BOUTWELL. I do not suppose there is. 'j
Mr. WELKEB. Then the States may, under ;|
this bill, require such a qualification? |
Mr. BOUTWKLL. 1 suppose they may. \
Mr. Speaker, there is a special duty which we .
owe to these black people. There is a sper-ial j
duty which we owe to the white people of the \
South. To day the blacks in the South are ii
40th Cuxg. 3d SEiS.—No. 36.
laboring under special disadvantages due to the
circumstance that in Ohio and in other States
of the North their kindred are not allowed to
vote. When we shall have established universal
manhood suffrage for the whole country we
shall have given the black people in the South
a position in the affairs of their respective
States which they cannot command while their
race is the subject of an unjust discrimination
in other States of the Union. This question
goes home as well to the white people of the
South. Many of this class havo been before a
committee of this House askingfor the removal
of their political disabilities. I, for one, am not
influenced by any resentment, by any malice,
by any desire conceivable to myself, to delay
for one moment their restoration to all the
rights they formerly enjoyed. But, sir, I do
not see how this House or this country can
consent to relieve these men from their dis-
abilities while those with whom they associate,
and for whose conduct they are in some degree
responsible, are oppressing our friends, the
loyal men of the South.
Whenever we do justice to the black man
in the North we improve his position, his capa-
city to take care of himself in the South. 1
know very well, from personal interviews with
conservative men of tho South, that to-daythey
are influenced in their opposition to negro
suffrage by the fact that negro suffrage is not
established in the old free States of the Union.
The measures before us are a part of the great
work of harmonizing the country, of pacifying
all classes, of reconciling all interests.
Mr. Speaker, the Republican party must,
abide tho judgment of posterity upon what it
has done, but it must still move forward and
consummate the great works it has undertaken.
We need only courage, a fixed purpose to be
just, with economy and honesty iu administia-
tion. Jf to preserve our power in the country
we are unjust we shall become timid. ''Con-
science doth mike cowards of us all," and,
becoming timid, the people will abandon us.
Justice, honesty, economy, power on one side ;
injustice, timidity, ruin on the other.
Mr. BROOKS. I move the following amend-
ments to the bill and joint resolution, ill older
to carry out the principles of the gentleman
from Massachusetts and to do justice to mil
lions of women :
Strike out the word "citizens" and insert "per-
sons;" mid insert before the wor<l "r;iou" "his or
her;" ami after the same word insert. " sex, nativity,
or age when over twelve searsto tho joint resolu-
tion and bill will read as follows;
Joint resolution proposing nn amendment to the
Constitution ot tho United Static.
Be it resu/vctl by the. Semite told ITomc of Jlcpre
ihipft of the United Statex of A marina in CotU/t-fHH ushvin-
bied, (two thirds of both Houses concurring,) That
tho following article bo propot>ed to the Legi>!atui es
of tho several States an amendment to tho Con>fi-
tution of the United States, which* when ratihed by
three fourths of Legisldttue^, shall be held as
part of&aid Constitution, namely:
AimoLK —.
Section 1. The rishi of any person of tho "United
States to vote shall not be dcriie>l or abiid;,red by the
United States or any State by reason of his or her
race, sox, nativity, or age when over twelve years,
color, or previous condition oft in very of any citizen
or class ot citizens of the United States.
Skc. 2. The Congiesfe shall have power to enforce,
by appropriate legislation, the provision!* of ihis
article.
A bill to secure equal privileges and immunities to
citizens of tho United Si tto°, uud to enforce the
provibions of article fourtocu of the amendment*
to the Constitution.
Be i> enacted by the $enat>- and [fount: of Rf[>rchfiiin-
iives of the Cdiftil ^statfinof America in ('ori//r< w aisarm- ;l
bled. That no State shall abridge oi deny thought
of any per-'on of the United States to vote for elector? .!
of President and Vice President of the United !j
States, or for "Representatives m Congress, or for j;
members ot the Legislature ot tho State in which :>
he may reside, by reason of his or lier jace, color, h
sex, nativity, or uge when over twelve year*, or ||
previous condition of slavery; and any provisions ;i
in the iaua or constitution of any State inconsistent ,|
with this section aie hereby declared to be nuli and <\
void, jj
Sec. 2. Andbc it farther enacted. That every person ■'
Livviuiiy en£;ijred ni preparing a regibtjy of voieis,
or m holding or conduct nig an election ior any of the
officers named in the fir*-t section of this act, who ;i
shall willfully refuse to register the name or to re- ;!
ceiv«, count, return, or otherwise give the proper j
Legal effect to the vote of any person entitled to vote !;
for any officer named in the first section of this act,
on account of his or her racc, color, nativity, sex,
or age, when over twelve years, or previous con-
dition of slavery of such citizen, shall bo punished
by a fine of not more than &4.000 or by imprisonment
for not more than two years.
Sue. 3. And be it farther cnaetcd, That any person,
who shall willfully hinder or obstruct, or attempt to
hinder or obstruct any person on account of his or
; her race, sex, nativity, or age when over twelve
: year-, color, or the previous condition of slavery of
I xl 1 y^zen. hi the exorciho of his right to vote for
: the oftic<n-s named in the first section ol this act, shall
be punished by a line of not more than $3,000 or by
imprisonment for not more than one year.
SivC. -h.And be it further awctcd, That any person
disqualified by scctton three ot article fourteen of the
amendments to theConstituuonof thcllnited States,
ana from whom such disability shall not have been
removod by act of Congress, who shall oxcreiso the
powers and duties, of any office therein specified, shall
bo deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and being con-
victed thereof shall be imprisoned and kept at hard
labor for the term of two years; and an indictment
for the same maybe found at any time within ton
years from tho commission of the offense.
Sec. 5.( And be if further enacted, That the district
courts of tho United States, within their respective
districts, shall havo exclusive jurisdiction of all
offenses committed against this act, and the district
attorneys, marshals and deputy marshals of tho
United_ States shall, and they aro hereby specially
authorized and icquired. at the expense of the Uui-
ted States, to institute proceedings against any per-
son who .shall violate tho provisions of this act.
The amendments were ordered to be printed.
Mr. liGBlNSOST. I move the following
amendments:
Injoint resolution, line nine, strike out tho words
" citizen of the" and insert in lieu thereof " inhabit-
ant of and who has no residence other than in."
In the bill, section one, lino three, strike out tho
word "citizen'' and insert "inhabitant," aud in lino
four, after the words " United Stales," insert "hav-
ing no residence elsewhere than in tiie United otates/'
The amendment was ordered to be printed.
Mr. KNOTT. Mr. Speaker, as the other
provisions of this measure will no doubt bo
fully and ably discussed by other gentlemen
on this side of the Ilouse, I will confine myself
in what 1 shall have to say, to the considerat ion
of the fourth section of the bill, in connection
with the third section of the fourteenth amend-
ment proposed to the Constitution of the United
States, under which its enactment is not only
sought, to be justified, but claimed to be neces-
sary. It is not my purpose, however, to enter
into any discussion of the manner in which that
amendment is said to have been rati lied. 1
shall forego any remark upon the singular polit-
ical phenomenon presented in the duplex char-
actor which has been ascribed to ten States of
this Union—sovereign and coequal States when
the concurrence of their will has been neces-
sary to effect an alteration in the Federal com-
pact, but subjugated provinces, prostrate and
powerless at the feet of the conqueror, when it
has suited the caprice, or the interest of a
majority in Congress to annul their constitu-
tions, dissolve tlieirgovernmenls, abrogate their
laws, destroy tho harmony of their domestic
relation-', and rob their citizens of every guar-
antee in the Bill of Rights, i shall say nothing
of the extraordinary means resorted to by the
power which proposed this amendment, to se-
cure its ratification according; to the letter of the
Constitution, and shall leave it to casuists of
more subtlety and astuteness than I possess, to
determine whether the spirit of that instrument,
has been consulted in the employment of those
moans. 1 slwll not inquire whether Congress,
for the purpose of procuring the formal rati-
fication of a pioposed amendment to tho Fed-
einl Constitution, can either justly or legally
trample under foot the rights of agiven number
of States, throttle their governments, suspend
or destroy their constitutions, strip their elect-
ors of the habiliments of citizenship, invest
others .vith the elective franchise, create Legis-
latures. subservient to its will, and compelthose
Legislatures to give their assent to the amend-
ment proposed under the penalty of having
their respective States debarred from all par-
ticipation whatever in the General Govern-
ment, besides being deprived of the republican
Siate governments guarantied to them in the
Gonstirution.
1 shall not attempt to ex;,io-e the sources
of constitutional an thorny to ascertain whence
itis claimed that the Federal Legislature derives
