1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
337
Laics of the United States.
40th Cong....3d Sess,
Chap. CX.—An Act granting a Pension to
B-etsey S. Jack man.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congi ess assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Betsy S. Jackman, foster-
mother of Benjamin H. Jackman, late of com-
pany I, twenty-third regimentof Massachusetts
volunteers, commencing May sixteenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-four.
Approved, March 1. 1869.
Chap. CXI.—An Act for the Relief of H. A.
White.
Be it enacted, by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral is heieby directed to pay to H. A. White,
late captain of company C, third regiment of
North Carolina mounted infautiy, out of any
money appropriated lor the pay of the Army,
the lull pay and allowances ot' a captain of
infantry, from October fifteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty four, to August eighth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five.
Approved, March 1, 1809.
Ciiap. CXII.—An Act granting a Pension to
Cyrus Hall.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Cyrus Hall, late a private in
company A, of the fortieth regiment of Massa-
chusetts volunteer infantry, commencing May
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three.
Approved, March 1, 1869.
Chap. CXIII.—An Act for the Relief of John
Gestiger.
Be it enacted, by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Cmiyress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
diiected to place the name of John Gestiger,
late a private in company F, nineteenth regi-
ment Wisconsin volunteers, subsequently
transferied as a pruate of company C, ninth
regiment Veteran Reserve corps, on the pen-
sion roll, at the rate of fifteen dollars per
month, to commence December twelfth, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and sixty four.
Approved, March 1, 1869.
Ciiap. CXIY.—An Act granting a Pension to
John A. Paiker, a soldier in the war of
eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of John A. Parker, late
a private in company K, fifih regiment of
Kansas cavalry volunteers, who had his left
arm shattered in battle so as to render ampu-
tation necessary, and that he be paid during
his natural life, out of the pension fund, the
sum of fifteen dollars per month, to commence
on the first day of January, anno Domini one
thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.
Approved, March 1, 1869.
Chap. CXV.—An Act granting a Pension to
Clarissa It. Grant.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, the Secretary of the
40th 3d S3i.s,— No. 22.
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Clarissa K. Grant, widow of
William H. Grant, late a private in company
R, of the fifth regiment of Maine volunteer in-
fantry, commencing October twelfth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one.
Approved, March 1, 1869.
Chap. CXVI.—An Act granting a Pension to
Sarah A. Wilcox.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension roll the name
of Sarah A. Wilcox, late a nurse in the United
States hospitals, now a resident of Cincinnati,
Ohio, and pay her a pension at the rate of
eight dollais per month during her disability,
commencing July first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five.
Approved, March 1, 1869.
Chap. CXVII.—An Act granting a Pension to
Jacob S. Baker.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary ot the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Jacob S. Baker, of Marion
county, Illinois, formerly a private in company
I, fourth regiment Indiana volunteers, in the
war with Mexico, to receive a pension from
the approval of this act.
Approved, March 1, 1869.
Chap. CXVIII.—An Act granting a Pension
to Emily H. Gardner.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congiess assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Emily H. Gardner, widow
of William H. Gardner, late a contract sur-
geon, and pay her a pension at the rate of
seventeen dollars per mouth, commencing July
seventeenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Approved, March 1, 1869.
Chap. CXIX.—An Act for the Relief of Edwin
B. Hoag.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral be, and he is hereby, authorized to pay to
said Edwin B. Hoag, in addition to what he is
now receiving, such sum or sums as shall make
the payment for carrying the mails on route
number eleven thousand four hundred and
ninety-four equal to the sum of three hundred
and ninety-six dollars per annum for all the
time he has or shall convey said mails on said
route under the existing contract.
Approved, March 1, 1869.
Chap. CXX.—An Act for the Relief of George
Kaiser.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay George Kaiser, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sura of one hundred and eighty-
one dollars and fifty cents for labor and mate-
rial furnished in building a hospital at Parkers-
burg, West Virginia, in eighteen hundred and
sixty-one.
ApShoved, March 1, 18G9.
Chap. CLTT.—An Act to confirm certain Pri-
vate Land Claims in the Territory of New
Mexico.
Be itenacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That private land claims
numbered forty-one, forty-two,forty-four,forty-
six. and forty-seven, Territory of New Mexico,
as known and designated by the numbers afore-
said in the reports of the surveyor general of
the said Territory, and on the books of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, be,
and the same are hereby, confirmed: Provided,
That such confirmation shall only be construed
as a quit-claim on [or] relinquishment of all
title or claim oil the part of the United States
to any of the lands not improved by or on be-
half of the United States, and not including
any military or other reservation embraced in
either of the said claims, and shall not affect
the adverse lights of any person or persons to
the same, or any part or parcel thereof.
Sec. 2. And be-it further enacted, That, the
Commissioner of the General Land Officeshall,
without unreasonable delay, cause the lands
embraced in said several claims to be surveyed,
and platted, at the proper expense of the claim-
ants thereof, and upon the filing of said surveys
and plats in his office heshall issue patents for
said lands in said Territory which have hereto-
fore been confirmed by acts of Congress and
surveyed, and plats of such survey filed m his
office as aloresaid, but for which no patents
have heretofore been issued.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all
surveys authorized by this act shall conform
to a*d be connected with the public surveys
of the United States in said Territories, so far
as the same can be done consistently with the
landmarks and boundaries specified' in the
several grants upon which said claims are
founded : Provided, however, That when said
lands are so confirmed, surveyed, and patented,
they shall in each case be held and taken to
be in full satisfaction of all further claims or
demands against the United States.
Approved, Marih 3, 1869.
Chap. CL1II.—An Act for the Relief of Cap-
tain Charles Hunter, United States Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be diiected to pay to Captain Charles
Hunter, United States Navy, outnf any monies
[moneys] in the Treasury not, otherwise appro-
priated, pay as commander in the Navy, on
leave, from the twenty-second day of June,
one thousand eight hundred and sixty-three,
to the twenty-first day of June, one thousand
eight hundred and sixty-six.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CLIV. —An Act for the Relief of Wright
Duryea.
Whereas on the tenth day of April, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and fifty-five, a pat-
ent was issued to Wright Duryea, of the city, •
county, and State of New York, for a certain"
"card exhibitor," and that owing to circum-
stances beyond his control he has riot, up to
the present time, as it is alleged, derived either
profit or emolument therefrom; and further-
more, being desirous of applying for a renewal
of said patent, has been prevented by ill health
from making the petition therefor within the
time specified by law: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of Patents is hereby authorized and empow-
ered to receive the application for the renewal
of said patent, in the same manner and with
the same effect as though the time Had not
passed which is specified by law within which -
applications for the, extensions of patents are.
