Qffi
THE COFGBISSIOML GLOBE.
January 23,
such extraordinary powers; nor seeek to de-
termine the effect which such a condition of
moral duress should have upon the validity of
an amendment to the Constitution procured in
such a manner. Still less shall I undertake to
say that the course pursued toward several ofthe
States of this Union to compel their ratification
of this amendment has been consistent in every
particular with the cardinal doctrine of the Dec-
laration of Independence, that Governments
derive their, just powers from the consent of
the governed. But waiving a consideration of
nil these questions which have been already so
often and so elaborately discussed by abler intel-
lects than my own, I will concede for the pur-
poses of the argument I now propose to sub-
mit that this amendment has been duly ratified
in accordance with both the letter and the
spirit of the Constitution, and is to all intents
and purposes, as much a part of that instru-
ment as if it had been inserted in the original
draft. As such it is nothing more nor less than
a part of the lex scripta—simply a portion of
the written law ofthe country ; no more sacred,
no more binding, and no more mysterious,
either in effect or construction, than any other
statutory provision passed in pursuance of the
Constitution, although enaeted by a different
power and in a different mode from those per-
taining to ordinary legislation, and it is conse-
quently subject to the same rules that apply
in the interpretation of ail other statutes, and
to no others.
1 propose therefore to examine the third sec-
tion of this amendment by the light of those
long-settled canons of legal interpretation,
which were recognized in the earliest dawn of
our system of jurisprudence, and which have
been adhered to ana enforced by almost every
enlightened jurist who has had occasion to
advert to tbem from that time to the present
moment. These rules are of the very essence
of natural reason, and strict morality. They
were ordained by the Divine Power when it
endowed mankind with the capacity of dis-
criminating between right and wrong. They
are indicated by the plainest dictates of sim-
ple justice; and I undertake to say, sir, that no
rational and unprejudiced mind can make a
fair and impartial application of them to this
section, without being satisfied that it has no
retrospective operation at all, that it has no
reference whatever to any-person who was
engaged in the late rebellion against the Gov-
ernment of the United States, but was intended
to apply to those only, who should engage iu
rebellion or insurrection after its ratification.
At any rate it so appears to my mind, and it
is the truth of this particular proposition that
I now desire to prove.
It is remarked by Dr. Lieber, in his Legal
and Political Hermenutics, that "every man, or
body of persons making use of words does so
in order to convey a certain meaning; and to
find this precise meaning is the object of all
interpretation." Hence the most natural and
obvious of all the rules by which the rational
mind seeks to ascertain the intention of the
law-maker in the enactment of a particular
statute, is the one so familiar to every member
of the legal profession, that in construing a
statute recourse must in the first instance be
had to the words in which the legislative will
lias expressed itself. If they are plain and
unambiguous, there investigation ceases. No
matter what our own feelings, or convictions as
to the policy, or expediency of the law may be;
no matter what conclusions extraneous con-
sideration might lead to, we are compelled to
presume that the legislator meant what his
words plainly imply, and we are not at liberty
to go beyond them to determine the legislative
intent, unless a rigid adherence to them would
result in an absurdity, or palpably conflict with
the context. This principleis abundantly sus-
tained by authority. Vattel, in discussing the
rules for the intei pretation of treaties, book 2,
chapter 17, section 2G2, says:
" The firstgeneralinaxim of interpretation is, that
it is not allowable to interpret what has no need of
interpretation. When a deed is worded in ciear and
precise terms, when its meaning is.evident, and leads
to no absurd conclusion, there can be no reason for
refusing to admit th& meaning which, such deed nat-
urally presents. To go elsewhere in search of con-
junctures, in order to restrict or extend it, is an
attempt to elude it."
The same rule was clearly, and concisely
stated by the Supreme Court of the United
States as a cardinal principle of legal con-
struction in the case of the United States vs.
Fisher and others, reported in 2 Granch, page
858, in this language :
" Where a law is plain and unambiguous, whether
itbeexpressed in genoralor limited terms, the Legis-
lature should be intended to mean what they have
plainly expressed, and consequently there is noroom
left for construction."
But, sir, in all the vast number of cases, both
in this country and in England, which I have
examined upon this point, and which affirm
the rule as I have stated it, I have nowhere
found it more beautifully, more fully, or more
forcibly and clearl/expressed, than by the court
of appeals of New York in Newel vs. The
People, 3 Sold., 97 ; from which I will read the
following.
The court says in this case :
"Whether we are considering an agreement be-
tween parties,a statute,ora constitution with a view
to its interpretation, the thing we are to seek is the
thought which it expresses. To ascertain this, the
first resort in all cases, is to the natural signification
of the words employed, in the order and grammatical
arrangement in which the frauicrs of the instrument
havo placed them. If thus regarded, the words em-
body adefinite moaning which involves no absurdity,
and no contradiction between different parts ot the
same writing; then the meaning apparent on the
face of the instrument is the one which alone wo are
at liberty to say was intended to be conveyed. In
such a case there is no room for construction. That
which the words declare, is the meaning of tho in-
strument, and neither courts, nor Legislatures have
a right to add to, or take away from that meaning."
Bat, sir, this principle has frequently been
declared by the highest judicial authority known
to our Government, to apply to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, as well as to every
other statute, or instrument of writing what-
'ever; for, as I said awhile ago, there is no good
reason why the Constitution should be inter-
preted according to any other rules than those
which apply to all other statute law. Chief
Justice Marshall, the great original expounder
of the Constitution of the United States, the
splendid judicial luminary whose effulgence
gilded the morning of our constitutional his-
tory and whose lingering beams will fringe
the twilight of its existence, himself repeatedly
so applied it. Here, in the case of Sturgis vs.
Crowninshield, (iWheaton, 202) he says;
_" It is well settled, that the spirit of the Constitu-
tion is to be respected no loss than its letter, yet that
spirit is to be collected chiefly lrom its words, and
neither the practice of legislative bodiesnor extrinsic
circumstances can control its clear language."
Again, the same illustrious juristand states-
man, in the later case of Gibbons vs. Ogden,
(9 Wheaton, 188) says:
"As men whose intentions require no concealment,
generally employ words, which most directly, and
aptly express the ideas they intend to convey, the
patriots who framed our Constitution, and the people
who adopted it, must bo understood to have employed
words in their natural sense, and to have meantwhat
they said."
I might go on, sir, and cite authorities to
this effect almost indefinitely; but taking it for
granted that no impartial legal mind will ques-
tion the correctness of the principle I have
stated, that the meaning of a written law must
in the first place be determined, if possible,
from the words in which it is expressed, and
that when they are plain, we are not at liberty
to resort to extrinsic facts and circumstances
to discover what the law-maker might have
intended, I will ask attention to the words of
this particular section, and see if we cannot,
without the aid of any extraneous circumstance
whatever, ascertain from them the idea they
were intended to convey. The section reads
as follows:
"No person shall be a Senator or Representative
in Congress, or elector of President and Vice Presi-
dent, Qr^hold any office, civil or military, under the
United States or under any State, who having pre-
viously taken an oath as a member of Congress, or
as an officer of the United States, or as a member of
any State Legislatureror as an executive or judicial !
otteer of any State to support the Constitution of the I
United States, shall have engaged in insurrection or
re'bellion against the same, or given aid and comfort
to the enemies thereof. But Congress may, by a
vote of two thirds of each House, remove suoh dis-
ability."
Now, sir, if there is any obscurity in this
language, it is not in the signification of the
terms employed, but results, if atalf, from the
great number of words which the draftsman
thought it necessary to use in enumerating the
several-positions and offices from which cer-
tain persons shall be excluded, and the vari-
ous circumstances under which such persons
are, supposed to have taken an oath to support
the Constitution of the United States. When
the text is analyzed the words will be found to
have a plain and definite meaning, about which
there can be no dispute; and, sir, it should be
distinctly observed that the terms here made
use of to denote the tiine of the commission
of the criminal act for which the guilty party
is to be disfranchised under this section, are
the words "shall have," for these two words
afford a key by which we can determine in-
fallibly, whether this section was intended to
be an ex post facto law or, not. If in their
plain and ordinary acceptation they denote an
action which had taken place before the time
at which they were employed in this connec-
tion, then this section was manifestly intended
to operate retrospectively, but if, on the con-
trary, they signify, as here used, an action which
is to transpire after they are made use of, then
the section is as clearly prospective, and can
have no reference to any one who had engaged
in rebellion before it was-enacted.
They must, however, refer to one or the
other—the past or the future. They cannot
refer to both. For, sir, in every mind capable
of forming a conception of time at all, there
are three distinct ideas—as distinct, in fact, as
three things can possibly be—under one or the
other of which the mind naturally and instinct-
ively ranges every action, event, or condition of
things of which it is capable of taking notice.
I mean the ideas of the past, the present, and
the future ; and as words are the means devised
by human reason, whereby the ideas of ono
mind may be clearly and distinctly manifested
to another, every language spoken upon the
earth must of necessity furnish signs by which
these ideas of the past, the present, and the
future may be uumistakably distinguished from
each other, and these signs can no more be
confounded with each other than the ideas
themselves, if they could be, language would
cease to have any definite signification, and de-
generate into simply unmeaning jargon. Par-
ticularly is this true of written language, which
may be said to lie crystalized thought—ideas
not only manifested but fixed, and made tan-
gibleand permanent so as to reflect themselves
without extraneous aid in whatever mind may
be sufficiently instructed to read them, and
more especially when those ideas are designed,
as in this instance, to affect the most valued
interests of the citizen, and the highest con-
cerns of society.
What then, sir, does the expression "shall
have engaged," as used in this section, mean?
Does it refer to an action which had taken
.place before the enactment of this amend-
ment, or to one that was to take place after its
ratification? Now, if we assume that the inten-
tions of those who proposed, as well as those
who ratified this amendment required 110 con-
cealment, that they aimed to use the words
which would most directly and aptly express
tho ideas they intended to convey, and that
they meant what they said, we are forced to
the conclusion that they had no reference to
past transactions at all; because if tbey had
they would have said "no person shall be a
Senator, &c., who has engaged in rebellion,
&c.," or if they had intended to limit it to
the late rebellion they would have said "no
person shall be a Senator, Jc., wiio engaged
in the late rebellion, &c.," or if they bad in-
tended that the section should embrace both
the past and the future, they would naturally
have said "no person shall be a Senator, &c.,
who has engaged or may hereafter engage ia
