.338
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
required to be made : Provided, That no per-
son who may make or use said "card exhib-
itor," after the expiration of said patent and
before an extension thereof shall_ be granted
by said Commissioner, shall be liable to any
action or damages therefor.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. XLV.—An Act for the Relief of Mary
A. Filler.
Whereas Sergeant Henry Drenning, late of
company K, fifty-fifth regiment of Pennsylva-
nia volunteers, was killed at Cold Harbor, in
Virginia, on the third day of June, A. D. eight-
een hundred and sixty-four, leaving no widow,
[and] no heirs lineal or collateral; and whereas
the Henry Drenning was the adopted and fos-
ter-son from childhood of Mrs. Mary A. Filler:
Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and Souse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Mary A. Filler, fos-
ter-mother of said Henry Drenning, shall be
entitled to receive the back pay due to the said
Henry Drenning at the time of his death, and
the bounty to which he would havebieu entitled
by law.
Approved, March 3. 1869.
Chap. CLVI.—An Act for the Relief of the
Illinois Iron and Bolt Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
examine a judgment by confession, rendered
on the second day of October, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty five, in the circuit court of the
northern district of Illinois, against the Illinois
Iron and Bolt Company for five thousand and
five hundred dollars, penalties for certain
alleged violations of the internal revenue laws,
und to refund to the said Illinois Iron and Bolt
Company so much of the amount paid into the
Treasury of the United States, not exceeding
twenty-seven hundred and fifty dollars, as upon
investigation he may think it right and proper
under the circumstances of the case to remit.
Approved, March 8, 1869.
Chap. CLVIL—An Act for the Relief of Henry
Barricklow.
Whereas on the twenty-eighth day of March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, by the sink-
ing of the steamboat " Nat. Holmes," in the
Ohio river, near the city of Aurora, Indiana,
Henry Barricklow lost the following described
twenty-three land warrants, to wit: numbers
fifty-three thousand nine hundred and eleven,
eighty thousand two hundred and eighty-five,
eighty thousand three hundred and nine, and
eighty thousand three hundred and forty-one,
issued under the act of February eleventh,
eighteen hundred and forty-seven; number
seven hundred and ninety, issued under act of
March twenty-second, eighteen hundred and
fifty-two; and numbers thirty one thousand
and seventy-eight, thirty-four thousand two
hundred and sixty-six, forty-four thousand and
thirty-seven, forty-nine thousand nine huudred
and eighty-six, fifty-five thousand one hundred
and thirty-two, fifty-seven thousand three hun-
dred and thirteen, sixty thousand one hundred
and one, sixty thousand four hundred and
eleven, sixty two thousand four hundred and
eighty-eight, sixty-six thousand four hundred
and eighty-one, seventy-one thousand three
hundred and fifty-seven, eighty thousand and
forty three, eighty-one thousand six hundred
and eighty-three, eighty-one thousand eight
hundred and thirty, eighty two thousand four
hundred and twenty one, eighty-two thousand
seven hundred and ninety-six, eighty-two thou-
sand nine hundred and eighteen, and eighiy-
four thousand four hundred and eighty-nine,
[issued under] act of March third, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five; eiclt for one hundred
and sixty acres: and whereas duplicates of
said warrants, have been issued by the Com-
missioner of pensions and delivered to said
Barricklow: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That said Henry Bar-
ricklow is hereby authorized to locate, or sell
and assign, said duplicate land warrants in the
same manner as if the same had been issued
in his name, and patents shall be issued by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, on
the location of said duplicate warrants, as in
case of other land warrants.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CLVIII.—An Act for the Relief of cer-
tain Companies of Scouts and Guides organ-
ized in Alabama.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Captain H. J. Spring-
field's company of scouts and guides, number-
ing forty-two officers and men, and Captain
John B. ICennamer's company of scouts and
gnides, numbering thirty-three officers and men,
organized m northern Alabama, under orders
of Brigadier General R. S. Granger, command-
ing the district of northern Alabama, approved
by Major General George H. Thomas, com-
manding the department of the Cumberland,
shall be entitled to receive pay for their ser-
vices from the date when they respectively
joined such companies to the date when they
were relieved from duty, respectively, at the
price fixed by order of General Thomas, to wit:
captains, three dollars; lieutenants, two dol-
lars ; sergeants, one dollarand fifty cents ; and
privates, one dollar per day ; the value of the
clothing received by each of said scouts and
guides to be deducted from the amount due
them respectively. And if either of said scouts
or guides is dead, or shall die before receiving
the amount due him, his heirs or other legal
representatives shall be entitled to receive the
same.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That, in
auditing and paying the foregoing accounts, the
rolls of said companies now on file in the office
of the Adjutant General of the Army shall be
the dita to guide the accounting officers ; and
said claims shall, when audited, be paid by the
Paymaster General out of any money hereto-
fore appropriated, or that may hereafter be
appropriated, for the pay of the Army.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all
other companies or parts of companies of scouts
and guides organized or employed by General
It. S. Granger under authority of or by the
approval of Major General George H. Thomas,
commanding department of the Cumberland,
be entitled to the same relief as provided
for the companies named in the first section
of this act: Provided, however, That before
such payment satisfactory evidence of service
shall be furnished by claimants and approved
by the Secretary of War.
Appi«>ved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CLIX.—An Act granting a Pension to
Madge K. Guthrie and Robert B. Guthrie.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place upon the pension-roll, sub-
ject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the names of Madge K. Guthrie
and Robert B. Guthrie, children of Presley N.
i Guthrie, late a captain in the United States
| Army, and pay them, or tbeirauthorized guard-
l ian or guardians, a pension of twenty dollars
! per month, commencing May second, eighteen
, hundred and sixty-seven, and continuing until
November eleven, eighteen hundred and sixty-
I eight, and afterward to the said Robert, or his
guardian or guardians, until October twenty-
three, eighteen hundred and seventy-one, when
he will attain the age of sixteen years.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chaf. CLX.—An act granting a Pension to
Lemuel Bartholow.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Lemuel Bartholow, late a
private in company G, of the one hundred and
twenty-sixth regiment of Ohio volunteers, and
pay hima pension, commencing January third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CLXL-—An Act for the Relief of Lieu-
tenant Colonel John W. Davidson, of the
United States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the Secretary oi the
Treasury be, and be is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Lieutenant Colonel John W.
Davidson, of the United States Army, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, the sum of two hundred and eight-
een dollars and twenty-five cents, being the
amount of public money stolen from him while
in his possession at Los Angelos. California,
in August, eighteen hundred and forty-seven.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CLXII.—An Act for the Relief of the
Heirs and legal Representatives of Charles
C. Cook, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Amei ica in
Congress assembled, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral is hereby directed to pay to the heirs or
legal representatives of Charles C. Cock, de-
ceased, formerly ofcompany C, seventy-seventh
regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, the full pay
and allowances of a second lieutenant of in-
fantry, fromthefirstdayofNovember, eighteen
hundred and sixty one, until the sixth day of
November, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
when he died from wounds received in battle,
deducting therefrom, however, such sums as
may have been already paid to Charles C. Cook
for his military services during that period.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CLXIII.—An Act to confirm certain
Private Land Claims in the State of Missouri.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the claims of the legal
representatives of Gabriel Cerre and Sophia
Bolaye, falling within the exterior boundaries
of the commons of Carondelet, the former
entered as number sixty, for four hundred ar-
pents, and the latter as number twohundredand
seventy nine, for one hundred and fifty arpents,
in the first class of decisions of the board of
land commissioners under the acts of Congress
approved ninth July, eighteen hundred and
thirty-two, and second March, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-three, for the adjustment of
private land claims in Missouri, as recom-
mended by said board, (H. Ex. Doc. 59, 1st
session 24th Congress, p. 187, and S. Doc. 16,
same session, page 40.) which claims were con-
firmed by the act of Congress approved fourth
July, eighteen hundred and thirty six, subject
to location elsewhere than in place in case of
conflict, (Stat. L., vol. 5, page 1'26,) be, and
the same are hereby, confirmed in place, sub-
ject to any valid adverse rights, if such exist,
and patents for said claims shall be issued
accordingly.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
