340
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
[March 3, 1869.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
compensation and satisfaction for the use of a
gun-elevating screw invented by said Samuel
T. Hartt, and which had been used on the iron
gun-carriages of the United States.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
Chap. CLXXVTI.—An Act for the Relief of
George Fowler, and the Estate of De Grasse
Fowler, deceased, or their Assigns.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That George Fowler and
the administrators of the estate of De Grasse
Fowler, or their assigns, have leave to make
application to the Commissioner of Patents
for an extension of the letters-patent for im-
provement in machine for punching metal,
issued to the said George Fowler and De
Grasse Fowler for the term of fourteen years
from the seventeenth day of April, eighteen
hundred and fifty five, in the same manner as
if the petition for said extension had been filed
at least ninety days prior to the expiration of
said patent, and that the Commissioner be
authorized to consider and determine said ap-
plication in the same manner as it' it had been
ii led ninety days before the expiration of the
said patent.
Approved, March 3,1869.
Chap. CLX5VIII.—An Act confirming per-
tain Purchases of Lands in the Ionia Dis-
trict., Michigan, made by Charles H. Rodd
and Andrew J. Campeau.
Be it enacted by the S- note and House of Rep-
resentatives of Hie United states of America in
.Congress assembled, That the locations and
purchases of land made by Charles II. Rodd
and Andrew J. Campeau, under the provisions
of the treaty of August two, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, in the Ionia land district, Michi-
gan, he, and the same are hereby, confirmed,
so far as such purchases or locations were
made prior to the instructions of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office to the regis-
ter and receiver not to allow any farther Indian
locations or purchases in the Indian reserva-
tion : Provided, That such purchases were
made regularly, according to ihe regulations
and instructions of the General Land Office in
force at the time: And provided, That this
act shall not prejudice any adverse claims to
such lands.
Approved, March 3, 1809.
RESOLUTIONS.
No. 4.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
George \V Lane, Superintendent of the
Branch Mint at Denver, Colorado, and
Assistant Treasurer of the United States.
Be itresolvedby the Senateand House of Rep-
resen tatives of the Utilled Slates of A merica in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
credit and allow to George W. Lane, superin-
tendent of the United Stales branch mint at
Denver, Colorado Territory, in the settlement
of his accounts, the sum of fourthousand four
hundred and nineteen dollars and ninety cents,
public money, which was stolen from the mint
without fault or neglect, on the part of said
superintendent, and which has not been re-
covered.
Approved, February 4, 1869.
No. 0.—A Resolution relating to the Mileage
of Charles Westmoreland.
Resotved by the Senate and House of Repre
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and -is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to the Secretary of the Senate,
out of the appropriation for payment of the
messengers of the respective States for con-
veying to the seat of Government the votes of
the electors of said States for President and
Vice President, (act of July twentieth, eight-
een hundred and sixty eight.) in trust for
Charles Westmoreland, the only child of the
late Charles Westmoreland, the person ap-
pointed by the electors of California to deliver
to the President of the Senate a list of the votes
of California for President and Vice President
for eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, and who
died at Panama, on his way to the seat of Gov-
ernment with said list, the sum to which said
Westmoreland would have been entitled had he
reached the seat of Government and delivered
the same; and the receipt of tha Secretary of
the Senate for said sum shall be a sufficient
voucher therefor.
Approved, February 19, 1869.
No., 12.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Leonard Pierce, junior, late United States
Consul at Matamoras.
Be itresolvedby the Senate andHouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be paid to
Leonard Pierce, junior, of Houlton, Maine,
out of any money appropriated for the use of
the State Department, the sum of eleven thou-
sand eight hundred and forty-three dollars and
eighty-nine cents in gold, in full for expendi-
tures made by him out of his private funds
while United States consul at Matamoras,
Mexico, during the period from the twelfth of
March, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, to the
thirtieth of November, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, in aiding Union soldiers and ref-
ugees fleeing from Texas.
Approved, February 19, 18G9.
No. 13.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Frederick Schley.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Th at the acco un t ing officers
of the Treasury Department be, and they are
hereby, authorized to allow and credit Fred-
erick Schley, la.e collector of internal revenue
in the fourth district of the State of Maryland,
such amount of uncollected taxes as he may,
by satisfactory proof, show to have been un-
collected by reason of the destruction of his
tax lists and accounts by rebel forces during
the recent rebellion.
Approved, Februarv 25, 1869.
No. 18.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of Ed- j
ward E. Slieud, of Eastport, State of Maine.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep- ,
resentatives of tin United Slates of America in I
Congress assembled, That the Seeretaiy of the i
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to issue j
to Edward E. Shead, of Eastport, State of:
Maine, two six per centum coupon bonds, for j
the sum of five hundred dollars each, in lieu
of two bonds destroyed by fire, bearing date
eighteenth of August, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, numbered nineteen thousand seven
hundred and forty-seven, and nineteen thou-
sand seven hundred and forty-eight, payable
in eighteen hundred and eighty-one.
Approved, March 1, 1869.
No. 29.—Toint Resolution authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to remit the Dutv on
certain Meridian Circles.
Beit resolvedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives oj the United States of America in
Congress assembled* That the Secretary of the
Ireasury be, and he is hereby, directed to remit
the duties on a meridian circle, imported for
the observatory at Cambridge, in the State of
Massachusetts, and a meridian circle imported
for the observatory connected with the Chicago
University, at Chicago, in the State of Illinois
Approved, March 3, 1869.
No. 30.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Henry S. Gibbons, Luther McNeal, and
Seth M. Gates.
Be it resolved by ihe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral be, and he hereby is, authorized and re-
quired, in settling the accounts of Henry S.
Gibbons, late postmaster at St. John's. Mich-
igan, to allow hitn a sum not exceeding five
hundred dollars as indemnification for a like
amount belonging to the post office fund and
stolen from him by burglars, and which amount
has been paid to the United States by said Gib-
bons: Provided, [That! it slialPbe proven sat-
isfactorily to the Postmaster General that funds
belonging to the Post Office Department to the
amount of five hundred dollars were stolen by
burglars, and that said Gibbons was not guilty
of neglect in t.he custody thereof.
Sec 2. And be it further resolved, That Lu-
ther McNeal be paid the sum of one hundied
and seventy-five dollars and forty-six cents for
mo;:ey and postage stamps belonging to the
United States, and which were stolen from the
post office at, the town of Lancaster, Krre
county, New York, while lie was postmaster,
and which sum he has paid to the Government
on settlement with the Post Office Department,
as such postmaster, and that such sum be paid
out of the post office fund by the Postmaster
General upon the said McNeal making proof
to his satisfaction that said money and stumps
were stolen without, any fault, of said McNeal.
^ Sec. 3. Ancl be it further resolved, That in
the settlement of the accounts of Seth M.
Gates, postmaster at Warsaw, New York, with
the Post Office Department, the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authorized to
allow a credit to the said Seth M. Gates of
seven hundred and twenty-six dollars and sev-
enty- three cents, the amount, in value of postage
stamps belonging to the United States, stolen
from the post office on the sixteenth day of
July, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, while
the said Gates was postmaster : Provided, That
it shall satisfactorily appear to the Postmaster
General that the said Gates was guilty of 110
negligence in the custody of said stamps.
Approved, March 3, 18G9.
No. 33.-
-Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Mrs. Ella E Hobart.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America tn
Congress assembled, That Ella E. Hobart, who
was appointed as chaplain to the first regiment
of Wisconsin volunteer heavy artillery, shall be
entitled to receive the full pay and emoluments
of a chaplain in the United States Arnij, for
the time during which she faithfully performed
the services of a chaplain to said regiment, as
it she had been regularly commissioned and
mustered into service.
Approved, March 3, 1869.
