THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
very neatly parallel to that of the section
ure are considering; and- it was contended
that this statute operated to defeat the action.
The court held, however, that it did not. But
some of the learned barons lay down the rule
I have stated so much more clearly and forci-
bly than I can myself, I will read from their
.opinions. Baron Rolfe says, after reciting the
clause, I have read from the statute:
"The effect of this clause is to make void all wagers,
and to prevent the bringing or maintaining ,&riy ac-
tion for the recovery of money won on any wager;
and the only question is whether its operation is
retrospective, so as to affect past transactions and
existing suits. Xhe general rule is stated by Lord
Coke in the second Institute—" JVovaeonstitutiofutu-
1'in foruiam imponere debet nan proetertiii'^and the
rainoiple is .one of such obvious convenience and
justice, that it must always bo adhered to in the con-
struction of statutes, unless in cases where there is
something on the face of tho enactment putting it
•fefigond doubt that the Legislature meant it to oper-
ate retrospectively."
Baron Alderson says, in the same case :
"In construing statutes the general rule, as it
scorns to me, which ought to guide us in their con-
struction is that which has boon stated. They are
not to be supposed to apply to a past but a future
state of circumstances."
Then further down, after giving instances in
which a departure from the rule would work
great mischief, he says, in conclusion :
" Here, no doubt, tho Legislature were desirous of
putting an end to gaming and wagers; but unless the
words imperatively reauire it, we ought not to make
their prohibition retrospective, for it is contrary to
the first principles of justice to punish those who
have offended against no law, and surely to take
awfiy existing rights without compensation is in the
nature of punishment."
. t will simply pause, sir, to ask if this princi-
ple is so sacred and important that one of the
most learned courts that ever graced the Eng-
lish bench refused to give a statute a retrospect-
ive meaning, simply because by so doing they
might deprive a set of gambling sharpers of the
gains of their nefarious calling, we, as states-
men, are to consider this section in such a
light as to sweep away without trial, the most
important rights that can pertain to the citizen
■in society? *
But, sir, a still more determined opposition,
if possible, to giving ijjjitutes a retrospective
effect has been manifested by the courts of this
country than by those of Great Britain. The
judges of the Supreme Court of the United
States have several times spoken in the strong-
est terms of disapprobation of all retrospective
laws which may affect a right. In the case of
Calderaud wife vs. Bull and wife, (3 Dal., 386,)
the first, I believe, in which a distinction was
drawn by that court between e.c poxt facto laws
and other varieties of retrospective legislation,
Mr. Justice Patterson uses this language:
/"I had an ardeufcdesiro to have extended the pro-
vision of the Constitution to retrospective laws in
general, for there isneithor policy nor safety in such
laws, and therefore I have always had a strong
aversion against them.t It may, in general, be truly
observed of retrospective laws of every description
that they neither accord with sound legislation nor
the lundamentai principles of the social compact."
And in the later case of Ogden tw.Blacklege,
reported in 2 Crancb, page272, they considered
t}ie point too plain for argument that a statute
could not retrospect so as to take away a vested
civil right. The same doctrine was laid down
by Chief justice Story in Prince vs. United
States, reported in 2 Gallison, 204, and has
been affirmed in a great number of cases in the
supreme courts of the various States in the
most unequivocal terras. For instance,inMaiue,
in the case of Hastings vs. Lane, reported in
3 Shepley, page 134; in New Hampshire, in
Woart vs. Winnick, 3 N. H., 481, and in Clark
VS. Clark, 10 N. II.,386: in Vermont, inBrigps
vs. Hubbard, 3 Vt., 86; in Massachusetts, in
Somerset vs. Dighton, 1$ Mass.,383; Medford
vs. Learned, 10 Mass.,215, among others; in
Connecticut, Perkins vs. Perkins, 7 Con., 558;
Plumb vs. Sawyer, 21 Coil., 351; and severai
other cases ; in New York, in the case of Dash
tAS.VanKieek,7 John.,-477: Watkinsos.Haight,
18 John., 138; Sayer vs. Wisner, 8 Wend., 661,
and quite a number of others; in Pennsyl-
vania, in the case of Tyson vs. School Direct-
ors, 51 Penn, State R., 9. ; in Ohio, in the case
of Allbyer vs. State, 10 Ohio 1ST. 8.,
In-
diana, State vs. Barber, 3 Ind., 258; in Illi-
nois,in Thompson vs. Alexander, 11 Ills., 54 ;
Price vs. Schuyler, *1 Oilman, 221; in Wiscon-
sin, in the State vs. Atwood, 11 Wis., 422 ; in
Iowa, in Bartruff vs. Benny, 15 Iowa, 257.
Of course, sir, I cannot in the limited time
allowed me advert particularly to all of these
cases, nor do I deem it necessary. I mention
them merely that those who have a mind to,
may examine them for themselves and see
how sedulously our courts have adhered to the
rule 1 am endeavoring to discuss. But there
is one of them to which I will ask attention,
because it has been cited as a leading case in
many of the others into which the language of
the distinguished judges has been copied, but
mainly because the most profound and elab-
orate opinion in it*was delivered by one of
the purest men, as well as one of the most
learned and upright judges that ever adorned
the bench of this or any other country—a man
whose memory will be revered and whose
genius and acquirements will be admired as
long as enlightened jurisprudence has a votary
on earth. I allude to Chancellor Kent, who
was then Chief Justice of the court, and the
case is that of Dash vs. Van Kleek, reported
in 7 Johnson, page 477.
It is not necessary that I should enter into
a statement of the facts of the case, and be-
sides I have not time if I would, but I desire
to read simply the principles laid down by the
learned judges, for they confirm and place
beyond controversy the view for which I am
now contending. Mr. Justice Thompson, after
having reviewed to considerable extent the
authorities upon the very point I am now
endeavoring to discuss, says:
"If such bo the light in which retrospective laws
ought to bo received, how unjust tho imputation
against the Legislature that they intend a law to be
of that description unless the most clear and unequiv-
ocal expressions are adopted!"
And Chief Justice Kent says in the same
case, page 502:
" The very essence of a new law is a rule for future
cases- The construction hero contended for would
make the statute operate unjustly. It would make
it defeat a suit already brought upon a right already
vested. This would be punishing an innocent party
with costs as well as divesting luna of a previously
acquired right. Nothing could be more alarming
than such a subversion of principle. A statute ought
never to receivo such a construction, if it be suscept-
ible of any other, and the statute before us can have
a reasonable object and full operation without it.
We are to presume, out of respect to the law-giver,
that the statute was not meant to operate retrospect-
ively, and if wc call to our attention the general
sense of mankind on the subject of retrospective
laws it will aiford us the best reason to conclude that
the Legislature did not intend, in this case, to set so
pernicious a precedent. How can we possibly sup-
pose that in so unimportant a case" * * * *
" the Legislature ooolly meant the prostration of a
principle which has become venerable for the an-
tiauity, and the universality of its sanction and is
acknowledged as an element, of jurisprudence?
"It is a principle in the English common law as
ancient as the law itself, that a statute, even of its
omnipotent Parliament is not to have a retrospective
efiect."
Again, further over, on page 504, he says,
after reviewing the authorities furnished by
the civil law:
" Our constitutions do not admit the power assumed
bythoPvoman prince, and tho principle wo are con-
sidering is now to be regarded as sacred. It is not
pretended that wo have any constitutional provision
on the subject, nor have we for numerous other
rightsdear alike to freedom and justicc. An expost
facto law, in the strict technical terra, is usually un-
derstood to apply to criminal cases, and this is its
meaning when used in the Constitution of the United
States. Yet laws impairing previously acquired civil
rights are equally within the reason of that prohibi-
tion and equally to be condemned.
"Wo have seen that the eases in the English and
in the ©ml law apply td such rights; and we shall
find upon further examination that there is no dis-
tinction in principle nor any recognized in practice
between a law punishing a person criminally for a
past ianoeen t act, or punishing him civi 1 ly by depriv-
ing him of a lawfully acquired right. Tho distinction
consists only in the degree of the oppression, and
history teaches us that the Government which can
deliberately violate the one right will soon cease to
regard the other. There has not been, perhaps, a
distinguished jurist or elemontary writer within the
last two centuries who has had occasion to take
notice of introspective laws, either civil or cHminal,
but has mentioned them with caution, distrust, and
disapprobation,"
Then further down, after a most elaborate
aad critical review of the authorities upon the
poii^t, he concludes:
"This train of authority, declaratory of the com-
mon sense and reason of the most civilized States,
ancient and modern, on the point before us. is suffi-
cient, I apprehend, to put it at rest, and to cause
not only the judicial but the legislative authority to
bow to such a sanction."
And ih this conclusion I presume every intel-
ligent and impartial mind will concur.
Now, this section can have a prospective con-
struction perfectly consistent with reason and
justice, and in full harmony with the sense of
all eminent and enlightened jurists for centu-
ries past. If it is to be considered as applying
only to the future, it may be with propriety
regarded as a wise and just measure by which
no one can be injured, for whoever shall engage
in rebellion hereafter, will do so with full notice
of the consequences beforehand, and if he sees
proper to hazard these consequences, he can
complain of no one but himself should they be
visited upon him. Admitting, then, that the
language of this section may be ambiguous, and
may be considered as referring to the past or
the future indifferently, to which, in the light
of all the authority to which I have adverted,
will we limit it? Will we assume to say for
the Legislatures of twenty-seven States of this
Onion, as well as two thirds of each House of
the Thirty-Ninth Congress, that they deliber-
ately intended to prostrate a great principle,
recognized as one of the fundamental elements
in every enlightened system of jurisprudence
upon the earth, and venerable not only for its
antiquity, but the universality of its sanction ?
And shall we do (his, too, in defiance of their
plain words, in the face of all the authorities I
have adduced, and in violation of the plainest
dictates of natural justice, or will we give
this section such a construction as accords with
reason, with authority, with humanity and
justice?
But, sir, these principles I have stated, and
which I presume no intelligent mind will dis-
pute, founded as they are in reason, and veri-
fied by such an irrefragable array of authority,
acquire an accumulated weight when we come
to consider this section in the light of another
rule, which is as familiar to every legal mind as
the alphabet, and which applies in this instan ce
with peculiar force. I mean the well-settled
rule, that penal statutes are always to be con-
strued strictly, so that no one shall incur a
penalty, unless the act which subjects him to it
is clearly within both the spirit and the letter
of the statute imposing it. For I imagine no
one will have the hardihood to deny that this
section is highly penal in its character. To say
that a man may be deprived of all right to par-
ticipate in the Government of his country, either
State or Federal; that he maybe singled out
from his fellow-men and degraded in the polit-
ical scale below the horse thief, the highway rob-
ber, and the midnightassassin, and yet suffer no
punishment from his degradation, is worse than
absurd; it is an insult to common sense. We
had as well say that it would be no punishment
to him to rob him of his property, deprive him
of his liberty, or deny him any of the privi-
leges of a member of society. So sacred has
this rule ever been held that &s far back as the
reign of Edward VI we find it settled, that the
law will rather endure that a particular offense
should escape without punishment than it
should he violated, and for the soundest reason
too : for, as Chief Justice Best says in the case
of Fletcherrs. Lord Sondes, (8 Bingham, 880:)
" If these rules be violated the fate of accused
persons is decided by the arbitrary discretion of the
judge, andnotby the express authority of the law.'
And must this rule, so wise, so just, so
essential to the safety of the citizen, and so
long established, be swept away with every-
thing else in order to give this section a retro-
spective effect contrary to its plain meaning
and the common sense of all mankind?
But, sir, passing from a consideration of the
mere letter of the law, should we find that
ambiguous, the next most obvious and natural
means of ascertaining the will of the legislator
is to explore the context and construe the
