TPE OONGMSSICXMAt { GiLOBIp.
January 25,
Mr. WILLEY,. presented tie -petition of
Nicholas"K. Trout, praying the removal of the
polfti'cal disabilities imposed on him by acts
of Congress ;■ which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial of members
of the Clarksburg, West Virginia, bar, remon-
strating against the removal of the circuitcourt
of the- United States for the district of -We,st
Virginia to Wh&rfing; which was referred to
the; O am m i ft dp, e ri the Judiciary. -•
Mri HARRIS presented a petition of Rich-
ard Charles Downes, praying the removal of
political disabilities' imposed on him fey acts
of.Congress;-which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr, HARLAN presented the petition of
Stark B. '1-fcylor, bailiff of the Court of Claims,
praying an, increase of salary ; which was re-
ferred to'the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CONKLI-NOr'presented a,memorial of
merchants of New York, remonstrating against
any new legislation to extend or renew the
franchises of the Commercial Navigation Com-
pany ; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
,■ reports 01? committees.
■ Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
joint select Committee on Retrenchment, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1666)
to repeal "An act regulating the tenure of
certain civil offices," to report it back with an
amendment,
Mr. SUMNER. 1 should like to know the
nature of that amendment Will the Senator
be good enough.to state it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will state it, if the
Senate desire it, although it occupies time to
do so.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to know the
substance of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The substance of it is,
that it leaves the heads of Departments, those
gentlemen who are commonly called the Cabi-
net, subject to removal by the President during
a recess of the Senate at his own will and
pleasure. All other officers may be suspended
by th.3 President daring a recess of the Senate,
in his discretion, without requiring him to have
specific evidence, as it is thought the old law
did require, although I do not think that is the
proper construction of it. That is the whole
substance of the reported amendment.
I am also instructed by the same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 774) to
amend an act entitled "An act regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices," passed March
2, 1867, to report it back, and to move that it
be indefinitely postponed, because the subject
is covered by the amendment which we have
reported to the other bill.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No.^ 811) tQ provide for the reduction of the
military forces, and for other purposes, reported
it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bHl (H. R. No. 1487) to
declare and fix the status of the'corps of judge
advocates of the Army, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of Brevet Brigadier General Orlando Brown,
late captain and assistant quartermaster Uni-
ted States volunteers, praying to be relieved
from all liability for property expended under
General Orders No. 40 issued by General But-
ler for the issue of public property, reported a
bill (S. No. 880) for the relief of Orlando
Brown; which was read'and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. FES8ENDEN, from the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, to whom was
referred the -bill (S. No. 752) to incorporate
the Washington Market Company, reported it
with amendments.
Be also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the letter of the Secretary of the
Interior, recommending an appropriation for
the purchase or rent, of a building for the ac-
commodation of the clerical force in the offices
of the Commissioner Of Pensions and Com-
missioner of Patents, reported a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 204) relating to the Department of
the Interior ; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the consent of the
Senate to take up Senate joint resolution No.
202 for consideration.
Mr. CONNESS. I object, this morning.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. What is
the resolution?
Mr. HOWARD. The resolution is entitled
a resolution more effectually to secure the faith-
ful completion" of the Union Pacific railroad
and its branches, according to law.
Mr. CONNESS. I hopo it will lie over for
to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
cannot be entertained at this time, objection
being made.
senator from georgia.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred the creden-
tials of Joshua Hill as Senator from Georgia,
submitted a report, accompanied by the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That Joshua Hill, claiming to bo Senator-
elect from Georgia, ought not now to be permitted
to take a seat in this body.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the report
be printed, and in the mean time the resolu-
tion, with the credentials, can lie on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to present my
own separate views, as a minority of the com-
mittee, in that case. I do not agree with the
majority report. I submit in writing my rea-
sons for disagreeing with the majority, which I
ask shall take the same course as that given to
the majority report.
ThePRESIDENT pro tempore. Thatcourse
will be taken and that order made if there be
no objection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, it was
my intention also to submit a minority report
upon the credentials of Mr. Hill as Senator
from Georgia, but my health during the past
week lias been such that it was impossible for
me to prepare it. I shall desire to present my
views, however, which do not agree with those
of the majority of the committee, when the
case shall come up for consideration.
Mr. HOWE. 1 move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 647.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is not in order at present.
bells introduced.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 831) relating to the supreme court of the
District of Columbia; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 205) authorizing the diversion
of certain moneys appropriated for and belong-
ing to the Kansas tribe of Indians ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 206) relating to themileagr
of Charles Westmoreland; which was reaiU
twice by its title, and referred to the Comrr/t-
tee on Finance.
wiluam ll'oaruahan.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to call up, merely
for the purpose of reference, House bill No.
65, for the relief of William McGarrahan.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. The Chair
is informed that that bill was postponed indefi-
nitely at the last session.
Mr. MORTON. I understand that, but I do
not understand that that kills the bill. I do
not understand that that prevents its being
taken up at this session.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to advise the
honorable Senator that he cannot take up that
bill and have it referred without a controversy.
Mr. CONNESS. It cannot betaken up any-
how. . It does not belong to the business of the
session.
Mr. MORTON. Well, Mr. President, I hope
that my motion will not be disposed of in that
very summary way, by saying "it cannot be
taken up aftyMow."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I said it could be taken
up and referred; but I supposed from the
honorable Senator's remark that he presumed
there' would be no objection, and that there-
fore it was proper to proceed with its consid-
eration at this time. I only wish to notify the
Senator that if he proposes to take up that bill
and recotamit it to another committee there
will be discussion. That is all.
Mr. MORTON. It is true that this bill was
postponed at the last session, and perhaps it is
proper that there should be some remarks
made about it.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to inquire if it was
postponed indefinitely?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. What, then, I inquire of the
Chair, is the question before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has not had time to consider this question, but
believes that according to the practice of the
Senate an indefinite postponement disposes of
the bill, and it is not before the Senate. The
bill nowreferred to hasgoneback to the House
of Representatives, where it belongs, it being
a House bill, and is not now before the Senate.
That is the opinion of the Chair, but the ques-
tion is rather new.
Mr. MORTON. I call the attention of the
Chair to the'twenty-first joint rule, adopted in
August, 1848, which is as follows :
"After six days from the commencement of a
second or subsequent session of Congress all bills,
resolutions, or reports, which originated in either
House, and at the close of the next preceding session
remained undetermined in either House, shall bo
resumed and acted on in the same manner as if an
adjournment had not taken place."
I suppose that under the operation of that
rule, if it means anything, it would be proper
to take up this bill at this session oa motion.
That is the construction which, I have given to
it, and which others have given to it. If the
Senate has ever come to a different conclusion,
has ever given a practical construction to this
rule otherwise, I do not know it.
Mr. IIOWB. The Senator will allow me
to make a suggestion. I do not know of any
objection to his offering a bill precisely like
that which he wishes to take up, and moving
its reference; but it seems to me that the rule
which he has just read does not apply to this
ease. It seems to me that this bill has been
definitely disposed, of by the Senate and is not
now pending. I do not wish to discuss the
matter. I should not have interfered at all
if I had not once submitted a motion that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of a bill
which is pending. I did not press my motion
in opposition to this case. I supposed that
this was a mere formal matter, and that the
bill would be referred without any discussion.
It seems that cannot be done, and I hope the
Senator will allow me to urge on the motion
which I submitted some time ago.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 think the Senate Com-
mittee ought to have an opportunity to con-
sider this bill. If the disposition of it is to be
regarded as final, it was not under such circum-
stances as enabled an understanding of it by
the Senate, and if the Chair can regard it as
undisposed of finally I think it will promote
the right. That is my impression about it. I
had supposed that a vote indefinitely to post-
pone was a vote to postpone for that session,
and that the business would be in the control
of the body at the next session, provided a
final adjournment of the Congress had not in the
mean time taken place. There is no rule of
the body that has taken this business away from
the Senate ; on the contrary there is a rule of
the body that keeps it before the Senate for the
purpose of consideration at this session, pro-
