1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
this bill will stand by it and let us come to a
test vote upon it. I therefore ask for the yeas
and nays on tliis motion, with a view to test
the seme of the Senate on the question of its
further consideration at this session.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the
consent of the Senate to present some amend-
ments to the bill called up by the Senator from
Ohio, and have them printed. I do not ask
even to ha\e them read, but I desire to present
them that they may be printed before the bill
shall be finally disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They will
be received and the order to print will be made,
if there be no objection.
Mr. GRIMES. To which bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Senate bill
No. 723 and Senate bill No. 703, reported from
the Committee on Pimnic.e.
Mr. POMEROV. I think it will not bo long
before we can get a vote on the railroad bill.
We should have reached it on Saturday, in my
opinion, but for the obituary notice from the
House; and I believe now it will be ail econ-
omy of time to reach a vote upon it to-day. I
hope it will not be postponed. Will the Chair
state the question? 1 do not know precisely
what, it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the unfinished business,
being the Central Branch railroad bill, for the
purpose of taking up the bill mentioned by the
Senator from Ohio, on the subject of the public
debt and the currency.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 30 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalcw, Cat-
tell, Cole, Uonkling, Dims, Di-xon, Eilmunds, I'io-
linarhurscn, Howe, McCreerv, Morgan, Mori ill of
Vermont, Morton, (kborn, Patterson of Tennessee,
Sherman, Spencer, "Wade, nod Williams—21.
NAYb—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Chandler, Con-
ner. Oritcin, Dor.little, Drake, Ferry. Jfessciidcn,
Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Hendricks, Howard. Mc-
Donald, Morrill of Maine, jS'ye, Pomeioy, Pool, L.im-
fey, Kice, TtoberMon, Uns<, Sawyer, Sumner,Thayer.
Trumbull, Van Winkle. Vickors, and Wcch—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Corbctt. Fowler, Uendorson,
Kellogg, Norton,Patterson ol'New Hampshire, Sanls-
hury. Suva gue.,Sie\va it. Tipton, Warner, Whyte, Wit
ley, Wilson, and i'atcs—15.
So the motion was not agreed to.
CKXTUAL BRANCH PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill fS. No. 2jf>) relating to the Central
Branch Union Pacific Railroad Company, the
pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. ConMTT, to insert at the end of the bill
the following proviso:
And provided further. That no more government
bonds shall be issued to said company, but that tho
Government shall guaranty tlie interest on satu com-
pany's bonds fill' thirty years on Hie completion
of each seen on of twenty miles of said road, ami the
interest shall be paid at the Treasury of thoumtcd
Plates; and to secure the payment of such interest
all earnings of eaid road for sorviooi pei lorined lor
the Government, and five per cent, of its gross earn-
ings, shall be paid into tho Treasury of the bniied
[States under such rules and regulations as tho bee-
rotary of tho Intciiorniay prescribe.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I was about
toiemarkin regard to this bill when inter-
rupted Oil Saturday that I believe the parties
interested in this central branch road have
some equity : that they might reasonably sup-
pose at the"lime they undertook this enterprise
that tlioy would have a connection with the
Union Pacific, eastern division, so as to make
the enterprise a success. They would have had
that connection but for the legislation that was
had here, and their enterprise would, have been
a success. It appears that they did not ask
for that legislation, but protested against it. At
the time, however, thatthatbill was under con-
sideration I knew nothing of the protest. It
was not before the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad of the Senate, according to my recol-
lection. I saw nothing of it.
If they had been allowed to make this con-
nection, as was anticipated by the law, the i oaa
would have been a much shorter one than it
will be to go to the one hundredth meridian.
It would not have been more than one hun-
dred and fifty miles in length at the outside.
They have had subsidies for one hundred
miles. Of course the point where they would
unite would be a little indefinite, but I think
one hundred and fifty miles would he the out-
side of the length of this road if it had been
constructed as originally contemplated.
These parties now como here and ask for
relief. 1 believe they should have some relief.
The question then arises, what kind of relief
should they have? It seems to Ine every fair-
minded man would say they should have such
relief as would enable them to baild the road
to a point where they could have a conuectioir
and make the road available. That will be
fair, in my estimation of the transaction. They
having been deprived of that connection with-
out any fault on their part, as I believe to be
the fact, Congress, if it is to not. upon the sub-
ject., should act in the, light of giving them such
relief as will place, them in as good a position,
or something near as good a position, as they
would have been in but for our previous legis-
lation. It is claimed that they ought to be
allowed to have bonds to the lull extent—one
hundred and fifty miles; that that is the only
relief which will be adequate.
I think Congress made a mistake. I do not
know that I ought to say it was a mistake either,
because it was necessary to oiler great induce-
ments to get the Pacific railroad started, but
they have notsuflicieiitly protected the Govern-
ment m providing for these railroads. The law
as it now stands allows the companies to issue
a first mortgage to an amount equal to the bonds j
issued by the Government. The .subsidy hero
is 0,000 a mile. The company may put upon
the line lirst-moitgage bonds for tho same
amount. Prom the leport of the Secretary of
the Interior on tlie Union Pacific railroad, it
appears that that road has issued its first mort-
gage bonds and soldtlieni upon the market, as
well as received the bonds ol the (foverument.
These mortgage bonds are a lirsi lien upon the
property of tho company. It appears iroin the
statement that 1 saw from the Secretary ol the
Interior that there was a much larger amount
realized by the bonds that the Government
issued and the first-mortgage bonds that the ^
mpany issued than was necessary to build j
he road; that from fifteen to twenty millions j
more had been issued than had been appropri- j
ated in the buildiug of the road. In what con-
dition does that leave the Government? These
parties, if they were disposed to do so—I do
not know that the company have done so ; I
hope they have not—might make a dividend on
the surplus, gel rich in building the road, and
then allow the load to be sold under tin: first-
mortgage bonds by the mortgagees, and thus
the Government would be entirely w itbeut rem-
edy. That may be done on the Union Pacific
railroad. It may be done on this load it we
follow the same kind of legislation E.\peu
encc teaches us that that legislation does not
sufficiently protect tin1 Government. ^
The amendment whudi I sent to the Chair-
on Saturday last, which was carefully pre-
pared by the Senator from Oregon, | Mr. \\ n.-
jjams,] provides that lor the amount ol^ bonds
guarantied by the Government tiie Govern-
ment shall have the first lien upon the road.
It also provides that tiie lands which arc do-
nated by the Government shall lie appropri-
ated to the construction of the road, it also
provides for paying off tins debt. It gives the
company sufficient ci edit to build the road : it
gives them their connection, and saves the
Government, and prevents the existence ol a
first mortgage that might be foreclosed, and
thus place the road in the hands of third par-
ties and depiive the Government of any rem-
edy for the bonds issued.
Now, 1 do not believe we ought toindulge
in any more of that class of legislation. It
§10,000 a mile is not enough, make the amount
sufficient to build the road, b&causc^ this cuts
them off from raising money elsewhere; be-
cause the Government takes all the security,
both the land and tho road, and is empowered
to enforce that security in esse the payment is j
not
the Government; at the same time the road is
built and these parties are relieved, and they
have a longer piece of road than they origin-
ally contemplated having; they have a connec-
tion with the Union Pacific; they have a con-
nection without competition from the eastern
division. They will be in a great deal better
position than they otherwise would, because
if the eastern division had made the connec-
tion on tho one hundredth meridian it would
have been a competing road to the Atchison
branch. The Atchison branch will be a much
better road without that competing road seventy-
five miles off than it would otherwise be. If
we guaranty a sufficient sum to enable them
to build the road, and take ample security to
the Government, they will be placed, I say, in
a better position than they would be if they
were to build another fifty miles of this roud
and make the connection with the Union Pa-
cific, eastern division, and have a competing
road. It seems to me that this is fair. A_s to
the exact amount of bonds to be guarantied,
let that be fixed at tiie lowest rate that will
build a road over the plains which can be as-
certained. I cannot vote for issuing any more
bonds direct, and allowing the companies to
make a first mortgage, because in that way the
Government may be deprived of any redress or
any payment hack of the money. I do not
like that kind of legislation. This is all I
have to say about it.
Mr. PESSBNDEN. I wish to say a few
woids with reference to this bill, more by way
of explanation of the reasons why I shall vote
for it than for the purpose or with the expecta-
tion of throwing any new light oil the subject,
because it is perfectly well understood now, I
think.
When the bill was up at the last session my
impressions were very much against it. Those
impressions were strengthened by the very able
attack upon it that was made by the honorable
Senator from New York, [Mr. Coxki.iyu, J to
all of which I listened and with which I was
disposed to concur. Had the vote been taken
at that time, I should unquestionably have
voted against the bill; but at the request of a
gentleman who came here as the agent ol the
pal ties interested, and who was attending to
the bill, I took the papers home with me and
examined the question at my leisure and gave
it as careful consideration as 1 could with such
papers as weie before me, and the result was
that I came to a conclusion that, however
reluctant 1 might be to do so, I could not help
voting for some relief to these parties. I say
1 was reluctant to come to that conclusion,
because i have been opposed to the general
couise of the legislation of Congress with re-
gard to these railroads. I was one of the very
few members of Congress who did not vote for
the original Pacific railroad bill, and of course
1 did not vote for the second bill, which was
passed to explain it and to give still greater
privileges.
The reason of my non-action at that time
was not that 1 was not in favor of a Pacific
railroad, but I believed that it one was built
it should be built by the Government itself and
owned by the Government, and I did not think
that we had sufficient light on the subject to
justify us in supporting the bill that was intro-
duced, which not only provided lor one mam
trunk but for three lines converging to a
point, running through States of the Union
for a very considerable portion of their dis-
tance. I thought that the bill was brought
about, not as a good bill m itself exeepL so
far as the object, was concerned, but, as a bill
that was produced by the junction of different
competing interests, to which the great inter-
est of the Government was sacrificed, and
therefore I did not give it my assent, although
in favor of the main matter. That kind of
legislation, to which I was much opposed,
prejudiced me very much against the whole
system and everything connected with it. I
not voted, to my knowledge, for any of
lldA '. „v. .v ,'.j    ■ - i - ,
nioree tnat security in case uie imj"".. | thesubsequent subsidies that have beenigiauti*
promptly made. In that way you protect, 11 or anything that has been done m relation to
