572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
them, bat have been content toletthe matter
go along without making- what I knew would
be a fruitless opposition, being really and
strongly in favor, of having a railroad to the
Pacific built it' we could get one built upon
some plan. One reason why I have held my-
self aloof from the subsequent bills which
have been proposed is that I saw that the legis-
lation we had then has led to all sorts of
schemes. I have trembled for the Treasury
when I have seen the extent of the schemes
that were brought before Congress for making
other railroads, and seen the powerful inter-
est that has been brought here in order to effect
the- purposes desired. I believe, sir, there is
a better appearance of things now ; that light
is dawning cm the public mind, and that we
may really hope to check some of this very
bad legislation and corrupting legislation, in
my judgment, to a very great extent.
Now, sir, with regard to this particular bill,
how does it stand? I can add nothing to the
very clear exposition that was made by the
honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mor-
tos] the other day. It seems that the three
arms (if I may so call them) at this end of this
railroad were authorized. I do not remember
the names of them ; but I will call them the
northern, central, and southern. They were
all to converge to a point on the one hundredth
meridian, and they were all granted a certain
amount of lands and a certain amount of sub-
sidy. The object, manifestly, as shown by the
original bill authorizing the construction of the
Pacific railroad, was that they should all con-
verge to a certain point, and there the main
trunk line should begin. The bill was so drawn
as to give certain privileges to all of these
lines; but that idea was specifically kept in
view.
Now, with regard to this central branch, what
was the legislation ? It was simply this, if I
understand it—and if I am wrong I shall be
very glad to be corrected; in fact I should be
glad to find some good ground on which I can
vote against this subsidy, as I have been dis-
posed to do against all others—the central
branch was granted a subsidy for one huudred
miles and there to stop; it was to have no
more. But what was granted it in addition ?
The privilege to join either of the other lines.
That privilege was specifically granted to it
just as it pleased, if I recollect aright; it could
connect with which one it liked, and thus be-
come a part of the Pacific railroad proper.
Well, sir, what did it do? It obtained sub-
scriptions. It waited. Why did it wait? It
waited because it wished to ascertain what was
to be the location of those other lines with
either of which it might join. A certain time
was given within which that location should be
made and a map filed ; and that was to determ-
ine the course of these several roads. This
company having no right to a subsidy beyond
the one hundred miles, but having this privi-
lege of junction, as I understood it, waited
until the other location seemed to be com-
pleted. The time of filing the map, the time
of making the location was concluded. The
point was reached. Apparently on the face
of the paper, on the face of the earth, the route
of these railroads was laid down. It then
makes its selection to join what is called, I
believe, the eastern divisionrailroad. It did not
commence its operations, it made no finality
until that thing bad been done ; and that was
all under the legislation of Congress.
Now, sir, what was manifest? It was per-
fectly manifest that this central branch was
of no sort of value, and could be of no sort of
value unless with the privilege of joining one
of the other roads or continuing its construc-
tion, and a provision was inserted in the bill
that if any of these roads should fail to con-
struct its line either of the others might go on
and avail itself of all the privileges and make
the same construction, and thus become a part
of the Pacific railroad. This company having
waited until the final step seemed to be taken
and the map filed and the eastern division had
located (so far as the map went) its ro'ud up
the Republican fork, so called, then the' central
branch began. It obtained subscriptions to the
amount of $1,000,000; it borrowed money
and made its mortages; it took its bonds and
sold them; and it constructed its one hundred
miles of railroad, or got so far that the road
might be considered as constructed, when what
took place? It had gone entirely out of the
direction of the northern line; it had concluded
to join the eastern division, so called, or the
southern line; it made its road accordingly to
join that eastern division; it expended its
ftoney; it went to a point, and thefe it stopped,
'so far as the Government was concerned.
Then, sir, what does Congress do? The
eastern division, notwithstanding that its time
had expired for filing its map, notwithstanding
that it had located its road, came here and
asked Congress for permission to change its
direction. Congress, without considering the
rights of this other company, without consid-
ering the effect thatsnch a change was to have
upon this other company, granted permission
to the eastern division to change its location ;
and not only gave that permission, but gave it
all the lands and all the subsidies that it would
have been entitled to if it had kept it on ac-
cording to its original location. The proper-
way to do, in my judgment, if it did anything
in regard to it at that period, was to say to the
eastern division company, "You can change
your location if you please, but the subsidies
and the land must be given to this other road
to enable it to reach the point of junction."
Congress did no such thing; but it gave the
subsidies and the land to this very eastern di-
vision, and left the central branch, having thus
expended its money and made its bonds and
finished its road, or at least gone so far that
it could not recede, precisely at a point where
the road itself, according to all the information
I can get on the subject aud as I should judge
from its location, must necessarily, if it stops
there, be utterly without any value.
Mr, EDMUNDS. How many miles were
actually built at the time the act of 1866 was
passed ?
Mr. PESSBNDEN. I presume the one hun-
dred miles were not entirely finished, but 'all
large portion of the road was built. Atf
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like for inform-
ation to ask my friend, who has examined the
subject, to tell us if he knows, and if he does
what is the source of his information, just how
many miles of this central branch had been
actually constructed at the time Congress passed
the act of 1866 that permitted the divergence
of the eastern division ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That I am unable to
do, because I am not sufficiently familiar with
the subject. My understanding is that enough
was built to render it impossible for the com-
pany, with any regard to their interests, to
change the direction in which they were going.
Mr. POMBROY. If it is of any importance
I suppose I can answer the question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator can do
so afterward. I am merely explaining why I
shall vote as I proposed to do. Although at
the last session I understood the facts to be
pretty much as I have stated them, I was not
disposed then even to give my vote for the bill,
for the simple reason that here at the time the
act was passed granting leave to change the
location of the eastern division the then pres-
ident of the central branch, as I understood,
was in this body a Senator and not objecting
and not stating to this body what the objec-
tions were on the part of the central branch;
at any rate not stating them so that I under-
stood the objections. If an agent of the com-
pany was present, a person standing in that
relation to it, and was disposed to submit to
this change and not inform this body fully and
thoroughly what the effect of it would be, and
when at the same time the chairman of the
Pacific Railroad Committee informed the Sen-
ate- that it did not affect the rights of the Gov-
ernment or the rights of any other road, as I
recollect, [ was willing to let it go ; but I am
credibly informed, informed on authority and
ori proof which I certainly cannot resist, that
the moment the mass of gentlemen engaged in
this work, who had put their money in it, be-
came informed of the condition of things they
came directly on here to resist it.
Mr. HOWARD. One moment, if the Sen-
ator from Maine will allow me. The Senator
refers to a remark made by me in the discus-
sion of that bill in 1866 when it was before the
Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. It is probable I made some
such remark as that which he refers to, but it
grew out of this circumstance. I desire to set
myself right on the subject. Whoever will read
the sixteenth section of the amendatory act of
1864, and consider it in the light of construc-
tion, will, I think, come to the conclusion that
this central branch company had the right to
proceed onward with i*s work arid to form a
connection with the Omaha- branch; as therein
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator oblige
me by deferring his explanation until I get
through ?
Mr. HOWARD. Just allow me one word
further now. It was the doubt that grew out
of the construction of that section and the un-
certainty of that language that finally induced
the Secretary of the Interior to withhold the
lands and the bonds from this company.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was remarking, sir,
that as soon as the persons who were interested
by having subscribed their money learned that
this matter was in agitation, they came directly
to Washington to arrest the passage of that
bill, but it was too late to arrest it in the Sen-
ate. They presented their remonstrance to
the House of Representatives, and vigorously
pressed it, stating the effect it would have upon
them. That went to the committee—and, as I
am informed, the Pacific Railroad Committee
of the House were opposed to the bill—but by
the power that was exerted by a great man,
then living, over the House, and who seemed
to have different opinions, the bill was taken
out of the hands of the committee and passed
through the House and became a law. Now,
/am not disposed to punish men who were
concerned in this road who honestly put in
their money, and who actually resisted that
bill in good faith when they ascertained what
the facts were, because they did not ascertain
them early. The original wrong was done
herein this Chamber, in my judgment. We
should have refused, in the first place, to grant
that privilege of diverging, or if we had granted
it, we should have granted it only on the condi-
tion that the other road, which was thus left out
in the cold, should have the right to the subsi-
dies and the lands w,hieh were originally to be
given to the eastern division provided it reached
the point to which it professed to desire to go.
We did not'dothat. We allowed them to go off
in another direction, asl understand now, and I
understand it definitely from them ; I did not at
the last session. They have no idea of joining
the central line, the great trunk line, but pro-
posetogo off in another direction. They have
already x-eceived the original amount, probably,
of the lands and the subsidies which they would
be entitled to receive if they went to this point.
I do not know exactly how that is ; but what
is the result? The result is that we held out
the inducement to this company, which we
have confined to one hundred miles so far as
our subsidies and lands are concerned, to make
their road in order to become a part of the
great Pacific railroad system, and when they
have dipped, themselves in so heavily and so
deeply that, they cannot recede without very
heavy loss, we then turn round to them and
deprive them of the great privilege by which
alone they could make the whole matter desir-
able to them as an investment.
Under such circumstances I cannot but think
that they have a very strong equitable claim
upon this Government; and I think, more-
over, that notwithstanding Congress gave per-
mission to the eastern division to go off in
another direction, as ft did, had I been at the
