1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
573
head of the Interior Department my decision
would have been that when they chose to do it,
even under ^ congressional permission, they
failed 10 perlorm the very first condition which
would entitle them to any further subsidies
and lands, and that this central bianch com-
pany, it it took up the work and continued it,
would be entitled to these subsidies and lands.
But the decision has been different, and being
different they are left without any redress un-
less we choose to afford them redress.
Now, sir, what that aid, what that redress
should be I have not examined the question
sufficiently to decide. 1 understand that by
continuing their road at their own expense
some twenty or thirty miles further than the
point where they now end they would proba-
bly have struck the eastern division had it
been continued up Lhe Republican fork. Even
then the distance which they would have to go
from that point, (and which perhaps they must
do at their own expense,) in order to reach
the other road on the one hundredth meridian,
the point of departure, if I may so express it,
of the Pacific railroad, would be more than one
hundred and fifty miles, for which it is proposed
here to grant them subsidies. If so, in my
judgment, they are entitled to the aid for one
hundred and fifty miles given by this bill ;
whether this specific aid is sufficient or not I am
unable to say; perhaps §16.000 a mile is too
much ; perhaps aid in another direction mightbe
given them which would be more for the advan-
tage of the Government; but that they should
receive the aid of the Government to enable
them to reach the point for which they origin-
ally started is, in my judgment, a very clear
matter of equitable consideration.
I was struck also by the remark made by the
honorable Senator from Indiana, to the effect
that having built one hundred miles of road,
and the Government having alieady advanced
them $1,000,000, it is for the interest of the
Government to do something not to have that
a dead loss as well as to have all the benefits
of ibe road lost to the country.
This is the simplcexplanation which 1 wished
to make for uij own proposed action on the
subject which, as I stated before, is a course of
action which I adopt very reluctantly, for it is
against all my preferences.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I did not in-
tend to take any part in the debate upon this
bill; and I should not, I think, have taken
any part but for the fact that the bill is now
pressed very persistently by many members of
this body to whose judgment 1 am very much
in the habit of deferring, and to whose judg-
ment I feel under some obligation to defer. I
have no reason in the world for opposing this
bill except that, in my judgment, it is a great
injury and a great wrong to the public interest.
That is a consideration that weighs, or ought
to weigh, equally upon every member of the
Senate; and therefore I fuel called upon, since
1 cannot come to the conclusion that other
Senators do in reference to this mailer, to
state why I cannot do it.
I listened, charmed, as I am very much in
the habit of being when I do listen, to the hon-
orable Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] the
other day, and I have listened this morning to
the honorable Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fes-
sendex.] Being utterly unable to concur with
either of them m the conclusions to which they
come, it seemed to me that I was called upon
to apologize, for whenever i do listen to the
Senator from Nevada I generally feel obliged
either to vote with him or apologize. As I
cannot go with him, I am up here now to send
my '' regrets.''
Mr. President, lam utterly unable to under-
stand, after all that has been said, that the
legislation of 1886. which has been so often re-
ferred to. was in violation of any legal right
then vested in what is now known as the Cen-
tral Branch Pacific Railroad Company. Every
right which thai company had at the time that
act passed it seems to me that company still
has. What were the rights vested in that com-
pany by the original act under which it claims—
for it claims as the assignee of the Hannibal
and St. Joseph Railroad Company of Missouri.
The right to extend a line of railway from the
termination of the Hannibal and St. Joseph
road by the way of Atchison, in Kansas, either
to connect with the line of railway up the Kaw
valley, now known as the eastern division, or
with the line running from Omaha through
Nebraska to the one hundredth meridian, taking
its choice to connect with either, but with the
privilege of a subsidy in lands or money for the
extent of one hundred miles, and one hundred
miles only. Those were the rights vested in
that organization by that legislation. Those
rights they still have. They can still connect
with the Omaha line; they can still connect
with the Kaw valley line as they choose; they
have had the whole subsidy which that act con-
ferred upon them. Of what wrong, then, can
they complain? Why, it is said for them that
they have built one hundred miles and they
have not touched either line.
Mr. President, there is not a line in any one
of the acts which ever intimated that they would
strike either of those roads in one hundred miles.
They could have struck the Kansas line—the
Kaw valley line—in one hundred miles; they
could have struck it in fifty miles. There was,
when the first act was pending before the Sen-
ate, a determined effort on the part of many
Senators to compel them to connect, or in
other words to limit, their subsidy to fifty miles,
with the view of compelling them to connect
with the Kaw valley line at or near Topeka, in
the State of Kansas; and that proposition was
supported by both of the then Senators from
Kansas, and it was supported by a foimer Sen-
ator from the State of New Hampshire who
took a deep interest in the prosecution of that
bill, (Mr. Clark.)
1 say, sir, there was not a syllable in any one
of those acts which undertook to guaranty or
secure in any way to the central branch com-
pany a connection in one hundred miles. They
could run their lino as they pleased, run it in
what direction the}' pleased, take a long line
or a short one, to a junction with either the
Kaw valley line on the south or the Omaha
line on the north; but subjected to this condi-
tion always, that the Government would grant
them subsidies in land or money only to the
extent of one hundred miles. They have had
the whole surface of the country between the
Kaw valley and the Platte valley open to them;
they have chosen their own route, and they have
prosecuted it on a line which would not have
effected a junction with the Kansas branch if
it had gone up the Republican valley, is not
within fifty miles, so the report here shows,
of a junction with that branch of road if that
company (the Kansas company) had pursued
their way up the Republican fork.
IIow, then, is the central branch company
injured in any one of its legal rights by the act
of lBoG '! What did the act of 1HGG do ? Why,
Mr. President, under the original act inaugu-
rating the Pacific railroad enterprise the com-
pany charged with the building of the Kansas
branch could have gone up the Smoky Hi 11 fork.
There was nothing in that act which required
them to go up the Republican fork. They could !
go where they pleased. The termini of (hat i
branch were fixed by that act, and only the I
termini. One end was the mouth of the Kan-
sas river; the oilier was a point on the one
hundredth meridian of longitude anywln-ie ;
between the southern bank of the Republican j
lork and the northern bank, of the Platte river.
And those were the only conditions imposed
upon that company, the Leavenworth, Pawnee,
and Western Railroad Company, in locating j
the line of their road ; they could reach that
meridian of longitude either up the Republican j
foik or up the Smoky Hill fork, or south of |
both; only, if they kept far south, as they \
might, till they struck the one hundredth merid-
iem, then they would have to run north on '
that meiidiati until they struck the initial point i
of the road running from that meridian west !
to the Pacific. All that the act of 1807 did, i
therefore, was to release the Leavenworth, I
'I Pawnee, and Western Railroad Company from
!! the obligation of touching that initial point at
j all. How can the central branch say that they
are injured by that? This company might have
taken a line which would have carried them
two hundred miles distant from the present
j! terminus of the central branch road.
!j The Senator from Maine, speaking upon
|| this point, does not claim that it was the act
j! of 1800 which interfered with the rights of
the central branch company. He does not
claim that the central branch company acted
in the faith of any legislation of ours, but 
Mr. FLSSENDEN. Entirely so.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator will not dispute
with me if he understands what I am about to
say. I will accept his corrections if I do not
state him correctly. I understood him to say
that the central branch company did not,
locate their road in view of any legislation of
ours, but they waited until the Leavenworth
company had located their line; and when
they found that the Leavenworth company had
located their line up the Republican fork then
they took their direction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will ob-
serve, if he will excuse me for interrupting
him, as I wish to be understood, that the act
limited the time within which the location by
the filing of a map should be made. They
waited until the expiration of that period. In
the mean time the eastern division filed its'
map and thus located its direction. Relying
upon that legislation, the time had expired
within which they could do it, and it having
been done within the time the central branch
company then made its location.
Mr. HOWE. But, Mr. President, it was
the act of the company and not the act, of
Congress which misled the central branch com-
pany, if they were misled at, all. Because
the Leavenworth company had mapped out a
line of road up the Republican fork, there-
fore the central branch inferred that they were
going to build upon that line. That was a very
natural inference; but there was nothing in
the act of location which debarred the Leav-
enworth company from changing its mind, and
nothing in any act of Congress which debarred
that company from appealing to Congtess for
the right to change its line.
The question of law presented here, Mr.
President, is simply this: because the central
branch company was authorized by act of
Congress to connect with the Ivaw valley fine,
was the Kaw valley line bound to locale its
line with reference to the convenience of the
central branch company? That is the whole
question of law. Was this an easement in the
rights of the Kaw valley line granted to the
central branch eompauy, or did both compa-
nies stand like all other companies, simply
upon the rights vested in them respectively by
the different acts of Congress, coupled with the
right in each one of them to come to the na-
tional Legislature lor such additional aid or
privileges as either might require 'I I cannot see
anything in any of these acts which gave the
central branch company any control ovei the
lvaw valley line in the execution of its chartered
privileges.
Mr. President, perhaps the central branch
company, when it had prosecuted its enter-
prise up to ltfOG, was interested in having the
Kaw v.illey road constructed up the Repub-
lican fork. I say perhaps it was interested in
having that done. How can we say so ? IIow
can Congress say so? When the central branch
company obtained from us its chartered rights
it had not determined whether it wanted to con-
nect with the southern line or with the north-
ern line, with the branch from Omaha or the
branch fioin Kansas City; it therefore took the
right to connect with either. The Senator from
Maine says that it commenced the execution
of its enterprise by aiming to a junction with
the Kaw valley line. Very well. 1 think that
was wise, perhaps; at all events we have no
occasion to question the wisdom of that choice.
It chose to aim toward tile Kaw valley line.
But Senators may say they did so in the belief
