1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
575
not be built than that it should be built? If it
does no business, then it will be of no use to
those "who build it. If it does any business,
whatever it does is a wrong, or if not a wrong
it is an injury to the existing roads, in which
we have iho heaviest interest.
Mr. President, there is another fact which
ought to be kept in mind by the Senate. This
central branch road is now within about thirty
miles of a junction with the eastern division.
They decline that now, and they want to make
a connection with the Omaha branch, andthey
want us to give them a subsidy for one hundred
and filij' miles to connect with that branch,
when, by the construction of about thirty miles,
they can connect w,ith the eastern division. I
think it would bo vastly better for the United
States, and I do not know how we can come to
the conclusion that it would not be just as well
for the central branch company to connect now
with the eastern division as to conncct with
the Omaha branch, unless there is money to be
made in the construction of the road, mile by
mile. If we are disposed to grant to this com-
pany $1(3,000 a mile of Government bonds, with
the right to sell their own bonds, sustained by
a prior mortgage to the same amount, T am
inclined to think there is money to bemade by
the building of the road if the road should never
be of any value in the world. It cannot cost
any $32,000 a mile, for I understand that they
are now in the valley of the Blue river—it is
so located on the map ; they are in the valley
ot the Blue river, which comes right down from
the neighborhood of Fort Kearny. That is a
plain ; and how slight the difficulties of con-
struction are will lie made manifest by some
iiguies which I take from a survey of the Omaha
branch or Hue of road. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to them.
Forthe lirstthree hundred miles from Omaha
west the railroad only rises in the net eighteen
hundred and eighty feet. The whole number
ol feet of ascent in three hundred miles is
twenty-three hundred and thirty-two, and the
whole descent is four hundred and fifty-two,
making a net ascent of eighteen hundred and
eighty feet—a little, over six feet to the mile,
and almost a regular grade from one point to
the other. Well, Mr. President, this road, if
they go on with it. from the valley ot the Blue
river, where it, now is, and follow that up, will
strike this very highest point, being twenty-
seven hundred and ninety feet above the
.surface of the water in the Missouri river at
Omaha. The labor of grading there is almost
nothing; the cost of the road is the iron and
the ties. It is because of these considerations
that I said just now I was utterly unable to
believe that the cential branch company had
invested $1,000,000 of their tuuds m the con-
struction of these one hundred miles of road in
addition to the $>lU,OOOa mile of the company's
bonds and the $16,000 a mile of Government
subsidy.
1 have to say then, Mr. President, first, that
no legal right of this company lias been infringed
by any act of Congress; second, that if it has
been done, it has been done with the knowl-
edge and the tacit consentof the central branch
company, and they are estopped from making
any complaint; third, that if they are to be,
heard in complaint, and if damages are to be
awaided them, we who committed the wrong
ought to pay the money : and, fourth, that it
we will not pay it but will vote it out of the
Tieasnry, then we ought not to vote any such
sum of money as is asked here, but that it
wouid be infinitely better for the fiovernment
to pay t tie money they say they have spent and
take the franchise off their hands, take the road
ourselves, and make the best disposition of it
we can. it is better for us to pay that SI,000,000
which they say they have already put into it,
and own that hundred miles of road, than to
p,iv for building one hundred and iifiv miles
more, paying out of the Treasury §2.000,(190
ol mot.ey just to build a new nval to compete
with roads we already have so large an inter-
est, in.
Mr. President, though I acknowledge my
obligation to apologize when I differ from
other Senators about me, I am not so sure
after all that I should have stated even my
apology if I were not reminded of the fact that
I stand herein the Senate of the United States
surrounded by the very same illustrious Sen-
ators who stood here recently for three weeks
protesting in the name of the national poverty
that they could not pay 37,000 out of the
Treasury to a girl, an orphan, who was admit-
ted during the debate to be loyal, for her
homestead which the Government had taken
and used, upon the pretext that her next door
neighbors were rebels. When we feel called
upon by the national necessities to insist upon
so stern a rule of law as the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts and other Senators about me in-
structed us in then, I feel called upon to look
very carefully into the claims of a corporation
which comes here and asks an appropriation
of §2,000,000, not to benefit the United States,
but every dollar of which is to be taken out,
subtracted from property interests already
owned by the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, this bill
involves $2,400,000 ; but that is no answer to
it if equity requires it. It involves nineteen
hundred thousand acres of land ; but that is no
answer to it if equity requires it at our hands.
The nation is suffering under a great debt, and
every discerning person sees the over-master-
ing urgency of frugality and scrutiny of all
claims upon the Treasury ; but that is 110 an-
swer if equity requies it,. But, Mr. President,
equity is absolute truth, complete justice ; and
the amount of laud and of money involved in
this bill makes it proper for every one to con-
sider with some care whether the considera-
tions belonging to it do establish that equity
whereof we have heaul so much.
Since it was considered before I, too, have
re-viewed carefully and dispassionately as 1
was able the facts which then were before the
Senate', and I have endeavored to comprehend
the grounds upon which we were to proceed
if in truth the bill should be passed. As I
understand the argument in favor of the bill,
it proceeds upon four allegations :
1. That the corporal ion for which the sub-
sidy is proposed acquired by act of Congress
the right to build a railroad where one has
been built, and by so building to reach and
enjoy a connection with the main trunk rail-
road to the Pacific ocean.
2. That this connection was to be by unit-
ing, in the valley of t.he Republican fork of the
Kaw river, with the eastern division Pacific
railway; that the law required the eastern
division to go through the Republican valley
to the main line; and that, relying upon the
law, and expecting it to be observed, the claim-
ants invested large sums of money and built
their road where it is, and where, it would have
iuteisected the eastern division had its original
loute been adhered to. That was the grava-
men, of the argument of the honorable Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Moutox.]
o. That after the rights of the claimants be-
came thus vested the eastern division was
caused or permitted by Congress to abandon
its route and to change its course before reach-
ing the point at which a union would have
occurred with the claimants' load.
4. That the grants of money provided m the
perulingliiil are necessary to put the claimants
in statu quo.
I think. Mr. President, that the most ardent
advocate of the bill will admit that I have stated
fully and fairly the gioundsupon which it pro-
ceeds. Upon such a case all fair minds ought
to meet in the same conclusion. But all of
these propositions are necessary to round out
this equity ; indeed, to found it at all. If any
one of them is untrue it is an answer to the
pending proposition. Sir, I believe every one
of them to be false, not in some particular or
particulars only, but in the entire scope which
gives value to any proposition which is the
foundation of this argument. Jj
Now, let me examine them, as briefly as I |!
may, in order. First, I ask, had the claimants ii
a right to build their road where they have
built it, and by so building to find a connec-
tion at their western terminus? Did Congress
over stipulate for this? These claimants are
the successors of the Atchison and Pike's Peak
Railroad Company. That company was the
assignee of the Hannibal and St. Joseph Rail-
road Company of a right the precise nature of
which the statute states. What was it?
" That the Hannibal and Rt. Joseph Kail road Com-
pany of Missouri may extend its road Irom oseph
via Ateh^on
I ask the attention of the honorable Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Moutox] to that fact, and
I want to show him in legislative history the
part which it plays in this case, and which it
deserves to play in the conclusion to which he
comes—
"via Atchison, to connect and unite with the road
through Kansas, upon tiling its assent to the provis-
ions of this act, upon tho same terms and conditions
in all respects, for one hundred mifos in length next
to tho Missouri river," 4 1 " * "and
may for this purpose use any railroad charter wbich
luis been or may be granted by the Legislature f>l"
Kansas."
In order that all Senators should see the
great public benefit of this proposed comple-
tion in the aspect in which the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. UowioJ commented upon it,
they ought to read the assignment which I
have here from the Hannibal and St. .Joseph
road to the Atchison and Pike's Peak road, and
then they would learn that tho assignment was
made upon the fundamental condition that this
central branch was to be built, operated, and
preserved for the exclusive hunt lit and con-
nection of the Hannibal and St. Joseph Hail
road Company, never to be used in connection
with competing roads, but exclusively for them;
and they would learn also that this Atchison
and Pike's Peak Company entered into a cov-
enant, in which, in the language of it, they
submitted to and obeyed—that is the expres-
sion—and agreed t,o do all these requisitions
if the Hannibal and Sf. Joseph Railroad Com-
pany would give them the assignment and
pardon the delay wbich had occurred in their
own case, not, as I understand, lyr the reasons
assorted by the honorable Senator from Maine.
Let me not, however, be diverted from the
point to which I want, to call the attention of
the Senate just here. The statute said th.;y
might extend their road via Atchison from
St. Joseph. Was that west? Was that north-
west toward Denver? No, sir; it was south-
west. How far might they extend it? One
hundred miles from where? From Atchison?
No, sir ; from Saint Joseph, not one hundred
ami twenty-one miles from Saint .Joseph, but
ono hundred miles from there via AlehUou.
They might select for themselves any charter
existing under the laws of Kansas with which
to do iu What charter did they select? The,
Atchison and Pike's Peak charter. Between
what termini was that to operate? St. J oseph
and Denver? Atchison and Ueuvei ? No,
sir : but Atchison and Pike's Peak.
The honorable Senator from Kansas, [Mr.
PomcuoY,] at the last session, corrected my
geography in reference to Pike's Peak. He
thought I supposed it lobe much lurther south
than in truth it is. and lie left upon my mmd
the impression that one who began at Alelnsori
and journeyed westward, even as far to the
rorth as this road points, would some time ur
other encounter Pike's Peak. Since that, time,
Mr. President, I have seen Pike's Peak—a
vision not to be forgotten—and as I saw it in
its picturesque vastness, with its cap hidden
in the clouds, I could not help wishing that it
might be seen of that multitude of Americans
who turn their backs upon their own country,
which they never traverse in its unending
stretch and grandeur, and bend their steps lo
the Alps, the Rhine, and the Pyrenees. But
there it stands, plain to be seen, more than
ninety miles i:> a, straight line south of Denver.
Did any human being, geographer or railway
discoverer, ever suppose that under a charter
to operate from Atchison to Pike's Peak a
railway was to be laid on the ground pointing
toward Denver and reaching, first, Irving, and
