578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
What harm came to these claimants from it?
Ab I have shown, in the meantime they had
done nothing which they wonjd not have done
had they intended to end their road at Man-
hattan, or even at Topeka; and yet we are
gravely usked now to find it not only as a gen-
eral proposition, argued as such questions usu-
ally are, that it is wise and right to grant this
subsidy, but that such a wrong was done by
Congress, that such injustice befell these par-
. ties because^we released the eastern division
from the rigorous operation of the statute of
limitations, that by existing law, as it is some-
times said, according to some refined and per-
fected equity, as I have heard it repeated, we
are bound to make the enormous provision
proposed by this bill. Why, sir, since I trav-
ersed this ground, as I have done during the
interval between the last discussion and now,
when I have heard this plea, urged many times
in private and put forward in papers as a part
of the unexampled diligence in the lobby by
which this claim has been pressed, I have felt
inclined to exclaim, as another man did on a
different occasion, "Oh, that in England there
might be a tax upon hypocrisy!"
Now, Mr. President, the bill and the argu-
ment propose that subsidies shall begin, not
where the eastern division would have been
found had it gone through the Republican
valley, but at the western terminus of the
central branch. This implies that there is no
intervening space there. This implies that a
hundred miles from St. Joseph, Missouri,
would have carried the claimants in the direc-
tion they took to a connection in the .Repub-
lican valley. When I pointed out that a long
interval existed here over which no past act of
Congress and no past understanding could be
stretched by any perversion or imagination, I
was told by the honorable Senator from Kan-
sas [Mr. Pomeroy] that the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad had fallen into a mistake when
they said that there was an interval of fifty
miles. Said the honorable Senator from Kan-
sas, "I am as much amazed at the Senator
from New York as if he were to say it is fifty
miles from Albany to Troy ; 1 have driven over
it repeatedly, and it is not fifteen miles and
so the debates, which I have here, report the
honorable Senator from Kansas. Sir. here is
a map [exhibiting it] made by Franklin Pan-
ning, the.chief engineer of this central branch
company, sworn to by him in an oath annexed
to it, giving the route of the road, and.giving
the sections ; and if any Senator doubts that
one hundred miles could never have carried
these parties to a connection, if any Senator
doubts that this bill is a douceur, a gratuity
upon their own showing of §640,000, which
they never could have received under preexist-
ing understandings, 1 beg that Senator to look
for one momentat this map, where lie can count
in a moment by the sections the distance.
There starts the road at Atchison, and runs to
Irving, in the valley of the Big Blue, and at
Clifton is the point in the Republican valley at
which they aim, and there are the sections to
count the townships, six miles each, showfng
precisely what, according to their own survey,
this interval is.
Mr. DAVIS. How much is the interval ?
Mr. CONKLING. 1 will count it. It is in
a straight line by townships, six in number ;
and six times six are thirty-six ; so that if they
could run in an air-line, which the Senator will
see the surveyed route does not at all propose
to do, then there would be an interval of the
length which I stated in answer to the honor-
able Senator's question.
Now, Mr. President, has the genius or the
ability of Benjamin II. Curtis enabled him to
devise an argument showing that from the
western terminus of their road they have a
plausible claim for subsidies ? I beg Senators
to look at that argument, and they will find no
such thing; and I think Judge Curtis is m no
danger of stultifying himself by writing even
an argument to that effect. T do not call it
an opinion, because itis no opinion in any pro-
fessional or truthful sense of that word.
But, again, suppose I am mistaken in these
propositions; suppose, in truth, they were au-
thorized to make a connection not within the
one hundred miles, but wherever they pleased;
suppose the eastern division was bound to go
there, and Congress is to blame because it did
not go there, then a very important question
remains. Suppose the claimants were right in
going northwest to Irving, as they have done ;
suppose they were entitled to a connection
there and have lost it by the act or privity of
Congress, are such subsidies as these neces-
sary or appropriate to make them whole?
Since this bill was under discussion before—
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Howe] I think forgot it—an acthas been passed
by the Senate extending and fixing the route of
the eastern division, so that it extends now, ac-
cording to that bill, to Cheyenne Wells. Prom
Cheyenne Wells it is to go to Denver, and from
the city of Cheyenne, which is on the Union
Pacific road, a railroad is to be built to Denver,
making a connection; so that under the legis-
lation—completed as far as this body is con-
cerned—there is to be a continuous rail, I say
to the honorable Senator from Indiana, not
only from Manhattan to the main trunk Pacific
railroad, bat, from Atchison, from St. Joseph,
from Hannibal, from Indianapolis, from Har-
risburg, from New York.
Mr. YATES. I ask the Senator if ho will
yield for a motion to go into executive session ?
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish, certainly,
when I am on the floor, to interpose what might
seem to be some wish of mine against any wish
of other Senators. If the Senator wishes to
test the sense of the Senate on that motion I
will yield for it, of course.
Mr. YATES. If the Senator will yield I
move that the Senate go into executive session.
["No!" "No!"]
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—aves 18, noes 24.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President  
* Mr. CONKLING. I beg my honorable friend
not to divert me any further. I would do almost
anything for him ; but I want to bring my re-
marks to a conclusion very soon, which 1 Will
do if he will allow me to go on.
Mr. CAMERON. I will not do " almost
anything," but I will do anything for my friend
from New York. Of course, I shall not interfere
with his wishes.
Mr. CONKLING. I see the disposition of
the honorable Senator to oblige me, and there-
fore I will go on.
Atthispoint, Mr. President, I should neglect
the purpose I have in view if I did not make
clear to the understanding of Senators who do
me the honor to listen to my remarks that
upon undisputed facts the eastern division
sought the Smoky Hill route in preference to
the Republican valley, because it was not only
more practicable, not only abounding in fuel
to a greater extent and in timber for construc-
tion, but especially and primarily because it
gave a connection with Denver and the Union
Pacific railroad one hundred and thirty-four
miles nearer than the route up the Republican
valley. I should fail equally if I omitted to
press the point that the eastern division, as it
is now located and extended by the act of the
Senate, passes precisely where it, was designed
to pass originally, at every point east of the
furthest west of all the points at which a union
could have been made by the claimants within
one hundred miles ; and that it furnishes not
only a connection for the claimants with the
main trunk road, but the very connection the
loss of which they mourn. It furnishes a con-
nection with the eastern division railway, short-
ened by one hundred and thirty-four miles and
improved in its location.
This, as we all remember, was one of the
arguments and the chief argument upon which,
near the close of the last session, the bill to
which I refer succeeded in the Senate. It was
stated by the honorable Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Shermak,] a member of the Pacific Rail-
way Committee, when the bill was taken up,
that his support of it in committee and his
view of it in the Senate was that it would fur-
nish to the claimants here their long-lost, con-
nection and dispense with the urgency and the
materiality of this measure. It did so, why?
Because, carrying the road by the aid of the
Government to Cheyenne Wells, it carried it
so far that those who have traversed that coun-
try well know that a road coming, as it will,
from the city of Cheyenne to Denver will go
along the Cherry Creek valley and meet this
road at Cheyenne Wells, and only a short line
will be necessary to do it. Therefore, I say
that bill accomplished that purpose, and gave
to these claimants the connection which they
insist they lost.
Their western terminus now is Irving. If
Senators will take the trouble to consult the
map they will see that a valley runs from Irving
to Manhattan. I understood it to be stated in
this Chamber at the last session—I have not
looked at the report of debates, and therefore I
will not make the allegation—but I understood
it to be stated that it was over sixty miles from
the existing western terminus of the eastern
division to Manhattan or Junction City. I
could not then deny, I felt hardly at liberty
to doubt, that statement. Now, having passed
over the ground, I am able to doubt it, and
prudently to say to the Senate that thirty-five
miles of railroad from the western existing
terminus will give the claimants a connection,
at Junction City, at Fort Riley, at Manhattan,
as they please, less than thirty-five miles at,
Manhattan and thirty-five miles at Junction
City.
Can any Senator see a reason, even taking
the whole argument made in favor of the bill,
why we should supply them a connection, by
giving one hundred and fifty miles of subsidies,
when thirty-five miles of construction will give
them the same connection which they sought
originally, and by a route looking to their ulti-
mate destination, shortened one hundred and
thirty-four miles?
But, again, Mr. President, not only are bonds
and lands for one hundred and fifty miles pro-
posed, fifty miles of which no existing law and
no past understanding can be stretched to cover,
but the same rate of subsidies is insisted upon
which was thought proper on the 2d of July,
1864. Have Senators thought'of the rate of
these subsidies, and the propriety of that rate ?
On the 2d of July, 1864, when this rate was
fixed, gold was $2 30 and foreign rails cost
$1 27a ton, currency. Now, when wepropose
to fix them, gold is less than one dollar and
forty cents and rails cost, I should think, about
eighty dollars a ton. That is not far from the
mark ; if it is not exactly the mark some Sen-
ator will correct me. Look at labor, freights,
materials, every element ot' value and every
increment of cost. At the time when this
tariff was established the expense of railroad
construction was perhaps not double but nearly
double its present coit; and yet, in spite of
all the facts, as I insist, we are to find that the
claimants have been damnified, and then by
way of putting them in statu quo, we are not to
furnish them thirty-five miles of construction,
which is the whole necessity to restore the old
and lost connection, but we are to furnish them
one hundred and fifty miles—and at what prices ?
At twice the cost measured by the gold mar-
ket, the iron market, the material and the
freight market, which, in truth, the present jus-
tifies.
Mr. President,, there are a good many other
considerations about this measure with which
I do not mean to detain the Senate. There
are one or two to which I venture to call atten-
tion before taking my seat. The lands which
are sought here do not belong to the United
States at all. I bad information of that sort
when the former debate took place, but I had
not knowledge, and it was disposed of upon
the statement made by an honorable Senator
of bis recollection or information. Now, I
aSit-m that these lands proposed to be given do
not belong to the Government at all, and hence,
I suppose,is the retroactive and peculiar phrase-
ology of the bill, not proceeding straight to
