1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
579
the point of saying that lands are granted, but
constructively acting back and speaking be-
hind some past legislation in point of time.
Sir, these lands have gone by act of Congress
to the St. Joseph and Denver Railroad Com-
pany. The honorable Senator from Michigan
thought befoiethat the acts were contempora-
neous—the act chartering the St. Joseph and
Denver Railroad Company and the act extend-
ing the time to file the map which 1yd to the
adoption of the Smoky Hill route.
That will be found to be an error; and upon
his recollection the honorable Senator founded
the suggestion that the lands could not have
gone to the company of which I speak, because'
the acts being contemporaneous would not
lead to that conclusion. The act under which
the Smoky Hill route was adopted, and which
transferred to other lands the right of the east-
ern division, was passed on the 3d of July,
18G0. The St. Joseph and Denver Railroad
Company act was passed on the 23d of July,
1806, and it carried these very lands. Now,
that I need not speak in the air on that subject,
I ask the attention of the Senate to the notes
accompanying "lveeler's map of the United
States territory," where it will be found that
the St. Joseph and Denver Railroad Company
received a land grant by the act of the 23d of
July, 1SOO, for a road running from St. Joseph
city to Denver city, and running, I will say
to Senators, a laige part of the way within ten
miles of this central branch, and in some in-
stances within five miles. To that company
lias been setoff and assigned land to the amount
of one million seven hundred thousand acres
in alternate sections along its route, the very
lands which it is proposed now to subject by
retroactive legislation to the claimants here.
Mr. President, what is to be said of the
equity of the St. Joseph and Denver Railway
Company, a corporation which received no
money subsidies—simply a grant of lands—a
company which is proceeding to built] its road
fro tn St. Joseph to Denver? What is to be said to
them, to their equities, when.bv legislation re-
lating back and ousting them of vested rights,
we have deptived them of the laud-; to which
thev are entitled by our own legislation, and
which huvt; been set off to them by depart-
mental action? 1 was told at the last session
that th°se lauds were in a rainless region, com-
paratively very valueless. Oh. no, Mr. Pie^i-
dent, not that. I have passed over them on
horhebaek and looked at them carefully since
we talked of it before. There is very little
land there which will not bear not only buffalo
grass but gramma grass—the gramma gra^s of
Mexico, almost as nutritions as oats. There
are verv f,jw planes where the seed of a sun-,
flower dropped—and that is a pretty good test,
of the soil—will not spring up into vigorous and
luxuriant growth. There is a very narrow belt
which will not in the progress oftimeserve. and
well serve, for grazing, if not for a^riyull ore.
These lands then are of value, and they have
inured byaetof Congress to the St. Joseph and
Denver Railroad Company : and now, although
the subsidy has once been given in equiva-
lent quantity to the eastern division, it is pro-
posed to give it over again to the claimants and
thus leave ourselves naked, absolutely naked
of all defense against these other claimants,
when they come here saying, We received no
subsidy in money; we received pimply these
grants of laud; we have possessed them ; we
have embarked our money; we have entered
upon our project of improvement, and with no
fault, no laches, no blame in us, we have been
ruthlessly robbed by Congress after diligently
prosecuting the work they set before us."
It was said, Mr. President, that this com-
pany existed onlyon paper—was a thing with-
out a local habitation if it had a name. 1 have
taken some pains to learn how that is. and I
have in my hand a statement furnished me by
the Representative of the district in which this
road starts; and 1 be<f to read, as it is very
brief, the questions and answers :
"1. When aid the St. Joseph and Denver Railroad
Company begin to build its road?"
The answer is—
' Prior to 1860; work was stopped on account of
too rebellion.
"Troy, in Kansas, is about, twclvo fmm St
Joseph—the distance is not less than twelve miles:
it mny be greater.
"The road is graded fifteen miles, as X was in-
formed some two woeks since''—
This letter was written some eight months
ago, I should say—
" by Judge Woodson, tho imna^ing director of the
St. Joseph and Denver City R uiroad Company; the
t*ack is bein<? laid and will bo laid, to Troy by the
1st Apul, proximo."
That was last April.
"Tho available assets of tho comply, as shown
bv fho ollh'iai statements of its officers?, cxcocd
$1,000,0,0. As soon as it is built to anoint where its
land grant can be mado available it will bo able to
command a in plo means for its farther construction.
"Ithrts encountered many difficulties po far, be-
cause it, has to boprosecutedas an enterprise in com-
petition with the central branch Pacific road, which
has received subsidies from the Government suffi-
cient for its construction. X cannot say how far it
will bo built this season. It is tho purposo ol tho
company Co build it without unnecessary delay. Tho
business of tho country demands the spooily con-
struction of this road, and it will be built.
"The route of tho road runs from St. Joseph, Mis-
souri, via Marys villo, in Kansas, to Denver City, Col-
orado.
"It claims and is on titled to alltho public lands {ten
sections per nolo) within :i distauco of twenty miles
on ouch side of the road which aro not included in
tho grant to the Central Branch Pacific railroad."
For the iirst, ono hundred miles they are in-
eluded ; hut beyond that, according to this
statement, they are claimed by this company:
"The Central Branch Pacific railroad, having the
prior grant, absorb-* all the land for the length of that
road—one hundred miles; t' c St.. Jofcplf and Den-
ver City road lakes tho remainder to the ouo hun-
dredth decree of longitude."
That is not signed by Mr. Loan ; the signa-
ture is accidentally omitted. I have a note
which he Rent immediately afterward, saying
that it hod just occurred to him that he had
forgotten to sign it, and now affixes his signa-
ture to it.
Thus, Mr. President, you nee not only that
those lands have reverted to another party,
hut that, pursuing by private enterprise without
Government subsidy its work, a road is being
constructed parallel with the central branch,
running at times within a very short distance
ol* it, which will futuish it a second connection
onward to Denver and the main bianeh Paeilic
road.
There is, Mr. President, one other subject.
I will endeavor to confine myself to that, al-
though this debate is, if not tempting, piovo-
cative of continuance. When it is gtavejy i
charged thnt. those who object to this hill are '
Coming very near advocating repudiation one
mutually feels like justifying the faith that is
in him, and par! ieularly if he believes as I be-
lieve, shat in nil that cloud of railroad bills
winch would darken legislation if they could
fanly get loo^e upon it, there us not one less
meritorious than thin,, it is rat her difficult, to ab-
stain from assigning, perhaps at undue h-ngth,
the reasons which occur. We have been told
(hat thN was a hardship and bad investment.
1 wish, Mr. President, that 1 could step into
the shoes of these unfortunates ; I wish 1 could
receive a true account of the sums that, have
been realized and an assignment of the fran-
chises and ownership of this road. Such an as-
signment would bring to me anions other things
'•the celebrated luckapoo lands''—-1 speak
now in fchelanguage of an advertisement which
I am going to read—would bring to me a body
of land which alone (rejecting all grants) added
to the $10,000 a mile of Government subsidies
renders this investment a harvest to those who
enjoy it. I have the Atchison Daily Press of
Monday evening, June 1, 18GG. Tt is broadly
occupied—the present occupant of the chair
[Mr. Axtiioxy] would understand how to
deseiibe it with an utter contempt of the
columns which ordmaiily divide matters in
newspapers—with this advertisement:
41 Lnivl. Lar>'J —The Central Branch Union Pacific
Tia.iroad Comnany now oifcr for sale their land
wiihui a d.-rnct turfy by on*' bundled iriilc^ in ex-
tent, conL:jinm? ia the aggro# ite One million two
hundred and eighty thousand acrcs, and including
the ceieijr.wed Kiekapoo Indian reservation.
"Land rtn three, four, six, and ten years' credit.
"Laud at one, two, throe, live, and ton dollars per
acre."
There are various other things which I do
not rcadv but here is one item :
" The Kiekapoo lands are not taxable."
In another newspaper, The Weekly Free
Press, published at Atchison, Kansas, on the
second ot May. lb(J8, I find on both sides an
advertisement, illustrated by wood-cuts, I sup-
pose, and well illustrated, looking to the direc-
tion which ihey took in going via Atchison
toward lake's Peak:
44 The Central Branch Union Pacific railroad, di-
verging iroin the city ot Atchison west, has reaehod a
point in i fs cun-Uruot-.ou most encouraging to its inan-
a^ers and to the varied interests which are so visibly
aflei ted by tho operations of this great cntorpriso."
And then follows an enumeration of these
lands, and there appears a map giving the loca-
tion and direction, at which I wish that every
Senator might look; but more especially there
appears on the other side of the sheet a map
giving the location and extent of the Kieka-
poo reservation, and giving some other facts
about this line:
" Along tho line of tho rnilroad, as shown in the
aooomiuuivui;? map, and for a distauco of twenty
miles on either side of tho same, tho railroad com-
pany arc otfoinur ('or so 1 n and settlement all tho
unoccupied odd reotions of laud, amounting to sev-
eral handled thous snd aeio<. at a. prico ranging from
one to ten dallam Per arie, and upon teim* to suit
the purchaser."
And in the same paper I find other matter
staling that—
'"Land ranges fU tho way 1'ioni tho Government
pviec to lour, ton, Uheen, t.wonty, and laity dolims
per aero, aeeoidnij? to tho location and the iuiprovc-
menth.''
These K:ckapoo lands came to the central
branch under a treaty which might properly
be made a part, of this ease, and 1 think those
who understand the value of these lands will
not say that i am far out of the way in stating
that they have been sold for more than eight
dollars an acre, and that more than half a mil-
lion dollars in money has been already realized
from the sale of the Kiekapoo lands.
It oceuts to me that that form of statement
may be open to some criticism. 1 do not mean
that the money has been paid down, but I
mean the lands have been sold and the money
paid or abundantly Fcemed with interest, as
L am informed and believed.
Can anybody credit, in the light of notoii-
ous facts concerning ihe cost ol railroad eon-
Kirneiion, that with such a patiimony as is re-
ferred to in these advertisements a company
has been impoverished by constructing a rail-
way aeioss a ihit country, with a subsidy of
a mile from the Government, and lirst
mortgage bonds of their own for $10,000 more
a mile'/ I am persuaded, Mr. President, that
in fact no haul ship exists in this case, that
tins investment has been not only a good buta
most desirable one. one Icable in the market
upon la-^ot-nus of profit. Therefore, sir, I
eorciude —
First. That the claimants laid their road
where they did at their peiil without, authority
of law, and certainly without any right cither
to expect or claim a connection.
Second. That had thev built it where it was
designed to £0, where Cohun in the map of
Kan->::s lays it down, a junction would have
been found wish in on" hundred miles at TopeKa,
Manhattan, or Fort Riley.
Third. Thai by extending the time to the
eastern division no injury was wrought to the
claimants, because then they had done nothing
committing them to a location which they could
not change.
Fourth. That in every aspect of the case
the relief proposed is excessive, inordinate,
unjustifiable.
Thus, Mr. Pro-ldent, T have assigned (in a
manii'-r prob:: and tedious to the Senate, I
fear) my reasons, which are not as fresh in
my mind as they were some months ago, for
believing this bill an unmerilorious one. it
bus been pressed upon us with great persist-
ence— 1 do not refer to what has occurred
within this Chamber, I beg to say to honor-
