580
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
able Senators. It has been pressed upon us
t>y that lion whieh roars sometimes, as we
beard from an honorable Senator awhile ago ;
it lias been pressed upon us by the roaring
lion of the lobby, with an assiduity, with a
pertinacity, with an enterprise never aqualled
during my brief experience in this body as far
as I know. Every stone has been turned,
every nerve has been strained, every confusion
has been produced, to which effort was added.
And now at last, Mr. President, it seems
to me the facts lead inexorably to the conclu-
sion that this is the naked case of a party seek-
ing subsidies, who not only has no special or
extraordinary right, but who stands already as
the recipient of great Congressional favor. So
regarding it, it falls in my estimation within
that category, within that class of measures
forbidden, not by a ranting and affected econ-
omy, not by a mode of conducting legislation
properly the subject of criticism anywhere, but
forbidden by that conscientious circumspection
which behooves every man now when called to
pass upon a question between the burdened
people of this country and claimants approach-
ing the public Treasury. It seems to me, Mr.
President, if there be anything in the preten-
sions of gentlemen, if there be any deference
to the public judgment, if there be any respect
for the facts in the presence of which we stand,
anything in the situation of the nation groan-
ing under a burden of taxation which every
man is compelled to remember, there is some-
thing which should take effect upon a measure
like this.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I desire
to say but a very few words  
Mr. DIXON. Will the Senator allow me to
offer an amendment to be printed?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
• SUFFRAGE CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
\ Mr. DIXON. I gave notice on Saturday of
an amendment to the resolution proposing an
amendment to the Constitution affecting suf-
frage in the several States. I now ask that the
amendment be priuted. It is in line four, to
strike out the words "Legislatures in the sev-
eral States" and insert "conventions in the
several States to be elected in the manner
prescribed by the laws of said States," and in
line six to strike out the word "Legislatures"
and insert" conventions.'' I submit this amend-
ment for the purpose of having it printed with
the other amendments.
The amendment was received, and ordered
to be printed.
WESTERN MILITARY CLAIMS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If tiie Senator from
"Wisconsin will give way for a moment, J desire
to call attention to a joint resolution 011 whieh
the House of Representatives has asked for a
committee of conference.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will yield if the pend-
ing measure is not displaced.
On motion by Mr. TRUMBULL, the Sen-
ate proceeded to consider its amendment to
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 404) providing
for the disposition of certain papers relating
to the military claims accruing in the depart"
ment of the West, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives.
On motion by Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Resolvd, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ment to the said resolution disagreed to by the IIouso
of Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of tho two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President  
Mr. FliELINGHUYSEN. With the per-
mission of the Senator, I will move an adjourn-
ment.
Mi. DOOLITTLE. I do not wish to pre-
vent the taking of the sense of the Senate on
that subject if they feel disposed to vote on
that motion. I will yield to allow the sense
of the Senate to be taken on that question.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice that I shall
try to get up the finance bill to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 25, 1869.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by Rev. Chakles E. Lord, of Vermont.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
MOItNING HOUR.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of the States,
and Territories for bills and joint resolutions
to be referred to their appropriate committees
and not to be brought back upon a motion to
reconsider, during which resolutions of State
and territorial Legislatures may be presented,
beginning with the State of Maine.
THE NATIONAL DEBT.
Mr. KELSEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1764) to provide for funding and paying the
national debt, and for taxing interest-bearing
bonds hereafter issued by the United States
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
RELIEF OF PAYMASTERS.
Mr. MORRELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1765) for the relief of paymasters ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Afl'airs.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS.
Mr. THOMAS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1700) to amend the act of February 25, 1867,
entitled "An act to change certain collection
districts in Maryland and Virginia;" which
was read a first and second time, and refeired
to the Committee on Commerce.
PROTECTION OF TIIE REVENUE.
Mr. HEATON introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1707) to repeal the fourteenth section of an act
entitled "An act to protect the revenue, and
for other purposes," approved July 28, 1860 ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
SOUTH CAROLINA ELECTION.
Mr. WIIITTEMORE introduced a joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 415) for a select committee
of seven to investigate irregularities in the
recent election in the State of South Carolina,
especially in the third and fourth congressional
districts of said State ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction.
DISABILITIES OF CITIZENS OF GEORGIA.
Mr. CLIFT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1768) to relieve from legal and political dis-
abilities certain citizens of Georgia ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Reconstruction.
SAVANNAH IUVKR.
Mr. .CLIFT also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1709) asking an appropriation to improve
the navigation of the Savannah river ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
DISABILITIES OF CIIARLES C. CROWE.
Mr. CALLIS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1770) to relieve from all political disabilities
Charles C. Crowe, a citizen of the State of
Alabama ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Re-
construction.
Mr. CALLIS. I ask that the bill be printed.
Mr. BECK. I object to the printing of
bills asking relief from disabilities. There
are a great number of them, and there is no
occasion to print them.
The SPEAKER. It is not usual to print
such bills.
CANAL AROUND BIO MUSSEL SHOALS.
Mr. HAUGHEY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1771) for the construction of a canal around
the Big Mussel shoals in the Tennessee river;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
DISABILITIES OF SAMUEL M. MORROW.
Mr. HAUGHEY also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1772) to relieve Samuel M. Morrow, of
Alabama, from legal and political disabilities :
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
REDUCTION OF OCEAN POSTAGE.
Mr. KELLOGG introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 416) directing the Postmaster
General to open negotiations with the several
European Governments with whom we have
postal treaties for a further reduction of the
rates of international postage; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS IN ALABAMA.
Mr. KELLOGGpresentedjointresolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Alabama,respect-
ing the national aid for internal improvements
in that State ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
ALABAMA LAND GRANT.
Mr. KELLOGG also presented a memorial
and joint resolution of the General Assembly
of the State of Alabama, relative to a grant of
lands for railroad purposes; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. KELLOGG also introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 417) for the removal of legal
and political disabilities from certain citizens
of Alabama; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction.
LAND GRANTS TO ALABAMA.
Mr. BUCKLEY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1773) to revive and renew certain grants of
public lands to the State of Alabama; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
REPRESENTATION OF FREEDMEN.
Mr. PIERCE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1774) making provision for the representation
of two fifths of such persons as heretofore have
been held in slavery ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Reconstruction, and ordered to be printed.
JOHN E. REESIDE.
Mr. GARFIELD introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 418) for the relief of John E.
Reeside and his sub-contractors; which was
read a first and second time, referred, with the
accompanying papers, to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
CAUSES REMOVED FROM STATE COURTS.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 1775) to amend the act of July
18, 1867, for the removal of causes from State
to Federal courts ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary,
JOHN T, KIRK.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 1776) for the relief of John T.
Kirk, of Tennessee: which was read a first
and second time, and referred, with the accom-
panying papers, to the Committee of Claims.
POST ROUTE IN TENNESSEE.
Mr. HAWKINS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1777) to establish a post route in Tennes-
see j which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office aud Post Roads.
AUGUSTINE AND LOUISA HOLTZMAN.
Mr. HUNTER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1778) for the relief of Augustine Holtzmari and
