582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
While wo have -no sympathy with wrong or out-
rage of any Uind, we cannot but express the hop©
that the further shedding of blood shall cease, and
that the leniency whicu becomes a powerful nation
may be extended to the children of the forest, who
have been sti uggling for their right to live upon the
soil of" their ancestors.
**AIeicy to hitn that shows it, is tho rule
Auti righteous limitation oi its act,
By which Heaven moves in pardoning guilty man;
And he that shows none, being ripe m years,
And conscious ot the outrage he commits,
fc*ha!l seek it, and not find it, in his turn,"
We have watched with deep interest and highly
appreciate the evident desire of Congress to remedy
the gross evils and abuses of our Indian system. We
have no doubt that the proposal to plaoe the Indian
affairs in the control of tho War Department has
been dictated by captives of humanity, both to the
interest of the Indians and the honor of the nation.
While, however, we sympathize with our feilow-citi-
zens in their desire to remedy these evils, we feel
anxious that no retrograde co urse shall be adopted in
these respects. The reasons which induced Congress
in former years to rernovo these affairs from the War
Department still exist, if possible, in greater de-
gree. The loathsome disease which has destroyed
thousands, and which now enfeebles and degrades
most of the tribes, must bo traced to licentious in-
tercourse between the soldiers and the Indians. The
demoralization to all pai ties from this cause is be-
yond estimate, and werespectful y*ubmit that every
consideration of principle and honor demand that
the untutored Indian, who now looks to us for tho
arts of civilized life, upon which he must hereafter
mainly depend, should be kept as far as possible
from contact with dissolute and licentious men.
When we reflect upon the boundless evils ot such
eoutaet, aud tue- outrages to which they have been
subjected, wo can appreciate the remark of tho in-
dignant chiefwho said to yourcoinmissioners, "Tho
white people treat us worso than the wolves do."
As professing Christians wo havo tho utmost re-
liance upon tfoepower of God upon tho human heart;
and wo are confident that tho faithful exeiciseofthe
principles and commands of our Lord Jesus Christ
will be found sufficient to solvo the Indian question
without military aid. If wo have heretofore failed
to convert these heathen to tho adoption of those
principles, it is not because thev are deficient in
strength for their object, but because of the corrup-
tion and uufauhlulne?sot men wlio>eoxampleshave
dishonored tho Christian name. "Whatever our
people maychoose to say of tho insincerity or dupli-
city of tho Indian would fail to express tho estimate
entertained by mauy Indians of the white man's
character in this respect.'"*-
Tho ovils which arise from tho exercise of arbi-
trary power by subordinate military men is more
than enough to counteract the good which might bo i
expected from the influenco of ollicers of high char-
acter for principle and honor; and we are forced to
couolu-te thai the experience of military influence
as a wholo in the past is no warrant to expect a more
favorable result in the futuro.
Wc theretoro have ro id with mnch satisfaction the
bill before the Senate, introduced by the Senator
from Kansas, uto cronte a department of Indian
affairs, and to provide for the consolidation, civili-
zation, and government of the Indian tribes." We
believe that in it* general features H is well adopted
to secure tho important rcforms-so loudly callcd for.
Let the effort be uuulo 111 good faith to promote their
education, their industry, their morality. Invito
tho assistance of the philanthropic and Christian
effort which has been fo valuable an aid in the ele-
vation ot the frecdmen, find render it possible for
justice and good example to restore that confidence
wlndi has been lont by injustice aud erueltv.
We are informed that the policy of our neighbors
on our northern frontier has resulted in peace with
tin* Indians for a hundred years. 11 is our belief that
the sooner tho tribal relation is broken up, and tho
Indian population permanently attacited to theland,
. and brought under tho same laws, privileges, and
responsibilities with the ro=st of the community, tho
better it will bo for the whole country. The three
huudied thousand Indians will then become a valu-
able aid in the devel pment of tho national wealth ;
antLthe tax-paying inhabitants of the land will be
spared from contributing the untold millions now
worse than wasted in Indian wars. So long a<* these
lands continue to be held in common they will pre-
sent irresistible temptation to avaricious men, and
schemes for obtaining possesion of them, such as
that which wus last yonr denounced by tho House
committee :is a shameful outrage, will continue to be
devised. Wo cannot refrain from expressing the
hope that the bill above referred to may contain a
provision which will hereafter effectual J v prevent all
men ftom attempting thus to enrich themselves at
the expense of the national honor.
The last occasion upon which the representatives
of our religious socicty appeared unitedly before you
was during the darkest days of our country's bistorv.
Congress then listened with patient inleiest to our
appeals in behalf of tho rights of conscience, and j
granted relief. We now rejoice that the subject of
our appetl is on behalf of humanity, in the interests
of peace, and for tho practical mai itonanco of the
principles of Christianity. Wo desire fhatinle^is-
la Mn* upon tho rights and interestsof th"aboriginal
inhabit jnts o" our highly favored land, you may re-
member that " i lghtcousncss exa'teth a nation, but
run is a ruproa-h to any people." May you be en-
abled, as representatives of a Christian nation, to
legislate reepecmg tho Indi-ms in the fear of the
Almighty, and be guided by Hi<? wisdom. On the one
side is weakness, and on the other is power; there-
* Report of th^Indion peace comiaisaioner:?, p?g© 4.
fore justice and mercy, kindness an,d liberality, com-
mensurate with itsgreatne-s. concern alike the honor
and the interests of the nation.
We desire to strengthen the hands of those who
fearlessly advocate the light, and to leiniud ail that
the eye of Omniscience rests upon us. *
It is our prayer that the-result; of jour action may
redound to your own peace and to the interests and
happiness of all tho inhabitants of tho land.
Signed on behalf of the representatives of the
meetings aforesaid:
JOHN BUTLER,
ENOCH HO AG,
WILLFAM WOOD,
WILLIAM B. COLLINS,
AUGUSTUS TABER.
BENJAMIN TATHAM.
WILLIAM C. TABER,
GEORGE HOWLAND, Jr.,
GILBERT CONGDON,
RICHARD M. JANNEY,
FRANCIS T. KING.
JAMES C. THOMAS.
JAMES CAREY.
Baltimore, Is* Mo. 21,1869.
PROTECTION OF CIVIL RIGHTS.
Mr, McKEE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1796) to amend an act entitled "An act to
protect all persons in the United Stales iu their
civil rights, and to furnish the means of their
vindication," approved April 9, I860, and to
provide for its effectual enforcement; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
SURETIES OV OTIS A. WHITEHEAD.
Mr. ROBERTSON introduced a bill (H. R
No. 1797) to relieve the sureties of Otis A.
Whitehead, additional paymaster, from liabil-
ity; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
EUROPEAN MAIL CONTRACT.
Mr. CRTSWOLD introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 1798) to authorize a postal contract for
tho conveyance of the European mails with
Francis Skiddy and others j which was read a
firbt and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
RAILROAD IN IBAIIO.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1799) to aid in the construction of
a railroad and telegraph line from Bois6, in
Idaho Territory, to t he Humboldt river j which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
PAY OF ARKANSAS REPRESENTATIVES.
The SPEAKER. The call of the States for
bills and joint resolutions having been com-
pleted, the next business in order is the calling
of the States and Territories for resolutions,
commencing with the State of Indiana, where
the call rested at the expiration of the morn-
ing hour on Monday last.
Mr. SHANKS. In behalf of the delega-
tion from Arkansas I offer the following reso-
lution, and demand the previous question :
Whereas Reprebentativesfrom the States of Louis-
iana and Tennessee were admitted to seats and paid
for the full Congress within a fewdajsof the close
of tho Thirty-Seventh Congress, while those States
were represented in tho confederate congress, and
while tho Representatives fiom Tennessee wore ad-
mitted to seats and paid in full for the Thirty-Ninth
Congress at nearly the same period in said Congress
that tho Stat© of Arkansas was admitted to repre-
sentation in the present Congress : Thereforo,
Be it resolved, That the members of this House
from tho State oi' Arkansas he paid for tho full term
of tho Fortieth Consn-fi^s; and that tho heirs of James
Hinds be paid tho amount that would be due to him
to the date of his death, and his successor be paid
from that date.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. " I move to
lay it on the table.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I would like to make
an inquiry as to what the precedents are in
reference to members elected after the con-
gressional term commences.
The SPEAKER. The resolution in its lan-
guage states what the gentleman claims are
the precedents.
Mr. UPSON. It does not state all the prece-
dents.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask leave to state the
precedents.
The SPEAKER. There are two undebat-
able motions pending.
Mr. SCOF1ELD The gentleman himself
has cut off debate by calling the previous
question.
Mr. KERR. I desire to say on this subject
that there is no precedent in this country.
Mr. ALLf^OM. I ohjeci to debate.
Mr. MAYNARD. Allow me to make a
suggestion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Regular
order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will then ask a parlia-
mentary question. Would it not be in order
to move to refer the resolution to the Com-
mittee of Elections, or on Reconstruction, so
that some general proposition might be brought
in ?
The SPEAKER. It would not pending the
motion to lay on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. Another parliamentary
question. If the present motion fails and the
previous question is not sustained, will it not
then be iu order to move to refer the resolu-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. It will if some gentleman
does not rise to debate if, when it must go over
under the rule.
Mr. BlCOMVVELL. I would like to ask when
those members were elected ?
Several members objected.
Mr. WASflBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays on laying the resolution on
the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 78, nays 88, not voting
5G j as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Delos II Ashley, Bailey,
B-xkor, Baldwin, Barnes, B.'rnum, Boatty, Benton,
Bingham, Blair, Bromwell, Brooks, Buokland, Burr,
Cake, Caiy.Chanler. Header W. Clarke,Cook, Delano,
Ela, Eldridge, Garfield, Getz, Glos^breuner, Ilalsey,
Hopkins, Uotehkiss, Chester 1) Hubbard, Richard
I).Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Judd. Kelsey, Kerr,
Keteham, Kitchen, Koontz, Lafhn, William Law-
rence, Lincoln, Loan. Loughridge, Marvin, Mc-
Carthy, McCormiek, McCullough. Mereur, Moor-
head, Niblaek, Urth, Paine, Bile, Plants, Poland,
Price, liauin, Boss, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Spalu-
mg, Stevens, Stone, Tiowbridge, Upson, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, Welkor,
William Williams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wil-
son, Stephen F. Wilson, Woodbridgc, and Wood-
ward—78,
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Aicher, Arnell, James
M. Ashley, tiearaan, Beck. Benjamin, Blackburn,
Blaine, Boyden, Buekiey, Benjamin F. Butler, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Calhs, Churchill, Mdncy Clarke,
C11ft, Cobb. Corley, Dawes, Dcweese, Doekery, Don-
nellj\ Eckley, Edwatds Farnsworth, Ferriss. Perry,
Fields, Fieneh. •Goliaday, Goss, Gove, Gravely,
Grover, Hamilton, Hardin?, Haughey, Hawkins,
Ileaton, lligby, Ingersoll, JcncKes, Alexander II.
Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg,
Knott, Lash, Logan, Mailory, Maynard. Miller, Mor-
rcll, Mungen, Newcomb, Newsham, Nicholson, Nor-
ris, O'Neill, Pcrha.ni, Peters, Pierce, Polaley, Prince,
Randall, Robertson, Shanks, Shellabarger, Smith,
Starkweather, Stokes, Stover, TafFe, Thomas, John
Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Twichell, Van Aer-
nara, Burt Van Horn, Robejt T. Van Horn, Vidal,
Henry D. Washburn, WiiiiamB. Washburn, Whitte-
more, Windom, and Young—88.
NOT VOTiiSG — Measrrt. Adams, Aaies, Axtell,
Banks, Boles, Boutwoll, Bowun, Boyer, Broomall,
Cobum, Cornell. Covodo, Cullom, Dickey, Dixon,
Dodge, Dmgs. Ejrgleston, Thorn <s D. Eliot. James
T. Lliiotr, Fox, Uridwold, Haigbt, Hill, Holman,
Hooper, Amabel W. Hubbard, iluiburd. Johnson,
George' V. Lawrence, Lynch, Marshall, McKee,
Moore, Morriasey, Mullins, Myers Nuun, Pettis,
Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Robinson, ltoots,
Selye. Sitgieaves. Stewart, S.vpher, Taber, Taylor,
Tift, Van Wyck. Cad valader C. Washburn, Thomas
Williams, and Wood—&>5.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
The question recurred upon seconding the
previous question.
Mr. WASHBURiSTE, of Illinois. If the pre-
vious question is not seconded, will il be iu
order to move to refer the resolution so that it
may be made to include all these gentlemen
from the reconstructed States?
Mr. SHANKS. I object to a stump speech.
The SPEAKER. Thegehtleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] has intimated his inten-
tion to move to refer the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Why does
the gentleman from Indiana confine his reso-
lution to the Arkansas members ?
