1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SHANKS. The gentleman objects to
those I have in the resolution. There will be
time enough to attend to the others afterward.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. "Will the gentleman
from Indiana allow me to offer an amendment ?
Mr. SHANKS. I cannot yield for that
purpose.
_ The question was put on seconding the pre-
vious question; and there were—ayes 57,
noes 76.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction, and on that motion X move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman withdraw the previous question to
allow me to move to refer the resolution to the
Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. MAYNAKD. No. sir; I am in favor
of the proposition, and I know where it would
go if it was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations ; it would go to the tomb of the
Capulets.
Mr. POLAND. It seems to me that it would
be more appropriate to refer this resolution to
the Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee yield for that motion to ho made?
Mr. MAYNARD. I prefer that it should
go to the Committee on Reconstruction ; ^ they
have had the general subject before them.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Elections
will not be called again this session,
Mr. MAYNARD. The Committee on Recon-
struction can report at any time.
The question was put on seconding the pre-
583
vious question* and there were—ayes
noes f>0.
So I,lie previous question was seconded.
The question recurred upon ordering the
main question to be now put.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Will it be in order
for the gentleman from Indiana to accept an
amendment to the resolution ?
The SPEAKElt. The gentleman cannot
accept it unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope this question will
bo disposed of, and then the gentleman can
bring his matter before the House.
Mr. WASIiliUKNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays on ordering the main
question.
The yeas and nnys were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—)eas 107, nays (w, not
voting 52 : as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Amell, James
M. Ashley. Axlull, Bailey, Be.unan, -Benjamin, Bincj-
hatn, Blackburn, Blaine, .Hoyden, Biomwcil, jJurk-
loy, Benjamin P. Butler,CalUs, Cliuichill, Reader W.
Clarke. Sidney Clarke, CliH, Cobb, Coburn, Uoiicy,
Cwincll, Cullom, Dawes, Delano, Deweose, Dockery,
Dodge. Donnelly, Kckfey, Edwards, E^glo-ion,
Thomas J>. Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferries, Ferry, Fields,
French, Garfield, Goss, (Juve, Gravely, Hamilton,
Harding, Ilauo-hpy, Tfeaton, Iligbv, Hopkins, Kn'h-
ard I). Hubhard, llunter, lnsersoll, Jenekes, Alex-
ander II. Jones, Julian, Kelley, Kollogc:, Koontz,
La^h, Lincoln, Loan, Lynch, Maynard, MeCarthv,
McKee, Miller, Moovnead, Morrcll, Mullins, Nichol-
son, Norns, O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pierce,
Pile, Polfelcy, Price, Prime, Itauin, Robertson, ltoss
Slianks. Smith, Staikweather. Stoke:.', Stone, Stover,
Taffe, Thomas, John Trimble, TwichHl, Upson, Van
Awiam, iiobfrt T. Van Horn, Vidal. Henry D.
Wash Our n, William B. Washburn, Whitremore,
Thomas William^, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Windom, Woodbridgre, and Youn?—107.
jvAVS — Mcmi?, Allison, Baker, Baldwin, Bar-
nutn, Boartv, B'^ek, Benton, Blair. Boutwell, Brooks,
Buekland, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Oary,
CianJci, C"'iok, Eia. Eldrid^e. GeU, Gl</s^brcnncj%
(jlolladsiy, ilalsey, Ilawkm?, llotchkiss, Chester D.
Ilabb trd. Humphrey, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Kel-
K'ut. Kctoham, Knott. Lathn. William Law-
renr-e, Mallory, Marvin, McCormiek, Mr-Cullough,
Mercur, Xcwsham, Xihlack, Ortli, Phelps, Plants
B. Washburne, Welker, William Williams, James i
F. Wilson, and Woodward—63. >
"NOT VOTING — Mes?i>. Adam?, Ames, Belo<? R. I
Afhlcv,B.niks, jBarno.s Boles Bowen, Bover. Burr,
Govode. Dickey, Dixon, Brings, James T, Elliott, .
Fox, Griswold, Grover, Haight, Hill, Ilolraan, i
Xlooner, A-ahel W. IXubbard, Ilulburd, Jonn^on, ,
Kitchen. G^orc^ V. Lnwroncp, Logan, Lou<?hrid^c, 1
Marshall, Moore, Morrusey, Muogen, Myers, New- 1
comb. Nunn, Pettis, Pike, Poinerov, Pruvn, Robin-
son, Roots, belve, Sitereavw. Stewart. vSyp'her, Taber,
Jift, Burfc \ an Horn, Van Wyck, Cadwal-
aaer C. Washburn, and Wood—-5.>.
So the main question was ordered.
The question was put on Mr. Mayxahd's
motion: and it was agreed to.
So the resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
agricultural colleges, indiana.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Governor of Indiana, transmitting a report of
the sales made by that State of the land scrip
issued by the United States under the act of
July 2, 1802, relative to agricultural colleges,
and of the appropriation of the proceeds of
such sales ; which was referred to the Oominit-
i tec on Agricul1urc. and ordered to be printed.
I  
| sn:i'F!i.u;K.
j The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
j expired. The House resumes the eonsidera-
; lion of House joint resolution No. 402, propos-
j ing an amendment to the Constitution of the
[ [Tinted States in relation to suffrage, upon
| which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ccl-
LOSlj is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BO UL'WELL. I have been informed
that some members who desire to speak upon
this subject have not yet prepaied themselves.
I would therefore suggest that the further con-
sideration of this subject be postponed until
Wednesday ne.\t, after the reading of the J our-
nal, with the undeislandmg that, if there is any
desire, as there probably will be, for a morn-
ing hour, 1 will then yield to a motion to post-
pone the subject until after the, morning hour.
Mr. CULLOM. J have 110 objection !o yield
for such a motion, witti the understanding that,
when the House resumes the consideration of
this subject 1 shall be entitled to the floor.
Mr. ISOlj* FWEIjL. Certainly ; I would not
ask the gentleman to give up his right to the
floor. 1 now move, that the further considera-
tion of this subject be postponed until Wednes-
day next, immediately after the reading ot the
Journal.
The motion was agreed to.
ML'SSACK I'llOW THI! NHVVl'H.
A message from the. Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, informed the House tfiat the
Senate had passed a bill and a joint, lesulution
of the following titles, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested:
A bill (S. No. (>67) to enable the Holly,
Wayne, and Monroe Railway Company, in the
State of Michigan, to have the subscriptions
to its capital duly stamped ; and
A joint resolution (S. U. No. 203) donating
cannon for a monument to the memory of the
late President, Abraham Lincoln.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had agreed to (he amendments
of the House to Senate joint resolution No.
173. re:-pecting the provisional governments
of Virginia and 'Texas, with amendments, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested. y
DHSVUIt PACIFIC RAILWAY.
The SPEAKER. The House now resumes
the consideration of Senate bill No. 570, for a '
grant, of lands granting the right of way over ;
the public binds to the Denver Pacific Railway ;
and Telegraph Company, and for other pur- j
poses, upon which the gentleman from Illinois 1
[Mr. Lofnx] is entitled fo the floor. 1
Mr. LOGAN addressed the House. [See j
Appendix.] I
Mr. St'in:xc'K obtained the floor. _ I
ilr. LO&AN. If the gentleman from Ohio |
[Mr. SCHCXCK] will yield to me for a moment j
I desire to make one explanation. I intend, i
as I have said, to move, at a suitable oppor- j
tunity the reference of this measure to the j
Committee on the Pacific Railroad. I will not ,
make that, motion now, as a matter of course, t
because I do not want to cut off debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands ;
that the hour of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. 1
Schexck] will probably be the closing hour of
the debate on this bill. But the debate can
proceed upon the motion to refer; and if the
gentleman from Ohio yields for that motion it
can now be entered.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not yield for that
purpose. 1 yield to the gentleman from Min-
nesota.
Mr. \\ INDOM. Mr. Speaker, I have sought
the floor for a few moments on this question
iorthe reason that it has been announced by
two or three opponents of this measure that the
vote on the bill before the House is to decide
the question of railroad aid for this session. I
do not believe it, sir; for I do not think the
principle involved in the other bills—-I refer
especially to the one I introduced the other
day—is involved in this one.
15ut 1 have taken the floor more particularly
for the purpose of calling the attention of the
House to a refutation of the old and long-
accepted maxim that "figures will not lie." I
believe that, arranged in certain forms, figures
are the greatest liars on earth; and X think
they have been so arranged in this House. 1
reter to a statement, made by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Wasiibuene] in opening the
discussion 011 this question, that one hundred
and eighty-fivo milium acres of public land had
been granted to railroads, and that that was
one third of all the public domain of this coun-
try. Now, sir, the report, of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office shows that the
present public domain of the United States is
1,8-1-Lh', 18,000 acres. 1 f that, statement, be cor-
rect, even if one hundred and eighty-live mil-
lion acres have been granted to railroads,
instead of our having given away one third of
the public domain we have only given away
one lentil.
1 now call attention to Ihe actual facts with
reference to these grants of land. There have
been grained, according to (lie same report, to all
the rail roads oft his country, exclusive of the Pa-
cific railroads, o7,-1SH.r,Ml acres. These grants
were made to the States of Illinois, Mississippi,
Alabama, Florida. Louisiana, Missouri, Iowa,
Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Kansas, and
California. Of the grants thus made over four-
teen million actcs were gran I,ed to the southern
Slates, and consisted of graduated lauds which
hud been long in the market and would not
luing twelve and a half cents per acre. In
giaiuing those lands to the southern States
Congress at once raised the price of all the
other lands in their vicinity to 52 50 per acre,
and large quantities wore sold at, that price.
Now, il 1 owned a quantity of laud that was
not worth twelve and a half cents an acre and
by giving away one half of it 1 could get $2 50
p'u-acie for ihe res!, I think it would be a very
good speculation on my pait,.
Mr. SyPIIER. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. WJN'DOM. I eannoi. if it comes out
of my time. The, total amount, granted to the
States of Illinois, Mississippi. Alabama, Lou-
isiana, Arkansas, Ahssouu, Iowa, Michigan,
Wisconsin, and California is :3'J,(i!)"2,000 acres.
iji this amount 21,000,000 are all that have
'ever yet been certified to all the railroad com-
panies in the United States. Now, in these
States I have named as having received grants
of 30,002.000 acres there were, as shown by the
census of 18(50, an increase in the national
wealth from 1850 to 18G0 of rW, 170,000,000.
The entire increase of the national wealth
ill all the States during the same period was
S8.025,000,000. So that more than one third
of the entire increase of national wealth was in
the States which have received the land grants.
Now, estimating the same increase from 1860
to 1870, and that the whole national wealth in
1870 will be §30,000,000,000. you will have in
these land grant States one fifth of the entire
wealth of the nation. If we shall have to levy
by taxation $350,000,000 per annum to carry
011 the Government, these land-grant States in
which railroads have been built by donations
of public lauds—which lands would have been
"worthless if no railroads had been built '■'•ill
pay $70,000,000 per annum of that amount.
