586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
First, sir, let me say that I cannot agree with
my friend from Indiana in the declaration lie has
made in reference to the Pacific coast and as to
the probable result if tve do not complete this
railroad system. I admit, sir, that there ~was
great danger; but I will say to him andall others
in this House that while the generation who
entered, the Pacific slope,, whose homes are
scattered upon, the Atlantic coast and in the
midst of all the older States,, survive and con-
trol the States of the Paeific coast there is not
,tlie least danger of their becoming a fragment
by themselves. The-only danger is that if the
clamor raised in this House should be taken up
and carried out into the country and sustained,
and no further progress made in building these
roads across the continent, then, when the gen-
eration now growing up upon the Pacific coast,
who have not gone from the East, secures the
control it may act very differently. Then,
indeed, there may be great danger unless we
have these great improvements stretching across
the continent and binding it together in a firm
Union.
We have not our first road yet built. It was
commenced in the midst of the throes of the
rebellion. Then the line was located and the
enterprise begun, and it was almost impossible
to organize thecompany—and I wish my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Delano] to hear this—it was
almost impossible to organize the company, I
repeat, and to raise the means necessary to carry
it on, even with the second subsidy in 1864. The
demand of this Government during the rebel-
lion was so great for the raw products of the
country for its own use that it was almost im-
possible to make any progress whatever v/ith
the construction of the Pacific railroad. And
it will be borne in mind by gentlemen of this
House that i^s great progress has been since
the ranks of the rebels were broken and dis-
persed, and the Government has ceased to have
so great a demand for men in the Army, or
their employment in the field in raising sup-
plies for the men in the Array. When that
demand 011 the part of the Government existed
it was almost impossible to employ men in the
building of the road except at almost fabulous
prices. Since the close of the rebellion, how-
ever, the construction of the road has gone on
with a remarkable rapidity. Its enormity is
now spoken of. Men fail to go back to the
beginning to see what the necessities of the
times were in reference to this matter. If the
country had been at peace when this great im-
provement was commenced, if everything then
was as favorable as now, it would have been
a monstrosity to grant such a subsidy in money
and land to any corporation. I am opposed
to any such grant hereafter to the extent in
which it was given to that road ; but I do not
yield to the clamor which has been raised here,
because when the grant was made the times
demanded it. Now that roads can be built on
more reasonable terms I do not believe that our
grants should be so extensive, and while I ask
members to see to it that the interest and con-
venience of the country shall be cared for I
also insist that our legislation shall be properly
protected and restricted.
It has been attempted to beshown that these
bonds are standing as a public indebtedness as
against these companies. On this point I will
state that these roads have not been the cause
of any expense to the Government, except it
may be in the lands which have been appro-
priated to aid in their construction. They are
saving the Government harmless in regard to
the payment of interest. It is so in reference
to the great amounts of subsidy granted to the
Union and Central Pacific railroads; and how
is it in regard to the particular road now before
this body? It is a fact well known, and can be
sustained, that they have not only been paying
interest to the Government, but the Govern-
ment has now on hand a fund over and above
that as a sinking fund for the payment of the
principal of the bonds.
iiut members of the House say that in this
bill we are carrying out something different
from what was originally intended. If, with
the subsidy that has been given to extend the
road fifty-four miles, another-road is to be con-
structed in the direction of Denver, and that
makes it a different thing, then I say it is for
that very reason I shall more heartily sustain
the proposition now before the House. The
objection of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Price,] although the change of route from the
Republican fork to the Smoky Hill route may
have injured another road which the Govern-
ment was aiding, does not militate at all against
the proposition urged by my friend from Ohio
and others, that we must have more than one
road across the continent if we wish to bind the
Pacific and Atlantic firmly together.
. Mr. PRICE. I ask the gentleman from Cali-
fornia whether he does not know that in July,
1808, this same company came here and asked
Congress to allow them to swing off 
Mr. HIQBY. That has been up before, and
i.I cannot yield to the gentleman any further.
The gentleman is referring to the very thing I
spoke of, and if he had heard what I said he
w&uld have known that what he objects to is
one of the reasons why I support this very bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's ten
minutes have expired.
Mr. Stevens of New Hampshire, Mr. Lough-
ridge, and Mr. Julian were, by unanimous
consent, granted leave to print their remarks
as part of the debates. [See Appendix.]
Mr. SCHENCK. How many minutes re-
main of my time?
The SPEAKER. Fourteen.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield ien_ minutes
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
O'Neill,] and then the remaining four min-
utes to his colleague, [Mr. Covode,] who has
charge ot the bill.
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Speaker, I am so hoarse
from a bad cold that I doubt whether I can
speak so as to be heard, and I regret very much
that I have not my remarks written out so that
I might have them printed instead of attempt-
ing to say one word at this time.
I am sorry to find that in the discussion a
great deal has been insinuated about fraudu-
lent transactions and corrupt corporations—of
men and corporations taking grants of land
and money from the Government aqd failing
to devote them to the purposes for which they
were designed. If such be true, lot us have
facts, and not mere insinuations. I will not
dwell on that branch of the subject, brought in
here to prejudice the proposed legislation, but
come at once to the bill before us. What is it?
It contains two or three clear and distinct
propositions. In the first place, the Union
Pacific railroad, eastern division, finds itself
over four hundred miles beyond Kansas City.
There the road has stopped, and the Senate has
passed the bill proposing to give a subsidy of
$16,000 in bonds a mile for building fifty-four
miles to Cheyenne Wells.
Mr. UPSON. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. O'NEILL. Ask it.
Mr. UPSON. Can the gentleman say
whether it is $16,000 a mile or $32,000?
Mr. O'NEILL. I take it from the bill itself,
and from my knowledge of the credit and in-
tegrity of the gentlemen interested in this great
enterprise, that they only want what the Gov-
ernment is asked to give them, $16,000 a mile
for these fifty-four miles, amounting in all to an
appropriation, or rather a subsidy, of $864,000.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish the gentleman would
state how he gathers from this bill that the
subsidy is only for fifty-four miles.
Mr. O'NEILL. If it does not say so in posi-
tive language that is its moaning, and any
gentleman of ordinary intelligence who reads
the bill and understands the provisions of ex-
isting laws giving subsidies to this company
must see that its intention is to "carry the road
from its present terminus to Cheyenne Wells,
a distance of fifty-four miles, for which the
subsidy of $16,000 per mile is desired. The
bill actually and unequivocally fixes the point,
Cheyenne Wells, at which the subsidy is to
cease. There can be no mistake abeut this.
Both in word and intention it is so clear that
demonstration is not needed. Survey and
measurement have determined the distance, so
that neither the company nor the Government
could by any possibility increase or diminish it.
Mr. LOGAN. It does not say so.
Mr. O'NEILL. I advert to another propo-
sition, which is this: that the eastern division
proposes to transfer its land grants to the Den-
ver Pacific Railroad Company, incorporated
by the Territory of Colorado, upon the condi-
tion that the latter company build its road from
Denver to Cheyenne, the point of connection
with the Union Pacific railroad. The purpose
of the eastern division is to make its line through
Cheyenne Wells to Denver, thence from Den-
ver to Cheyenne, thus giving it at a compara-
tive early day a connection by the Union Pa-
cific railroad with the Pacific ocean at San
Francisco. Who can doubt this? Why would
the eastern division so readily surrender its
land grants? Why be so charitable, so benev-
olent? Why, amid the turmoil and the trou-
ble and the remarks arid the criticisms of mem-
bers of Congress, and after a struggle for years,
would that company be willing to give up its
thousands of acres of land if the object were
not to push forward the great work, as designed
by this bill, of making a junction with the
Union Pacific road? It seems wonderful to
me how any gentleman can allege that Den-
ver is not to be reached, when by legislation
the eastern division asks to be permitted to
give up in this respect its franchises, its rights,
and its grant of lands to another company.
To be sure, to make the connections complete
the road must be built from Cheyenne Wells
to Denver, a distance of one hundred and sev-
enty or more miles, as I understand.
Mr. LOGAN. I will give it exact—it is one
hundred and ninety-four miles.
Mr. O'NEILL. Now, does this road intend
to stop at Cheyenne Wells? Why, Mr. Speaker,
the very advantages to be gained of an un-
broken line to the Pacific ocean by way of the
Union Pacific railroad is a sufficient answer
to such a question. The enterprise of the east-
ern division company has now equipped and
in running order, four hundred and five miles
of road from Kansas City west, and has con-
nections east to St. Louis of two hundred and
eighty-three miles. The vast interests and
yearly increasing population of the territory
traversed by these nearly seven hundred miles
of continuous railroad are demanding that they
may have facilities for business and travel to-
ward the Pacific coast. I cannot imagine why
the House should desire to defeat the bill.
The argument that there is a design to go by
a more southern route,, by Albuquerque to
the Pacific, has no bearing upon the question
now under discussion. The present purpose
is to get to the Uniou Paeific railroad, and if
hereafter, under more propitious circumstances,
the eastern division can build a southern line,
why let it be done, but do not stop the efforts
now making, and which the passage of this bill
will certainly bring to success, for the comple-
tion of the road from Kansas City to Denver
and Cheyenne.
The subsidies already paid to the eastern
division amount to some six million dollars.
From statistics which I have examined, and
which I know to be correct, the Government
in the last two years has saved $2,000,000 in
freight by the difference in charges between the
rates of this company and the transportation
by wagons and other means of carriage. Pri-
vate individuals have also been benefited in
this respect, and both Government and indi-
viduals by each mile's extension of this road
will reap the advantages which would follow
our favorable action. The amount of subsidy
here asked, §864,000, I know is not a trifling
sum of money; but comparing it with the vast-
ness of thn enterprise, and especially taking
into consideration the immense gain to the
country by helping on this work, it sinks almost
to insignificance. While the more northern
line to the Pacific has been carried more than
one thousand miles beyondOmaha,letus cherish
