1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
imposed on him by acts of Congress; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of fishermen
on the waters of eastern North Carolina, pray-
ing the reduction of the duty and tax on salt;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Rhode Island, praying that the right of
suffrage be extended to women; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. VICKBRS.' I present the petition; of
Rowland Cromelien, asking the passage o'f an
act granting him the right of way foran^iir-line
railway to be laid, under his patent, fikjjfc Wash-
ington city to Annapolis, Maryland. I ask that
a portion of it may be read. ["Oh, no."]
The PRESIDENTpro_ tempore. It will be
read if there be no objections.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object. It is not usual
to read petitions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing is objected to. What disposition will the
Senator make of the paper ?
Mr. VICKERS. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT presented a petition of Dr.
A. B. Sams, praying compensation for services
rendered as contract surgeon in the United
States Army ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Wilmington, North Carolina, praying for the
erection of a post office building suitable for
the accommodation of the increasing postal
business of the city, and suggesting an appro-
priation of $15,000 for the erection of a good
and substantial building; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying that the right
of suffrage be extended to women ; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a series of resolu-
tions in the nature of a petition adopted by
the council of the Union League of Winches-
ter, Virginia, in which they set forth that a few
disfranchised rebels and others in sympathy
with them are making a strenuous effort to
obtain the removal of the disabilities ol one
Judge Parker, of Virginia, so that he may con-
tinue on the bench. They set forth the char-
acter and conduct of this Judge Parker, and
also a charge to the grand jury which he de-
livered during the rebellion. I have heard of
this person before, and I will say that if our
great historian, Richard Hildreth, were alive,
1 would recommend this Judge Parker to him
as a proper subject for an additional chapter
in his book entitled " atrocious judges.'' I
move the reference of this petition to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of
Phebe Wood and Sylvia Ann Wood, praying
remuneration for the invention of a plow by
their father, Jethro Wood; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
civil service.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 255) to reorganize the Treasury
Department, to report it back to the Senate,
and to say that the committee have given the
subject a great deal of attention, but have not
been able to report a bill likely to meet^ the
assent of Congress during the piesent session;
but as several bills are before other commit-
tees of the body to reorganize different Depart-
ments of the Government, and as they ought
all to be considered together and ought to
form a harmonious whole, the committee have
concluded, on the whole, it is best not to report
a bill at this session, but ask the passage of
the following resolution for the reorganization
of the civil service:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representatives
concurring,) That a joint committco, to be composed
of three members of the Senate and five members of
the House of Representatives, shall be appointed at
the beginning of the next session, in the same manner
as other joint committees are appointed, which shall
continue during the Forty-First Congress, and shall
have leave to sit during tho recess of that Congress,
and whose duty it shall be to examine and report
upon the expediency of reorganizing tho civil service
in tho several Departments of the Government, tho
clerical force nccessary in each, the rate of compen- ,
sation, and such regulations as will secure a more
economical and efficient performance of the civil
service.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to consider the resolution at this time.
No objection being made, the question is on
agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state at the request
of Senators that I have reported back from tho
Committee on Finance the bill introduced by
the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessexdkn,]
and after having spent much time upon it and
not being able to agree upon a bill likely to pass
at the present session of Congress, and there
being other bills to reorganize other Depart-
ments of the Government—the Army, Navy,
Post Office, and other Departments—which
have been referred to different committees, we
thought the whole subject ought to be acted
upon together,because great changes have been
made by the war in the different Departments,
and they ought all to be reorganized so as to
adapt them to the changes in service in peace.
We therefore thought it better to have tho
whole subject of the reorganization of the
Executive Departments, the clerical force in
each, the amount of compensation, &c., sent to
a special committee to be organized in this way
with the view to consider that special subject.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the Senator whether
the resolution is not confined to the civil ser-
vice alone?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly ; the civil ser-
vice in the Departments. As a matter of course
there is in the War Department a branch of
the civil service.
Mr. FBSSENDEN. It is confined to the
Departments entirely.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. It does not affect
the military or naval service, but the civil ser-
vice entirely of the various Departments, in-
cluding the War and Navy Departments. We
thought it was better to adopt this course.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
whether it is not unusual to direct now the ap-
pointment of a committee by tho next Congress?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that it is
always done.
Mr. CONKLING. Let mo say one word,
if the Senator will allow me. This is a concur-
rent resolution ; the House of Representatives
is to concur; and the resolution directs that a
committee shall be constituted of five members
of that House joining three on the part of this
body. Those members are not elected the
Congress is not in existence in which this is to
take place. Novj, 1 think it would be a very
unusual thing, taking the House part of the
resolution, for the Fortieth Congress in the
House/to create a committee to be appointed
by thfe next House, of a special character.
Sup/ose we were to adopt a resolution that a
^Pl/mittee of three members of this body should
^appointed to join a committee of five mem-
bers to he constituted by the House, and sup-
pose then the House were to pass a resolution,
or were asked by the Senate to pass a resolu-
tion, directing that the next House of Repre-
sentatives, not now in being, should appoint a
given committee of a given number for a given
purpose, special iti its character. I do not know
but that there may be some example of this ;
I remember none, and it seems to be a very
unusual proceeding.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can state to the Sena-
tor that there are not only many precedents,
but it is the common way. Committees are
organized, sometimes special, sometimes stand-
ing, in one Congress, and continue Congress
after Congress. It is true the committees are
organized in that Congress. All the standing
committees of this body are made in pursuance
of resolutions of the body, and joint commit-
•tees are made in pursuance of joint resolutions,
as for instance, the Committee on the Conduct
of the War, and the Committee on Retrench-
ment. All joint committees are made by a
concurrent resolution of the two Houses. We
confined this committee to the Forly-First Con-
gress, because it is supposed that having a spe-
cific duty to perform it can be confined and
limited to that term.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee on Re-
trenchment, to which the Senator has alluded,
was only appointed for a particular Congress,
and by the Congress that appointed it, and
when the new Congress came in that Congress,
after it came in, revived the committee. Now,
I •entirely agree, having read the resolution at
the desk, to the propriety of accomplishing
the purpose the Senator from Ohio has in view.
I think if a joint committee charged with that
specific duty and with nothing else could si t dur-
ing the next recess and really devote themselves
to attempting to reorganize the details of the
Departments, they would accomplish a very
great good indeed. While, therefore, I am in
favor of the amendment which is suggested, I
am troubled by the same difficulty that the Sen-
ator from New York has as to the legal possi-
bility of our adopting this resolution, so as
that it shall have any binding effect after the
4th of March. The House of Representatives
"by its Speaker cannot under this resolution
appoint a committee after the 4th March
without a further resolution of the House
authorizing him to do so, and creating such a
committee, and of course if it is to be a
concurrent committee by concurrent action,
whatever indispensably required the action of
tho Forty-First House of Representatives
would necessarily require the concurrence of
the Senate during the same period of time.
Therefore I confess I am unable to see what
effect this resolution can have after the 4th of
March that it will not derive from action which
must be taken then.
Mr. POMRROY. I think the Senator will
accomplish the purpose by moving to strike
out the words "at the beginning of the next .
session." I see they are underlined, and
.were an afterthought evidently.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no; they were
adopted by the committee.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will strike
out the words "at the beginning of the next
session" the resolution will read right.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then it will be subject
to tho objection made by Senators, that we are
attempting, during this Congress, to make a
committee to serve during the next Congress.
There is no difficulty in this Congress pre-
scribing that the next Congress shall have cer-
tain committees. Suppose the next Congress
should repeal the resolution. If Senators are
in favor of the object, this _ resolution will
accomplish it, and it is very simple and very
important.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it is very import-
ant, but 1 do not, see how we can do it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will have the force of
a law or joint resolution, binding on the two
Houses until it is changed. That is all there
is of it.
Mr. POMEIIOY. I am in favor of the ob-
ject sought to be accomplished by this resolu-
tion. 1 think the Departments should be
reorganized. I think there ought to be differ-
ent grades of clerkships, beginning down as
low as ?800, $1,000, $1,200, and so along, and
they ought to be open to all persons. As it
now is there are a few lower grades to winch
women can be appointed, but they cannot be
promoted. I want to see that system changcd
in any reorganization that may be made.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose that this matter
"lie on the table until gentlemen familiar with
the rules and parliamentary law shall decide
what course we ought to pursue, and in the
mean time wo can go on with the business of
the Senate. , ,
Mr. POMEROY. There is no question of
parliamentary law involved in this resolution.
