1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
of a bill as equivalent to a rejection, and no
exception can be adduced lo that practice. It
has been customary here since T have been in
the Senate for the chairman of a committee in
reporting bills adversely, where it was desirable
to end the matter, to ask at once for their
indefinite postponement. I will invite the atten-
tion of the Senate to a proceeding which trans-
pired here three or four days ago on the part
of the chairman of the Judiciary Committee.
He reported back a bundle of bills to which
the committee did not assent, and proceeded to
say: " For the purpose of removing this busi-
ness from the Calendar t move the indefinite
postponement of these bills;" and when they
are indefinitely postponed they are taken off
the Calendar and regarded as finished and set-
tled business.
Mr. GRIMES. That was at this session.
How would it be in regard to bills indefinitely
postponed at the last session ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would ask if the Sec-
retary ever puts a bill indefinitely postponed
at the last session on the Calendar fortius ses-
sion ? Every motion, resolution, or bill pend-
ing at the adjournment of the last session goes
upon the Calendar for this session ; but every
motion, resolution, or bill that was indefinitely
postponed at the last session, if it originated
in the House of Representatives, is returned
by the Secretary of the Senate to the House
with a notice that it has been rejected by the
Senate, and therefore it cannot, in the nature
of things, be put upon the Calendar, for it has
gone beyond the jurisdiction of the Senate.
Now I ask, if this invariable practice is to
be overturned for the particular benefit of this
claimant, in what condition will it leave the
Senate and the business of the Senate? Is it
possible after a bill has been discussed and
indefinitely postponed, that that is equivalent
to its lying on the table that it may be called
up at any time by any Senator, and so the busi-
ness of the Senate perpetuated, and there be
nil end to discussion? It is not customary in
the Senate to move for the rejection of a bill ;
bat it is customary, with a view of killing it,
to move its indefinite postponement.
Now, sir, I wish to refer to the authorities
that were cited yesterday by the Senator from
Kentucky ; and' 1 say his authorities, accord-
ing to the argument of the Senator from Indi-
ana, prove the correctness of the position
which I have assumed. All those authorities
are to the effect that the indefinite postpone-
ment of a bill puts off its consideration beyond
the end of the. session, or at any rate prevents
any further consideration of the bill at that
session. When those authorities were written
every bill that was pending during the session
expired with the termination of the session,
so that those authorities are equivalent lo say-
ing that the indefinite postponement of a bill
destroys its existence, because when tho-e
authorities were written the business of each
session expired with that session. Now, the
Senator from Indiana says that the twenty-first
joint rule makes both sessions one. If it
does, then according to those authorities this
bill which has been indefinitely postponed can-
not be reconsidered at the same session, and
therefore the authorities which lie cites are
adverse <o the position which he assumes.
' Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the Senator
does not correctly represent my colleague. My
colleague said the effect, of the twenty-first
joint rale was for the first timti to continue the
business from one session to another, and that
it, did not become dead by the adjournment.
That is his position, and therefore the motion
to postpone indefinitely is not a motion that
destroys the measure.
• Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 understand the position ;
and the argument which I make upon that
position is entirely proper and legitimate. J lie
authoi ity is:
"If tii'-y vsisli tn suppress a hill whol<;of
fhnf M'5 ton, they [>n&jpono u lrn.cxinitely. luis
qa.^lic-b the proposition lor that section.
That I ubng was made when the business ex-
pired with the end of the session. It is equiv-
alent to saying that when a bill is indefinitely
postponed it cannot be reconsidered during
that session; and if this joint rule makes these
two sessions one as to that business, then the
meaning of this authority is that this bill, when
it has been once indefinitely postponed, can-
not be reconsidered during the entire session
made one by this joint rule. If the authority
means anything it means that. All that this
authority proves, that the indefinite postpone-
ment of a bill defeats it, is equivalent to a par-
adox, for it kills it for that session ; and if
Congress has atlopted a rule by which one ses-
sion is dovetailed into another, then it is one
session as to this bill, and it cannot be recon-
sidered.
Sir, I think this proceeding is most extraor-
dinary for other reasons. 1 call the attention
of the Senate to the twentieth rule, which says:
" But no motion for the reconsideration of any voto
shall bo in order after the bill, resolution, message,
amendment, or motion upon which the vote was
taken shall have gone out, of the possession of the
Senate, announcing their decision.''
It is acknowledged that this bill lias been
indefinitely postponed, and has been returned
to the House of Representatives with the
papers, and the House has been notified that,
the bill has been rejected by the Senate; and
here is a rule which absolutely provides that
no bill shall ho reconsidered by the Senate after
it has gone beyond its control or possession
Now, sir, how i an tin1 Senate proceed ? What
motion is made '' To take up a bill for the
purpose of considering it before the Senate,
when the bill has been rejected, and is in the
oilier House, in the possession of the other
House, under a notice of rejection from the
Senate. Can this Senate proceed to act upon
a bill in that condition when the rule is impera-
tive that no action can be taken when a bill
is beyond the control of the body ? More-
over, the twentieth rule provides—
"Xor shall anv motion for reeonsidera'ion ho in
order unless made oil ino same day on wlech Ule v ote
was taken, or within the tyro next days of actual
session of the Senate thereafter."
Now, five months have elapsed since action
upon this bill. 11 ow can it he reconsidered ?
Doc-s the Senator suppose lie can take up this
bill and refer it lo a committee without recon-
sidering the vote upon its indefinite postpone-
ment ? If there was any person with that
intention at the time this bill was indefinitely
postponed the motion to reconsider that vote
under this rule must have been made wRhin
two days. This is an absolute rule ; and un
less a "motion is made to reconsider a voto
within two days that voto is conclusive upon
the bill under this rule.
Mr. MOUTON. 'This is not a motion to
reconsider at, all.
Mr, WILLIAMS. Not a motion to recon-
S"Mr.' MOUTON. Certainly not.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know it is not a motion
to reconsider in form ; but if the bill were here
no aetion could bo taken upon it,by the Senate.
Will the Senate, after a bill has been rejected,
entertain a motion in regard to it? Suppose
that a vote had been taken upon the passage
of the bill and the Senator, five months alter
the bill had been rejected in that, way, had pro-
posed to take it up and refer it to a com-
mittee, would it not be a good answer to say
that that bill had been rejected by the Senate
and the vote had never been reconsidered?
This vote of indefinite postponement had some
effect on the bill. It had some other effect
than laying it on the table. That is very
certain. And if it had the effect which has
always been attached to it by the practice of
| the Senate no action can be taken without a
| reconsideration of the vote indefinitely post-
I polling it; and the Senate will not, proceed in
! this v,uy to do a vain thing, to take up thisbijl
| or to consider it for one moment when it is
' positively certain under this rah1 that no action
; can be taken on it : there can be no reconsid-
: oration.
I The twenty-first, joint rule is the only rule
i upon which any proceeding of tins nature can
be based, and that rule only relates to business
that remains undetermined in either House.
I think the invariable usage and practice of
the Senate lias grown into a rule on this subject,
and I hope that no sympathy will induce the
Senate to overturn a practice so well settled,
and which tends so much to promote the busi-
ness of the Senate. I have nothing to say
about McGarrahan or about his claim at this
time. If it ever becomes necessary to discuss
that I may have something to say on that, sub-
ject ; but I consider it foreign to this discussion.
Under this invariable practice, and in view of
the fact that the lull is now in the possession
of the House of Representatives, that this vote
of indefinite postponement has been regarded
as a rejection, and that no motion to reconsider
would be in order at, this time, even if the bill
was before the Senate, it seems to me extraor-
dinary that an effort should be made to subvert
the settled practice of the Senate. Mr. McGar-
rahan can introduce another bill—there is no
objection to that—and have the question con-
sidered in the Senate again.
Mr. EESSENDEN. Is there notthis objec-
tion : it is perfectly well understood that if this
bill is finally disposed of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office will then issue his
patents to other parties, and that, will close the
matter. Is not, that the whole secret?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know that that
is the case.
Mr. EESSENDEN. T am so informed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I presume the Senator
has much information derived from Mr. McGar-
rahan that is not in the possession of myself or
others, but be that as it may, 1 suppose that if
a bill was introduced and was pending here the
Commissioner might be induced to withhold
any patent in reference to these lands until the
bill pending could be determined. 1 do not.
know anything about the proceedings before,
the Commissioner one, way or the other.
Mr. KESSENDEN. Here is a letter laid
on the table addressed by Senators to the Com-
missioner, requesting patents to be issued.
Has the Senator seen it?
Mr, WILLIAMS. 1 have not seen it, and
know nothing about it.
Mi. STEWART. I know something about
il, and I shall have a word 10 say about, it.
Since ihis paper has been alluded to I wish lo
call the attention of the Senate to it. It, is
jiresent.ed here, I suppose,by Mr. Meftarraban
with the intention of making it, appear that he
has been unl'aii ly dealt with ill this transac-
tion. It is a request by three Senators, my-
self among the number, alter (lie disposition
of this matter, that, the laws of Congress might
:;o into effect, and that the miners owning tins
land might proceed to have their patents. For
now aboul two years the act ot ISt.ii, which
permitted miners on the mineral hinds to
obtain patents, has been suspended without
authority ot law by the request of Mr. McGar-
rahan, and at the suggestion of members of
Congress they have been kept out of their
rights under the law.
Air. EDMUNDS. Who arc the adverse
claiming parties?
Mr. SI'EWART. There are several mining
companies; the principal one is the New
jdi'ia Mining Company.
Mr. EDMUNDS. A corporation?
Mr. STEWART. That is, a corporation
located originally under the raining rules and
under th'e mineral land laws would be entitled
to a patent. Mr. McGarrahan has for about
two years and more pievented those people
from proceeding under the laws to acquire tho
rights that the laws give. 'The Department has
obeyed the request, of committees of Congress
and members of Congress to suspend aetion
until Mr. McGarraban could have an opportu-
nity to have his claim determined by Congress,
There, was no authority of law for this suspen-
sion : and it was a great hardship to thc other
parties. When the bill was indefinitely post-
poned, believing that that was the end -of it,
and knowing that it ought to be the end of it,
