1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
598
Mr. POMERQY. As soon as this question }
of order is disposed of, or at the end of the
hour, the Senator will be entitled to the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Wisconsin yield the floor for the
purpose mentioned?
Mr. DOGLITTLE. I do, with that under-
standing.
Mr. CONFESS. With what understanding?
Let us understand the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With the
understanding that the Senator from Wiscon-
sin resumes the floor at the end of the hour.
Mr. CONNESS. That is an informal laying
over of the regular order, is it not? To that
I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
can only decide questions as they come up.
The Senator from Wisconsin yields for the mo-
tion of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hend-
ricks. ] The question is on that motion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood the Sena-
tor from California to object.
Mr. CONNESS. I did.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think the effect of the
motion will be to displace the standing order
unless it is done by unanimous consent, and
therefore I will go oil.
The PRESIDENT mo tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin does not yield the floor.
Senate bill No. 256 is now before the body.
31r. DOOLITTLE. 1 would be glad to
yield if I could do so without prejudicing the
bill of which the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad has charge.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask the Chair one question? I wish to
inquire of the Chair whether, if the Senate
adopt a resolution postponing the pieseut
order not exceeding one hour for the further
investigation of the question that has been
before the Senate, there is any doubt that upon
the disposal of this present business the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin will have the floor on the
railroad bill ? Is there any doubt, as aquestion
of order, on that matter? I think it is right
that the Chair should disembarrass us about it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is not very dexterous in these questions of
order, and can hardly dispose of them as they
arise, and therefore is not disposed to antici-
pate them. Still there is no objection to stat-
ing what is the view of the Chair on the point
now suggested. If the Senate should now
postpone the regular order for one hour the
Chair would regard it as the understanding
that the unfinished business should resume its
place after that hoar was ended. Believing
that to be the sense of the Senate, the Chair
would endeavor to enforce it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I will ask the
Senator Irom Wisconsin to yield Lo me that I
may move that the Senate postpone the pres-
ent order not exceeding one hour, until the
Senate shall dispose of the question of order
now pending, and that upon the disposal of
that question the regular business in order
shall be at once resumed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was of the impression
that that understanding to which the Chair has
referred must be the unanimous understanding
of the Senate. If the Chair is of a different
opinion, if the vote of the Senate is sufficient
to postpone it for a single hour, of course I
have no personal objection to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ruling
of the Chair would be of no consequence ; the
whole matter is under the control of the Sen-
ate ; but what has been indicated would be the
view of the Chair under the circumstances
stated.
Mr. DOOLITTLE._ With that understand-
ing, the Chair having intimated his opinion on
tliat question as to what would be the result,
I am willing to yield.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the understand-
ing?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That if we postpone
for one hour the pending bill, on which 1 now
have tin: floor, at the end of the hour it will be
40TH Co>:O. 3B RES=5.—No. 38.
resumed, and I shall then be entitled to tha
floor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Part of my motion is
that as soon as the business which has just
been displaced is disposed of by the Senate
the consideration of the business now regularly
before the Senate shall be at once resumed,'on
which the Senatorfrom Wisconsin hasthefloor.
Mr DOOLITTLE. With that understand-
ing I shall yield to allow the Senator to make
the motion, for I have no personal wish to
prevent it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion now is, that the prior order be superseded
for not exceeding one hour, and that then the
unfinished business shall be resumed again.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want it distinctly un-
derstood that whenever I can get the floor, and
it is in order—it is not now, for the Senator
from Wisconsin still holds the floor—I wish
to take the sense of the Senate as to whether
they will consume more time in discussing a
private bill, or will go to the consideration of
public business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will
be under the control of the Senate, like every-
thing else.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will then go on and
say vtfiat little I have to say on thependingbill.
central branch pacific raiuioad. vi
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator fiotn Wisconsin does not yield the floor,
and the bill (S. No. 25(5) relating to the Cen-
tral Branch Union Pacific Railroad Company
is now before the Senate, the question being
on the amendment of the Senator from Ore-
gon, [Mr. CoitllETT.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, it is not
my purpose to occupy the attention of the Sen-
ate beyond a very few minutes, because I be-
lieve that the friends of the measure before
the Senate expect thnt after a very little more
discussion they will he able to come to a vote,
and what is desired is to have this question,
which has been discussed in the Senate at the
last session, and once or twice during the
present session, come to a vote, take the
sense of the Senate on it, let it be disposed of,
and be out of the way of all other business.
We agreed when we entered on the construc-
tion of the Pacific railroad in its imperative
necessity, its necessity to bind the East and
West together, and for the purpose of making
absolutely sure the construction of the road
we gave to the company much larger bounties
and subsidies than we should probably be will-
ing to do now or should have done then if wo
had known then what we know. And it is very
likely that we consented to the building of
more branches to the Pacific railroad than -we
should have consented to if we had known how
easy the road at last was to be eonsiructed.
But for the purpose of making its construction
sure the policy adopted by Congtess was to
combine and concentrate the railroad interests
of this country upon a single line, and the
great struggle in this body, I well remember,
was to determine the point from which the
main line should begin.
Those who were interested in the railroads
from Chicago desired that point to bo as far
north as possible. Those who were interested
in the railroads going from St. Louis were
interested in carrying the line further south.
They could agree upon the points of departure
where these branches were to begin ; but they
could not agree, and Congress could not agree,
upon the point where all these branches should
be brought together ; and what did they do ?
To resolve the question they left that point to
be determined by the President of the United
States, because Congress could not determine
it themselves. Before that point was determ-
ined by the President it is true the roads reach-
ing from St. Louis were looking to a more
southerly connection ; they were looking up the
Smoky Hill; they were looking in a direction
directly west toward Denver, in Colorado ; and
that explains very much of what was referred
to by the honorable Senator from New York,
[Mr. Coxkuxg,] that there was a time when
these roads were looking to a direct westerly
direction. But after the President had fixed
the point, then under the law the maps were
to be filed, and they were filed : and when those
maps were filed in pursuance of the law they
fixed^ the general line of the Pacific railroad
and for the branches of the Pacific railroad,
so that those branches when the maps were
filed were fixed, and if they were not fixed by
law they were fixed under the. law, and with-
out a new law no company and no person had
any power to change the general line.
Now, what was done? When the President
fixed the point, on the one hundredth meridian
at which these roads should concentrate this
eastern division located its road up the Repub-
lican fork and filed its map, and by its location
under the law that was the route which was
fixed and became the legal route, binding upon
the Government, binding upon the parties, and
that route could not be changed unless Con-
gress should inteifere and by law permit the
rood to bo diverged.
What further was provided? And w© come
now precisely to the point in this case, and on
which I desire to say a few words, and it is all
1 wish to say. Sir, do you believe that Con-
egress in passing a law. would not make anv pro-
vision whereby one branch, like the central
branch, starting from Alchisou and going di
rectly west, was to connect wiih another branch,
and thus go on its lines to the one hundredth
meridian in case this eastern division should
not build ? No, sir. Congress made two pro-
visions—that in order to get this Atchison
branch in connection with tlio main trunk of
the Pacific road it might do one of two things:
first, it might be consolidated with the eastern
division, and they go on and build together
from the point of'junction to the one hundredth
meridian ; but it provided, secondly, that in
case the eastern division should not build, then
the central branch itself should take up the
lino and make toward the point of junction and
go on and build to the one hundredth meridian,
to t he point which was established by the Presi-
dent. 1 wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the language of the statute on that sub-
ject, and that is all the point to which I wish
to direct their attention, because 1 could add
nothing, if 1 should undertake it, to the clear
statement which was made by the honorable
Senatorfrom Indiana [Mr. Morton] and the
honorable Senator from Maine [Mr. FissseX-
i>kn] as to the general facts of this case, and
1 do not desire to take up the time of the Sen-,
ate in attempting it. But to this one point I
desire to call the attention of the Senate :
" And in case any company authorized thereto shall
not ens or into such consolidated organization, Mich
emu i uiy, upon iho com pi 01 ion of its load :is horcin-
b.'lu f provided, shall be entitled to. and is hereby
autiiu, >ed to continue and extend ttie same under
the uueunislaitce;-, and in aocoidancf with the pro-
vi ions of this section, nnd to have all the benefits
thereof, as fully nrd completely as are heroin pro-
vided touching such consolidated organization."
Under the, law as it stands the opinion of
the best lawyers has been given that if the
company bhould go oil and build their line upon
the road, they might, by law, call upon (he
Secretary of the interior, and by mandamus
compel him to issue the bonds of the Govern-
ment. Such has been the opinion of many good
lawyers under the act as it stands. But, sir,
to avoid any uncertainty about.it, the company
desire that Congress should declare, and ia
the bill which ia now pending before the Sen-
ate they ask permission to unite with the main
trunk of the railroad, for it is now the mam
trunk, from Omaha to the one hundredth me-
ridian at a point some forty or fifty miles east
of the one hundredth meridian, which would
make the distance some forty or fifty miles
shorter than it would be if they should con-
tinue the whole length of their line to the one
hundredth meridian. Therefore, if the con-
struction given to the law is correct, the bill
now pending befoie Congress is a bill to author-
ize this central branch to make its connection
