884:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
■with tbe Pacific railroad at a point forty or
fifty or sixty miles further east than the fine
hundredth meridian, andthus save the Govern-
ment the subsidies in bonds and lands on from
forty to sixty miles.
Mr. President, I desired simply to call the
attention of the Senate to this point, not to
occupy its tinre. I accidentally was upon the
floor when the Senate adjourned yesterday, not
for the purpose of taking up its time, but of
calling attention to that single point,, in the hope
that the Senate might dispose of the question
which has been discussed at considerable length
at the last session and at the present session;
and without any disposition on my part to
occupy the time of the Senate, or stand in the
way of any business of the Senate, I desire,
if possible, to bring this matter, as far as lam
concerned at least, to a termination.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I desire to
say a few words on this subject before the vote
is taken. Some Senators who have expressed
themselves-favorable to the passage ef this bill
have stated that if it were a new question they
would vote against it. Well, sir, if it were a
new question and a  isolated proposition to
grant bonds of the Government of the United
States to aid in the construction of one hun-
dred and fifty miles of railroad lying anywhere
out in the plains, I suppose that no member of
this body would cast a vote in its favor; but it is1'
heeauseit is not a new proposition, because the
proposed improvement does not stand isolated
and alone, but is a part of the primary plan
for the Union Pacific railroad originally pro-
Tided for by law, that it commands the sup-
port of members of the Senate. I judge that
no one would at this time vote for a subsidy in
bonds to aid in the construction of a local line
of road, whether lying in the State of Kansas or
elsewhere. The real question, I suppose, is,
whether this is a necessary part of the railroad
.plan provided by Congress in 1862 and in 1864;
and whether the company referred to in this
bill lias acquired rights, legal or equitable, that
obligates Congress to grant them the relief
that is proposed in the bill. In opposition to
the suggestion that they have these rights, it has
been stated by the Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Howe] and the Senator from New York
[Mr. Conklinc] that in their opinion this com-
pany never had a right under the law to make
a connection with the eastern division railroad,
so called.
•Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no! I hope the
Senator will not cite me for any such proposi-
tion as that. My proposition was that they
had a right to a connection which must have
been east of the meridian of Fort Riley; that
no stretch or construction of their power could
carry them to a connection north and west of
that point
Mr. HARLAN. I am happy to bear the
Senator's explanation, but it would not have
been needed had he waited until my sentence
was concluded. What I began to say was that
the Senator from New York [Mr. Conkling]
denied that this company had the right to form
a connection with the eastern division road in
the valley, of the Republican river on the line
of road which they adopted. I am right now,
I believe, and I remember the Senator cited
in support of his position a passage from the
Globe indicating that some member of this
body, in 1862 or 1864, when this question was
pending, moved to strike out one hundred miles
and insert fifty miles, and that the two Senators
from Kansas then occupying seats on this floor
said that fifty miles was sufficient to give them
a connection at Topeka, or some other point
named by the honorable Senator, but he neg-
lected to state that although that motion was
made, and although it was sustained by the two
Senators then representing the State of Kansas,
the Senate voted down the proposition. The
Senate voted that fifty miles was not enough to
make the connection where the Senate intended
the connection should be made, and retained
the one hundred mile clause as it now stands
in both the laws of 1862 and 1864, So that
the only legal or logical inference that can be
drawn from the citation of facts made by that
Senator is that the Senate believed that an
eligible connection could not be made short of
one hundred miles, and that it probably could
be made within that limit.
But, Mr. President, the first material ques-
tion to be settled is, did Congress intend that
this "central branch" should have a connec-
tion with and be a part of the Union Pacific
railroad ? This, I think, is clearly settled by
the statutes. No one denies or can deny that
it is one of the branches provided for in both
the acts of 1862 and 1864; and the text of
these laws will show that Congress intended
that all the branches should be connected
directly or indirectly with the trunk line. I
read first from the twelfth section of the act
of 1862, whieh provides:
" The track upon the entire litre of railroad and
branches shall be of uniform width, to bedetermined
by the President of the United States, so that when
completed cars can be run from the Missouri river
u> th« Pacific coast."
I read again from section seventeen of the
same act, where forfeitures are provided:
"Provided, That if said roads are not completed
so as to form a continuous line of railroad, ready for
use, from the Missouri river to the navigable waters
of the Sacramento river, in California, by the 1st day
of July, 1876. the whole of all said railroads before
mentioned and to be constructed under the provis-
ions of this act. together with all their furniture,
"fixtures, rolling-stock, machine shops, lands, tene-
ments, and hereditaments, and property of every
hind and character, shall be forfeited to and be
taken possession of by the United States."
You will perceive, Mr. President, that it was
contemplated that each of these branches and
the trunk line should be constructed as one uni-
form road, furnishing a connection from each
point named on the Missouri river, by each
branch and the trunk line, to the navigable
waters of the Pacific; and it was provided that
if any of these companies failed to fulfill its
part of the engagement—that is, to build the
sections which it obligated itself to construct—
the whole of its property should be forfeited.
Thisprovision was incorporated in theamended
act of 1864. The first part of the fifteenth sec-
tion of that act reads as follows:
"That the several companies authorized to con-
struct the aforesaid roads are horeby required to oper-
ate and use said roads and telegraph forall purposes
of communication, travel, and transportation, so far
as the public and the Government are concerned, as
one continuous lino."
In order that this might be made more secure,
if possible, the following provision was incor-
porated in the law of 1862. I read now from
the ninth section of that act:
"And said railroad through Kansas shall be so lo-
cated between themouth of the Kansas river as afore-
said and the aforesaid point on the one hundredth
meridian of longitude, thattheseveral railroads from
Missouri and Iowa heroin authorized to connectwith
the same can make connection within the limits pre-
scribed in this act, provided the same can be done
without deviating from the general direction of the
whole line to the Pacific coast, the route in Kansas
west of the meridian of Port Riley to the aforesaid
point on the one hundredth meridian of longitude
to be subject to the approval of the President of the
United States, and to be determined by him on actual
survey. And said Kansas company may proceed to
build said railroad to the aforesaid point on the one
hundredth meridian of longitude west from Green-
wich, in the Territory of Nebraska."
That settles the question whether it was con-
templated at that time that the road might go
by the Smoky Hill river, which lies entirely in
the State of Kansas. Reading these two
clauses in connection shows plainly that the
intention was that the President of the United
States should so control the location of these
branches as to enable each one to form its
junction within the limits indicated in the law.
The specific direction of the statutes that these
branches and the trunk line should all con-
nect—the penalty annexed of forfeiture of
their whole property if they failed to connect
in such a way as to be used as one through
road from the Missouri to the Pacific—and the
authority with which the President is clothed
to compel a connection, seems to me to pre-
clude all cavil as to the right of this central
branch to a connection with the trunk line.
This being settled by the language of the
law itself, I come to the next pertinent ques-
tion to this discussion; and that is, how was
this connection intended to be seeured ? The
statute settles this also by providing that this
central branch road shall be so constructed as
to connect with the Union Pacific, eastern
division road, and by the use of the last-named
road connect with the trunk road on the one
hundredth meridian, at a point to be fixed by
the President of the United States, between
the southern border of the valley of the Re-
publican river and the northern border of the
valley of the Platte river. But this part of
the line of the eastern division road has not
been built. It is insisted, however, by honor-
able Senators in this discussion that this cen-
tral branch can nevertheless secure the contem-
plated connection by building thirty-five miles
over to the line of the Union Pacific railroad,
eastern division. But the Senator neglected to
state that that is itself a road ending out on the
plains, and has no connection whatever with
the Union Pacific railroad, and cannot have
without building at least four hundred miles of
road, as I think, judging from the appearance
of the map. If this central branch were to
construct the proposed thirty-five miles and
connect with the eastern division road on its
new line as now located, and follow it to its
present terminus, it would then be further from
an available connection with the trunk line
than its present terminus in the valley of the
Republican river. Not being able to secure
the contemplated connection with the trunk
road by diverging over to the line of the east-
ern division road as at present located, how
shall this connection be secured ? The statute
settles this question also.
The law provides, as recited by the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] that if any
company authorized to-build any part of this
trunk road or the branches should fail to do
so any other company complying with its con-
tract might proceed to build that omitted sec-
tion and enjoy the same privileges granted t 
the company failing to construct. Ibat is the
condition in which this company finds itself
situated to-day.
To form a through line from Atchison-to the
navigable waters of the Sacramento river four
companies are each authorized to build diffev-
ent sections of the line. This central branch
company was authorized to construct one hun-
dred miles; the eastern division, the section
lying between the west end of this one hundred
miles and the one hundredth meridian, a dis-
tance of something over two hundred miles to
the trunk road; the Union Pacific railroad, a
number of miles undetermined, stretching out
toward California ; and a California company,
an unnamed number of miles eastward, to form
a junction with the Union Pacific Railroad
Company's line. These four companies were
authorized to build differentparts of this through
line, including this branch. It was provided
that any one of them, the others failing, might
build the whole work. Three of them are build-
ing in good faith. The trunk line, it is believed,
will soon be completed. This central branch
road has built its proportion of the line. There
is a link left out. Now they claim that under
the law they have a right to proceed and build
that omitted link, to give them the contemplated
connection with the Union Pacific railroad.
This company make this claim because the law
says so; it says that if any company shall fail
to build the part assigned toit for construction
any other company authorized to build any part
of the whole work and completing its part
within the time stipulated in the law may pro-
ceed to construct the omitted section. The
law also provided that if they, fail to so build
and connect, so as to secure a through road,
they shall forfeit their whole interest to the
United States.
But the eastern .division company did not
construct the omitted links in this line up the
Republican river, because Congress in 1866
passed a law authorizing the eastern division
railroad company to change the location of its
