596
Till CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Januarf 211
division, to refile its map and to chaDge the
location of its road, I opposed iS, and I opposed
it because the persons who had invested in the
Harroibal and St. Joseph road, which 'is now
called the1 Central-Branch. Pacific railroad,
complained that if this map was refiled and the
location of the- road- changed they woiuld be
left in the wilderness and would suffer in tfreir
interests.- Now they come here-and claim-that
the law, as originally passed, gives them a right,
the route of that road- having been changed,
to make a contiection'with the main trunk of
the Union Paeifie railroad. It looks to me
like ah afterthought.
By the -ninth section of the act of July 1,
1862, the Union Pacific railroad, eastern divis-
ion's authorized to run its line from the mouth
of the Kansas river, by way of Topeka and
Lawrence, to the one hundredth meridian. By
the thirteenth section of the same act the Han-
nibal and St. Joseph company is authorized
to build its road for a hundred miles westward
to unite with this Union Pacific, eastern divis-
ion, on to go north and form a connection with
the main trunk of the Union Pacific railroad;
and it is stipulated expressly in the act that in
no ease shall they receive land grants and sub-
sidies for more than one hundred miles:
" But in no event shall lands or bonds be given to
said company, as herein directed, to aid in the con-
struction of their said road for a greater distance
than one hundred miles."
In a memorial which has been presented to
the Senate on this subject it is claimed that
whenever any one of these branches should
fail to make connection the other branches
were entitled to go forward and build the road
so as to make a connection with the main trunk
of the road. Now, sir, I can find nothing in
the law itself authorizing any such construc-
tion. In the twelfth section of the act of July
2, 1864, I find this:
" And if the Union Pacific Hailroad Company shall
not be proceeding in good faith to build the said
railroad through the Territories when the Leaven-
worth, Pawnee, and Western Railroad Company, now
known as the Union Pacifio KailroadCompany, east-
tern division, shall have completed their road to the
one hundredth degree of longitude, then the last-
named company may proceed to moke said road
westward until it meet3 and connects with the Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company on the same line."
That is, if the main trunk of the Union
Pacific railroad fails to proceed with the road
through the Territories, then this Union Pacific,
eastern division, may continue the road. There
is not a word in that section which authorizes
the .Hannibal and St. Joseph road to take up
and continue the road if the Union Pacific,
eastern division, should .fail to make the con-
nection.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow
me—I know he intends to be exactly right—
the privilege claimed is not found in the twelfth
section, but iu the sixteenth section.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Very well; I will refer to the sixteenth sec-
tion. I know they put great stress upon the
construction given to that sixteenth section by
their paid counsel, Judge Curtis. But, sir,
is there anything in the sixteenth section of
this act that will justify the construction which
their paid counsel puts upou it? Letnie read
it. I his sixteenth section authorizes a com-
bination 01- consolidation of these various rail-
road companies, and it goes on to say:
"And in case, upon the completion by such con-
solidated organization of the roads, or either of them,
of the companies so consolidated, any other of the
road or roads of either of the other companies au-
thorized as a.oresaid (-and forming, or intended or
necessary to form, a portion of a continuous line from
each of the several points on the Missouri river, here-
inbefore designated, to the Pacifio coast) shall not
nave constructed thenumberof miles of its said road
within the time herein required, such consolidated
organization is hereby authorized to continue ihe
o.onstiuc'ion of its road and telegraph in the general
dnoction and ronti> upon which such-incomplete or
uneonstrueted road is hereinbefore authorized to be
ouilt. until such continuation of the road of swh
consolidated organizationshall reach the constructed
road and teleeraph of said other company, and at
such point to connect ana unite therewith."
It is simply this, nothing more and nothing
le.^s; itiat several of these companies may con?
solidate into one company, and then, if any
one oftlie companiesfailin'g or tefusing toenter
into this consolidation shall not complete its
road, the consolidated comjjanTes may go for-
ward and complete that road: - ■ -
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My honorable friend
dotes not pay attention to another clause, which
provides that if one of the companies will not
consolidate then the other company may go
and do the same thing. That is the point in it.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Will the gentleman point it out? • •
Mr. DOOLITTLE.. Yes, sir. It-is on page
863 of the Statutes, just above the middle of it:
"And in case any company authorized thereto"—
What? To enter into the consolidation—
"shall notenterinto such consolidated organization,
such company, upon the completion of its road as
hereinbefore provided, shall bo entitled to and is
hereby a-uthomed to continue and extend the same
under the circumstances and in accordance with the
provisions of this section, and to havo all the bene-
fits thereof as fully and completely as are herein pro-
vided touching such consolidated organization."
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
They are to have all the privileges which the
original law allows them. Now, then, it rests
with the gentleman to prove that the original
law authorized the Hannibal and St. Joseph
company to. continue the road, if the eastern
division should fail to make the connection.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the east-
ern division was authorized to go up and have
lands and bonds all the way to the one hun-
dredth meridian. The central branch was to
go out onehundred miles, expectingto cotinect
there with the eastern division, and then this
law comes in and provides that if the eastern
division turns off down toward New Mexico
the central branch may take up the line of
march and go to the one hundredth meridian.
That is the snbstance of it.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
do not so understand it. Furthermore, if that
was the interpretation, why does not this com-
pany accept of that condition? I have no
objection to their making a connection with
the main branch. I only object to their com-
ing here and asking a land grant and a subsidy
of $16,000 a mile for the continuation of this
road, when the original law said they should
receive the subsidy and the land grant for only
one hundred miles, and they have got the full
amount specified.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will answer the honor-
able Senator that question. He asks, why do
they not go on under the law? That involves
a law suit which would take at least two or
three years to determine. They must first
apply to the Secretary of the Interior, and if
he refuses to give them the lands anrl bonds
they must then apply to the supreme court of
the District of Columbia for a mandamus to
compel it to be done. The litigation will go on
therebetween the parties interested, which will
delay the thing for a year or two. There may
then be an appeal from that decision to the
Supreme Court of the United States; and we
know that when a case goes on the docket of
that court it must stay there two years in its
natural order before it can be reached; and
here are three.or four years gone before the
thing can come to a determination in the courts.
Mr. PATTERSON,of New Hampshire. Mr.
President, that is not the point. The point is
not whether this Hannibal and St. Joseph road
or central branch shall make connection with
the main trunk. It is whether they shall
receive this land grant and this subsidy for
making that connection.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. They claim, and I under-
stand their counsel has given them to believe,
that under the law as it stands, and to which
I have referred, they are legally authorized to
do it ; but what tlicy ask is that they may be
permitted to connect with the main line sixty
miles nearer, to avoid a litigation of four or
five years, so far as they are concerned, and to
avoid, so far as the Government is concerned,
should the litigation be decided in favor of the
company, the payment of bonds and lands for
about sixty miles further than they will be
granted under the pending bill. So it is econ-
omy to the Government, am'tf avoids litigation
totne company. • •
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire'.
Then we are to understand from the gentle>
man that this company come here to ask that
the privileges which they have by the law now
be taken from them. Is that what they are
here for, to have land grants and subsidies
taken from them which the original law allows
them ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. They ask leave, instead
of going to the one hundredth meridian, to join
the main road at Port Kearny, which is sixty
miles nearer, and, as a matter of eourse, the
Government will not be required to grant them
lands and bonds for the sixty miles between
Port Kearny and the one hundredth meridian.
They want, to go on and get the connection.
'The very thing for which they ever went into
this operation was -to be a branch of the Pacific
railroad. How can they be a branch of the
Pacific railroad and not touch the Pacific rail-
road ?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
hope the Senator will allow me to finish my
remarks. By the original law of 1862 the
Union Pacific, eastern division, was authorized
to file its map and locate its road at any time
within three years, and it could change the
filing of its map or the location of its road at
any time within that period. By the thirteenth
section of that law the Hinnibal and St. Joseph
Company is authorized to build its road from
the Missouri river one hundred miles west-
ward and make connection either with the main
branch of the Union Pacific or with the eastern
division of the Union Pacific. The time having
expired within which the eastern division could
refile its map and change the direction of its
road, that company came to Congress and asked
permission to change the direction of its road
from the Republican to the Smoky Hill route,
and that privilege was granted ; and now this
company comes here and asks permission to
continue its road one hundred and fifty miles-
and'to have a land grant made to it and sub-
sidies of $16,000 a mile granted to it to build
that road, while the original law said explicitly
that it should have only the subsidy and the
land grant for one hundred miles. The law
was explicit in that matter. What they want
is to enlarge this outpouring of money from
the public Treasury for their benefit.
Mr. President, the other day we refused to
give $7,000 to a lady who came here and
claimed it, when it had been taken from her
by the authority of the United States Govern-
ment. There was 110 question that her prop-
erty had been taken. Here is, at best, a doubt-
ful claim. In my mind there is but little doubt
about it; but in the minds of some there is a
doubt. We are asked to pay out of the public
Treasury, when it is burdened and our people
are weighed down by taxation, 52,400.000, and
to burden the industry of this country to that
extent, and to put off the day of the payment
of our public indebtedness. Sir, I think our
duty to our constituents requires us to look
well to the foundations of this claim. I believe
there is nothing whatever in the law requiring
us to make this payment, and I am confident,
indeed I know, that at the time the subject
came into the House of Representatives that
was the understanding of the parties who
deemed themselves injured by the change of
the direction of the Union Pacific, eastern di-
vision; and I voted with them, because some
of them are my friends, and I should be sorry
in any way to injure their interests or to do
them harm. They understood that the change
of direction cut them off from any right of con-
nection, with subsidies and land grants, with the
main branch of the Union Pacific; and now, sir,
though 1 should be glad to accommodate them,
my sense of duty to my constituents and the
country leads me to vote against this claim.
Mr.-POMEROY. Mr.President, I shall not
spend any time in making an argument on this
bill, because I suppose it does not need it, and
if it <Jid sufficient argument has been already
made. But some questions of fact have been
