1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
597
brought into the discussion) in which I have
been referred to, that I desire briefly to correct.
The Senator from New York, [Mr. Conklikg,]
in his argument yesterday, stated that it was
designed in 1862, when- the original law was
passed, and that I supported such an amend-
ment to limit the extent of this branch to fifty
miles. That was so: but the Senate thought
differently, and voted the amendment down.
Mr. CONKLING. I did notstate any such
thing. I would not interrupt, the Senator if
he did not misstate irj' position. I did not refer
to any such amendment; Ireferred simplyto the
amendmentinserting the words "via Atchison."
Mr. POMEEOY. The Senator referred—I
have his words before me—to the amendment
offered by Mr. Clark, limiting the subsidy to
Sifty miles, and that was supported, he said, by
the Senators from Kansas, Mr. Lane and Mr.
Pomeroy. The Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Har-
lan,] in his remarks this morning, has alluded
to that subject and given the history of it as
everybody understands it. The then Senator
from California, Mr. McDougall, sitting beside
me, opposed the motion to limit it to one hun-
dred miles, and the Senate sustained it by a
vote of 22 for it and 17 against it; so that,
whatever might have been the choice of the
Senators from Kansas on the passage of that
bill, it was overruled by the Senate, and the
distance was left at one hnndred miles.
Now, sir, as a question has arisen between
the Senator from New York and myself in
regard to the distance from Atchison to the
Republican valley at Clifton, in a straight line,
I beg leave to call the attention of the Senate
to the official facts from the map used by the
Senator himself. This map is official; one of
the surveyed maps made by Mr. Ream, who
was then a clerk in the surveyor general's
office. The first standard parallel, which he
ran himself, or assisted in running, starts from
Atchison and runs directly west, and strikes
this town of Clifton on the Republican river,
within half a section. It is just nineteen town-
ships from Atchison to Clilton on the Repub-
lican river. Six times nineteen are one hun-
dred and fourteen miles. I said in my remarks
a year ago that it would not exceed fifteen
miles beyond the distance of onehuudred
miles, and the Senator from New York says
it is over fifty. The misunderstanding between
the Senator and myself grows out ot this fact:
I was speaking of the distance in a straight
line, and the Senator was speaking of the
meandering course of a railroad. \\ith^his
view of the matter the Senator from New
York is clcarly right. But when I was speak-
ing of the distance I meant the distance in a
straight line, and that is one hundred and
fourteen miles, or, perhaps, one hundred and
fifteen miles. So that the statement which I
made a year ago was not only substantially,
but accurately correct with the view which I
then had in speaking of the distance from
Atchison to the Republican river in a straight
line, as it was intended when this bill passed
Congress, after they voted down the amend-
ment to limit it to fifty miles, and extended
it to one hundred, From that time it has
been the intention of the parties connected
with this road that the connection should be
in the Republican valley, at or near Clifton,
which is exactly one hundred and fourteen or
one hundred and fifteen miles from Atchison;
but it was put in "one hundred miles," be-
cause the valley of the Republican is a very
wide valley, and that was practically near
enough for a connection, because the railroads
do not follow the banks of the river. It is tim-
ber there. They are always in the valley, on
what is called the second bottom, as near the
bluffs as they can go. That valley is some
seven miles wide, so that practically the pon-
ncction, as the bill originally stood, was within
the distance allowed by law, and there would
have been no complaint.
The Senator from New York sa>s further—
I read from the Globe of to-day—
"Their western terminus now is Irving.5'
The fact is it is Waterville, some eight or ten
miles from Irving up the Blue :
"If Senators will take tho trouble to consult the
map. they wiil see that a valley runs from Irving to
Manhattan."
There is the valley of the Bine from Irving
to Manhattan, but instead of being west, it is
east of south. The road is already built up to
the meridian of Fort Riley, which is seventeen
miles further west than Manhattan :
"I understood it to bo stated in this Chamber at
the last session—I have not looked at the report of
debates, and therefore I will not make tho allega-
tion—but I understood it to bo stated that it-was over
sixty miles from tho existing western terminus of tho
eastern division to Manhattan or Junction City. I
could not then deny, I felthaidly at liberty to doubt,
that statement. Now, having passed over tho ground,
I am able to doubt it, and prudently to say to the
Senate that thirty-five miles ot railroad from tho
western existing terminus will give tho claimants a
connection, at Junction City, at Fort Kiloy, ot Man-
hattan, as they please, less than thirty-five miles at
Manhattan and thirty-five miles at Junction City."
If the Senator has passed over that, ground
from the western terminus of this road since
the subject was up in debate before, it is a mys-
tery to me. I was living there all summer, and
I did not hear of the Senator's going over this
ground. I heard of his going up the Kansas
valley, forty or fifty miles from this' road, on
the ear;, at the rate of twenty or thirty miles
an hour ; but that he could have passed over
this ground, forty miles distant from that road,
and hence knows from experience that the dis-
tance is greater than was represented, is not
only new but surprising to me. I have the
map before me, and the distance in a straight
line from the terminus of this road to Fort
Riley is exactly forty-Iwo miles. There is no
traveled road and no railroad that con be made
within forty-two miles. I think perhaps a rail-
road might be made within fifty miles. Forty-
two miles is the exact distance in a straight
line. My own opinion is that by making an
exact right angle fifty miles would reach the
valley of the Kansas and make a connection
with the eastern division of the Union Pacific
railroad. But to do that there must be an
exact right angle, because tho road is now built
to an exact parallel with Fort Riley west. It
would not be for the public interest to build
the road in that way ; it would be ruinous to
the road ; it would be a measure that no one
understanding either railroads or the country
could recommend. I have never known a rail-
road going west to make an exact right angle
and turn south.
I do not care to pursue this subject. These
are merely technical inaccuracies. I have no
feeling about it, but I wanted to show that the
remarks which I had previously made were
substantially correct. _ The proposed grant of
subsidy to this railroad is based precisely on this
ground : it is believed that this company have
equitable if not legal rights, i remember the
argument of the Senator trom Maryland, (Mr.
Johnson,) now abroad, at great length on this
subject at the last session, in which I thought he
made a clear statement that their rights were
perfect in the law, and he said in so many words
that he was surprised that the Secretary of the
Interior did not so regard it. My own opinion
in regard to that would not be valuable, but
that their equities are strong, commanding,
equal to law itself, is controlling with me. _ I
would just as lief have a good case of equity
before the people of this country as to have a
law. Some men say that our bonds are not in
the law required to be paid in gold; but those
who hold them believe they have an equitable
requirement, because that, was the understand-
ing, that the parties who negotiated them let
them take them with that understanding; and
I say now I would as lief have an understand-
ing, fair and honest, before the American
people as to have a law. ^
I know a State in this Union that ran its
indebtedness beyond what the Constitution
allowed. The constitution said their State in-
debtedness should never exceed so much, and
yet the Legislature, by appropriation, did ex-
ceed it in building thsir State capitol. A party
undertook to repudiate it, but when the ques-
tion was submitted to the people, they said good
faith required that they should live up to those
contracts although they wore against law, and
the party that tried to repudiate those obliga-
tions went into oblivion. I say now* that the
American people will be just to good faith, to
what was the understanding between the parties
at the time the contract was made. Technical-
ities and legal quibbles will not be sustained
by the people of any State in this Union. All
1 have to say is that it is believed in my State
that good faith toward these parties, under the
law, and considering the manner in which they
have constructed this road, entitles them to a
connection at the point where they desire to
make it.
Let me say, also, that no criticism has ever
been made about this road. You have had
reports that other roads were not made cor-
rectly. The parties building this road have
not been subject to criticism on that point.
They never lost a bridge or a culvert. Their
road is of such a character that no one has
ever questioned it. That accounts for the fact
that they spent $32,000 a mile upon it, as their
sworn statements show. But, sir, being anx-
ious for a vote, 1 will not pursue the argument
further.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. President, this is a
bill to give to a railroad corporation, established
for individual profit and gain, the bonds of the
United States Government, bearing six per
cent, interest, for £16,000 for each mile of
railroad constructed, and to the extent of one
hundred and fifty miles, making altogether the
sum of 32,400,000; and this in addition to its
very liberal grant of land. One hundred and
fifty miles is an extent as great as can be con-
structed during the present year, but if Con-
gress shall make this grant there is nothing to
prevent the company from obtaining a similar
subsidy next year, or in any following year
until the road shall reach the Pacific; for as
long as Congress will give, railroad corpora-
tions will apply, as it is much more convenient
and agreeable to wealthy shareholders for tho
public Treasury to furnish the money to con-
struct their roads than to advance it from their
own private fortunes. In view of the present
condition of our finances and the heavy taxa-
tion required to meet the current expenses of
the Government and the interest on the public
debt, Congress ought not, in my opinion, to
entertain a proposition of this kind. An indi-
vidual loaded with debt which he finds himself
troubled in meeting will naturally put off all
expenditures save those of absolute necessity
until his indebtedness falls within his ability.
Why should not the representatives of the
people do likewise? I cannot vote for this bill,
nor can I vote for any like measure, nor indeed
for any measure that takes money from the
Treasury, unless in pursuance ot an existing
law, or unless required for the credit or for the
honor of the Government.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion i3 on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. CoitBETT.]
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the amendment of
the honorable Senator from Oregon will be
rejected, not so much because I object seriously
to the principle embraced in it, but because it
is wanting in analogy to the measure itself and
to the whole system of Pacific railroad legisla-
tion now existing upon our statute-books.
I support the present bill, Mr. President,
because I religiously believe that justice^ and
equity require its passage, for in my opinion it
is only carrying out fairly the assurances of the
Government given to this company in previous
legislation. Of this I cannot entertain a doubt.
I vote for the bill upon the same principle that
if I were a chancellor I would decide a case in
equity in favor of the party asking lelief. In
brief, I vote for it because I honestly believe
that we have held out by our legislation assur-
ances to this company which we are bound in
honor and in justice to keep good and in lull
faith. To leave them in their present eondi-
