598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January
tion is to withdraw from them those assurances
and the benefits which they had a right under
the statute to claim at our hands, as I believe.
The honorable Senator from New York yes-
terday, in the elaborate argument which he
presented to the Senate, with all the grace and
gravity of which he is so eminently a master,
told the Senate and the country that one ground
upon which this bill was supported was:
"That the corporation for whieh the subsidy is pro-
posed acquired by act of Congress the right to build
a railroad where one has been built, and by so
building—
That is, building exactly between the two
termini of the present finished road—
"toreach and enjoy" a connection with the main trunk
railroad to the Pacific ocean."
But the honorable Senator stating, as lie
endeavored to do, the proposition clearly and
conclusively, characterizes it as follows ; that
is, I understand the honorable Senator as deny-
ing that our legislation gave to the Hannibal
and St. Joseph Railroad Company, in other
words, the present central branch, a right to
form a connection with the Kansas road, that
is, the eastern division. If I misunderstood
the honorable Senator, he will have the good-
ness to correct me.
Mr. CONKLING. I would not venture to
interrupt the Senator but by his invitation. He
did entirely misunderstand me, and I can state
in a word, if he wishes me to do so, what my
position was.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; if I misunder-
stood the Senator, then I stand corrected.
Mr. CONKLING. Precisely what I stated
was this: that the amendment "via Atchison"
was placed in the bill upon the declarations at
the time, all around, that its purpose was to
direct and restrain the course of the road, so
that it should make its connection with the
eastern division, but make it east of the merid-
ian of Fort Riley, and Topeka was the place
there referred to.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, it is of
very little use, as the experience of the hon-
orable Senator will demonstrate, to refer to the
debates in a legislative body for the purpose
of giving a construction to the acts which it
passes. There is no source of information or
enlightenment so deceptive, so uncertain, as
legislative debates. I therefore discard en-
tirely all interpretation arising from the debates
in the body, and should always, as I do now,
feel myself bound only by the enacted statutes
and by the proper legal construction to be given
to them.
Now, sir, the central branch indubitably, by
the very language of the statute, had an un-
doubted right to form a connection with the
eastern division, whether the distance of one
hundred miles along which it received its cash
subsidies and lands reached that connection or
not. They had a right to form a connection, and
it is because they have been practically deprived
of the enjoyment and benefit of that right that
this bill has been brought before the Senate.
The thirteenth section of the act of 1862 de-
clares :
" That the Ilannibal and St. Joseph Railroad Com-
pany of Missouri may extend its road l'rom St. Jo-
seph via Atchison, to connect and unite with the
road through Kansas."
That has never been repealed, and stands as
the law to-day. It has that right. It was given
the company by the act of incorporation of the
Pacific Railroad Company of 1862. At that
time, as is well known, what is now called the
Eastern Division of the Pacific Railroad Com-
pany had projected its route from a point on
the Missouri river near Leavenworth, up the
Republican river, the Republican fork, so-
called. If gentlemen will make inquiry in the
Department of the Interior they will discover
a copy of the original map of the company.
When the act of 1862, therefore, was passed it
was passed in reference to that projected line
up the Republican fork. In proof of this let
me cite for the attention of Senators the ninth
section of the act of 1862. Its language is:
" And in case the general route or line of road from
the Mif-souri river to the Rooky mountains should be
so located as to require a departure northwardly
from the proposed lineof saidKansas railroad before
it reaches the meridian of longitude aforesaid," &c.
Showing that Congress at that time were
cognizant of the fact that there was a projected
line of road in existence known as the line of
what is now the Eastern Division of the Pacific
Railroad Company, and that that line, accord-
ing to its map, ran up the Republican fork. It
was with that line that this charter in its thir-
teenth section authorized the central branch to
connect itself. That right, by subsequent legis-
lation, by the act of 1866, has been practically
and for all beneficial purposes taken away
from this company, although by the sixteenth
section of the act of 1864, amendatory of the
original charter of 1862, it is declared that—
" In case any company authorized thereto shall not
enter into such consolidated organization, such com-
pany, upon thecompletion of its road as hereinbefore
provided, shall be entitled to, and is hereby author-
ized to continue and extend the same under the
circumstances, and in accordance with theprovisions
of this section, and to have all the benefits thereof,
as fully and completely as are herein"—
That is, in this act, and not, as inferred by
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire,
in the act of 1862—
"herein provided touching such consolidated organ-
ization."
Whether the opinion of the Secretary of the
Interior in withholding from the central branch
its lands and bonds upon the passage of the act
of the 3d of July, 1866, was correct or incor-
rect, I shall not stand here to argue. It is
sufficient for me to be convinced that here was
a bona fide assurance held out to the central
branch that it should have the privilege of
forming a connection with the eastern divis-
ion, and thus a connection with the main stem
of the Union Pacific Railroad Company from
Omaha westward to the Pacific ocean. As
this company has been deprived of this privi-
lege, I propose to make the damage to them
good so far as I reasonably can, and I think
the present bill is a reasonable approach to
such an indemnification.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have felt
desirous to receive light on this subject from
others, and I will state in a few words the light
as it strikes my mind that I have received upon
it. According to my reading of the act of July
1, 1862, the eastern division of the Union
Pacific railroad was to be located between the
southern margin of the Republican fork and
the northern margin of the Plattefork, in the
now State of Nebraska. I admit that there is
something in the act of 1862 which gives a
pledge to ail concerned that the general lineof
the eastern division of the Pacific railroad shall
be located between the southern margin of the
Republican fork and the northern margin
of the Platte river, situated in the State of
Nebraska.
The gentlemen who advocate this bill here
concede that there is no legal obligation upon
Congress to pass it, but, in the language of the
honorable Senator from Michigan and others,
they contend that there is a strong equity that
binds the Senate morally to pass the measure
now under consideration. I have not reached
that conclusion, for reasons which I will briefly
state. As I understand the Senator from Michi-
gan and the Senator from Kansas, if the east-
ern division of the Union Pacific railroad had
been located along the Republican fork, it
would have fulfilled any pledge, express or
implied, that was given by the act of 1862 to the
company who are interested in the present
measure or any other company or individual.
If that be true what cause of complaint in jus-
tice or equity have the company who are inter-
ested in the pending measure ? Their cause of
complaint is simply this, according to their
own showing: the act of 1862, they say, located
the line of the eastern division of the Union
Pacific railroad in the valley of the Republican
fork 
Mr. HOWARD. The act of 1862 recog-
nized that location as one already established
by the company.
Mr. DAVIS. That is my proposition, and
it is the reading of the law of 1862, as I uniec."
stand it, and I have just read it. Then, if the*®
is a departure from the line upon the Repub-
lican fork, and the present central branch com-
pany located their road with a view to a union
with the line running along the Republiean
fork, and they have been balked or defeated
in carrying out that intention, to that extent
they have an equitable claim upon Cougress,
and to no other extent whatever. I understand
that there are two branches of the eastern line
of the Pacific railroad located. One is called
theOmahajbranch; thatis,thenorthernbranch;
and the other is now called the Smoky .Hill
branch.
This central branch, as it is termed, is an
intervening branch, whose object was when
its charter was passed to unite with the more
southern branch, or that branch which they
expected to pass up the valley of the Repub-
lican fork. The complaint of this corporation;
and their friends on this floor is, that they were
defeated or balked in their purpose of uniting
their road with the line of the eastern division
that was to run along the valley of the Repub-
lican fork, and that they were defeated by the
line of that company being changed from the
Republican fork to the Smoky Hill fork; I
think those are the facts and premises that
will enable the Senate to comprehend the full
equity and all the equity of the company which
is now making complaint. Their original ob-
ject was to get to the eastern division of the
Union Pacific railroad that would pass along
the valley of the Republican fork. By the
action of the directory and of the power that
controlled that road, the intimation from the
law and from their surveys that they intended
to locate their road along the Republican fork
has been modified by a change,of the road to
the Smoky Hill fork and to its fixed location
along the valley of that fork.
Now, what do I understand to be the object
of the present bill, and of the present direct-
ory of what is called the central branch line?
They want to change their original purpose of
uniting with the Republican fork road, and to
unite with the Omaha branch; and they say
that the transfer of the route from the Repub-
lican fork to the Smoky Hill fork gives to them
an equity upon Congress to enable them to
unite with the Omaha branch, although they
did not contemplate any such union originally.
I say that no such equity as this arises upon
the facts; no such equity as this arises upon
the legislation which the honorable gentlemen
have presented to the Senate as having been
heretofore adopted by Congress. On the con-
trary, the whole of the equity they have, all
that they have a pretext to claim, is to give
them aid to reach the road that they expected
to run up the Republican fork along its line
up the Smoky Hill fork. I concede to gentle-
men on their own facts, their own premises,,
their own principles of legislation, that they
have a right to an equity, growing out of the
fact that this legislation was not consummated
in the location of the roads, as the present
company expected it would be by the transfe#
of the line from the Republican fork to thfe
Smoky Hill fork. Concede all that to be true,
and that an equity arises in favor of the cen-
tral branch company upon that state of fact,
the utmost limit of that equity is to enable this
company to reach the southern branch, which
they expected to run up the Republican fork
at its new location in the Smoky Hill fork.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Sen-
ator will allow me to interrupt him for a, mo-
ment, I think that in the statement which he
makes of this matter there are two very mate-
rial omissions: first, the purpose of the central
branch was not to run any railroad up in the
direction of the Smoky Hill fork, which does
not go to the main line of the Pacific railroad
at all. It goes off to New Mexico. That is
the way it points. But the original purpose
was to unite with the Union Pacific railroad
upon the one hundredth meridian, and. the
mode of union was by connecting with the rOad
