1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
603
ducted upon the statutes of the United States
or upon the mere purposes of a company in
violation of the law. The act of 1866, which
is claimed to be the equitable foundation for
this bill, aud which it is attempted to make the
Senate understand to be an authority to the
eastern division to continue to go southwest
and to terminate nowhere, as the Senator from
Indiana says, declares this:
" That said company"—
Referring to the eastern division—
"shall connect their line of railroad and telegraph
with the Union Pacific railroad, but not at a point
more than fifty miles westwardly from the meridian
of Denver, in Colorado."
The law therefore has spoken under which
this eastern division company is now receiving
its bonds as far as the law has given them to
it. that it shall connect with the Union Pacific
railroad at a point not more than fifty miles
west of the meridian of Denver. Now, are we
to legislate upon the presumption that that
company is greater than we are ; that it can set
at defiance the laws of the United States, under
which it receives its grants of money and land,
and to build up a kind of imaginary equity in
favor of this claim upon the theory that we
cannot by law enforce obedience to our own
statutes ? I should be glad to hear from the
Senator from Indiana upon that point. The
law declares, in language which is not open to
misconstruction, that this eastern division is
still a branch of the great Union Pacific rail-
road, and it declares that instead of diverging
in one direction, on account of typographical
difficulties, to the northward to reach that con-
nection, it may bend to the southward to reach
it, and names the point within which it must
reach it or forfeit all the franchises, the lands,
and grants, we have given to it, which, I take
it, the Senator from Indiana will agree, will
be the legal consequence if that road fails in
obedience to the act of Congress to make that
connection.
What then, sir ? Then we have merely the
i'.ict that these two roads are still branches of
thai great line, one having a right to connect
with the other, and that instead of the eastern
division line being a line indefinitely to the
southwest, going nowhere and connecting with
nothing, we have had merely a temporary and
local divergence, on account of obstacles, to
reach a common point after all.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the position
taken by the Senator from Vermont occurs to
me as an afterthought in this discussion. The
discussion of the last session, and the early
part of this discussion was not conducted upon
the expectation that the branch starting from
Kansas would unite with the Omaha branch
at any point. I have seen the maps of the
eastern division. I have seen their projected
route, and I know it leads down through New
Mexico, and does not contemplate a union with
the Omaha branch atall. I am aware of the
statute referred to; but I am speaking of the
purpose of that company, aud if I mistake not
they have their bill prepared; and the diver-
gence that has already been made has been
made with a view of getting a southern route;
and it is urged upon the ground that the north-
ern route cannot be successful, that it will ever
be impeded by snow, and that the great route
must be the southern route. Sir, this discus-
sion was conducted at the last session upon
this supposition, and now, for the first time, I
understand that a new diversion has been
made.
Mr. RAMSEY. I want to ask the Senator
from Indiana whether he has not mistaken the
northern for the central route ? He means that
the central route is interrupted by snow.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir; I spoke of the
eastern division running down through New
Mexico. I understand the northern route is
to start from St. Paul; but that is as yet on
paper.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This brings us to a sin-
gular position of affairs. The honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana confesses, if I correetly un-
derstand him, that the law under which this
eastern division company is operating requires
it to connect with the Union Pacific railroad
substantially at Denver, or not more than fifty
miles west of it. Of course we are all aware
that Denver is a little way to the south of the
line of the Union Pacific, but for practical and
general purposes, and "for short," as the say-
ing is, it is sufficient to say at Denver.
Mr. SHERMAN. Denver is not south of
the line of this road.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand that; I am
speaking of the main line of the Union Pa-
cific, with which this bylaw is to connect. In
the neighborhood of Denver, therefore, the
eastern division—which is the cause of all these
gentlemens' woe—is bound to connect with the
Union Pacific, and its right to every dollar of
bonds that it has received, its right to every
acre of lands that has been granted to it, its
right to every franchise that the act of Con-
gress has breathed into it, rests upon the fact
that it complies with the requisitions of this
charter that is contained in the statute, and
when it fails to comply with that charter, its
rights are forfeited to the United States. No-
body questions that.
Now, then, the Senator from Indiana says
that we are to give this money to this central
branch on account of a suspected or contem-
plated illegal violation of law by the eastern
division company, or on account of the fear
that he has in advance that the company will
persuade Congress to give it some other privi-
lege to go in some other direction. Mr. Pres-
ident, is not that leaping a little before the
Senator comes to the stile ? It seems to me
that it is. We find here in the very act that is
complained of', and which is the entire founda-
tion of this argument, such as it is, in favor
of giving this company anything, the express
and unequivocal requirement that this diverg-
ence shall not be a complete divergence ; that
it shall only be a variation of the lino, reach-
ing at last to the same common point that was
contemplated in the original act, except that
it reaches it by way of what is called the
Smoky Hill fork instead of the Republican
fork. It is still a branch of the Union Pacific
railroad, reaching it by a distance not greater
than would have been required if it had gone
to the north of the Smoky Hill instead of to
the south. And then, according to the state-
ment of the Senator from Indiana—and he
has put it fairly—we are to give this money
upon the mere apprehension that we shall be
wheedled or persuaded or argued into some
future legislation which may be of detriment to
this company. As the law stands now the
eastern division is to go where it was to go in
the first place, except that it is to take a little
different line of route to reach the point that
it was to reach before.
My friend says that this is an afterthought.
Suppose it is, sir ; a good many afterthoughts
are better than forethoughts, I will remind my
friend. The question is, is it right upon the
law? But permit me to say that it is not an
afterthought. This same fact was called to the
attention of the Senate in the debate last year,
unless my recollection is very much in error
about it. Now, I ask the attention of candid
Senators to the statute which is the subject of
this complaint.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator to
allow me to remind him of one fact. Not only
is he right in saying that the attention of the
Senate was drawn last year to the very connec-
tion proposed, but the bill which was adopted
by the Senate in reference to the eastern divis-
ion, fixing and extending its route, was advo-
cated in the Senate, and passed in the Senate,
because of the argument that it would furnish
and insure more perfectly the very connection
which this amendment now proposes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I dare say that the hon-
orable Senator from New York is correct,
though I have not looked back at the debates.
It is sufficient for me at tliis present time to say
that the very act of which these people com-
plain as authorizing a divergence from them
which would not enabla them by connccting
with the eastern division line to reach the Union
Pacific at all, absolutely and unequivocally
requires the eastern division to connect with
the Union Pacific railroad at a point as near
by the route they have gone as it would have
connected had it gone up the Republican fork.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, it is pos-
sible—I shall not question the statement of the
Senator from New York on that point—that
this law was alluded to in the discussion of
last session ; but it did not constitute the force
of the point of his argument then, and I am
correct in the statement that it is now brought
into this discussion as an afterthought. When
the equity in favor of this bill cannot be over-
come in any other way, and it is overwhelming
upon the facts of the case, that is brought in
as an afterthought and as the only answer which
can be made, and a technical one at that, to
the equity in favor of this bill. Why, Mr.
President, the purpose of that eastern division
to divert their road and run down through New
Mexico and find a southern route to the Pacific
is so notorious and so well understood that I
am astonished to hear it controverted on this
floor. They have presented the merits of then-
route to me, as I doubt not they have to every
Senator upon this floor, and I understand from
their own officers, attorneys, and representa-
tives where they intend to build their road ;
and now I am told at the very close of this
discussion that this road, after all, is to connect
with the branch running west from Omaha,
and this is to make but a slight diversion or
angle not at all material to the company. Sir,
it is an afterthought.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Indi-
ana is no more astonished, to use his expres-
sion, than others are astonished at the position
that he takes now, and I ask attention to it
for a moment in connection with this amend-
ment. He says the amendment would give
the claimants no assurance of a connection
with the Union Pacific railroad. Why? Be-
cause the eastern division mean to go some-
where else. It is the same eastern division
originally bound by law to go to the Union
Pacific road. It is bound by the same law
in the same terms now which bound it then.
How does the Senator find that the insecurity
is any greater now of its reaching the Union
Pacific road than it would be had the law been
left to apply to the route which it at first pro-
posed.
Again, sir, the Senator says he is astonished
that anybody should now argue as an after-
thought that in fact such a connection can be
made. Does that honorable Senator know that a
railroad is now graded all the way from Denver
to Cheyenne, and half the ties down, which is
certain to be completed? Does he know that
by the legislation of the Senate the route of the
eastern division road has been extended to
Cheyenne Wells, which leaves a gap no greater
than there is between the western termination
of the claimants' road and the Republican val-
ley? If he does, we may well be astounded at
him for saying, whether an afterthought or not,
that this is not a fair and tangible proposition.
One other suggestion, sir. The honorable
Senator from Kansas says it would be suicidal
to turn a right angle and go down to Fort Riley.
Why? Is the local trade there, where there
are nothing but buffalo and antelope, valuable ?
Are they going to lose local travel by going
here rather than there to traverse forty miles?
Everybody knows better than that. Settle-
ments follow the railroad route. Bat when
they have turned their right angle and gone
forty-two miles they are then confessedly one
hundred and thirty-four miles nearer their
prayed-for destination than they would be by
the other route. Their passengers then reach
the grand trunk to the Pacific by riding one
hundred and thirty-four miles less than they
would have done going up the Republican fork.
Then what difference, I should like to know,
does it make in an unsettled country where
settlement is to follow the railroad whether
the angle they turn is a right angle or an oblique
angle, whether they go a little more or a little
