1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
607
may enter a motion to recommit this bill with
instructions to the committee to make the sec-
ond section apply to male pensioners as well
as to female pensioners.
Mr. PERHAM. When that section shall be
reached it will be subject to discussjon and
amendment. At the proper time JT will be
willing to yield to any gentleman .to ask any
question in relation to any sectic^jj of this bill.
The Committee on Invalid Pensions believe
that every section of this bill is proper and
necessary.
I desire to say further, however, that I am
acting under the instruction of the committee.
Believing as they do that this bill should pass
at an early day, I cannot yield to allow mate-
rial amendments to be offered to it. If mem-
bers are anxious to offer other amendments,
the only way for them to do so is to vote down
the call for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The only matter now
before the House is the additional section pro-
posed by the committee.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Perham] yield to me for a moment?
Mr. PERHAM. I will yield for a question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I desire to know
the purpose of reporting this second section.
The SPEAKER. The second section is not
now before the House. The debate must be
confined to the last section offered as an amend-
ment from the committee.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I intend to move an
amendment to the last section whenever I can
get an opportunity to do so.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, whatever
may have been the understanding of the Chair,
it was distinctly understood here, being so
announced by the gentleman from Maine", [Mr.
Perham,] that his first object was to get through
with the amendments reported from the com-
mittee. We did not suppose that there would
then be a refusal to allow the offering of other
amendments.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] that
he entirely misconceives the position of this
bill. The last amendment reported by the
committeebeing a new section is still pending.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I want to offer an
amendment to that section.
The SPEAKER. The amendments reported
by the committee have not yet been disposed
of. The bill will not be open to general amend-
ment until all the amendments reported by the
committee have been acted on.
Mr. SCHENCK. That I did not under-
stand.
Mr. PERHAM. I demand the previous
question upon the pending amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understood the gentle-
man to indicate that he would yield to me to
ask a question.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Perham] withdraw the demand
for the previous question?
Mr. PERHAM. I do not.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to move an
amendment to this last section, to extend the
limitation from 1872 to 1875. Will the gentle-
man from Maine yield for that purpose ?
Mr. PERHAM. No, sir.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I hope the House
will vote down the demand for the previous
question.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, there were—ayes 41, noes 41; no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Perham and Mr.
Ingersoll.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 60, noes 65.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. Ingersoll obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the pending bill goes over until
the next morning hour.
BBIDGES ACROSS THE OHIO.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, ThattheCommitteeon Roads and Canals,
for the purpose of acquiring information on the sub-
jeetof bridge building over the Ohio river, are hereby
authorized to send for persons and papers.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. LYNCH. I now call up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill (H. R.
No. 1364) to provide for the gradual resump-
tion of specie payments was recommitted to
the Committee on Banking and Currency.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to go to business
on the Speaker's table.
The S PEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Allison] rises to a privileged motion,
and moves to proceed to business on the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. LYNCH. I rise to a question of order.
On obtaining the floor this morning I asked
unanimous consent that the business of the
morning hour might proceed, and that I should
have the floor upon this bill immediately after
the morning hour, without interruption by any
privileged motion. The House gave unani-
mous consent to that arrangement; and after
the House has given its unanimous consent
that I should go on without being interrupted
by any privileged motion, I ask the Chair
whether it is in order to make a privileged
motion such as that made by the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Allison ?]
The SPEAKER. If the House had granted
unanimous consent that the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Lynch] should resume the floor
at the expiration of the morning hour, and
that he should not be interrupted by any priv-
ileged motion, the gentleman could not be
taken from the floor by any such motion.
Mr. LYNCH. That was my proposition.
The SPEAKER. That may have been, and
doubtless was, the proposition which the gen-
tleman intended to submit to the House ; but
he will find when he examines the Globe that
it was not the proposition as he actually
stated it.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. The Chair
is correct. I listened carefully to the proposi-
tion which the gentleman made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not of
course challenge the recollection of any gentle-
man npon the floor in reference to a matter of
this kind; but upon a question affecting the
business of the House he must follow his own
recollection unless the matter can be settled
by a reference to the record. In this case the
Chair will ask the Clerk to read the notes of the
official reporters. The Chair has not referred
to those notes, and does not know how they
read, but has no doubt they will sustain his
recollection, for he listened very carefully to
the proposition submitted by the gentleman
from Maine.
The Clerk read as follows :
" The question was upon the motion to reconsider.
*' Mr. Lynch. I ask unanimous consent of the House
that this subject shall be postponed until after tho
morning hour of to-day, with the understanding that
at the expiration of the morning hour I shall bo en-
titled to the floor to call up thismotion to reconsider.
I do this in order not to interfere with the morning
hour.
"No objection was made; and the motion to post-
pone was accordingly agreed to."
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not doubt
the intention of the gentleman from Maine to
state what he did ; but as a confirmation of the
recollection of the Chair, he resorted to the
record of the official organ of the House. The
motion of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Alli-
son] is privileged. The Clerk will read the rule.
The Clerk read as follows:
"It is an invariable practice, too, to permit a mem-
ber upon the expiration of tho morning hour to take
the floor, even though another may be occupying it,
to make the motion to procccd to business on the
Speaker's table."
The SPEAKER. That motion takes a mem-
ber from the floor for the time being, and pend-
ing it a motion can be made to adjourn.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I suggest that good
faith to the gentleman from Maine, who con-
sented to postpone his motion in order that
the committees might be called for reports,
should allow him to take the floor now.
Mr. PIKE. Let the motion to proceed to
business on the Speaker's table be made after
my colleague makes his speech.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the motion to
proceed to business on the Speaker's table is
voted down will not the gentleman from Maine
then be entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. He will.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. Then let us vote it
down.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. ThenlwiH
make a motion.
The SPEAKER. A privileged motion ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to a question of
order. The House should know that the gen-
tleman from Illinois, who wishes to make s
privileged motion, has been trying for four or
five minutes to state what he intends to do,
and has not been permitted.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I object to debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.* I desire to
make my motion, and to say 
The SPEAKER. The motion to proceed to
business on the Speaker's table is not debatable.
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw my motion to
say a word in justification of myself.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman frona
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] withdraw his ob-
jection ?
Mr. PARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. ALLISON. I was not present when the
arrangement was made in regard to giving the
gentleman from Maine the floor, and had no
knowledge whatever on the subject when I
made my motion. I do not desire to interfere
with the gentleman. I give him notice, how-
ever, that I want his bill postponed after he
has made his remarks, unless he convinces me
that it ought to pass immediately.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois One word.
If the gentleman will make his speech, and then
move to postpone the further consideration of
his bill so that the House may go into Commit-
tee of the Whole, I will make no objection.
Mr. LYNCH. I ma"ke no arrangement
whatever.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
move to go to business on the Speaker's table,
and pending that motion I make another motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
that nine gentlemen desire to speak on this
bill. How many more there are he does not
know. What is the second motion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the legislative appropriation bill;
and with the consent of the House I desire to
say a word.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ?
Mr. LYNCH and Mr. BARNES objected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Can a member be
taken from the floor for the purpose of moving
that the rules be suspended ?
The SPEAKER. He can, if it is preceded by
a motion to go to the business on the Speaker's
table, after the morning hour. The Congres-
sional Globe is full of precedents of that kind.
And pending that motion the House can either
adjourn or go into Committee of the Whole.
The question being put on the motion to
suspend the rules, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
special order, there were—ayes 20, noes 111.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused—ayes 1G,
noes 111.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. Tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused—ayes nineteen; not one
fifth of the lust vote.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Wasiiburne, of Illinois, to proceed to business
on the Speaker's table; and it was disagreed
to—ayes 18, noes 108.
