60S
THE CQ¥GBESSI«A!K
January 26s
BSOTfir- OP INDIAN JtESERVATIONS.
, The un>nin±6us consent, laid
Defore "tfia House'|i" coi&mutucation from the
Secretary of :tKe Intenbr', transmitting'a letter
from the Commissioner £>f Indian Affairs, sub-
mittingestiroatesof apprbjjriations requiredfor
surveying Thdiairfreservations; which was're-
ferred to the'Comififftee'on Appropriations.
BATTLE Or'TfASIIlTA RIVEE.' '
The SPEAKER alsg laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary oi: War, transmit-
ting a report of General W. B. Ilazen, as to
the hostile character of the band of Indians
lately attacked and,.defeated by General Custer
on the Washita river; ,-sifljich was referred to
the Cqmmittee.on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed. - -, •
EXCHANGE OF PACIFIG RAILHOAD BONDS.
The SPEAKER also laidbefore the House
a lettei* from the Comptroller of the Currency,
transmitting, in compliance with the resolution
of the House of the 18th instant, various state-
ments relative to the exchange of Pacific rail-
road bonds.
Mr. GARFIELD.- I hope that communica-
tion will be printed.- • We all want to see it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that it be referred to^the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency, and printed.
The motion was'agreed to.
UliVISION OP UNITED STATES STATUTES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the report of the .commissioners to revise the
statutes of the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revision of Laws
of the United States, and ordered to be printed.
MKSSAttlS FROM Tire PRESIDENT.
A message from- the President, by Mr. Wil-
liam G.Moore, his Private Secretary, informed
the House that he had approved and signed
bills of the following titles:
An act {H. ft. No. 1098) to relieve from dis-
abilities A. W. Best and Samuel F. Phillips,
of North Carolina;
An aet (H. R. No. 1261) amendatory of an
act entitled "An act-relating to habeas corpus,
and regulating judicial proceedings in certain
cases;" and
An act (H. R. No. 1558) to amend an act
entitled liAn act to prescribe the mode of ob-
taining. evidence in^dases of .contested elec-
tions," approved February 19, 1851.
' m6ssag8 ?e6sr this senate.
A niessage from thfe Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate hud adopted a concurrent resolution
providing for the appointment at the beginning
of the next session of Congress of a joint com-
mittee on the reorganization of the civil service.
1 he message further announced that the
Senate insisted'ujioii'its amendment, disagreed
to by the House,' tolhe joint resolution (H. R.
No. 404) providing for- the dispdsitiou of cer-
tain papers relating to military claims accruing
m the department df the/West, agreed to the
conference asked on thl- disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had ordered that
Mr. iittjmbui.l, Mr. STfiWAitT, and Mr. Mo-
Crebrt be the conferees on the part of the
Semite. •
resumption of specie payments.
The Ho,us? then proceeded to the considera-
tion of the motion of Mr. Lyxch, to reconsider
the vote by which the bill (H. R. No. 1364) to
provide for the gradual resumption of specie
payments was recommitted to the Committee •
on Banking and Currency, and upon which
Mr. Lyjrcii was entitled to the floor.
bilF1'' "LlY1SrCH' 1 asli for the wading of the
"The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Maine that his hour has
now commenced, and that if the bill is read
the time taken up by the reading will come out
or his hoar.
Mr. LYNCH. Well, I desire to offer some
amendments to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
is all that is now p#ndin|r.> is'nofc
before the House.- The geniieraati ban-give
notice of his apaendmervt>s.,*<.
Mr. LYNCH. Then £ give notice- that at
the proper time 1'wtll offer tthe'amendments
which I send to the Clerk's desk and ask to
have read.
The Clerk read the proj>osed' amendments,
as fallows:
Insert after "date/' in line tw.elve; a& follows:
"And all notes of national banks so reoeiyed at the
Treasury and not paid out to thos^willing to receive
thein shall, under such regulations as the Secretary
shall prescribe, be redeemed by the baQks issuing the
same in United States legal-tender notes, and the
last-named notes when received atthefreasury shall
be destroyed, and in their stead notes aiithorized by
this act shall be issued as hereinbefore provided."
Strike out the words " or in other lawful money,"
lines sixteen and seventeen, and "payable in coin."
Strike out the words "if in other lawful money not
exceeding seven and three fcenths per cent, per
annum," in lines eighteen an^.nineteeu.
The following is the bill: , < .
A bill to providoforthcgradualresumption of specie
payments.
Be it enacted by the Senate and home of Representa-
tive* of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That on and after the 1st day of July, 1869, the
United States notes now outstuading shall, when
received in the course of ordinary transactipns at
the Treasury of the United States, be destroyedunder
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, and
in lieu thereof the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized and directed to issue new United
States notes of the same denominations as those in
lieu of which they are issued, payable in coin on de-
mand, at the Treasury of the United States, at and
after one year from date ; and all notes of national
banks so received at the Treasury and not'paid out
to partieswillingto receive thesame.siialKundersuch
regulations as the Secretary shall prescribe, be re-
deemed by the banks issuiug tlie same in United
States legal-tender notes, and the last-named notes
when received at the Treasury shall be .destroyed,
and™ their stead notes authorized by this act shall
bo issued as hereinbefore provided. The whole
amount of the new notes authorized by this section
shall not exceed the amount of United States notes
now outstanding, exclusive of fractional currency.
t >VEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That notes author-
ized by this act shall bo legal tenderfor the redemp-
tion of national bank notes, and for all other pur-
poses, by and to all parlies, except by the United
Dtates, in payment of other such notes as have
already matured, or in payment of the interest on
the public debt where such interest is now, or here-
after may bo, payable according to law in coin; and
also except before maturity in paymen tto the United
states tor duties on impoTts. And in case of the
lecoipt at the Treasury before or after maturity, or
the redemption at and after maturity, of any of the
notes authorized by this aet, the Secretary of the
.treasury is hereby authorized and directed to re-
issue the notes so received or redeemed, or to issue
an eaual amount and no more of other like notes
payable as hereinbefore provided, on demand, at and
alter one year from date, except us provided Jor in
section three of this act.
m -^>ld be it farther enacted. That the Secretary
ol the Treasury is hereby authorized, after the pay-
ment m specie he-rein provided for shall have act-
ually comuifsneed, at his discretion, to issue the notes
hereby authorized tor periods of less than one year,
butnot less than three months. He shall also issue
new notes off liko denominations, in lieu of any notes
herein authorized which shall liave been redeemed*
and he is al&o authorized to purchase at any time
coin requisite to enable him to redeem such notes-
and in payment therefor he may, at his- discretion'
issue to an amount not oxceeding-lifty-miUion dol-
lar bonds ot the United States in such form as ho
may prescribe, of denominations notle's^than fifty
dollars, payable at any period not mor# than forty
years irom date of issue, redeemable at the pleasure
of the Government at or after five years from such
date, and the interest on such bonds shall be pay-
able senn-annually m coin, at the rate, if payable in
com, of not exceeding six per cent, per annum; and
the rate and character of interest shall be expressed
hoT b?nd®,: Pr?vMed, That'no such bonds
shall bo issued at less than par m lawful money of
the United States.
Sec. -i. And be it further enacted, Tb&t" na aceuftite
account shall be kept by the Treasurer of theUnited
states or toe amount and denominations of all the
United gtates notes received into the Treasury of the
United States and destroyed; and he shall also keep
an accurate account of the amount and denomina-
tions of notes issued under authority of this act. The
United States notes authorized by this act shall be in
such form n,s th« Secretary of ttfe Treasury may df-
reet, and shall bear the written or engraved signa-
? Ireasurerof the United States and the
lawful L- It Trcasu.ry- au|l also, as evidence of
lawful lSbue, the imprint copy of, the seal of the
inirWiui®par.t.raentl! which imprint shall be made
i du.tfctum of tiie Secretary, after said notes
are issued.06^ engravers and before they
Sec.S. And ba it further enacted, That from arid
after the passnse of this aet no gold or silver hi
from''tSi'V d Stat?s sba11 be soId or paid out
irora the Treasury, except m payment  f Uwr„ui
authorized gold certificates, or in payment ofTnti/
est on the public debt, where the S?"a?e0«HnB"
to law, payable m com, or as authorized in this So®
or otherwise; expressly by law. But the exchange
of bullion for coin with theUnited States mints- is
^lot hereby jnade unlawful.
Mr. LYNCH, ipthe privileged motion? and
privileged membys have all been settled,.I.will
go on with the cetasideration of the bill. . .
Mr. ^teakeryHmong all the conflicting thea-
ries in- r(^ard/to our financial affairs, and the
means to i^^idopted for their improvement,
there isaver^general agreement upon one point,
namely, that it is desirable at the earliest day
practicable to place our currency upon a specie
basis. I know there is a class,of financiers
that contend that a specie standard is wholly
unnecessary, and that a paper currency, based
upon the faith of the Government, is a better
currency than gold and silver, or paper conr
vertible into gold and silver. But tins class
is not numerous, aud I will not stop to dis'
cuss the abstract question which they raises
Whether they are right or wrong is of little
practical moment in dealing with the questioti
to-day. It is enough to know that the specif
standard is the standard of every civilized
nation, and as one of the families of nations
our interest is to conform to that,standard... I
shall therefore assume in discussing this ques-
tion that we are ultimately to return to specie
payments ; to base our currency on that which
the world recognizes, and has adopted sis ths
true standard of value, gold and silver. , ,
I think there is a very general agreeme&t
upon another point, which is that the currency
of a country is the foundation upon which it
must build its financial structure, and that upon
this foundation we must reconstruct our finan-
cial policy.
With this general agreement in regard to
the ends to be attained, there is an endless
diversity of opinion as to the means -sfhich
should be adopted in order to reach that end.
Some contend that we should do nothing di-
rectly toward hastening a resumption, but that
by a proper adjustment of the tariff and a rigid
economy in the administration of the Govern-
ment the balance of trade will be turned in our
favor, .and the desired result be thus brpught
about in due season, and without any disturb-
ance in business. I agree with this view only
so far as it assumes the impracticability of
effecting a resumption of specie payments ,by
any mere arbitrary enactment that it shall take
place at any fixed day in the future.
If we had no commerce with other nations,
and if alt transactions among ourselves were
settled when made ; if there were no timecon-
tracts for the future payment of money, we
might adopt this course and patiently bide ihe
result. But such are not the conditions;
money is the subject of contracts for future
payment, as well g,s -a medium of exchange,
and contracts for the future cannot be made
with confidence so long as our currencv-is of
fluctuating and uncertain value. Again, we
have an immense debtupon which, owing to the
unfavorable circumstances under which°it was
contracted, we are paying a high rate of inter-
est. Of this debt we have the option to pay—
Afte?^ot^ber
After June 30,1870  
 == HI
After June so, i87a IT::::::;::;::: initio
Making a total of. 41 557,814,900
which we have the option of paying at the
present time and during the next three years.
In order to avail ourselves of this option We
must negotiate a new loan at a lower rate{nf
interest; and to do this we must improve our
credit, the depreciation of which is measured
k 1 v ®ePrec'a^°n of our currency. Chf-r
bonds have appreciated and depreciated with
our currency, and will continue to do so.
"aving made our paper currency the national
standard of value, the world will measure our
credit by that standard, and there is 110 escape
irom it. When we make our currency redeem-
able iu coin it will boat par with coin, audi
our bonds will then be measured by a specie
instead of by a paper standard.
Appreciate our currenr-y to a par with gold,
