010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
borrowed from them ; while since the war the
amounts have nearly balanced each other, and
that notwithstanding the great increase of bus-
iness and of population. During the last ten
years the amount of bank loans have decreased
more than seventy-six million dollars, and
since the commencement of the war more than
eighty-three millions. The decrease of indi-
vidual indebtedness in the transaction of gen-
eral business is doubtless, could it be ascer-
tained, no less striking. Add to all this the
large amount of Government securities held by
the people, and we gain some idea of the in-
crease of individual wealth since the commence-
ment of the war.
The value of a sufficient amount of currency
in a n«w country like our own, rich in unde-
veloped resources, is notgenerally appreciated.
Those favoring contraction have generally re-
garded currency only in its relations to a fixed
amount of business, and drawing analogies
from old countries where production has
reached its maximum, have limited its uses to
an exchange of productions, leaving entirely
out of the account its value as a producing
power. I cannot better express my own idea
'of the advantages derived from the currency
furnished to the country as one of the results
of the war than by quoting the following ex-
tracts from a letter from the present Secretary
of the Treasury, addressed to Thomas Camp-
bell, esq. :
Tkeascey Dei'aktmeut, March 28,1865.
t!  * * * * $ * 1- *
No country can prosper for any considerable tiino
where money oommands so high a rate of interest
as it does in California, and nothing would tend
more diroctly to reducothat rateof interest than the
introduction of a sound paper circulating medium.
Paper money has been found to be a necessity in
all commercial countries, and especially in tho Urn-
ted States? and what is true elsewhero must bo true
in California. With her splendid climate, her fertile
soil, and her inexhaustible mines, her woalth and
population ought to have been more rapidly in-
creased than they ha^e been for some years past.
With her great advantages, what has provented her
from reooiving a constant flow of emigration from
tho other States? What has prevented her from being
a commercial and manufacturing State? What is
now repressing the enterprise ot her enterprising
people, but the fact that money is dear, and credit,
to a great extent, ignored?
California needs a well-regulated credit systora;
also needs a paper circulation to quicken enterprise
and give impetus to business; she needs a lower rate
Of interest: she needs to bo cured of the mania foran
exclusive metallic currency; in a word, alio needs,
in addition to the recognition of tho United States
notes as a currency, a sound banking system—such
as is provided lor by tho national currency act—and
soo will linger in the career of greatness and pros-
perity until these needs are supplied.
# 4 * # ******
X am, very truly, yours,
ii. Mcculloch.
The wonderful effect produced by the intro-
duction and employment of the paper currency
issued by the Government in stimulating
production and developing and increasing
the national wealth has been seen and felt by
all, and has been epitomized by the Special
Commissioner of liovenue in his last annual
report, as follows:
"SoeakinggeneraUy.howeverJntbe first instance
the Commissioner asserts that ft 11 the available data
ail i to establish tho following conclusions, namely,
that within the last five years moro cotton spindles
have been putm operation, more iron furnaces erect-
ed, more iron smelted, more bars rolled, more steel
made, more coal and copper mined, more lumber
sawed and hewn, moro houses and shops constructed
moro manufactories of different kinds started, and
more petroleum collected, refined, and exported, than
during anyequal period in the history of the country:
and that tbismerense has been greater both as regards
jiuahty andquantity^and greater tban tbelegitimate
increase to be expected from the normal increase of
wealth and population."
The Commissioner goes on to give the annual
progress of railroad extensions during and sub-
sequent to the war, as shown by the following
table: °
... Miles.
iff?  
l|S  021
J&T 864
 a«|
1865  vM
 :::::::::il2
lsb<   2227
18S8, estimated 2500
"It will be thus seen that since and including the
year 1865, the year of the termination of the war,
nearly eight thousand miles of railroad have been
constructed in the United States, and thai the pres-
ent ratio of increase is more than doable the average
railroad history prior to 1860, namely, eleven hun-
dred and fifty-six miles."
After presenting this grand array, of facts
and figures indicative of national development,
the Commissioner, apparently wholly uncon-
scious of the agency by which this development
was mainly wrought, goes on to descant upon
the "effects of the war in checking national
development," as follows:
" What would have been the condition of progress
during the decade from 1860 to 1870, had not the war
intervened, is a question that cannot be definitely
answered; but that many branches of production
would have experienced adevelopment limited only
by tho amount of capital and skilled labor cannot
be doubted."
Limited only by the amount of capital, &c.
It has been, as I have endeavored to show,
this want of available capital prior to the war
that prevented the rapid development of tho
resources of the country. It has been the sup-
ply of that want, as one of the results of the
war, that has stimulated production to such
a wondeiful extent that, notwithstanding all
the destruction and waste of an exhausting
war, the production of the country has been
relatively greater during the past than in any
previous decade in our history.
How much the growth and material pros-
perity of the country has been retarded by the
policy of the Secretary of the Treasury in con-
tracting and in decrying and depreciating the
currency can scarcely be estimated. What-
ever may be said of the fictitious character of
this currency, the national wealth which it
developed, the iron, the coal, the copper, the
mills and the railroads to which the Commis-
sioner lias called our attention are real, tangi-
ble, substantial.
1 think very little reliance can be placed on
any calculation as to the actual amount of cur-
rency in circulation prior to the war, and much
less upon any estimates of the amount required
with which to transact the business of the coun-
try at any given period. Our growth and pro-
gress are so rapid, and our condition and cir-
cumstances so changeable as to render all such
calculations fallacious.
I know of no better criterion of the relation
which the amount of currency bears to the
business of a country than the rate of interest
paid for its use. There are times in all coun-
tries when even with an excess of money for
the^ transaction of legitimate business,, the rate
of interest is high. But this results from a
demand for purposes of speculation, which
demand is as real during its existence as if it
were for regular and legitimate business.
In England and France the rate of interest
is uniformly low, the exceptions being rare
and occasioned by a speculative demand. In
this country the rate of interest on money is
uniformly high, and fully as high on an aver-
age since as before the war. The exceptions
are at seasons when a temporary depression
of business lessens the demand for money.
The same difference in regard to the supply
and demand for money which is observable
between Europe and our own country exists
between different States of the Union. In the
old States where capital has accumulated and
is adequate to the business to be transacted
the rate of interest is moderate. In the new
States there is a lack, while there is a great
demand for money to develop the resources
of sneh States, and the rate of interest is
consequently high.
_ Mr. Walker, in the letter to tho Commis-
sioner of Revenue to which I have referred,
in comparing the people of the United States
with the people of France, says:
"The people of this country earn money and save
it; and they know how to invest it so as not to lose
interest; real ostato, the publictunds, loans on mort-
gages, corporate shares, and deposits in savings
banks absorb the savings of the people find prevent
them from being locked up in money. They do not
perhaps, reason aboutit.lmt they instinctively know
that money m the pocket-book is idle capital, and
m a country where all must work for a liviue we do
not encourage idleness even in money."
I submit whether a people that know so well
the value of money and the best means for its
profitable employment are not capable of de-
termining for themselves the amount necessary
for the transaction of their own business with-
out any immediate supervision of the Govern-
ment!1 whether it is necessary to fix by arbi-
trary law a certain amount as just, sufficient,
and safe for the business of the country. Is
not the fact that the rate of interest is uni-
formly high among a people who know so well
how profitably to employ money conclusive
evidence that the amount in circulation among
them is not in excess of what they need for the
transaction of their business.
That the premium on gold does not measure
the excess of currency in circulation above the
needs of business is conclusively shown by the
fact that that premium fell from one hundred
and eighty to twenty-six per cent., with an in-
crease of the currency of nearly three hundred
million dollars, and rose from twenty-six to
thirty-five during a period in which the cur-
rency was reduced about two hundred million
dollars.
Mr. Speaker, I have taken op considerable
time in the discussing of the policy of a contrac-
tion of the currency because I believe its adop-
tion has inflicted incalculable injury upon the
country, and because r believe the continued
agitation of the readoption of the policy is also
prejudicial to all our material interests. Believ-
ing this, I am anxious to see some other policy
adopted for reaching specie payments. Some
policy calculated to inspire that confidence
which appreciates instead of creating that
distrust which depreciates our currency.
The plan of forcing an immediate resump-
tion of specie payments by repealing the legal-
tender act and enacting by law that specie pay-
ments shall take place immediately, or at some
day in the immediate future, say July 4, 186&,
is, for the United States Government, the great
debtor, to solemnly enact that there shall be
an immediate settlement of all demands in
specie when its own monthly financial state-
ments show that it cannot pay ten cents on the
dollar of its demand liabilities in the required
coin.
The Government could not comply with the
provisions of such a law, and such compliance
on its part is a condition-precedent to its en-
forcement upon the general public. I pre-
sume this measure has been introduced for the
purpose of evincing the earnest desire of its
author for a return to specie payments, rather
than with a view to its adoption. The plan
for buying in the notes of the Government at
a discount might be practicable if the rate at
which gold should rule each month could be
fixed and determined by law. That neither
the laws of Congress nor the Secretary of the
Treasury can fix the price of gold has already
been demonstrated.
It is difficult to see how the monthly pur-
chase of an unlimited amount of United States
notes at a fixed rate of discount each month
could effect a continued reduction of the pre-
mium on gold to tho rate fixed by the Gov-
ernment, any more than sales of gold by the
Treasury could effect the object. I think it
very certain that the present amount of gold in
the Treasury could be drawn out in a very
short time by a combination of speculators. A
margin of five million dollars would be sufficient
for the purpose. The bill introduced for car-
rying out this plan proposes a reissue of the
notes, but as the currency receipts are now in
excess of the currency disbursements, for what
would the notes be reissued ?
But, admitting the entire practicability of
the plan, there are two very serious, and to my
mind insuperable objections to its adoption.
First, the Government having made its paper
money legal tender, that is in law the equiva-
lent of gold and silver ; it is now proposed
by another law to depreciate this money, to
strip it of its legal-tender character, and bay
it up at a discount with the gold and silver of
which itis*th.e legal equivalent. And second;
such a. law, providing for bayit^ in United
