1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
611
Suites notes lit, a (Viscount is on the part of
the Government a proclamation of national
bankruptcy and a proposition to compound with
its creditors.
fhe Government having promised to pay
dollars cannot honorably pay less, because
necessity does not compel it to ask for a dis-
count. ^ There is no contract either expressed
or implied that the United States notes shall
be paid on demand ; but there is an express
contract for the payment of the full amount
promised on the face of each note, and an
implied contract that this promise shall be re-
deemed so soon as the promisor has the ability
to do so. There could be no justification for
a great solvent nation adopting the pitiful
make shift of buying in its own notes at a dis-
count. Having issued paper money and made
it legal tender, it should now adopt such meas-
ures as will make that money in fact what it
has made it in law—the equivalent of coin.
The fact that the laws of trade have fixed a value
on the money of the United States below the
legal standard is no reason why the Govern-
ment itself should adopt and conform to that
value; aud to do so would be to make mer-
chandise of its own money.
The fourth plan proposed is a carefully con-
sidered and comprehensive measure, providing
not only for a resumption by the Government,
but reaching forward and embracing in its scope
a resumption by the national banks also. Tliis
plan has been introduced and advocated by
one of the ablest statesmen of the country in
a speech which shows a clear comprehension
of our present financial condition and of the
conditions necessary to be induced before
specie payments are practicable. The author
of the measure admits the impracticability of
resuming specie payments until through some
means the premium on gold has been extin-
guished by a gradual appreciation of the paper
currency, and to bring about this result has
provided that the surplus gold in the Treasury,
after payment of its specie obligations, shall be
retained and constitute a fund to meet the de-
mand ior redemption of the notes at the date
fixed by law; and that after the 1st day of July,
1ST0, the national banks shall reserve and hold
in their vaults all the coin they may receive for
interest on the bonds held by the ijrovernmeut
for security of their circulation.
It is assumed that the knowledge on the part
of the public that the Government will resume
on a certain day, and that it is accumulating
gold for the purpose of maintaining such re-
sumption, will inspire confidence, appreciate
the paper currency, and secure success. This
measure, like all others providing for the re-
sumption of specie payments, depends for its
success upon the measure of confidence which
its enactment establishes in the public mind in
regard to the redemption of the currency on
the day fixed for its redemption.
If the public should have full confidence that
the promised resumption would take place as
provided the immediate effect would be to
appreciate the paper currency steadily until it
reached par on the day fixed for resumption.
Would such be the effect of the passage of this
bill? I think not; for the reason that the
provision for locking up so large a percentage
of the specie of the country for so long a period
would tend to increase instead of diminish its
premium, and for the additional reason that
the simple enactment that specie payments
shall take place on any fixed day in the future
is only a good resolution made to-day that
may be reconsidered and repealed to-morrow.
Aud the public knoT that any law providing
for a resumption of specie payments on any
fixed day in the future will be repealed if, as
the day approaches, our financial condition
is such that the obligations assumed cannot
be performed. There is an implied proviso in
any such law which would be expressed by the
words "if practicable.''
As I have already said, the success of any
plan for the resumption of specie payments
depends entirely on the confidence of our credit-
ors in our ability to pay our obligations in coin
at the time promised. As soon as we can
show that all reasonable demands upon the
Treasury can be met in specie that confidence
is secured. The people have never doubted
and never will doubt the good faith of the
Government, nor its actual and ultimate sol-
in notes payable in one year from date of
issue, on demand, in coin, at the Treasury,
to be followed by a like amount each mouth
during the year; which would make the total
amount thus converted during the fiscal year
ending June 80, 1870, $180,000,000; being
vency. And whenever any plan shall be |i about one half the amount of United States
adopted whereby the actual payment in coin ;i notes now outstanding
of our obligations can be gradually and safely
approached, and our promises made not only
secure by our plighted faith and confirmed by
an exhibition of our resources but also placed
beyond the possibility of temporary or perma-
nent repeal or suspension, we shall have taken
the only sure step toward the settlement of our
financial difficulties.
And this brings me to the bill before the
House. Does it possess the necessary elements
of success? Let us examine its provisions.
They are, first, to destroy all United States
legal-tender notes received into the Treasury
in the course of ordinary transactions, and to
issue a like amount of United States notes,
redeemable in coin on demand at and after one !
year from the date of issue. Second, to cause j
all national bank notes received at the Treas- j
ury to be redeemed by the bank issuing the
same in United States legal-tender notes, which ]
legal-tender notes shall in like manner bo de- i
stroyed, and coin notes, payable in one year,
issued ia their stead. In other words, all the
paper currency issued after July 1, 18(39, from
the Treasuiy of the United States is to be in
notes payable in one year from the date of issue !
iu coin. Third, to make these notes legal ten-
der for the redemption of national bank note3, j
and for all other purposes for which United :
States notes are now legal tender. j
Further, as a matter of subordinate detail.
The same amount, providing the currency
expenditures of the Treasury coritiuue the same,
would be converted into coin notes during the
next fiscal year. That is, one half the present
volume of United States notes would he con-
vertible into notes payable in coin in one year
from the date of their issue, during the fiscal
year ending June SO, 1870, and the other half
would be thus conveited during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1871. This gradual substitu-
tion of coin notes payable on a day certain for
legal-tender notes, never actually payable oa
their face, is the first measure proposed by this
bill. It is the means of preparing for and of
making, not only practicable and sure but
gradual and easy, the resumption of specie
payments. This is to be the first step under
this bill to be taken toward the return to a
specie currency.
The next step relates to the payment of
these coin notes. This process is to com-
mence one year after the date of their first
issue. On that day the 8000,000 in coin notes,
issued a year before, will become redeemable,
and if presented at the Treasury must be paid.
As payment can only be demanded at the same
rate as of the original issue, say $000,000 daily,
the time in which they can lie presented for re-
demption will be extended through the peiiod
of two years, from July 1, 18G9, to July 1,1872.
These notes thus become an intermediate
it is provided that the Secretary ofthe Treasury currency between the present irredeemable
may, on receivingany ot'said coin notes into the ' ' 1 ' ' 1
'Treasury before maturity, instead of reissuing
them, issue an equal amount of new notes pay-
able, a full year from date; and also that the
Secretary may at his discretion, after the matur-
ity of the notes first issued, ;ssue the coin notes
in exchange for the present United States notes
at a less time than one year, but not on a less
time than three months. The Secretary is
also authorized, in case it may be necessary, in
order to maintain the redemption of the coin
notes after maturity, to purchase coin to the
amountof$50,000,000. To state morein detail,
the bill provides for a gradual resumption
of specie payments by the conversion of the
oufstatiding United States notes into notes pay-
able in com iu one year from date of issue,
the conversion into coin notes being made as
the currency disbursements of the Treasury
require.
Under its operation, if it become a law, all
United States legal-tender notes received into
the Treasuiy of the United States, iu the ordi-
nary course of business, after July 1, 1809,
will he destroyed ; and all national bank notes
so received will be changed with the banks I
issuing the same for United States notes, !
which notes will also be destroyed, and in j
lieu thereof a like amount of United States
notes issued payable in coin on demand at
the Treasury of the United States after one
year from date of issue. The new notes will he
legal tender for the redemption by the banks
of their circulating notes, and for all other
purposes except for the payment of duties on
imports before maturity, and the interest on
the public debt where such interest is payable
in coin. That is, they are legal tender in gen-
eral, but must themselves be paid in coin at
maturity by the United States.
Taking the estimated currency disburse-
ments ofthe Treasury for the next fiscal year,
say about one hundred and eighty million dol-
lars, as a basis of calculation, stnd the con-
version from the present irredeemable United
States notes into notes redeemable in com in
one year from date would be at the rate of
about tifreen million dollars per month, or half
a million dollars per day. That is, during the
month of July, 1869, there would be paid out
from the United States Treasury 815,000,000,
legal-tender note? and gold, and serve two
very important purposes, which seem to me
essential to a healthy return to specie pay-
ments ; first, they postpone the actual day of
payment to the several times when the Gov-
ernment can undoubtedly make and maintain
it; second, they give in the mean lime the
highest possible assurance that it will be made.
Not merely the declaration of a statute that it
shall be made, but the assurance of a contract
with and a direct promise to each holder of
these notes borne on the face of the note itself,
that they will be so paid.
I have thus presented the "two main features
of this plan, namelv, first, the issue for two
years of notes payable 111 coin in one year from
j the date of their issue ; and second, provision
for the payment in coin one year later, extend-
ing through a like period of two years, or pro-
vision for the redemption in specie of the
United States notes now outstanding within
the three years ending July 1. 1872. The bill
makes no other provision for the redemption
by the national banks of their notes than is
required by the present law ; that is, a redemp-
tion in legal tender notes, for the reason that
I do not consider it practicable for both the
Government and the banks to resume at the
same time, and to undertake to provide for
both might prevent resumption by either.
Appreciate the United States notes to a par with
gold, and a way will be opened for the banks
to follow and redeem their notes in specie.
The measures necessary to secure this result
can be adopted after the Government has
placed its currency, which underlies the bank
currency, upon a specie basis. Once place the
Government currency on this specie basis aud
establish public confidence in its permanence,
and we have practically added so much to the
specie of the country, and thus furnished a
medium for the redemption of the national
bank notes.
With so large an amount of paper in cir-
culation, every dollar of which is proli'ably
employed and none ot which can be retired
without seriously deranging business, cheeking
production and impairing the revenues of the
Government: with this paper at a discount of
twenty-five per cent, in specie, it is the part
of wisdom to make haste slowly. The main
