1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
613
which to span the chasm now existing between I
paper and specie. j
It is objected that a return to specie pay- '
ments will disturb the relation between debtor
and creditor ; but this objection applies to any !
mode of reaching specie payments, whether j
such resumption be facilitated by legislation or
comes of itself without any such help. By the
plan I propose there could be but little dis-
turbance, because there is no sudden or perma-
nent contraction of the currency, and it would
not decrease the ability of the debtor to pay by
appreciating the currency without retiring it;
by improving its quality without reducing its
quantity. Resumption by this method would,
in the end, increase rather than diminish the
volume of currency by liberating and utilizing
the specie which now lies dormant, being, like
merchandise, only moved by the agency of the
paper currency. Under the operation of this
bill all the advantages of an arbitrary contrac-
tion of the currency would be secured without
any of the evils attending such contraction.
Most of the objections urged against resump-
tion by the mode proposed in this bill lie with
equal force against any method of resumption,
while many of the objections to all other pro-
posed modes are obviated by this. The alter-
natives presented, then, are: to remain as we
are until time shall effect a cure, or to adopt
some measure which like this will take us step
by step toward the desired goal.
Mr. Speaker, there is no royal road to the
payment of our debt; and those who pretend
that we can carry the burdens imposed upon
us by the contest tor national existence through
which we have successfully passed, without
inconvenience and labor, do but flatter and
delude. It must cost us something to return
to specie payments. But I believe that by
adopting careful and wise measures the task
we have to perform will be so toned and pro-
portioned to our gradually increasing strength
that it will be accomplished naturally and
easily, and will be in itself a means of national
development and financial health and strength.
The chasm between our currency and specie
must be bridged ; it cannot be leaped. We
must, first, promise to resume ; second, show
that we are able to perform our promise ; and
third, arrange so that the transition from paper
to gold, from an irredeemable to a redeem-
able currency, shall be gentle and gradual,
and thus avoid any sudden revulsion and con-
sequent panic. This done, wc shall have fixed
our currency on a firm and enduring basis,
and brought our public debt into normal and
healthy relations with the trade and commerce
of the country.
Mr. Barnes obtained the floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to inquire if
some arrangement cannot he made so that the
speeches 011 this bill, instead of being each an
hour long, shall he limited to thirty minutes
each, so as to accommodate a greater number
of gentlemen than will be the case if the present
arrangement is adhered to.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore, (Mr. Beck.)
That can be done only by unanimous consent.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Very well. Then I ask
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Barnes]
to yield to allow me to offer a substitute for
this bill.
Mr. BARNES. I cannot yield the floor for
that purpose.
TheSPEAKERjpj-otempore. On the motion
to reconsider, which is now pending, an amend-
ment can be entertained only by unanimous
consent.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I give notice that as soon j
as I can obtain the floor for the purpose I will j
move a substitute for this bill. |
The SPEAKER pro Umpore. The regular ;
order having been called for, the gentleman j
from New York [Mr. Barxes] will proceed
with his remarks. '
Mr. BARNES. Mr. Speaker, the interests
of the country demand the earliest possible
return to the specie standard of the world.
The declaration to that effect by th° bill now
before the House, reported by ray distinguished
colleague upon the Committee of Banking and
Currency, will meet with universal assent.
I voted to send this bill to the House, as I
should any bill calculated to elicit intelligent
debate upon this vitally important subject.
But the first question which you and which the
country at large will ask is, is it through the
provisions of this bill that this much desired
result will be produced ? All civilized nations
acknowledge gold and silver as the standard
of their interchanges. Ours is not an excep-
tion unless we have the power to exclude our-
selves from intercourse and trade with other
nations of the world. Recently we have been
unable to sustain ourselves in the great national
clearing-house. All have suffered from the
national dishonor, and we are paying forty per
cent, penalty in the enhanced price of the
articles we consume. We all realizethe necessity
of reestablishing our financial relations, so that
the measure of our property may havea uniform
standard day by day. We cannot pay for twenty
ounces to the pound forever. We cannot for-
ever pay a hundred and forty cents for that
which we consume and receive, but a hundred
cents for that which we sell. The varying
price of gold upsets everything.
The importer now pays $100,000 for a cargo
of tea which he must sell for currency ; then
reconvert his currency into gold to purchase
more tea. The measure of his success or fail-
ure is the fluctuation in the value of the money
which he is compelled to take for his mer-
chandise, and not the price which he obtains
for it. The holder of a Government bond
receives his six dollars gold interest upon the
coupon, and when lie sells the gold at twenty
or fifty per cent, premium he realizes the sen-
sible difference of thirty per cent, in his in-
come. The farmer upon the Mississippi, the
stiip builder in Maine, and the cotton planter
in the South starts his products for Europe,
and finds his prices shrink thirty or forty per
cent, through depreciation of our home cur-
rency.
The laborer who produces the wealth of the
country mortgages the toil of his hands and
receives a currency with which he cannot pur-
chase an article of use without paying this tax,
thus largely reducing the price of his labor.
Thus business becomes gambling, capital and
talent are absorbed in makeshifts, specula-
tion, and rascality. The nation pays its debts
temporarily by exporting bonds in place of
flour. New tariffs must be added to collect the
gold to meet interest. The price of imported
commodities rises in proportion, thereby cre-
ating new taxes to be paid by the people. Here
necessarily arises a growing conflict between
classes of individuals and between sections of the
country, involving perhaps the integrity of our
national obligations. A capitalist whose for-
tune is in bonds is interested in maintaining a
high premium upon gold. Those who have
no bonds, and pay this premium in the taxes
imposed upon what they consume, have a
reverse interest. In time of great depression
and distress this antagonism will be carried to
the ballot-box, the result of which, with unre-
stricted franchise, where the poor so far out-
number the rich, can easily be foretold. A re-
turn to specie payment, then, not only becomes
a commercial but a political necessity. A pre-
ponderating majority of our people desire to
return without unnecessary delay. Will desire
, and resolution accomplish this result? It was
! the desire of banks, individuals, and the nation
I not to abandon the specie standard, and they
! resolved and legislated to this end; yet they
did abandon specie, in obedience to natural
laws and in defiance of their resolutions and
their legislation, just as we have continued
under a suspension of specie since the cause
was removed, and just as we are likely to con-
tinue for a long time to come.
This bill, however, again attempts to resolve
us into a condition of things much to be de-
sired, but wholly against natural laws. The
man who has been landed in the top of a tree by
an accident with a balloon must climb or be
helped down j he cannot jump to the ground
with a whole neck. This bill in substance de-
clares that—
"The United States shall change its present de-
mand notea into new demand notes payaole in gold,_
and that national banks shall possess themselves or
these new issues in the place of those now held hy
them."
Dpon these issues the Government and the
banks must pay coin upon demand, and the
demand would certainly be made for every
dollar if there was a profit of a fraction of one
per cent, in the exchange. The method by
which the bill reaches this end is more circuit-
! ous than I have recited, but quite the same in
result. I would submit to my friend that it
i would be a much easier and less expensive
I operation to restamp the bills now out, ''pay-
a.)le in coin after certain dates." The results
would be precisely the same as by the course
here proposed. Nothing practical can be
gained by these successive new issues. If
merely reprinting our notes a few times in dif-
ferent phraseology will bring about specie
payment I am distinctly in favor of the meas-
ure. 1 have entertained the idea that it was
quite a different task.
Honorable gentlemen upon this floor,'and
many intelligent men throughout the country,
seem to think there is something potential in
the word government j that a government can
manage its finances upon principles different
from those which apply to individuals. There
can be no greater error. A landed proprietor
has become involved, and fails to pay the bills
contracted for the improvement of his estate.
At first his creditors accept his notes without
discount. His second year's crops, however,
prove deficient; his expenditures have in-
creased. and he has to provide for accumulated
interest. He adds interest to the principal,
and is compelled to negotiate a new loan at a
large shave. The third year shows the result
of his improvident management to be the
sameas the first, and his credit is gone. Waking
up to a sense of his condition he adopts a
policy. He says to his creditors, '' I have paid
out my due bills for three years; on the 1st
of next January I resolve to pay money." Is
it the resolution made or the condition and
circumstances of the maker at which the cred-
itors look ?
Of what use is it for this Government to
resolve and reresolve that 011 some particular
day it will pay gold? when 110 measures are
adopted to secure the gold with which to pay.
Why, the Government and the banks owe
SI.2(54.098,9«G of demand obligations with but
$348,034,883 to pay with. 01- ipyl').4G4,0U3
demand obligations after their assets are ex-
hausted. The landed proprietor may resolve
that he will plant more acres; that he will
garner the crops without loss, and will cut off
useless expenditures, and thereby increase his
resources, restore confidence, and enhance his
credit. When a portion of his deferred obli-
gations have been redeemed his iuture sol-
vency will be immediately assumed. But his
mere resolution to pay on a certain day will
amount to nothing. Creditors are as good
judges of what it takes to pay as is the debtor,
whether it be an individual or a Government,
Our Government may show by wise legislation
that its national domain is to be cultivated by
willing hands ; that, its expenditures will be
lessened : that its revenue will be collected; that
its currency will remain stable at its present
volume; tliat its circulating demand notes will
be the first class of obligations which it will
pay ; invite gold into circulation by removing
the ban upou gold contracts, hold the surplus
gold which it may receive until gold and legal
tenders approximate in value, and_ then the
holders ot' its obligation!) will leaiize them-
selves secure, the Government credit will
appreciate, and the premium upon gold will
rapidly decline.
Then all will desire to sell and none to buy.
