THE OQ^GEESSICMAl GLOIE.
January 26,
Exportation of produce would take the place
of bonds and evidences of indebtedness, and
the sixty-odd millions of gold shipped the last
year would pass into bank reserve, making it
a matter of arithmetic how long it would take
to accumulate the means with which to liquid-
ate our demand debts. Now, there are no
iadices pointing to such a day, or legislation
tending in this direction. Gold is driven from
circulation by being outlawed as: money, and
very little is in the hands of the people ; while
#hat little sorplas the Government obtains is
gtffti,- m th&t-it has several millions less to:
day than -it "haft three years ago. Does this
teok like areturn to specie payment? Wearc
further off in legislative principle, in commer-
cial usage, ana in the amount of standard
reserve than we were at the end of the wa"r.
: I say, Mr. Speaker, that it is not within the
power of the printing press to fund our demand
obligations into coin notes, and then keep faith
on the bond. This brings ns to-the whole
length and breadth of this important matter.
My own opinions, previously expressed upon
this floor, are strengthened and confirmed by
the development of time. Three years ago our
honorable Secretary told us that we could
resume payments in specie by contracting our
Currency. seemingly forgetting that we have to
raise $126,000,000 in gold from imports where-
with' to pay the interest upon' our bonds, and
that-imports and- gold revenue Would cease by
telegraphic orders the very-day that we again
furiously commence to destroy our currency.
Congress, too, was going to make greenbacks
equal to gold by merely declaring that they
should he. But the Secretary abandoned his
destruction policy after two months' trial,
warned by the wrecks of individual enterprise
and the credit of the Government, which a few
days more would have heaped together in
irretrievable ruin and hopeless bankruptcy.
The resolutions of Congress advanced the
premium upon gold from thirty to fifty per
cent., and hero we are stuck fast on an ascend-
ing grade with machinery impaired and the
water getting lower and lower in the boiler.
Yet are we periodically instructed that to reach
the summit of the hill our finance engineer
must-put out a part of the fires, and that Con-
gress shall again resolve that at a specific
time the train and cargo shall be at the desired
resting place. 1s this sense, or is it nonsense ?
But gentlemen ask, are we ever to return to
specie payment without legislation of some
kind? 1 say, no ; but by legislation of a differ-
ent character from any heretofore proposed in
this House. We want but little legislation, and
that of a nature to prevent us from doingmore
harm. We must first chock the engine where
it is, then enlarge its wheels, increase its fire
chambers and steam capacity, and soon we
shall see it moving of its own accord—increas-
ing in speed as its momentum overcomes in-
ertia.
it is wrong for me to say that we have made no
prograssin the right direction. The arguments
of the distinguished Senator from Indiana,
recently made in the other House of Congress,
would not have been listened to thirty months
ago, except to secure him the title of defamor
of the public credit. Think of it, Mr. Speaker.
The war ended in April, 1865, bat in January,
1889. fouryears thereafter, the Senator informs
us that :n two years and a half more, by July,
1871, we may be able to pay specie on a single
class of our obligations. Financiers who in
i860 informed ns that we could not resume
specie for live years were the subjects of polit-
ical ostracism and defamation. England,
Prance, Prussia, Kussia, and Austria have all
traveled the same road which we are traveling,
and the history of their struggle is the history
which we are again writing afresh. Some of
those countries reached the desired end in a
quarter of a century; others reached it by utter
repudiation, while others, as in the case of
Anrtria, have never reached it to this day. The
Corps Legislatif of Prance first enacted that
the French assignats were as got>d as gold'- "It i
wag next made a felony on the p%rt of a citi- j
zen to receive them at less than their face, and
finally a capital offense; yet the end of assig-
nats was the paper-mill, and specie payment'
was only attained by repudiating the whole
thing and starting anew.
The Senator must not congratulate himself
that he has solved the problem or found the
panacea. He goes too far in one direction
and not far enough in another, in what particu-
lar I will endeavor to show further on. 'N-o
person can correctly discuss the difficulties of-
our financial position who does not pay par-
ticular attention to the national banks. The
country may be assured upon one point; the
Government never can and does not seriously
intend to return to specie payment while these
banks sustain their present positions. The
Government cannot afford the results of forced
measures ; the banks will notallow it. These
banks are now a part of the financial super-
structure of the nation, and must be so con-
sidered whether we will or not. The wealth
of the United Statesis about twenty-one billion
dollars. It is represented by less than seven
hundred million dollars of currency, of which
the national banks furnish three sevenths, or
$300,000,000. Annihilate this circulation with-
out substitution is death. Whatever change'is
made must be made by the assent of the banks,
and they certainly are not necessitated to ac-
cept a disadvantageous arrangement. Their
interest being adverse to the Government in-
terest must always be taken into our reckoning.
These banks have issued $300,000,OOOof cur-
rency, the security for which is Government
bonds worth in gold at the market price but
$244,200,000, showing a deficit of $55,800,000.
Now, this deficit, and a respectable twenty per
cent, margin beside, must be made good in
some way before we can consider the banks as
at all separate from the Government, or before
there is any use of thinking of specie payment.
Here, then, we eotne to the initial starting point
on our road of investigation. I must not be
understood as saying that there is but this one
difficulty. There are several, and they must be
considered together. , I must argue this ques-
tion tersely and concisely to be correctly un-
derstood by the country, and must answer those
general opinions which form the staple of the
public arguments.
First, then, in reply to the opinion that the
currency is too large and must be contracted:
On the first of October last our currency
stood:
United States legal-tender notes $356,021,073 00
Fractional ourrency  32,933,014 17
National bank notes SOO.OOO.OOU 00
Estimate fifteen dollai-3 gold per capita
for one million people in California
and Texas  15,000,000 00
703.95-t.0S7 17
Deduct legal resorve  172,267,000 00
$531,497,637 17
which, for thirty-eight million people, is $13 97
per capita.
This, I admit, is a greater circulation than
was required before the war, ana may be
greater than under some circumstances would
bo beneficial. But circumstances affecting cur-
rency do-not, now exist as they then did. A
new order of things in this, as well as in other
respects, has been created. We have passed
through one of those real changes sometimes
occurring which produce permanent effects and
which can never be obliterated. Thediscovery
of gold in California in 1848, and in Australia
a little later, added a permanent increase to
the circulating medium of the world, affecting
the relative price of every article of property,
froth a paper of pins to a cotton plantation.
Property, changed hands at the new prices, and
debts were created at those prices, and unless
that indebtedness cotild be wiped out values
never coiil'd  ati'd never Will return to those cur-
rent prior to those periods.
Here'was a real, positive, perpetual change
to be recognized hereafter in the values of com-
modities throughout all time. So now we have
again made a bonejide, absolute change in oar,
condition which can never be obliterated while i
time-lasts. The values of all Species of prop-
erty expanded with the expansion of our cur-
rency through' four years of memorable and
intense speculation, until new debts, many of
tbemowingabroad, have been created, amount-
ing to the terrific sum of §6,030,000,000—at
least one quarter the total assets of the nation.
This ponderous load can not be floated or carried
upon-the same financial superstructure that a
quarter of this indebtedness could have been.
It certainly never can be paid in gold, i t rests
upon confidence. It requires nimble circula-
tion, immense resources, and expanding pop-
ulation to keep this confidence secure. Bring
the property of the country, as I shall hereafter
show, down to the standard of the gold which
we have or may forever be able to obtain, leav-
ing this load of indebtedness at its face, and all
the convulsions which have ever overtaken the
human race since the dawn of civilization would
dwarf in proportion and pale in insignificance
compared to the shock which would paralyze
the institutions of man by such a course. We
have already tried contraction twice and have
reached that point where' the currency underlies
indebtedness, and we cannot pursue it further
without shattering the financial elements which
surround us. We must wait the rising tide of
accumulating forces to overtake us in our
stranded position and float us off into safe'
waters. This need not take an interminable
time. Our country is rich, fertile, and versatile
in its resources. It increases in population at
the rate of three per cent, per annum and iii
wealth at double this ratio, and it can, within
five to ten years, overcome all the obstacles
which now surround us, serious as they are.
Before the war (1800) our currency stood:
Gold (estimated) $200,000,000
Banknotes    207,Out)u 0
Less in Treasury..
407,000.000
  91,000,000
$316,1,00,000
which, for thirty-one million people, was$10 20
per capita.
Aside from the effects of the debts we have
created, the financial habits of the people have
been greatly changed. At that date commer?
cial transactions were mostly upon long time ;
now they are principally for cash or upon short
time. Then currency could not be used with-
out loss beyond the State in which it was
issued, and all debts at a distance were paid
by bills of exchange; now both Treasury and
national bank notes form a constant source of
remittance through express companies and
otherwise. Then in large sections of the coun-
try the people carried but little currency about
them; now the amount in the hands of the
masses is very considerable. Then our coun-
try was confined to States bordering the Mis-
sissippi; now an immense scattered popula-
tion carry our currency into the teeming valleys
and mountain passes of new Teiritories. Theu
four millions of slave population required no
currency; now they are the depositors aud
dispensers of their own earnings, and a large
additional currency is required for these peo-
ple. Then our population was thirty-one mil-
lions; now it is thirty-eight millions, making
it necessary to furnish currency for some seven
millions more people. Then alt articles ex-
changed by the people which come through
the custom-houjte required but about onh half
the currency which will forever hereafter be
required. Then the volume of the general
business of the country was not one quarter it
now is. The New York clearing-house shows
the average business per day in that city to
have been—
In 1856  §22,000,000
In 1857  27,000,000
In 1858  15,000.000
In 1859  21,000,000
In 1860  23.000,000
In 1865   81,000,000
In 1S66   93,000,000
In 1867  fti.000,000
In 1868,.... ; ,  94;000,000
These facta are ample to prove that we re-
4'uW rt rniich larger per copjicksirculation than
we did ten yestrs ago.
