m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQI®.
January 26,
Jf oar bonds were worth 100 in gold, thei'eby
insuring the solvency of the national bank cir-
culation,wo could'view this subject differently;
but with the circulating medium of tlie coun-
try falLof panic and the most sensitive of its
assets we mijst advance cautiously. With
oar twenty year bonds, upon which half our
circulating medium is based, selling at 72, or
eighteen per cent. Ifss than enough to redeem
trie of these Kills, we must make all the con-
itians sure before fixing a period when we
will resume specie payments.
, It,is witljjtitbe power of the_ banks to re-
^o.ve'&e *gre^erf'$fttculty which besets the
nation,, anf they can well, afford to exercise
power. They have been paying the invest-
Qrs-'as no .cja$s pf institutions ever did pay
c&pital. "Although fifty-five of these banks have
reused to answer a resolution of this House,
Mv*'ng the amount of their earnings, yet we
Ihd'they have been dividing an average of full
fifteen percent., and have on hand an extra
five and a half per cent, for each year of their
existence in the shape of an undivided sinking
fund. In four years they have accumulated the
enormous sinking fund of $114,091,594. A
portion of this amount, $36,995,701, is called
"undivided earnings. These banks have an
inadequate security of §55,200,000 to make
good their circulation. If they will consent to
ah arrangement with the Government by which
this sinking fund can be pledged as additional
security for their circulation they need not
imperil its final control by themselves, and
will create a confidence which no other act
can do. But they will not do this. Their
interest is adverse to the interest of the Gov-
ernment. They now convert the gold received
for interest upon their bonds at a profit of from
seven to eight million dollars annually, which
they would not receive if gold was par. Sev-
eral beneficial changes can and ought to bo
made in the banking system; but I look upon
it as not likely to lie done, and I pass this
point to state what the Government can and
ought to do.
1. Legalize gold contracts.
%. Prohibit the sale of gold.
8. Compel the banks to retain the gold re-
ceived as interest npon bonds to use as legal
reserve in place of legal tenders, the Govern-
ment destroying the amount of legal tenders
which the gold will cancel at the current pre-
mium.
4. Compel the national banks to deposit
additional security for their circulation.
5. Devote the surplus of its gold beyond
$00,000,000 to retiring legal tenders as above
indicated.
6. Fix the volume of currency as it now
exists, thatit shall not be increased ordecreased
except by gold substitution, dollar for dollar.
7. Declare that its legal-tender notes shall
bo the first class of obligations which it will pay.
8. Fund a portion of our live-twenty bonds
now held in Europe into a five per cent, gold
bond, principal and interest payable in London.
The effect of this legislation would be—
_ First., Gold would be invited from its hid-
ing places—would flow from abroad into our
banks and clearing houses as money, and not
into storehouses aa merchandise.
Second. The Government must retain gold
to be enabled to pay gold.
Third. The national banks would then assist
rather than retard a return to specie payment.
Fourth, fhe Currency of the country would
be made perfectly secure and would be divested
of all panic feature, the principal disturbing
elementand fear of business men at the present
time.
Fifth. Demand obligations, Treasury notes
being destroyed as rapidly as the same is re-
placed by goM at the current premium of gold
at the date—it hot only lessens their amount
and enhances the value of the remainder, but
it gradually puts gold in circulation and does
not change the amount of our circulating
medium in any way.
Sixth. The country would then know defi-
nitely the policy of the Government as to the
volume of its circulation,, thereby stimulating
proper investment and regulating interest,
which is now impossible.
Seventh. Declaring that these demand notes
shall be the first class of obligations to be paid
by the Government their value would be in-
creased and the premium upon gold propor-
tionately reduced.
Eighth. Some eight hundred million dollars
of our bonds are supposed to be owned abroad.
In panic time they can be so used as to draw
the entire gold from the country. A bond,
principal and interest payable abroad, would
tend to prevent this result.
All of the above tend to one general result,
as the tilling of the soil, the sowing of seed, and
garnering the crops tend to enriching the hus-
bandman. This is all the legislation which is
now admissible respecting specie payments.
A mere declaration upon the subject amounts
to nothing. The evidences of our ability to
collect in and pay out gold is the declaration
which tends to confidence. Let these changes
be made—holders of gold see demonstrated to
a certainty that the premium must decline, the
profit in holding gold ceases, and all become
sellers.
Our legal-tendercurrency should be dispensed
with as rapidly as we can replace it with some-
thing better, but no faster. The public evi-
dently estimate that it will require from six to
eight years to redeem these notes, the thirty-
five per cent, discount at which they now stand
being represented by interest at five per cent,
for seven years. Three years ago the time
was supposed to be nearer. The discount, as
shown in the price of gold, was correspondingly
less. Let it be demonstrated that they can be
paid sooner than this and the premium upon
gold will decline in proportion. It is impossi-
ble to suppose that if a note payable at a fixed
date and drawing six per cent, interest is sell-
ing at 72, that an irredeemable note drawing
no interest will sell for more, barring the
advantage the latter has in being circulating
medium.
By the course here indicated and sustained
by fair legislation, by encouragement of pro-
duction in the southern States, the collection
of the revenue and an economical administra-
tion of affairs, we shall place ourselves in a
position to fund our long obligations at lower
interest, to pay our demand obligations within
reasonable time, and to so reduce the premium
upon gold as to start our ships upon the stocks,
put the wheels of commerce in motion, give
impetus to all kinds of enterprise, and again
sail out upon the sea of future prosperity with-
out that shock, shrinkage, bankruptcy, and
distress which any violent measures will surely
produce.
The Government can accumulate about
twenty-five million dollars of gold per annum
under its present tariff. With the premium
of gold largely reduced we shall ship enough
produce to Europe to enable the people to re-
tain from twenty five to fifty million dollars
more, which is now shipped abroad. This
will give us a sinking fund of, say, $50,000,-
000 per annum, which in four years will have
annihilated $200,000,000 of these demands.
The $200,000,000 is still retained with demands
reduced from $900,000,000 to $700,000,000.
In six years our demands will be but $600,-
000,000, nearly all mercantile credit, and
$300,000,(KM of coin to float it. More than
enough. This is something like the manner
and something like the time in which this
problem is to be worked out.
As to exact accumulations, they will faryas
to time from many seen and unseen causes.
The general principles of this plan cannot fail.
They offer to the creditor all the security in
available form which the nation can collect
together, not only security as to the correct
appropriation of what it has, but the additional
security that it will not impoverish the people
and cut off revenue by taking from them their
circulating medium and leaving their debts like
ghostly skeletons leaning against their doors.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, in the recent
terrible conflict, in which the life of the nation
was threatened and assailed by treason and
rebellion, the contest was carried on and the
victory won at a fearful cost. No toil was
Gounted too great, no hardship too severe, no
sorrow too keen—all were nobly enduied. The
richest blood and the costliest treasure were
freely offered in untold and uncounted measure
that freedom might triumph—that the Republic
might live. And the sacrifice, though costly
and rare, was not in vain ; for the unity and in-
tegrity of the Republic were triumphantly
maintained and secured.
The experiences of the war, sad and bitter
as they often were, and the magnitude and
rapidity of the operations of the Government
in providing for and conducting the gigantic
contest, aroused and stimulated the capacities
and energies of the people to a wonderful de-
gree. The necessities and emergencies of the
military service not only discovered and devel-
oped the latent and dormant capabilities and
resources of the country, crowding a.nd stimu-
lating every branch of productive industry,
bringing every laborer and every artisan into
contributive activity, but they stimulated in-
ventive genius, developed enterprise, enlarged
trade, created new industries, opened new
markets, and- infused new life and unwonted
vigor into every department of business and
every branch of industry.
The welcome but somewhat abrupt close of
the war found this enlarged capacity and quick-
ened energy of the people ready and eager to
.undertake new enterprises, to open new terri-
tory and develop new industries, seeking and
asking only the protecting and'fostering care of
the Government, and that it should furnish
them with a currency or circulating medium
stable and uniform, in which to transact their
business and conduct their enterprises. The
questions of how a paper currency should be
supplied that should be adequate in volume to
the business requirements of the country—uni-
form in its value, and convertible into gold—the
accepted standard of money value—-and how
and when and at what rate of interest the public
debt should be funded or paid, were then, as
they are now, urgent questions affecting inti-
mately and vitally the growth and development
of the country and the material interests and
prosperity of fhe whole people. But the strange
infatuation which induced the leaders of public
sentiment in the rebellious States, under the
instigation and encouragement of a recreant
Executive, to reject the offered terms of resto-
ration to the Union and to the rights and privi-
leges of representation, and the unfortunate
antagonism which thereupon arose between the
legislative, and executive branches of the Gov-
ernment, brought the question of reconstruction
into such prominence as, with its attendant
incidents, to absorb the attention of Congress
and to a considerable degree the thoughts of
the people.
Following close upon reconstruction and re-
lated measures and proceedings, and intimately
connected with them, came the recent presiden-
tial election, with its earnest and thorough dis-
eussionsand exciting issues. From these causes
principally the solution and adjustment of the
great questions of debt and currency have thus
far been deferred. But happily reconstruction
is substantially accomplished. Most of the
lately rebellious States have organized State
governments in conformity with the Federal
Constitution, are restored to the rights and
responsibilities of representation, and are now
contributing in no small degree to the revenues
of the General Government. Happily, too,
the receut presidential election has removed
one obstacle and embarrassment to a present
consideration and an hottest and honorable
adjustment of these questions. It was thought
and urged by some and feared by others that
the people, especially the laboring classes, in
view of the magnitude of the national debt and
the burden of taxation necessary to be borne
to meet the interest upon it and provide for its
ultimate und coinplete payment, might be pur-
suaded, or possibly deceived, under cover of
