1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
617
some legal quibble or cunning evasion, into
declaring in favor of the partial or entire repu-
diation of their own debt—a debt incurred by
themselves in the defense of the high and sa-
cred cause of human liberty and for the preser-
vation and perpetuation of free government.
To the lasting praise of the American nation,
and in full vindication and proof of the right
and the ability of' the people to govern them-
selves, the loyal and true hearted masses, re-
jecting the temptation and scorning the sub-
terfuge, pronounced most emphatically in favor
of paying to the uttermost every national obli-
gation with no violation or evasion of the spirit
of the laws under which the debt was incurred.
In this connection permit me briefly to quote
from a letter recently received from a brave
and gallant soldier of my own State, one who
peiiled his life and his all for the unity and
honor of the nation, as illustrative of the views
and sentiments of the grand army of those
who dared and suffered that the nation might
live., He writes : " Permit me to urge you to
use your utmost endeavors to prevent the least
taint ot' repudiation of any kind, direct or indi-
rect, greenback or anyother form, from attach-
ing to our national credit. Those of us who
served ia the Army served for the reputation
as well as the life of the nation ; for the latter
is worth nothing without the former." That is
the sentiment that actuated and governed the
true soldiers of the Republic, and it is the senti-
ment that now moves and controls the loyal
masses of the people. The whole debt must
be fully and honestly paid according to the full
spirit in which it was contracted.
With the problem of reconstruction practi-
cally solved ; with order and tranquillity as-
sured through all our borders by the election
of a President pledged to peace, and in the
light of afresh and emphatic verdict of the
people in favor of the full payment of every
national obligation, we are brought to a new
consideration of those great questions pressing
for solution. As no sound or permanent ad-
justment of the national debt as to its time,
mode, and rate, of payment can be reached
until we determine in what and by what it is to
be measured or valued, the question of cur-
rency, its proper volume and real value, pre-
cedes and underlies that of debt, and will there-
fore be principally considered.
It is an admitted fact that the highest and
best form for a circulating medium or material
for exchange of values which the study and
experience of the world has yet produced is
bills of credit or paper money resting upon
such a basis and reserve fund of gold or real
money as inspires and commands confidence
in its value and convertibility.
But it must be conceded that while we have a
large and, perhaps for the present, adequate
volume of paper money, and while in many of
its qualities and functions it is the best and
most desirable currency the country has ever
had, yet by reason of the large admixture of
legal tender notes forced into and held in cir-
culation by the Government, at an arbitrary
and unreal standard of value, the whole vol-
ume is, in its vital and essential quality of
value, as measured by the only real and ac-
cepted standard of gold or coin money, greatly
depreciated and debased. Indeed, but for the
hope and expectation that by the power which
first undervalued the currency and still holds
it depreciated the cause of its depreciation
would be removed, and a real coin value and
convertibility imparted to it, it would continue
to decrease in value and soon become utterly
worthless; and the longer the hope is de-
ferred and the expectation disappointed the
greater will the depreciation be. It is even
more than probable that if the Government do
rot at an early day adopt some sound and
comprehensive plan which shall relieve or take
off the depression which it has forced upon the
currency further and material depreciation
will take place, or, in common parlance, the
premium on gold will be higher. With a fur-
ther decline in the value of the currency must
come great fluctuations in merchandise, de-
pression in trade, stagnation in all branches of
manufacturing industry, reduced time or no
employment for labor, and ending possibly in
I financial disaster and general bankruptcy,
j We have spoken of the Government as having
occasioned the existing depreciation in the cur-
rency, as responsible for its continuance, and
as^ the only power that can furnish relief and
bring it to a real and coin value. Let us con-
sider briefly how this is. The first outbreak
of civil war necessitated vast expenditures of
money in organizing, arming, and equipping
a large army. With no considerable balance
in the Treasury the Government appealed to
the banks for assistance, and the associated
banks of New York, Boston, and Philadelphia
promptly and generously met the emergency
and loaned it $150,000,000.
But the rising proportions and threatening
aspect of the conflict soon forced the con-
viction that no arrangement with the banks
could safely be so extended and enlarged as to
meet the necessities of the public service, which
had already reached more than a million dol-
lars a day, and both the Government and all
the banks were driven to a suspension of specie
payments as early as December, 1861.
To carry on the immense operations of the
war resort was then had to loans. But as the
supply of gold and silver was entirely inade-
quate to the payment of the loans authorized,
and inasmuch as the notes of the existing
banks were too insecure and too unequal in
value, especially since relieved from all obli-
gation ot payment m specie, the necessity arose
of making the large and immediate issue of
5150,000,000 of United States notes and of
forcing upon them the quality of legal tender.
I These legal-tender notes so issued were then j
I regarded only as a temporary loan, and a
1 forced circulation was given them to meet a
i great emergency of national danger. Nothing
j else occasioned them, and nothing else justi-
I fied them. And in proof that the}' were not
] intended to form a permanent currency, but
were acknowledged as a debt which the Uni-
ted States were obligated and proposed some
time to pay, it was provided that they should
bo convertible at the option of the holder into
an equal amount of bonds of the United States
bearing interest at the rate of six per cent, per
annum in coin, payable semi-annually, and
redeemable at the pleasure of the United States
after five years, and payable twenty years from
the date thereof.
In less than six months from the dp.teof the
first issue of legal-tender notes a second of
like amount was found necessary. These, too,
were acknowledged as a debt, and curried the
privilege of conversion at the option of the
holder into the same six percent, coin interest
bonds, known as the five-twenties, with the
pleasant and encouraging proviso that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury might, in his discretion,
pay them in coin instead of exchanging them
for the bonds named. But the expenditures
for the military and naval service still increased
rapidly and formidably, and in about eight
months more another and pressing demand for
money was made, and a third issue of legai
tenders was authorized ; but owing to the un-
certain duration and issue of the conflict, and
the possible requirement of a yet further issue
of notes, the privilege of exchange was with-
held. It was even thought necessary to sub-
stantially repeal the provision for conversion
aecordcd to the first two issues, by limiting the
right of exchange within a short and impracti-
cable period.
A fearful and prolonged assault upon the
nation's life, and the desperate straits to which
the Government was reduced to provide the
power and means to resist^ and overthrow it,
were alone the occasion and justification of not
only imposing a great debt upon the country,
but of so undervaluing and depreciating a very
considerable portion of it as that thereby the
whole debt was depreciated and the whole
currency made unstable and irredeemable in
real money. It is because of these forced
loans so necessitated, because of the new and
debased paper standard by which they are
measured, because they are long overdue and
bear no iuterest, and because the Government
neglects and therefore practically refuses to
provide for their conversion or payment, that
we encounter the existing difficulties and em-
barrassments in relation to funding the national
debt and lowering the rate of interest upon it,
and also that the country is suffering the great
and uncertain losses to trade and industry in-
cident to an unreliable and irredeemable paper
currency.
In this view of our condition the vital ques-
tions concerning the important subjects of
finance and currency seem to be these: how
and when shall the Government pay or with-
draw their long overdue notes, which have been
forced into circulation to the great injury and
detriment of the whole currency and conse-
quent weakening and depreciation of all the
Government securities? and how, during and
by this retirement of legal-tender notes—by
payment or funding shall the country, without
shock or material disturbance to its business,
its enterprise, or its industrial pursuits, be
supplied with a currency adequate in volume
to its wants and necessities, properly located
and distributed to meet the requirements of
business in all portions of the Uuion, even
and uniform 111 value, and therefore current in
all parts of the land, and based upon coin,
the only true and accepted standard for the
issue of paper money? If these questions can
be answered, these problems solved, and a
measure adopted which shall accomplish or
look surely to the accomplishment of these
ends, it will, I think, meet most, if not all, the
difficulties pertaining to debt and currency
that governmental action can now remove.
All else must be left to the labor and the skill,
the activity and the enterprise of the people,
guarded and stimulated by that protection of
rights and fostering of interests which it is the
object, as it is the first duty, of a free Govern-
ment to secure to its citizens.
I shall venture, then, to suggest and briefly
to discuss a plan which seems to me better cal-
culated to accomplish the ends proposed—-
more simple in form, more feasible in its pro-
visions, and with promise of earlier fulfillment
than some, at least, of the plans already sub-
mitted. Before proceeding, however, to do
this, 1 wish to make brief allusion and consider
some objections to the bill of the honorable gen-
tleman from ilaine, [Mr. Lynch,] entitled "A
bill to provide for the giadual resumption of
specie payments," now before the House as a
special order, and also to the bill recently intro-
duced in the Senate by the distinguished Senator
from Indiana [Jlr. Mobtox] entitled " A bill
to provide forthe redemption in coin of the Uni-
ted States notes and fractional currency and
requiring the national banks to redeem their
notes in coin.'' Both these bills assume the
necessity of the withdrawal of the legal-tender
notes as a prerequisite and essential condition
to restoring and establishing the credit of the
Government. They insist upon the payment,
near or remote, of its overdue and protested
notes, in order thereby to restore the currency
and the obligations of the Government to the
true constitutional and real standard of coin
value. In so far as they recognize this prime
and urgent necessity they command assent.
But in the proposed measure and mode of
accomplishing this end they are objectionable
if not inadmissible. For though they both pro-
vide, in differing modes and at different times,
for beginning the payment of the legal-tender
notes in coin, they neither of them provide,
nor can they assure from the probable coiu
resources of the Government, full coin pay-
ment for the entire amount of the notes at the
dates named for their redemption. The coin
resources of the Government consist in duties
upon imports. These are not and cannot wisely
be made sufficient, in excess of existing coin
obligations, to meet the contingency of a pre-
sentation upon the days named of nearly the
entire amount of letial-tender notes.
It i3 true that in the arguments of both the
