618
TEE • 0(MGRiSSIONAL; GLOBE;
January 26,
honorable gentlemen referred to they assume
and reason that upon .declaration of purpose
to pay, strengthened by preparation for actual
partial payment., the confidence of the holders
of a part of the'notes will become so strong
and abiding in the purpose and ability of the
Governments pay all the notes that this un-
defined and unaseertainable portion of note
holders will-not-present them for payment.
Now, granting for the moment that so im-
probable a circumstance should- oeeui'as that
doubt and a desire to realize should actuate'an
uncertain but smaller portion to demand pay-
ment, arid that- public confidence " should
inspire the otter and larger portion to defer
tie presentation of their notes for redemption,
it must yet be remembered that the unpaid
portion will still be-constantly threatening the
Treasury, and liable, upon any sadden revolu-
tibn in tradeor artificial stringency in the money
market, to demand redemption at an unex-
pected and perhaps unguarded moment, and
thereby force a protest upon the Treasury
and dishonor and terrible disaster upon, the
country.
. It must not be forgotten that the American
Government has come through great tribula-
tion and sorrow, through' fearful suffering and
cost, to its present rank as a first-class Power
among the nations of the earth. Neither
should it be forgotten that during our great
struggle for national unity and- integrity pow-
erful leaders in powerful Governments, jealous
of the rising power of the young Bepublic, and
fearful of the reflex influence of successful and
strengthened free government upon decading
monarchical and imperial Governments, not
only desired and predicted our failure, but con-
nived at our downfall and conspired for our
dissolution. They winked at and permitted
the fitting out of piratical cruisers to cripple
and scatter our commerce and destroy our
blockades of rebellious ports ; and they forced
a monarchy upon a neighboring but feeble re-
public, that they might both furnish supplies to
rebels and overawe us by its pretentious pomp
and power.
But the Republic still lives, stronger and
grander in its power and prestige than ever
before. Its power is acknowledged, and it
fears no armed force from within or from with-
out. I ta faith and its credit must now be strength-
ened and established. They are dear to the peo-
pleandmustnotbeputin jeopardy. Our weak
and assailable point is the national credit, and
its weakness eonsistsnot inthe aggregate of the
natidnalindebtedness, large asitis—forin com-
parison with ourresources, withourdomain con-
tinental in area and rich in its capaciyand des-
tiny of growth and development, and with all
our wealth of industry and skill and enterprise
the debt is trifling and insignificant—but our
present weakuess and danger lies in the large-
ness of our overdue and demand debt, which,
whenever the Government promises and re-
turns to real payment, is wholly due and pre-
sentable. And it may well be feared that if
when the day arrives in which we shall have
promised to redeem we have not made fall and
adequate provision-for eofli^lete payment we
may find that foreign and-designing hatred and
jealousy, strengthened with foreign capital and
aided possibly by unpatriotic and selfish spec-
ulators and stock-gamblers in our own corintry,
may not only drain our Treasury of the insuffi-
cient coin we have stored, but thereby force
us to national protest; that thus they may at
least glory iu and fatten upon our financial
disaster.
It must be remembered, too, that we have a
large time debt outstanding represented by
Government bonds, which respond quickly and
sensitively to everything that touches or affects
the ability, thefaith, or the c/edife of the Gov-
ernment. Now, it would be an easy "and not nn-
tempting thing for either foreign-or home cap-
ital, moved only by a sordid desire for gain, to
combine at any favorable moment for the-pur-
ehasing and presenting of "greenbacks" when
the coin supplies in the Treasury might be ifr
sufficient to redeem them, and with the cryof
"greenbacks protested," " resumption of spe-
cie payments a, failure," run down the market
value of Government bonds at a rapid and fear-
ful rate, that they might, by buying them in at
a greatly reduced price, reap a rich harvest
from our folly and disgrace. We, all of us, I
think, witnessed too many instances during the
war of the power and willingness of unpatriotic
and shameless men to " operate," as it is mildly
termed, in public securities, -to the great em-
barrassment and loss of the Governmentto risk
^ny such contingency. We cannot safely trust
them. But the honorable gentlemen referred
to, notwithstanding their apparent confidence
in the argument of " public confidence," and
justly apprehensive that if one portion of the
holders of legal-tenders or coin notes might
wish to realize gold the other portion might be
of the same miud, and thus the Treasury be
unable to meet the united - demand, have each
aimed to guard the Treasury against such a
probable emergency.
The one, [Mr. Lynch,] providesthattheSec-
retary of the Treasury may—
"Purchase at any time coin requisite to enable him
to redeem such [coin] notes, ana in paymont there-
for he may at his discretion issue, to au amount not
exceeding $50,000,000, bonds of the United States in
such form aa he may prescribe, payable in not more
than forty years and redeemable after five yeais, with
interest payablo semi-annually in coin at a rate not
more than six per cent, per annum, or if payable in
currency at a rate not exceeding seven and three
tenths per cent, per annum/'
The other, [Senator Morton,] requires first,
in the second section of his bill—
"That on and after the 1st day of July, 1871, the
Troasurerof the United States shall pay in coin at
the Treasury of the United States, at "Washington, in
the District of Columbia, and at such other points as
may be designated by the Secretary of the Treasury,
all United States notes and fractional currenoy that
may bo presented for redemption"—
And then provides—
"That the Secretary of the Treasury shall hare
power to negotiate and sell bonds of the United
States, to be due in_thirty years and redeemable by
the Government at its pleasure after ten years, bear-
ing interest at the rato of I J per cent., principal
and interest payable in gold, to such an amount as
may be necessary to carry into operation the provis-
ions of tho second section of the act."
Now; objection lies first and mainly, I think,
to the manner in which the coin necessary for
the purposes named is to be obtained. For,
according to the views already submitted, if
the United States notes in the one case, or the
coin notes, which are to be their substitutes,
in the other case, are to be paid in coin under
the specific pledge and promise of the Govern-
ment at any fixed time, near or remote, then,
we hold that nothing short of a full and ade-
quate supply for the redemption of all the
notes at the times named should be provided
for and secured. But we do object most de-
cidedly to the mode in which in both bills this
end is sought to be accomplished. We protest
most earnestly against conferring upon any
Secretary of the Treasury, whoever he may be
or however wise and pure-he may be, any such
wide discretion, such unlimited power. Sir,
the day for secrecy and for unbounded powers
in the control and management of the finan-
cial operations of the Government is passed,
and the people want no more of it. The exi-
gencies of a vast and uncertain war may have
necessitated and justified such power and dis-
cretion, though it is at least questionable if
more certainty and publicity in regard to the
required or contemplated movements and oper-
ations of the Treasury might not have left
us in a less difficult and embarrassing condi-
tion than we now find ourselves.
Fortunately, however, those trying times are
past, and the people are entitled and demand
to know definitely what the financial measures
and Treasury operations of the Government
are to be. If gold is to- be purchased they
want to know what for, when, and to what
amount._ If a loan-is to be negotiated they
have a right-to know when, and at what rate,
and to wiiat extent, and to the privilege of
taking it Upon- equal terms. Now, the bill of
the honorable gentleman from Maine, in for-
get fulness of "this-right-and.privilege of the
people-, authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to -purchase, ■ without limitation of time,
place,' or rate, the coin requisite iu liis judg-
ment, of course, to enable him to redeem the
proposed coin notes. He is unrestrained as
to tire amount he may purchase, the rate he
may pay for it, and the time when the pur-
chase may be made. The amount may be ex-
cessive, the rate exorbitant, the time ill-timed
and disastrous, for there is. no limitation. He
is then authorized to issue, "in his discretion,"
in payment of the gold so purchased, bonds of
the-United States to an. amount not exceeding
$50,000,000, and at a rate of coin interest not
exceeding sixper cent., or of currency interest
not exceeding seven and three tenths per cent,
per annum.
Here, too, the amount, within the limit of
$50,000,000, is both unknown and unfixed,
and the time and mode of the negotiations and
the commissions, if arty, that may be allowed
are all left to the judgment and discretion of
the Secretary of the Treasury. Such powers
are too great and too unreserved, and are in
our view alike objectionable and inadmissible.
But the Senator from Indiana, with even less
thought for guarding the rights and privileges
of the people, confers upon the Secretary of
the Treasury an unrestrained and consequently
far more objectionable power and discretion ;
for no restriction is placed upon the amount
of the bonds he may, according to his private
judgment, negotiate and sell, except the utmost
limit of Uhited States notes and fractional cur-
rency outstanding—no provision is made to
restrain him as to the manner of sale, whether
by public bid or secret negotiation ; he is not
even limited to a par value sale. From aught
that appears in the bill he may sell them in
any way he likes, in such amounts or parcels
as lie likes, at any time he likes, at any rate
he likes. No " military necessity " now exists,
and certainly no financial necessity can justify
or require the granting of such full war powers.
Another serious if not fatal objection to the
bills referred to is that they both not only in-
volve, if they do not necessitate, an undefined
and undeterminable contraction of the cur-
rency, but they neither of them provide a
remedy for such a disaster. While they both
contemplate and aim to provide for the pay-
ment of the legal tender-notes as a prerequisite
to the resumption of specie payments, they
both fail or neglect to provide for a substitute
paper currency.
The bill before the House provides for call-
ing in the United States notes and issuing m
their stead coin notes, payable on demand after
one year from date, which may be reissued for
periods of less than one year, but not less than
three months. When this time of extension
has fully expired, and the coin notes are really
due, it is contemplated that some portion ot
them at least will demand payment; and au-
thority is therefore conferred upon the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to use any unappropriated
coin on_hand,_ and to purchase 150,000,000
more, with which to redeem the notes so ex-
pected to be presented.
!Now, without stopping to inquire what is to
become Of the remaining coin notes which the
gold on hand and to be purchased will not
redeem, or to consider whether the coin notes
will acquire such a gold value as to induce
their withdrawal from circulation and the
hoarding of them for a gold premium, it is
manifest that the volume of paper money will
be reduced to the extent that the coin on hand
and purchased will retire coin notes. How is
this loss or reduction in volume of paper, cur-
rency to be supplied ? The Senate bill referred
to first provides for the payment in coin at a
time fixed of all United States notes that may
be presented for payment; next provides by
an issue of bonds for procuring coin sufficient
to pay the entire amount of such notes ; and
then, in section six, declares:
That the Secretary of the Treasury may cause so
many of the United States notes that may be re-
deemed under the provisions of this act to be can-
celed asjuay in his judgment be necessary to' the
proper1 limitation ofthecurrency."
