1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
623
for persons convicted of offenses against the
laws of the United States and sentenced to
imprisonment in certain States; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, (with a letter of A.
Pillsbury, superintendent of the Albany pen-
itentiary, on the subject,) and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 207) authorizing Lieutenant
Commander W. A. lvirkland, United States
Navy, to accept agold medal from the emperor
of France; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and ordered to he printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S.R.No. 208) authorizing Commander Charles
H. Baldwin, United States Navy, to accept a
gold medal from the king of the Netherlands;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered
to be printed.
JOIIN L. DAVIS.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to take up for
consideration House bill No. 1158, for tlie
relief of an officer of the Navy.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1158) for the relief of Commander John
L. Davis was considered as in Committee of
die Whole. It is a direction to the proper
accounting officer of the Treasury to pay to
Commander John L. Davis §271 91.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The bill does not state
for what this payment is to be made. I should
like to have it explained by the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Thereis a report, which
the Secretary will be able to find in a moment,
which explains the matter. This bill only
directs the payment of between two and three
hundred dollars compensation that is due to
this officer for service in a particular grade.
The same compensation has been allowed to
others who served with him at the time. There
is no question about it; but there is a technic-
ality that prevents his payment at the Depart-
ment, under the act of 1847. I suppose there
is no objection to the bill. It is reported by
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MILITARY ROAD IN OKEGON.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to take up Senate
bill No. C79 for consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 679) to amend an act entitled "An act
granting lands to the State of Oregon to aid in
the construction of a military road from Eugene
City to the eastern boundary of said State,"
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill contains a preamble reciting that
by an act granting lands to the State of Ore-
gon to aid in the construction of a military
road from Eugene City to the eastern boundary
of said State, approved July 2, 1804, the
time designated for the completion of the road
expires on the 2d day of July, 1869, and pro-
poses to extend the time to the 2d day of July,
1872.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Oregon what is the prospect of this
road, whether anything has been done upon it?
The bill making the original grant, I suppose,
came from the Committee on Public Lands,
and I do not know whether that committee has
considered this bill or not.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state, for the inform-
ation of the Senate that this bill has been con-
sidered by the Committee onPublicLands, and
reported favorably upon the following state of
facts: this road was commenced as soon as
the State designated the company to whom
the lands should go for the purpose of making
the road. The company have completed the
roa.i through the Cascade range of mountains
about one hundred miles through the most
difficult portion of the country, on which they
have expended about one hundred thousand
dollars over and above anything they could
get from the land, and they are now commenc-
ing its construction through another portion of
country.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
LITTLE ROCK ISLAND.
Mr. IIARLAN. I move that the Senate
take up for consideration House bill No. 394,
confirming the title to Little Rock Island in
the Mississippi river. It is a short bill, and will
occupy but a few moments.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 394) confirming title to Little Rock
Island in the Mississippi river was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It is recited that
according to the official plat of the survey of
the public land returned to the General Land
Office by the surveyor general a certain island
in the Mississippi river known as Little Rock
Island, situate opposite the city of Clinton, in
the State of Iowa, was surveyed and platted
as being within the district of lands subject to
entry and sale at the Government land office
at Dubuque, in the Territory of Iowa ; that the
island was entered by Jonathan L. Pearce, jr.,
at the land office at Dubuque, as appears by
cash certificate No. 3326, and was subsequently
granted by the United States to him by letters-
patent dated the 1st day of January, 1846, in
which the patent is described as being ''Little
Rock Island, in the Mississippi river, in town-
ship eighty-one north, of range seven east, of
the fifth principal meridian, in the district of
lands subject to sale at Dubuque, Iowa Terri-
tory, containing thirty-nine acres and four hun-
dredths of an acre;" and that the island is
situated east of the main channel of the Mis-
sissippi river, in the State of Illinois, in the
district of lands subject to sale at Springfield,
in said Illinois. Hence the bill proceeds to
ratify and confirm the title to the island to
Jonathan L. Pearce, jr., and his grantees, fully,
in like manner and effect, and in all respects
to the same intent and purpose as if the laws
of the United States respecting the survey,
entry, and sale of the public land had been
fully and in every respect complied with and
observed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I would inquire of the
honorable Senator from Iowa whether there is
any adverse claim in Illinois?
Mr. HARLAN. I think not. I think there
is none whatever. The only point is to correct
the recital m the deed. The land is recited in
the deed to lie in Iowa, when, in point of fact,
it lies in Illinois, the main channel of the. Mis-
sissippi river being on the west side of the
Island. That is the whole difficulty in the case,
as I understand. The bill has been reported
from the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to ask
the Senator from Iowa if this matter has been
examined by the Committee on Public Lands?
Mr. HARLAN. It i3 so stated in the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I had the impression
that there was an old controversy about the
lands on that island, different parties claiming
it. I do not know that this bill relates to that
at all. If there be such a controversy I should
regret very much to see Congress settle it with-
out a full understanding of it. If the only ques-
tion be as to the regularity of the entry at the
one office instead of the other, of course there
can be no objection to the bill; but if there be_a
controversy between different parties about this
land this would be a hasty disposition of it, I
should think.
Mr. HARLAN. I have never heard of any
controversy whatever. If any exists I know
not of it. "The chief object of having the title
settled now consists in the fact that a bridge is
located, in part, on this island. I suppose the
island is of but very little value in itself: but
the bridge across the Mississippi river^bes
partly on this island, and the owners ofthe
bridge, of course, desire to have a perfect title.
The chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands ought to know if there is any contro-
versy over it. I have heard of none and know
of none.
Mr. GRIMES. Personally, I know nothing
about this matter. My whole information is
derived from the parties who have written to
me recently about it. I have never heard that
there was any controversy in regard to it. The
bill has been on the table, I think, since the
last session, and I should suppose it would be
known to the adverse party, if there was one.
that an effort was being made here to confirm
the title. The Senate can see at, once what
the difficulty is. The Government have already
patented this land, but, in the patent they have
recited the exact description, except thatthey
place it in Iowa instead of putting it in Illinois.
The main channel turns out to be on the west
of the island, and therefore the island is in
Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that safety would
require that we should annex a provision to
the bill that it shall not interfere with any
rights which have been acquired by any other
person from the United States.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It can do no harm, at
any rate.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will suggest
the appropriate amendment I have no objec-
tion whatever to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest that it be
amended by adding the following:
Provided, That this act shall not he construed to
deprive any other person of anv ri^htor tilictosasd
l,i!iri acquired from the United State?.
The amendment was agreed.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM M'GAKKAIIAN.
Mr. MORTON. There was a question of
order left undisposed of yesterday at the ex-
piration of the morning hour which I am anx-
ious to have settled, and for the purpose of
having that question disposed of 1 move
take up House bill No. 05 for the relief of ^
William McGarrahan.
Mr. CONNESS. I object to that form of
motion. The bill cannot be taken up. That
is the question that is before the Senate ex-
actly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
the question. The Chair was about to state
the question. The motion is to take up the
bill for the purpose of reference, and the ques-
tion is whether it is in order—the bill having
been postponed indefinitely at the last session,
and notice conveyed to the House of Repre-
sentatives to that effect—to take up the bill now ^
for the purpose of reference.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The question is now
before the Senate. I believe.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is before the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose, sir, upon
the question of order under the practice of the
Senate it is hardly necessary to add anything
to what has already been said. Yesterday
morning, however, the Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Stewart] felt authorized, with a view to
influence the judgment of Senators upon the-
proposition who hold that the bill may be taken
up, to refer to its history at the last session oi
Congress, supposing, as I think, on his part,
that that reference to the history of the meas-
ure would prejudice it somewhat in the judg^
roent of Senators. Now, Mr. President, i
will ask the attention of Senators very briefly
to the history of the bill at the lan session.
I understand that in the month of July the
Committee on Private Land Claims made an
adverse report. Upon that lejioit being made
• to the Senate, its contents and the raenta ot
this claim did not become known to the Senul e.
! Of course we are not expected to read the
elaborate report of a committee upon a private
1 claim until that claim is called up. Praef.-
