1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
625
Mr. CONNESS. I understand the Senator
from Nevada calls for the reading of the report
as a part of his remarks on this occasion. If
he has a right to make a speech on the merits
of the question—and the merits of the question
seem to be open—he has a right to incorpo-
rate in that speech what matter he pleases,
and ask the Clerk, as a matter of courtesy or
favor, to read that part of his remarks.
Mr. MOR TON. Mr. President 
Mr. CONNESS. I have got the floor, and
cannot be disturbed at present except by the
Chair.
Mr. President, when the fog clears away from
thisaetion a little more, when it shall be my time
to take the floor, I shall wish to say a few words
to the Senate, especially upon the remarks sub-
mitted by the honorable Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Hexdricks] this morning, and some re-
marks that fell irom the honorable Senator
from Maine [Air. Fessexden] yesterday. There
has been a personal direction given to this
question and this debate; and I wish those
Senators and all others to understand that I
am here, for one, to defend all the action that I
have taken in connection with this case against
all pe.sons whatsoever. The imputations that
are worked into this debate cannot go unnoticed,
and when I shall be entitled to the floor I shall
address myself to that part of the subject.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the reading of the paper.
Mr. STEWART. I propose to go on with
my remarks, and use that report, if the Clerk
will furnish it to me, as a part of my remarks.
If there is any objection to his reading it I
will read it myself. I want to use it as an
argument to show that McGarrahan's case has
been considered by the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
does notconsiderthata discussion of the merits
of the case is in order in discussing this question
of order. The merits cannot be material. The
question is whelher it is in order to take up the
bill for reference; that is all.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask leave to read the
rule. It is the last part of Rule 11:
" And motions to take up or proceed to the con-
sideration of any question shall bo determined with-
out debate upon the merits of the question proposed
to be considered."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is aware of that rule. The merits of a question
are not open on a motion to take up, but that
is not exactly the question here now. The
question is whether it is in order to take up
the bill or to make the motion to take it up.
Mr. STEWART. lam aware of that rule;
and it was enforced against me the other day,
and I submitted to it when enforced against me.
Other Senators continually allude to the fact
that Mr. McGarrahan has not had a hearing
before the Senate, that his case has not been
investigated. Here was a report that was
printed and on the tables of Senators and they
had the opportunity to see it, and the bill was
called up in the usual way. The gentlemen
calling it up were under no obligations or no
promise, express or implied, to delay the mat-
ter, and thus tie up the property of other men
and dispense with the execution of the laws of
the country. On the contrary, they were under
an obligation to their constituents and to the
country to see that the laws were enforced.
They were not bound to stand by and see men
kept out of their rights under the laws until
Mr. McGarrahan could see whether he could get
a bill through that would give him their prop-
erty : but the allegation is that it was not suf-
ficiently considered in the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, lam obliged
to call for the order of the day. It is past one
o'clock.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is now the order of the day,
being the bill (S. No. 250) relating to the Cen-
tral Branch Union Pacific Railroad Company.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I now
again submit the motion I did on Monday, that
40th Cono. 3d Ress.—Nn. 40.
this bill and all prior orders be postponed with
a view to take up the bill in regard to the pub-
lic debt and the currency. It is very manifest,
1 think, that this railroad bill cannot pass
without considerable further debate ; and since
Monday it has become very manifest that this
bill, if it is to pass the Senate, cannot be acted
011 by the House of Representatives at this
session. We are consuming very valuable
time. I desire to submit some observations to
the Senate on the bill to which I allude, a bill
of a public character; and ! hope, therefore,
the Senate will allow it to be taken up. I do
not think it will injure the interests of these
parties or do any damage whatever.
The PRESIDENT£>ro tempore. It is moved
and seconded that the present order and all
prior orders be postponed for the purpose of
taking up the bill mentioned by the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. MORTON. I think the Senate would
do right in allowing the regular order of busi-
ness to .be postponed long enough to settle the
question of d%uer which has been discussed.
So far, howev^S-,, a.sjtha-motion made by the
Senator from Ohio is concerned, while I shall
vote for the railroad bill, I think it due to the
Senator from Ohio, as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, that the bill mentioned by
him should be taken up, at least long enough
to allow him to make his speech. I am anxious
to hear what he has to say in favor of the bill,
and 1 know the country is. I think it is due
to liiiu as a matter of courtesy that the bill
should be taken up at least long enough to let
him make his speech, and then I am in favor
of resuming the consideration of the railroad
bill and continuing it until it is settled. But I
will now say to Senators that I shall call up the
question of order to-morrow and ask the Sen-
ate to giv-e its attention to it long enough for
its settlement.
Mr. POMEROY. When we adjourned last
night I thought the Senate was about re' dy
to vote on the central branch bill ; but the ad-
journment was carried under ail apprehension
created by the remarks of the Senator from
New York, that there was a nearer route than
the one this company propose to make by one
hundred and thirty-four miles. Iam now pre-
pared to prove from official sources that it is
over two hundred miles further, and I challenge
contradiction.
Mr. CONKLTNG. I will say to the Senator
that when that bill comes up I shall be prepared
to prove that my statement was inside of the
distance.
Mr. POMEROY. All I say is that I want
an opportunity to make that correction, and
then I shall be ready to vote. I do not want
any delay.
Mr. COEBETT. I am in favor of the motion
madebytiieSenatorfroin Ohio. Ilegavenotiee
some ten days ago that he would move on Mon-
day last to take up the finance bill. He gave
way for the regular order of business that this
railroad bill might be discussed. He has been
prepared to address the Senate for the past two
days. I think it is due to him, due to the coun-
try, due to the important questions involved in
his bill, that itshould be taken up and disposed
of. If we are going to pass a bill of that im-
portance during this session we certainly should
take it up and discuss it and dispose of it as
soon as possible, or else it cannot be reached
in the House of Representatives. I do not
believe that even if the railroad bill now pend-
ing should be passed by the Senate it could
secure favorable action from the other House
at this session. I am, then, in favor of taking
up the bill indicated by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I need
hardly assure the honorable Senator from Ohio
that I would most willingly extend to him
every courtesy in my power. I am as anxious
as he is to take up for consideration the bill to
which lie has referred to furnish him an oppor-
tunity to address the Senate on that subject.
But, sir, we have proceeded so far in the dis-
cussion of the present bill, and I think we are
so near a final vote upon it, that I cannot yield,
and I call upon the friends of the bill to stand
by it and fipish it to-day. Let us finish it;
dispose of it one way or the other ; either pass
it or defeat it, and let the company that is con-
cerned and the public be at rest in regard to our
action upon it. I ask the friends of the bill
to stand by it at this moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I made the same appeal
on Saturday last on behalf of a much more
important measure, a measure that I am sure
met the assent of a large majority of the Sen-
ate ; but the appeal was made in vain ; the Sen-
ate postponed the air-line bill and took up the
central branch bill. It has been debated for
three days with a reasonable certainty that it
cannot pass during the present Congress, and
that it must be debated again at the next Con-
gress. I trust, therefore, that without consum-
ing any more lime on this motion the Senate
will proceed to public business.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it is due to the
public interests and to the Senator from Ohio
that the bill to which he calls our attention
should be taken up. There is no possibility
that we shall finish the bill under discussion
to-day. The friends of the bill are talking
upon it and will continue to talk upon it, and
are preventing its passage and will continue
to do so. I think we had better take up the
bill of the Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is upon the motion of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. HOWARD called for the yeas and nays ;
and tliev were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Ohio
merely desires to appeal to the courtesy of the
Senate to allow him to make a speech I shall
not object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I never yet appealed to
the courtesy of the Senate to allow me to take
up its time in making a speech. I desire to
take up this bill.because it is a matter of over-
riding public importance; and as the organ of
the Committee 011 Finance I propose to ex-
press my views in regard to it.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is proposed to take
up the bill for action now I cannot consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not suppose the
Senate will take a vote on the currency bill
to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. The measure now pending,
as I understand it, is one of positive equity.
I heard the Senator from Ohio himself, at the
beginning of the debate last session, admit
that it was a case of equity. Such is its char-
acter. Now it has been under discussion for
nearly a year; we are just arriving at a vote ;
it is about being taken ; in the natural course
of things it will be taken to-day; and yet the
Senator from Ohio, who has admitted it to bo
a case of equity, interferes with another motion
which at a proper time he know3 I am ready
to sustain, the effect of which is to defeat the
pending proposition. If this pending propo-
sition is once put aside at this stage those who
are interested lose ail the benefit of the year's
discussion. It has been explained to the Sen-
ate: it is now understood ; and all that I ask,
as one who has supported it from the begin-
ning. is an opportunity to vote upon it.
Mr. CORBBTT. Mr. President, it seems to
me that this is a question of courtesy. It is
whether we shall extend to the Senator from
Ohio the courtesy we have been in the habit
of extending to any gentleman of the Senate
who is prepared to address the body 011 a cer-
tain measure which he has given notice of his
intention to call up at a certain time. The
Senator from Ohio gave notice that he would
call up his bill 011 Monday last; he has already
given way for two days; he is prepared 10
address the Senate; and he asks to have the
bill taken up this morning for the purpose of
addressing the Senate upou it.
Mr. FESSENDJSN. I desire to ask the
Senator from Ohio whether, 111 case his bill is
taken up, he wishes to do anything more with
it to-day than submit his remarks, and is then
willing to let it go over ?
Mr.' SHERMAN. I hope its consideration
