m
fyj ,€0KGSlSSIQlfAL GLOBE.
January 27,
be enforced. Practically, any law requiring a
.resumption of specie payments is' a-law adding
to'the amount of a currency debt the" fall de-
preciation of the currency, unless yon either
'scale the debt or allow the parties to adjust the
"matter between themselves. The former "prop-
ositi on is indefensible, and the latter is the'onfy
way bj' which the creditor and debtor may by
mutual agreement adjust a currency contract
'by equivalent coin.' All contracts to pay monSy
are, contracts for the delivery of gold, and a
contract, in currency is only a contract 'to pay
an indefinite amount of gold," depending upon
the uncertain depreeiatioo"*bC the currency at
the time of the payment.' Why may not the
,par,ties fix. for themselves the arnount'of gold
to be'pajd rather than leave it' 'fo be fixed by
llie liulls and bears ?. When contracts are
authorized iri gold all the provisions of the
municipal law which protect contracts from
fraud, usury, or coercion apply to them as well
as to contracts in currency. And the'reason
why such contracts were ever forbidden was
because public policy demanded for a time the
suspension of specie payments, while now the
very fact that we are providing for specie pay-
ments is conclusive in favor of the policy of
specie contracts in the future.
Not onlyought specie contracts to-be allowed,
but (hey ought to be encouraged. Every such
c.ou tract smooths the way to a general resump-
tion. 1 If they beoiae general gold now hoarded
will be let loose. This will produce an expan-
sion of. the currency. When during'specie
payments we estimate the aggregate of cur-
rency, we add the amount of specie to the
amount of convertible paper money. So when
specie payments are suspended if specie can
be made to perform some of the functions of
currency it adds so much to the volume of the
currency, and as specie contracts become gen-
eral the process of resumption is complete.
Again, while specie is the best standard of
currency, it is not the most convenient for
transportation, even from hand to hand. To
obviate this, commercial paper, bills of ex-
change, drafts, and certificates of deposit have
been devised for distant exchanges, and paper
money convertible into c'oin lias been used-for
exchanges from hand to hand. When you au-
thorize contracts in gold and make demands
for gold yoti at onco unlock for daily use the
eoin'now hoarded in private hands. You can
then provide the most important agency of
modern limes—a convertible paper currency,
always equal in value to gold, its true repre-
sentative, easy to guard, conceal, and trans-
port. It is only by restoring gold contracts
thai, you can safely avail yourself of all the
luuitiplied uses of paper money. Then, and
not'until then, you can issue paper money
based upon gold. ,-The gold now lying idle in
the Treasury maj then be utilized, made to
produce an interest by the issue of coin notes
based upon it, and thus enter into actual cir-
culation and gradually be made to perform
all the uses ot money now performed by a de-
preciated currency. This is the basis of the
fourth section of the bill, which utilizes the
gold by the issue of gold notes based upon it,
and their application to the purchase of bonds
and the reduction of interest.
And the right to make contracts in gold may
now safely and properly jje extended to banks
organized under the national banking system,
tj pon a deposit of bonds existing bunks or new
banks may be authorized to issue gold notes
equal to sixty-five per cent, of the value of
United States bond's deposited to secure their
circulation. Their payment will be in coin, but
m all other respects they may be subject to the
general provisions and limitations of the bank-
ing act. Many of the banks,"es£>eciaIlyni'eom-
niercial cities, will gladly avail themselves of
Mich a provision to withdraw their, present feir-
culation and substitute gold notes convertible
on demand into coin. With such a provision
and on such a basis the system may be free
and thus all the embarrassing questions about
the inequality of the distribution of banking
circulation will be avoided. A right conferred
upon all, without limit as to amount and upon
regulations applicable to all, would at once se-
cure to tire South and West new banking facil-
ities, and would rapidly tend to substitute coin
or its equivalent for legal-tender notes, and
withoiitthe severe process of contraction. The
objection made, that this would create two cur-
rencies of unequal values, applies as well to
.the present state of the currency, for we have
now two currencies of unequal value—gold and
legal tenders. ' ,
If we are sincere in wishing specie payments
we must not only multiply the demands for
coin; we must encourage coin contracts, issue
coin notes, both by the United States and by
the banksf and thus without contraction dis-
pense with the use of the inferior and depre-
ciated currency.
The superior value of coin notes, their use
in commercial cities, their convenience in the
gold-producing States, will soon give them
higher credit, and secure them in every part
of the country. I am confident that under
such a system the national banks will, if al-
lowed, and before specie payments are resumed,
substitute coin notes for their present circula-
tion, and that, too, without diminishing the
aggregate of circulation. Many of them have
now reserves and profits enough to make the
requisite deposit of additional bonds ; and the
gold certificates now issued from the Treasury
might be used for their coin reserves without
creating new demands for coin. ...
There is bat one other consideration I wish
to urge in favor of the sections of this bill
relating to gold contracts and gold notes, and
that grows out of the doubt that rests upon the
validity of the legal-tender act. We must not
lbrget that currency contracts depend not upon
the agreement of parties, but entirely upon the
validity of that act. This has always been
doubted, and is now contested before the
Supretae Court. I remember very well the dis-
cussions in the Senate when this act passed.
Its validity was then denied by Judge Collamer
and other able jurists, and it was only main-
tained by myself and other Senators from the
imperative necessity of supporting armies then
in the field. This necessity lias long since
ceased. There can be 110 pretense that as to-
future contracts by the United States or by
individuals there is any necessity that the .pub-
lic credit should any longer take the place of
real money. The legal-tender act is only ma-
terial as it affects existing contracts. Is it wise
to continue a measure only justified by a grave
public necessity now when the necessity has
passed ? It may be that the Supremo Court
will dopy the validity of the legal-tender act,
or limit its operation to existing contracts
made since its passage. It may subject cur-
rency contracts to enforcement in coin. Is it
not wiser to bridge over this uncertainty by
authorizing the adjustment of this matter
between the creditor and debtor?
Again, sir, the law as it now stands is pro-
ductive of gross injustice. You require nearly
one half of your taxes to be paid in gold, and
yet you will not enforce a contract by which
the merchant buys the gold for you. Cargoes
of tea, coffee, and merchandise can only be
bought in gold, and yet if property is deliv-
ered upon a promise to pay gold it cannot be
enforced. Gross and palpable injustice may
be done in a multitude of transactions neces-
sarily based upon gold by appealing to the
legal-tender act. I conclude, then, this branch
of the subject by the earnest opinion that it
was a good policy three years ago, and it
is good policy now, to allow all parties'to stip-
ulate the time when, the amount, and the me-
dium of payment, s"abj£ct' to''the general laws
of fraud, usury, and forc/s. ' Free trade in do-
mestic productions,-liberty to contract and be
contracted with, has never been restrained be-
fore. Let us restore these rights ; and havinc
also provided a paper representative of the
coin in the Treasury of the United States and
a bank currency convertible into gold and
founded upon the highest securities, let us now
deal with the much more difficult question—
the appreciation of the present currency to the
standard of gold.
-If this question affected alone the Govern-
ment of the United States we might resume
specie payments very soon; sooner even than
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumxer]
proposes. By funding a portion of the United
States notes, by requiring the banks to'main-
tain their full reserves m legal tenders, by
withdrawing the three per cent, certificates, and
by the use of the gold in the Treasury, we could
resume at once. This process might increase
the bonded indebtedness of the United States
$100,000,000 and the interest $5,000,000; but
our revenues are ample in gold to pay the in-
creased interest, and the actual saving in the
current expense of the Government by the
reduction of prices to the gold standard would
be double and perhaps quadruple the increased
interest. The body of our expenditure being
the interest of the public debt, is now payable
in gold, and its burden is not increased by
specic payments, while the saving in expendi-
ture and the probable saving by the funding of
the debt at a lower interest would largely ex-
ceed any interest we would have to pay on notes
withdrawn from circulation. ~-i-
And if the burden of resumption fell alone
upon the national banks the task would be an
easy one. Their securities, deposited with the
Treasurer of the United States, are now nearly
equal in gold to the amount of their circula-
tion. A call under the banking act of ten per
cent, additional security could be easily met
by the great body of them,andthns enable them
to resume whenever the United States is pre-
pared to resume. Their profits in the past
have been large. Those not now strong enough
to perform the great object of their organiza-
tion, namely, to furnish a uniform currency
convertible into gold, may well give way to other
banks ready to take their places.
But redemption by the banks means redemp-
tion by all their debtors; by the merchants,
manufacturers, and traders of the country.
And we are therefore compelled to deal with
this question, not as affects the United States
and the banks merely, but as it affects ail the
people of the United States. How will the
appreciation of the currency affect their inter-
ests? Suppose it accomplished, how will it
affect different individuals? A person entirely
Out of debt but possessed of property of pro-
ductive value would not be affected by the
change. His property would be of less nom-
inal value, but it would be of the same intrinsic
value. Its producing capacity is undiminished.
It will buy the same food, cSo-tfaiug, and neces-
saries of life. The relative, value of commod-
ities to cach other is not affected by the cur-
rency used, but by supply and demand.
If the currency is depreciated it will take
more of it to purchase the article. If it is
appreciated it will take less ; but the appreci-
ation or depreciation of the currency does not
affect the price of other commodities in their
relation to each other. This ean only be af-
fected by the demand for them, by the supply
of them, and ultimately by the cost of produc-
ing them.
So a man without property and ndt in debt,
but who depends upon his Tabor for his support,
is not in the end affected merely by an appre-
ciation in the currency. His wages may be
less, but what he receives of the appreciated
currency has the same purchasing power as the
higher wages received before. The change does
affect Mm for a "time, for land and labor are
the last commodities to feel a change in the
currency. The immediate effect of a depreci-
ation in the currency is injurious to Mm, for his
food and clothing rise more quickly than his
labor, but appreciation' of the currency is im-
mediately beneficial to him for the reason that
his labor does not fall in price so quickly as
food and clothing. The value of labor, how-
ever, inay be disastrously affected by the mode
of appreciation.^ If it is brought about by a
sudden contraction the result will be a suspen-
sion of work, of enterprises, and consequently
a reduction in the price of labor.
