1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
631
Considering the amount involved and the dif-
ferent nationalities concerned, you couldhardly
oierestimate the importance of the question.
It should be coolly, calmly, and thoroughly
considered. Great toleration and forbearance
should be observed in the discussion. High
authority has declared that the subject is "mys-
terious" in some of its relations. There are
gentlemen in this Chamber who do not under-
stand ''mysteries," and those who do should
deal tenderly with their ignorance in that re-
gard. There are very few men who can see
very far into the future. The great mass of
mankind cannot even tell what a day or an hour
will bring forth. A leading lawyer of Kentucky
said that he admitted the foreknowledge of God
as a general proposition, and withonly one ex-
ception, that he did not believe that God Him-
self could tell in advance how a county court
would decide a case. [Laughter.] Skepticism
shall neverinduce metoplacealimitation upon
the attributes of the Almighty; but I will state
that no power short of Omniscience can dis-
close what the Radical party will do between
this and the 1st day of July, 1871, nor what
will be the financial condition of the country at
that period. [Renewed laughter.] Various
opinions are entertained by thoughtful and
intelligent ineu, and proscription, fierce and
vindictive as it may be, will tail to harmonize
action or sentiment upon the subject.
The President of the United States in his
last annual message, remembering his early
struggles, sympathizing with those who are now
encountering even greater difficulties, and de-
siring that a time should come when poverty
should lift, up its head and rejoice, and wheu
labor should be emancipated from the thraldom
of capital, ventured to give utterance to an idea
which had been floating unexpressed in his
brain for more than a year. Even if it were
heresy, the generous impulse which prompted
it should have been a shield to protect it from
assault. But hardly had the words fallen from
the lips of the reader when Senators sprang to
their feet and proceeded in angry phrase to
denounce and condemn it. But the theme was
changed. A wail for the dead fell in sad and
mournful accents upon the ear ; eulogies of
Stevens followed the censures of Johnson, and
twenty funeral orations, pouring forth a long
tribute to the genius of the departed, silenced
for a season the thunders that had been play-
ing around the head of the living statesman.
I do hope that no gentleman will take excep-
tion to what I am about to say. We have had
discord and dissension enough. If there be
one among us whose warlike spirit prompts
him to deeds of chivalry, let him go to Turkey
or to Greece and fight it out on that line, bear-
ing with him the glad tidings that "all is quiet
on the Potomac." [Laughter.] Approving
and indorsing the sentiment put forth by the
veteran who is ere long to preside over our
destinies, and animated by the same pacific dis-
position, 1 say now, henceforth and. forever,
"Let us have peace." [Great laughter.] The
country, without respect to race or color, would
be more prosperous and happy if we could only
have peace. As it would be an endless under-
taking to attempt a reference to all that has been
said or written upon the financial question, I
shall confine my remarks to a very brief review
of some of the positions taken by the distin-
guished Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Mortox,]
and shall rely for my facts entirely upon the
reports of the Treasurer and the Secretary of
the Treasury.
'These gentlemen, however widely they may
differ in other respects, concur in the utter
detestation, scorn, and contempt which they
entertain toward repudiation. Language would
fail to express the horror which would seize
upon their souls at the bare thought that the
Government would ever dishonor the very
smallest of its engagements or repudiate any
of its obligations. A spotless virgin would not
more instinctively fly from the vile presence
of a seducer than they would shrink from the
contaminating influence of a man so lost to
shame as to breathe a suspicion against the
national honor. [Laughter.] Such a crime
would sink him so low in their estimation that
repentance and remorse could never raise him
from the depths of his degradation.
It is a fact that good morals and good char-
acter depend upon the observance of good
faith in all transactions, public and private.
It is equally true that profession and practice
are not always traveling companions in this
world. Repudiation, hideous as it may apppar,
is not such a stranger in this land as to startle
us by its novelty. Instances occur very early
and very late in our history. The patriots of
the Revolution, without an effort at redemp-
tion, abandoned the paper currency which had
been paid to the farmers who fed and the sol-
diers who fought. The last act of repudiation
is of recent date, and consisted in appropriat-
ing a large amount of private property to pub-
lic use without any compensation to the own-
ers. The Constitution provides that—
" No person shall be deprived of property without
due process of law; nor shall private property be
taken for public use without just compensation."
In pursuance of this provision Congress
passed a law allowing loyal owners §300 each
for the slaves enlisted in the war. Commis-
sioners were appointed to hear and determine
the claims, but before a dollar was paid the
law was suspended and the debt virtually re-
pudiated. The law itself was a very feeble
attempt to meet the requirements of the Con-
stitution, as just compensation implies the full
value of the property. Men were stripped of
their earnings, widows of their dowry, orphans
of their inheritance, and the soldier who had
followed the flag from the beginning to the end
of the war had to submit quietly to the repu-
diation of his claim.
The constitutional provision to which I have
adverted was in full force at the time when the
act was done. The Constitution was the su-
preme law of the land, or, as Mr. Webster has
forcibly expressed it, it was the bond, and the
sole bond, of our Union. No civil officer could
enter upon the discharge of his duties until he
had taken a solemn oath to support it. In view
of these facts I would ask any honest man to
lay his hand upon his heart and say if the peo-
ple of Kentucky have been rightfully deprived
of the property which they held under the
double guarantee of Constitution and of law?
I do not ask him to decide it by the Declaration
of Independence, nor by the star-spangled
banner, nor by the higher law, [laughter,] but
by the sacred compact which our fathers formed
for our government, by the charter which
secures our liberties, by the Constitution which
was intended to protect our property.
Lest a returning sense of justice should in-
duce some legislative body to make some rep-
aration for the wrong inflicted upon a loyal
community, the fourth section of the fourteenth
amendment provides that neither the United
States nor any State shall ever pay for the loss
or emancipation of any slave, but that such
obligation shall be held illegal and void. This
clause is retroactive and nullifies the force
of existing obligations, and how far it would
receive the sanction of our highest judicial tri-
bunal is a matter which is yet to be tested.
However, if danger should be apprehended
from that quarter, following the precedent set
in the McArdle case, the jurisdiction could be
repealed by an act of Congress declaring that
the Supreme Court should take cognizance of
no case involving a constitutional question.
[Laughter.]
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his report,
alludes incidentally to the inequality of the
burden of taxation, and doubtless realizes its
utterly exhaustive influence upon those sec-
tions where no bonds are held and where none
of the interest is distributed. But he forgot to
notice the hardship, the oppression, and the
wrong involved in the act of depriving whole
communities of one half of their estates with-
out process of law and without compensation,
and then taxing the remainder to pay the inter-
est on claims which rest upon no more solid
foundation than their own. Has the Govern-
ment kept faith with its own citizens? A dom-
inant party may defy the Constitution, trample
upon the rights of the weak, and sport with
their misfortunes; but the fires of fanaticism
j cannot always burn, the passions of men will
! grow cool, and the day will come when justice
and public faith, beneficent as the Constitution
and broad as the Union, will prevail.
If gentlemen really desire to constitute them-
selves the peculiar friends and guardians of the
public faith, if they wish to preserve it pure
and unspotted, they should pursue a course of
impartial justice toward all the creditors of the
United States. In discharging their high trust
let no preferences, partialities, or prejudices
warp their judgment or control their action ;
and above all, let them do nothing in violation
of the Constitution. The public indebtedness,
large as it is, is going for the most part to our
own citizens, and in view of their equal rights,
pay all or pay none; or if they can only pay a
part let them refer the matter to a master
commissioner for a pro rata distribution of
the assets among all the creditors in exact
proportion to their several demands. What-
ever may be the hardship of such a measure
it will fall upon all alike, and those who have
been drawing the gold will have less reason to
complain than those who never received a cent.
A discrimination among American citizens is
iu flagrant violation of the fundamental princi-
ples of our free institutions and a fraud upon
the equal rights of the people. Our Govern-
ment was established to secure the rights and
to perpetuate the liberties of the people, and
not as an engine of oppression and torture to
degrade and enslave them.
The condition of the country in a financial
point of view is alarming; and most of the
remedies prescribed appear to be temporary
in their character. Many of them propose, in
certain contingencies, to issue more bonds,
as if the bonds already in existence were not
absorbing the means and consuming the sub-
stance of the people. That relief which eomes
from increasing the burden will not meet tny
approbation. The desperate situation of our
affairs is rendered perfectly manifest by the
conflicting and contradictory measures advo-
cated by statesmen of great capacity and of
enlarged experience. Scarcely any two agree,
and yet each one has the utmost confidence iu
the wisdom and policy of his own scheme.
The speech of the distinguished Senator from
Indiana in support of his proposition was an
effort of great vigor, and as an intellectual dis-
play would compare favorably with anything
that has been lately delivered in this Chamber.
He began his voyage amid the convulsions of
revolution, circumnavigated the globe, visiting
England, Germany, France, and Spain, and,
more fortunate than Captain Cook, he entered
the ports of redemption and reconstruction with
flying streamers, under cloudless skies, and
impelled by pleasant breezes. [Great laughter.]
He came overland from California, developing
a sufficiency of gold in that State and the Ter-
ritories to pay our debts and put us on the high
road to prosperity, and after all he returns to
us with courage on his brow and a constitution
invigorated by the toils and dangers through
which he has passed. [Renewed laughter.]
If his discoveries should prove of little value
to the currency or the country we can at least
rejoice at the restoration of his health. What-
ever may be thought of the speech in other
respects, it will be the unanimous verdict of
candid men that it is the most cheering and
hopeful presentation of our financialaffdirs that
will be made during the present generation.
The Secretary of the Treasury, with the am-
plest means of information, seems to be puz-
zled and bewildered by the difficulties of the
situation. He shows very clearly that Webster
and himself were alike inimical to a depreciated
currency, and by extending his researches he
might have discovered that other men enter-
tained similar opinions on that subject. [Laugh-
ter.] He recommends tbat Congress shall pass
a law legalising gold contracts, and I can see
no very particular objection to that proposi-
