1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
besides this they hold in State stocks and i;
other securities more than two hundred million
dollars : and the Secretary says that we are even I;
now increasing our debt to Europe at the rate j|
of sixty or seventy million dollars per annum !j
m the form of gold-bearing bonds. When !|
Europe shall hold all our bonds the gold prod-
uct of' California and all the Territories will be
insufficient to pay the interest. Our purchases
abroad are made mostly in gold-bearing bonds,
and if this shall cease the receipts from cus-
toms must cease wiih it, and the tax gatherer
must hunt for currency where it is scarce, and
for gold where there is none, to support the
Government and to pay the debt. Bortow- !
ing from one man to pay another is the con- :
trivance of a bankrupt, and the adoption of
such measures on our part would only de-
velop the utter hopelessness of our situation.
In addition to the burdens already enumer-
ated our commercial marine has been sold to
foreigners, and the cost of our transportation
goes into their pockets.
The Secretary ascribes the great reduction
in the amount derived from internal revenue to
inefficient collection and to a reduction of taxes.
This may be partially true at the present time,
but it will not be long before still a further re-
duction will be attributed to the exhaustion of
the people. Their capacities are truly won-
derful, but wonderful as they are, human en-
ergy and human endurance have a limit. Five
hundred millions of dollars is a large sum to
be drawn yearly from the labor of the country
in the shape of taxation. Is there any system
of labor upon earth that could stand such a
drain? Our largest river would cease to flow
and his bed would become dry and parchedif the
clouds did not bear back the volume of water
he discharges into the Gulf. But here is a
financial gulf into which pours a golden stream,
but from its metallic surface arises no moist-
ure, no vapor, no rain to cheer and to bless
the sources of its supply. How long can it
continue to flow? How long "will thirty mil-
lion people be content to pour the golden fruits
of their unrequited toil into the bosom of this
gulf which, like the Dead sea, has no outlet?
Ireland has groaned under a similar infliction
until the " gieenest isle of the ocean" has lost
its verdure, and until penury and want are the
only inheritance of her children. The great
law of self-preservation forces them to leave
her borders in search of the means of subsist-
ence, and whither will they fly when American,
like Irish labor, is made tributary to the capital
and the power of other countries? When
Europe shall hold our bonds the effort to
discharge them must end in exhausting the
means of payment. It would be useless^ to
attempt to stop the current that is sweeping
our gold and gold securities to Europe. Many
of our citizens have become suddenly and vastly
enriched by speculation, peculation, and spo-
liation. The simplicity of American manners
and of republican institutions palls upon their
pampered tastes; titles, crowns, and courts
flit before their imaginations, and they will
exchange their bonds or thei r gold for an oppor-
tunity of beholding with their own eyes the
pomp and pride and pageantry of a genuine
aristocracy.
In speaking of restoring the tax on manu-
factures, abolished in March last, the Secretary
says:
" The objections to the restoration of this tax are
that it would indicate vacillation 011 tho part of
Congress."
I hope that I have been reasonably consist-
ent in life ; but I am willing to vacillate a lit-
tlein that direction. [Laughter.] Heproceeds:
" It is also apparent that if restored it would fail
to be permanent, by reason of the persistent and
united hostility ot acla-s of citizens influeiiti.il and
powx'iiul, and whooe influence and power are rapidly
This is one of the most fearful declarations
that ever proceeded from any of the Depart-
ments of our Government. And is it true that
the President and his Cabinet have become the
agents and the servants of a privileged class,
and that Congress, forgetful of its solemn duties
to the sovereign people, protects the rich in
order that the scourge may be applied with
more fatal effect to the productive industry of
the country ? From the decision of the Secre-
tary I appeal to the grand inquest of the nation
upon the distinct issue that wealth and influence
are not good grounds for the exemption of any
portion of our citizens from their justand equal
proportion in all the responsibilities of govern-
ment. Neither policy nor wisdom nor justice
demands an exemption in favor of those who
are most able to pay.
In the plan of resumption proposed by the
able Senator from Indiana his own misgivings
as to the result are shadowed forth. Why does
he allow six months' additional time to the
national banks? The moment that a bona,fide
resumption takes place on the part of the Gov-
ernment the banks will be able to resume.
There is nothing in their business nor in their
situation that commends them in an especial
manner to the fostering care of Congress.
They are sixteen hundred or more in number,
with a capital of $400,000,000, upon which
they draw from Government a yearly interest
of |24,000,000. This sum is paid to them
with the privilege of fleecing the people out
of $30,000,000 more. They are probably as
well to do as any institutions in the country.
But the provision was not intended entirely
for their benefit. They are required to hold an
amount of greenbacks equal to their circulation :
and by postponing the day of their resump-
tion they are relied 011 as safety-valves to with-
hold the" greenbacks from presentation for pay-
ment. These banks are generally conducted
by men of sagacity and foresight in financial
affairs. Knowing that gold under any circum-
stances would be as good as greenbacks, it is
fair to presume that each bank would have a
trusty agent in Washington on the 1st day of
July, 1871, and all of them would be instructed
to be convenient to the Treasury Department
when the hour of resumption should arrive ;
and when it did come, without the sound of a
drum or the note of a bugle, they would move
to the onset,
" Firm-paced and slow, a scnied front they form,
Still as the breeze, but dreadful asthe storm."
[Great laughter.]
If the Secretary should desire to render im-
partial justice to his customers it will require
a force of sixteen hundred money counters to
meet the demand. Let him appoint that num-
ber and the sun of that day will set upon an
empty Treasury. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORTON. I voted to displace the rail-
road bill before the Senate^this morning for
the purpose of giving the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance and the Senator from Ken-
tucky an opportunity of making their speeches.
I now move to postpone the present bill with
a view to again bring the railroad bill before
the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope, now that this bill
is before us, that we shall go 011 with its con-
sideration. It is a question of general moment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Indi-
ana, to postpone the further consideration of the
bill for the purpose of taking up the Central
Branch railroad bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust we shall go on
with the bill now before us. Let me say, we all
know, as matter of history, that there is no
prospect of this railroad bill becoming a law
if it should pass the Senate. It will iead to a
long debate. Already a new mine of discussion
has been opened between the Senator from
Kansas [Mr. Pomep.oy] and the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Coxkun'G.] If we pass the
bill we make no progress with _ it. because we
are already officially advised of the action of
the House upon a bill which we have recently
sent to them. What is the use, therefore, in
prolonging the discussion upon the railroad
bill and delaying the Senate with it? I hope
that the bill now before us may be proceeded
with. Let us go as far as we can with it to-day,
and I trust we can get a vote before long.
Mr. HOWARD. The bill of the Senator
from Ohio has been taken up, and he has had
an opportunity to express himself freely upon
it. I understood heretofore that that was the
main object which the Senator had in view at
the present time. And now, sir, I hope we
shall resume the consideration of the railroad
bill. I think we can come to a vote upon it
to-day before we adjourn ; I trust so ; and I ask
the frirnds of the bill to stand by it.
Mr. SUMNER. There is no reason why we
should not have a vote right off.
Mr. NYE. I do not know upon what au-
thoritvthe honorable Senator from Ohio speaks
when he tells us that there is no prospect of
this bill becoming a law if it passes the Semite.
I do not know what information he has on that
subject that other Senators have not.
Mr. SHERMAN. The House ofRepresenta-
tives have passed a resolution declaring that
they will grant no more subsidies. They have
even defeated or referred a bill which we had
passed extending slightly the subsidy to tho
eastern division.
Mr. NYE. I suggest to the honorable Sena-
tor from Ohio that that is no reason why this
body should not do its duty. If these people
are in the right they should have the relief they
ask, and if the House of Representatives refuse
it to them it does not relieve us from our re-
sponsibility. Ihope, therefore, that that argu-
ment will not prevail.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 2o ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Buckalew, Chandler,
Cragin, Doolittle, Drake, Ferry, Fessenden, Fowler.
Grimes, Harlan, Hendricks. Howard, McDonald,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norton, Nye, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Rice, Ross. Sawyer, Sumner, Thayer, Van
Winkle. Vickers, "Welch, and Wilson—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Catteli, Cole, Colliding,
Corbett, Da,vis, Dixon, Edmunds, IrelinBiiuyscn,
llarrU, Henderson, Howe, McCreery. Morgan,
Morrill of Vermont, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Patterson of Tennessee, Pool, Sherman, Trumbull,
Wade. Warner, YVliyte, Willey,and Williams—26.
ABSENT1 — Messrs. Bayard, Cumeion, t'onness,
ICellosg, Osborn, Robertson, Saulsbury, Spencor,
Spraeue, Stewart, Tipton, and Yates—12.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.  
CENTRAL BRANCH PACIFIC KAILIIOAI).
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thelites-
tion now is on taking up the railroad bill, so
called.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
256) relating to the Central Branch Union
Pacific Railroad Company, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment proposed by Mr.
Coxklin'g.
Mr. POMEROY. I said this morning that
I should occupy the time of the Senate 011 this
bill just long enough to make what I thought
necessary, a correction in regard to distances.
So far as I am concerned I shall be as biief as
possible, because Ihope the vote will be taken
011 the bill to-day. I make my statement from
the Railroad Guide so far as it relates to the
Union Pacific Railroad Company, and from
the Railroad Guide so far as it relates to the
Union Pacific railroad, eastern division, so
far as their roads are built, and from the actual
survey from the quartermaster's department
for the rest of the route. In the quartermas-
ter's department the measurement was made
by Lieutenant R. M. Brown, of the United
States corps of engineers.
It was understood when we adjourned yes-
terday, from a remark made by the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Coxkling,] that this
road could make a connection with the Union
Pacific nearer at Cheyenne by about one hun-
dred and thirty miles than by the other route.
The Senator said, however, that it was one
hundred and thirty miles or more nearer to
Denver, and that this company could prose-
cute its work by a subsidy of forty miles and
be on a nearer connection. That is the only
point I desire to speak upon, and I shall occupy
but a moment.
i The distance from the end of this road to
! Fort Kearny by the bill is one hundred and
