636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washbubne] asks consent that the
Committee on Appropriations be discharged
from the further consideration of some ques-
tion, and that the subject be referred to the
Committee on Printing, with authority to in-
vestigate and to send for persons and papers,
provided this shall involve no expense. .
Mr. CHANLER. I object; because-we do
not know what is the subject proposed to be
investigated.
TIIADJE WITH CANADA, ETC.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask unan-
imous consent to submit the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the House a statement
of the effects of the repeal of the treaty of reciprocity
upon the trade of the United States with the Domin-
ion of Canada and the other provinces of British
North America, and any information at his command
as to the present condition of such provinces, and the
relations between them, and the state of the Ameri-
ca*i and British fisheries on or near the Gulf of St.
Lawrence.
Mr. McCarthy. I object.
RESUMPTION Oi? SPECIE PAYMENTS.
Mr. McKEE. I call for the regular order.
J The SPEAKER. Tlie regular order is the
consideration of the unfinished business pend-
ing at the adjournment yesterday, being, the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill (il. R. No. 1364) to provide for the grad-
ual resumption of specie payments was recom-
mitted to the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency. The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
SconiSLD] is entitled to the floor for eight
minutes.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the House to add
seventeen minutes to my time, that I may have
twenty-fife minutes in all.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the gentleman from Pennsylvania will bo al-
lowed twenty-five minutes in which to make
his remarks.
There was no objection.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, what shall
we have for money in this country? I do not
mean just now while we are in a pinch, but in
the future when we become masters of the
financial situation. Shall it be exclusively
metallic? I suppose not. There were at one
time a few advocates of hard money in the
country, but I know of no^ne now. If not me-
tallic it must be paper. Then what kind of
paper? Shall we revive State banking? I hope
not. Its complexity, panics, failures, frauds,
and counterfeits condemn it, and the Constitu-
tion, properly construed, forbids it. We are
loft, then, to a choice between United States
notes, something likeourgreenbacks, and bank
notes something like our national currency.
.Before we choo3e between them each system
should be amended, or considered a&amended,
so us to be what we would want it to be-in case
of its exclusive adoption.
First. Banking should be free to all. Each
bank should undertake to redeem its notes in
coin upon demand, and give security for the
undertaking. This would probably be a suffi-
cient limitation as to the amount of currency.
Second. A plan should be contrived .by
which th<* Government would save as much or
nearly as much, less the expense, as if the
notes were issued'by the Treasury, instead of
the banks. It is said that this is the case now
i erhaps it is; but it should be put in the form
of reduced interest upon the bonds instead of
taxes, so that we can nil see exactly what is
saved. Otherwise wants of trade raay be over-
looked in the straits of the Treasury. With
these, and perhaps other niodifications of'the
national banking system, let us see which of the
two kinds of paper is mostdesirable.' The Treas-
ury could have no choice, because the Govern-
ment would save or make as much on the one
kind of paper as the other. The billholdor
could have no choice, because his security in
each case would be exactly the same, except
that in the one case the responsibility of the
corporation would be added to that of "the
Government—an addition, perhaps, too trifling
for consideration. Which, then, is best for
trade? Trade needs stability in prices. To
make prices stable the amount of currency and
the amount of trade should always bear the
same relation to each other. If the amount
of trade varies during the year, or from year
to year, the amount of currency should vary
also. Otherwise prices would go up and down
from mere excess or lack of currency. This
want of trade has never been perfectly met by
any system. It probably never will be. But
the currency furnished by a free-banking sys-
tem will supply it more nearly than any other.
It is capable of expanding as trade expands
and contracting as trade contracts. Not so
with a Treasury currency ; that must expand
and contract as laws are made or repealed by
Congress. Congress cannotalways guess what
trade wants, nor be willing to respond to those
wants if it could. The necessities of the
Treasury, the preparation for an election, or a
change of the administration would generally
dictate the increase or decrease of currency.
Legislation thus controlled by political reasons
must necessarily be arbitrary and unseasonable.
No business man would feel safe while Con-
gress was in session. A line or two of law
might wipe out half his securities or double his
liabilities. Free banking, on the other hand,
is self-regulating, or rather it is regulated by
the demands of business. Its notes will be
plenty when trade is brisk and scarce when
trade is dull, and thus prices will be kept stable.
It has been supposed that this flexibility could
be imparted to the Treasury currency by allow-
ing the notes to be converted into bonds and
the bonds into notes at the pleasure of the
holder. The effect of this scheme would be
very different, I apprehend, from its purpose.
The notes and bonds, being convertible into
each other, would always be of exactly the
same value. Except in the convenience of
handling one would be as good a medium of
exchange as the other. The result would be
that nearly all the notes would be converted
into bonds for the sake of the interest, and the
bonds used in all large transactions in place of
the notes. Substantially, the bonds would all
become currency. It would make a great infla-
tion ot currency, and the Government would be
paying interest on nearly the whole of it.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Bbtj.er] has given us the details of a plan
based upon this principle. It provides that the
holder of any portion of the bonds bearing six
per cent, interest in coin may exchange the
same for currency at the rate of ninety per
cent, of its par value, and while the bonds are
so deposited and exchanged receive yearly inter-
est thereon at the rate of two and thirty-five
hundredths per cent. A man having §1,000
could purchase with it a bond of the same
amount, and at once deposit it and get back
$000 of his money. He would thus be out of
]DOcket only $100, but he would annually draw
from the Treasury as interest on his bond, at
the rate of two and thirty-five hundredths per
cent, $23 50.
The gentleman saysthere are $1,750,000,000
of these convertible bonds. This large inter-
est would cause them all to be converted, and
we would thus have $1,575,000,000 of cur-
rency beside the $350,000,000 which the gen-
tleman proposes to i^sue in advance in the
place of the greenbacks. If the whole $1,750-
000,000 were deposited, and ninety percent, of
their par value returned in currency, the bond-
holders would be out of pocket'$175,000,000,
and would receive from the. Government as
interest $41,125,'000. The interest upon their
money actually invested would be twenty-three
andfifty hundredthspercent. The bondholder
would make a good deal of money by the oper-
ation, and the Government would save some
interest, but the country would be afflicted with
$l,925j000,000 of irredeemable paper. If you
thus make it an object to convert the bonds,
all will be converted, and we wilt have a' de-
structive flood of paper. If holding the bonds
pays best the notes will be converted and the"
bonds used as currency. The inflation will be
nearly as disastrous as in the other case, while
the Government must carry a heavier load of
interest than ever before.
To avoid fhis objection it has been proposed,
to make only a limited amount of bonds and
notes convertible. Within this limit the effect
would be the same, with this additional disad-
vantage: all who desired to reduce the amount
of currency, either for speculation or to approx-
imate specie payments, would convert the notes
and hold the bonds. They could afford to do
this, because they would receive a fair interest
upon the money, while they .were at the same
time securing what they would consider a more
important end, to wit, a contraction of cur-
rency and fall of prices.
When, then, we shall settle down to a specie-
paying paper currency, I am inclined to give'
the preference to a system of national banking
free to all, and paying into the Treasury as
much money as the Government could save
by issuing its own notes. No other system
could make the bill-holder more secure, earn
more for the Treasury, nor so well supply the
wants of trade.
This system cannot be adopted until after
we resume specie payments; and this leads
me to inquire how and when resumption shall
begin. To answer this question I will ask
another: how much paper will our share of
the world's gold and silver keep afloat? Be-
fore the war, under the old system of State
banking, we were able to carry about two hun-
dred million dollars. We can carry much more
now, both because the world has more specie
now than it had then, and because we would
require less specie, owing to our improved sys-
tem of banking and securities, to float the
same amount of paper. It is hard to say how
much paper we could keep out, but I will sup-
pose $500,000,000. This is a rough guess,
designed as an illustration rather than as a
statement of fact. On this supposition the
$700,000,000 of paper now out would diminish
after resumption to $500,000,000, or to such
other sum as would be shown by experience to
be our maximum. Specie payments, then,
involves a contraction of the currency.
Whether this contraction should take place
in advance, in preparation for, or follow as the
effect of resumption, I do not care just hereto
consider. I am only asserting that we will
have considerably less paper when we have
specie payments than we have now. The effect
of this contraction must be a fall in prices.
Whenever we are prepared to submit to this
and take the consequences we can find ways
enough to bring it about. Many plans have'
been proposed^ all feasible, though perhaps
not all equally good. One is to resume at
once, in .the belief that gold will come into the
Treasury as fast as it will be drawn out. The
New York Tribune advocates this way. Pos-
sibly this plan would succeed. Possibly the
Treasury would receive as much gold as i't
would be required to pay out; but if we did
continue to pay specie, [ am quite sure we
would soon reduce the amount of currency,
prices would fall, and the debtor class suffer.
Another plan is to fix a time of resumption,
and saveup enough gold to make it certain
that we will be able to meet all demands. This,
I think, is Senator Morton's plan. This-
would be pretty sure to enable us to continue
specie payments once begun; but it would not,
as is supposed, enable us to float our present
amount of paper. If we thus secured more'
gold than would ordinarily stay in this coun-
try, it would flaw back to its accustomed pools'
as soon as it was put upon tap, and we would-
soon be left with as much paper currency as
our proper share of the world's gold would
float, and no more. Low prices would follow
as before. Another plan is to reduce the paper-
currency to an amount which we might sup-
pose could be kept afloat, and then resum-3.
This is Secretary McCulloch's plan. The plan
is good enough, but the effect would be pre-
