THE .CXMGRESSIOjSUL GLOBE.
January: 27,
. Mr. PERHAM. There is another provision
of law Tyhieli applies to cases of that kind; this
does not. * ,
Mr. LOGAN. 'There isno.provision appli-
cable to those cases, fori have had a case
pending for a year past where a man's .arms
were shot off while engaged in, the service to
which I -have_ referred, and yet he has been
refused a.pension. '
Mr. PERHAM. This provision does.not
refer to that subject at all; but the cases're-
ferred to by the gentleman are provided for
by another portion of this bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I am pretty certain%that they
are not covered by this bill or by any law.
Mr. PERHAM. I now call the previous
question on ihe amendment of the committee
and the pending amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. HARDING. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Perham] if the provis-
ion now before the House applying to pris-
oners at Andersonville extends to all prisoners
at all the other prisons of the confederacy ?
And does it also include all persons confined
there for want offidelity to the southern confed-
eracy, or is it limited to enlisted men?
Mr. PERHAM. Perhaps I had better ex-
plain the object of this section. The law as it
now is provides that any person not an en-
listed man who volunteered and served in any
regularly organized body of men in the service
of the United States, and who was killed in
the service or received wounds in the service,
shall be embraced within the provisions of the
pension laws. The amendment of the com-
mittee proposes to extend that provision to
such persons who, while acting in such tempo-
rary service, may have been captured and sent
to rebel prisons, and there dietj, or contracted
disease of which they afterward died.
Mr. HARDING. Whafrkind of organization
and what kind of volunteering? By what means
is it to be ascertained that they did volunteer?
Mr. PERHAM. They must have volun-
teered and served in some regularly organized
furce of the United States.
Mr. I-IARDING. Would not all camp-fol-
lowers who volunteered, in any battle come
under this provision? '
Mr. PERHAM. It is desired by some mem-
bers^ that the time named within which these
applicants shall complete their testimony shall
he extended from three to five years. I have
110 objection to that, and will modify the amend-
ment accordingly.
The SPEAKER. The amendment haying
been reported from a committee it cannot now
he modified except by unanimous consent.
Mr. PERHAM. I ask unanimous consent
for the purpose.
No objection was made; andthe amendment
of the committee was modified accordingly.
Mr. PERHAM. I now call the previous
question on the amendment and amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. HARDING. I hope the gentleman will
not call the previous question, for I want to
be heard upon this subject.
Mr, MYERS. Will the gentleman yield to
me to offer an amendment?
Mr. PERHAM. I- will hear it read.
Ihe SPEAKER, There are now pending
an amendment and an amendment to the
amendment. No other amendment can now
®^tertained except by unanimous consent.
I he question recurred upon seconding the
call for the previous question.
Mr. HARDING. Is it in-order now to move
that the pending amendment and the amend-
ment to the amendment-be'laid on the table?
The SPEAKER. That motion will be in
order. , .
n^,r' ' Tiien I make that motion.
Ihe SPEAKER, ihe effect of the motion,
if it shall be agreed to, will he t6 carry the bill
on the table also. Does the gentleman insist
upon his motion?
Mr. HARDING. I should like to be heard.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HARDING. Then I insist, upon.my
motion.
Mr. PERHAM. I desire to say- 
.Mr. CHANLER. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Harding ; and beingtaken, upon a division
there were—ayes 27, noes 84.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon seconding the
call for the previous question upon theamend-
ment of the Committee on Invalid Pensions
and the amendment pending thereto.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The first question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Paine to the amendmentof the committee.
Mr. PAINE. I modify my amendment to
read as follows:
Provided further, That no pension shall hereafter
bo paid in any case to any person, or to the widow,
heirs, or legal representatives of any person, who shall
have engaged in insurrection or rebellion against the
United States or given aid and comfort to the ene-
mies thereof, unless such person shallhave thereafter
served in the Army, Navy, or Marine corps of the
United States.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent to make a suggestion. If that amend-
ment should be adopted if ought to be inserted
just before the last clause of the amendment
of the committee.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman misunder-
stands the scops of my amendment 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paine] desires unanimous consent
to make a statement. Is there objection?
Mr. HARDING. I object.
The question beingtaken on the amendment
of Mr. Paine to the amendment reported from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, it was
agreed to ; there being—ayes 6-1, noes 55.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. PERHAM. I wish to say that I desire
to yield for the offering of all proper amend-
ments ; but I hope gentlemen will remember
that we have but little time for the considera-
tion of this bill. The committee has an im-
mense amount of business yet to present.
Mr. INGBRSOLL. Is it in order now, Mr.
Speaker, for me to debate the amendment I
proposed yesterday to strike out the second
section ?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Perham,] the chairman of the
committee, does not claim the floor the Chair
will award it to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I understand that the
chairman of the committee is willing to yield
to me.
. Mr. CHANLER. I.rise to a point of order.
I understand that the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sohbsck] has the floor by the sanction
of the Chair, if the gentleman from Maine does
not claim it; and unless the gentleman from
Maine yields to him or goes on himself I must
object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] would
be recognized if the chairman of the commit-
tee did not claim the floor. The bill beingnow
before the House for the first time as amended
the chairman of the committee is by the usage
entitled to the floor if he claims it.
Mr. CHANLER. 1 do not object to his
having the floor; but I do object to his yield-
ing it unless he yields to the gentleman from
Ohio. = ,
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the Speaker permit
me to make an inquiry? The gentleman from
Maine, the chairman of the committee, not
claiming the floor, I expected to get it for the
purpose of moving an amendment; and I
thought I was recognized by the Ghair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that ho
■would, award the floor to the gentleman from
Ohio-if the chairman of the committee did not
claim if. The Chair could not -tell whether
the-chairman claimed it or not, as he has been
standing during the greater part of the time
since the morninghour commenced. The Chair
now understands that he claims the floor, and
he is therefore entitled to it.
Mr. PERHAM. I intended to claim it, and
I thought I did.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to move to amend by
adding to the section lastadopted the following:
Provided, That this section shall apply to all per-
sons who may havebeen disabledinthepcrformauce
of duty under the authority of the Government of the
United States in aiding in the arrest of deserters
from the Army of the United States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a point of order.
I-submit that as the section has already been
adopted.it is not now open to amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of ord^r. When a provision has been
incorporated in a bill by a vote of the House
it cannot be struck out except by striking out
additional matter ; but new matter may be
added. The gentleman will find, by referring
to page 9 of the Digest, the statement that an
amendment which has been inserted may be
added to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is a section which has
been adopted in lieu of another section open to
amendment?
The SPEAKER. Itcanbeadded to, accord-
ing to a specific rule in the Digest.
Mr. PERHAM. I have no objection to
allowing a vote upon the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
On agreeing to the amendment, there were—
ayes 48, noes 34; no quoram voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Looan
and Beatty were appointed.
,«The House divided; and the tellers re-
yforted—ayes t>8, noes 53.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
affirmative to make a quorum, and the amend-
ment is  
Mr.BENTON. Idemandtheyeasandnays.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is in time.
, The yeas and nays were refused.
.Mr. BENTON. I ask for tellers.
Tellers were refused.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PERHAM. I yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, who desires to offer an amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out the
second and third sections of the bill. I have
also another amendment which I would like
to offer.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to perfect the
second section before the motion is made to
strike out.
The SPEAKER. That would be in order,
but the gentleman from Ohio is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Washburn,] to offer an
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I move to
strike out the third section, and insert in lieu
thereof the following:
And be it further enacted, Thatno invalid pensioner
who may have been employed in the service of the
Government subsequent to March 3, 1865, and prior
to June o, 1866, shall bedeprived of a pension during
any part of that time by reason of such service.
Mr. N1BLACK. I desire to make a sugges-
tion to the gentleman from Ohio. Before the
vote is taken on striking out the second sec-
tion, I ask the gentleman if he will yield to
me to inquire of the chairman of the committee
why it is that the committee makes this dis-
crimination between male and female pen-
sioners in the second section of the bill ?
_Mr. SCHENCK. That has nothing to do
with the pending proposition to strike out these
two sections. It may be made hereafter.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I want to move an
amendment, to perfect the second section.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman yield
for that purpose?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do.
