1869.
TIE CONGJUftMOKAk GLQBii.
m
Mr, INGERSOLE. I desire to submit a few
remarks upon my amendment.
Mr. SC1IBNCK. I object to the remarks.
Mr. i NGERSOLL. Would it not be in order
for me to advocate the adoption of the amend-
ment now?
The SPEAKER. It would if the Chair
could award the floor to the gentleman; but
he. cannot do that without the consent of the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know liow anxious
committee is to get this through, and therefore
I propose to condense as much as possible the
little I have to say on this motion. I ask
gentlemen to look at this second section. It
provides—
That upon the presentation of satisfactory evidonoe
to the Commissioner of Pensions that any female pen-
sioner is living a life of prostitution, or is cohabiting
with orliving with or being supported by any man
as his wife or mistress to whom she is not lawfully
married, he shall immediately notify such pensioner
orhe'-agentof thecharge or charges preferred against
her byfurnishine her or her agentaoopy of thecharge
or charges and tho evidence upon which the same is
founded; and unless such pensioner shall within six
months thereafter produce satisfactoryrebuttirar evi-
dence, her name shall be dropped from the pension-
roll.
That is, the Commissioner of Pensions, in
his office in this city, upon anybody's charge,
made maliciously or otherwise, supported by
proof whieh may be true or otherwise, shall
determine the question of the virtue of a female
pensioner. A question which is, of course,
judicial in its character and which might re-
quire months to be settled in a court of law, is
to be decided in this summary way, and that,
too, by reversing the rule of evidence and call-
ing upon every soldier's widow to prove her
innocence and good character. It is the most
monstrous, disgraceful proposition that I have
ever seen incorporated in any bill presented to
this House. I think, I am sure, that the hon-
orable gentlemen constituting the committee
must have been sleepingover the subject when
they adopted this provision, and that if they
had looked at the whole scope of it they would
not have reported anything of that kind. But
if tliey differ from me on that question 1 ask the
judgment of the Honse upon my motion to
strike out that section which gives to the Com-
missioner of Pensions that extraordinary super-
visory power, for all time to come, over the
morals of all the widows of soldiers who have
been crippled or killed while in service. I do
not think this needs any further comment.
Now, a word in regard to the third section ;
and if gentlemen wish a separate votethey can
call for a division. I have moved to strike out
all that part of the bill embodied in these two
sections of the bill. The third section is for
the purpose of withholding pensions for a short
period of time from a certain class of pension-
ers who have been employed in the service of
the Government who would otherwise get them.
I think the history of that matter is that we
withheld pensions from those employed by the
Government until we got ashamed of that pol-
icy and repealed the law. But it is still pro-
posed to apply the old system of withholding
pensions to a certain class of pensioners in
public employment. Sir, I am against the
whole policy of withholding a man's pension
because we have employed him as a clerk or
otherwise. What does this propose? Here
are two men clerks at $1,200 or $1,800 a year;
the one has never been crippled in the service
of the Government, draws no pension, and gets
his $1,200 or $1,800; the other performs the
same services and gets his $1,200 or $1,800;
but in addition to that he has a pension. Far
what? For something outside of what the.other
does. He gets paid for what he does, and, in
addition to payment for what he does, he asks
also to have continued to him the payment
which the bounty of the Government has pro-
vided for his sufferings in the cause of the
country, for his crippled condition, for the
additional expense that he is put to to live on
account of his crippled condition. An<i we
say by this bill, "No; we will put you on pre-
cisely the same footing as any other man who
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 41.
never was in the military service or suffered
in it."
Now, I say that was all wrong in policy. I
am glad the Government has changed its policy
in that regard, and I do not see why these men
should be made an exception to the better pol-
icy whieh we have established, and that is to
pay each man employed by the Government
like every other man, whether he be crippled
or not. and then if the mail be crippled, to pay
him for that in addition, because itis for some-
thing which he has suffered aod undergone
and is entitled to be paid for iu addition to
what he receives for his services.
Mr. INGERSOLL. With a view of express-
ing my unqualified disapproval of the second
section of this bill before the motion to strike
out the section is put to the House, I move to
insert after the word "any," in line three, the
words "male or;" so that it will read:
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted,That upon the pres-
entation of satisfactory evidence to the Commis-
sioner of Pensions that any male or female pensioner
is living a lite of prostitution, or x-i cohabiting with,
or living with, or being supported by anymanashis
wife or mistress to whom she is not lawfully mar-
ried, he shall immediately notify such pensioner or
her agent of the ohargeor charges preferred against
her, by furnishing her or her agent a copy of the
charge or charges, and the evidence upon which the
sa.me is founded; and unless such pensioner shall
"ithin  months thereafter produce satisfactory
butting evidence, her name shall be dropped from
ension-roll.
rebuttii
tmyfeii
That
at will make it inclade both sexes. I pre-
fer, however, that the section shall be stricken
out, and 1 shall vote to strike it out. As I said
yesterday, I believe it would be a disgrace to
the statute-book and to the people of this coun-
try if Congress should enact it. I remember
reading of a law which was in force several
thousand years ago which provided that a
woman convicted of adultery should be stoned
to death, while the maie wretch who was the
author of her distress went scot-free ; that was
a barbarous law, and this is no less barbarous
except that the punishment is less in this ease
than it was in that. The principle is the same.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not believe that a
male prostitute should be regarded with any
higher favor than a female prostitute. In-
clude them both or neither. But I prefer that
the Committee on Pensions shall not be made
an investigating committee to investigate the
moral conduct of any of our citizens, much less
the widows of our soldiers. This is unbecom-
ing the age in which we live. It is an outrage
upon the widows of brave men who now lie in
graves marked with head-boards " Unknown,"
men who died that the country might live.
Sir, I must confess that I am amazed at this
evidence of modern barbarism. Is it proposed
as a measure of economy? Does this commit-
tee propose to reduce the expenditures of the
Government by the degrading process provided
by.this section? It could never have emanated
from any portion of the country other than the
cold and frigid regions of Maine. [Laughter.]
I shall vote to strike it out.
Mr. PERHAM. Allow me to make a state-
ment. The morning hour will soon expire. I
am desirous that amendments may be offered,
but without debate at this time. If gentlemen
will just forego their speeches and offer their
amendments without discussion, and allow me
to call the previous question before the expira-
tion of the morning hour, I will then yield a
portionof my time. I am willing to yield now
for amendments without speeches.
Mr. CHANLER. I object to that arrange-
ment ; I want this matter discussed.
Mr. A.RNELL. Is it now in order to move
that this bill he recommitted to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions?
The SPEAKER. Not while the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Perhaji] claims the flooj.
Mr. PERHAM. I do not yield for any such
motion.
Mr. FARNSTTORTH. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Maine what he means by the
fourth section of this bill. Does he mean to
change the course of the descent of property? u _
As I understandthe section it provides that the !l if I can be allowed to take the Saqr agaiu
arrears of pensions due any person at the time
of his death shall not be paid to his legal rep-
resentatives. *
Mr. PERHAM. I will explain the object
of that section afterthe previous question shall
have been seconded.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to move to
strike out the fourth jseetion of this bill.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now
in order.
Mr. PERHAM. I would be willing to allow
other amendments to be offered to this bill if
there was no objection to it. But objection
being made it is out of my power to allow other
amendments to be offered. I now call the pre-
vious question on the bill and pending amend-
ments.
Mr. ARNELL. I raove that the bill and
pending amendments be laid on the table.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 61, noes 62. . '
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ARNELL called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Arsem- and
Mr. Perham were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 47, noes 67*.
Before the result of the vote by tellers was
announced,
Mr. ARNELL called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay the bill and pending
amendments on the table.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were sixteen iu the
affirmative, (not one fifth of the last vote.)
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ARNELL called for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Thequestion was taken upon ordering tellers;
and there were seventeen in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) te'lers upon the yeas and nays were
not ordered.
Accordingly the yeaa and nays were not
ordered.
The motion to lay the bill and pending
amendments on the table was accordingly not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon seconding the
previous question upon the bill and pending
amendments; and being taken, upon a division
there were—ayes 58, noes -56.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ALLISON called for tellers.
The question was taken upon ordering tellers;
and there were twenty-five in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Alli-
son and Mr. Bbrh were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 55, noes 63.
So the previous question was not seconded.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill "goes over to the next
morning hour of public bill day.
suffbaqh.
The SPEAKER. The House now resumes
the consideration of the motion of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] to
reconsider the vote by whieh the bill (H. R.
No. 1067) to secure equal privileges and immu-
nities to citizens of the United States, and to
enforce the provisions of article fourteen of the
amendments to the Constitution, and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 402) proposingan amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
were recommitted to the Committee on the
Judiciary. The subject was postponed until
* er the morning hour of to-day, and upon it
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cui.lom,] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. CULLOM. The gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Ei.driucb,] who is a member of
the Committee on the Judiciary, desires to
address the House to-day upon this subject, as
the: e will be important bu-iness before that
committee ta-morrow. I have consented to
yield him now the hour tq whieh I am entitled
\
