1369.
TfiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
645
when be denied it? It is too plain to admit of
demonstration. It was understood to concede
this power in the Stales at the time it was con-
sidered in this House, as every gentleman then
on this floor must bear me witness. The gen-
tleman says it was only a punitive provision, in
case the States should violate its duty and be
otherwise beyond the reach of Congress. This
is an absurdity. I assert it was intended as a
fundamental provision of this Government, and
devised for the very purpose of compelling the
States, wherein the power to determine the
qualification of voters was conceded to rest, to
grant suffrage to negroes. It was understood
to be optional with the State to grant this right
of suffrage to its negroes or have its represent-
ation in Congress proportionately diminished.
Hon. Thaddeus Stevens, the late leader of
the Republican party in this House, urged this
view of the matter with peculiar emphasis.
He thought the love of powef and the desire
for representation in the House of Represent-
atives would be sufficient guarantee that the
right of suffrage would not be long withheld
from the colored men of the States. The power
of the States to regulate and determine the
qualification of voters was not questioned, ex-
cept perhaps by one member on this floor,
and no gentleman can truthfully deuy the fact.
And, sir, I assert that no man who voted for
that amendment can consistently contend that
the power to determine the qualifications of
voters in the States does not exist in the State
itself. And no lawyer can doubt that the
amendment does distinctly recognize the power
to be in the States. The gentleman argues that
the State might refuse to obey a law of Congress
regulating or prescribing the qualification of
voters, and that this section was intended to
punish the State for such refusal. How is this
possible, I asked the gentleman, and he failed
to answer. If Congress has the constitutional
power to enact a law, and does so, declaring
who shall vote in a State, any act of the State
Legislature in conflict with it would be no law;
it would be absolutely null and void. The act
of Congress in pursuance of the Constitution
is the supreme law, and must necessarily annul
the act of the State. The question, therefore,
recurs, how can the State incur the penalty?
And the answer must be, it is impossible. The
law of Congress executes itself by destroying
and blotting out the act of the State and leav-
ing the citisen free to exercise the right con-
ferred upon him by the law of Congress. This
is too plain for argument, and I will not pur-
sue it.
But right or wrong, constitutional or uncon-
stitutional, whether for the best interest of the
Republic or jeopardizing in an untried and
doubtful experiment the happiness and pros-
perity of the whole people, the measure must
be passed into a law. And the gentleman
makes his final appeal upon party grounds—
an appeal—I say it without intending disre-
spect toward him—unworthy of himself, un-
worthy the discussion of grave constitutional
questions, and unworthy to be heeded by the
honorable gentlemen of this House. It is an
appeal not without influence upon the selfish
and unprincipled partisan, npon the political
gamester who postpones his country to his
party. He tells us that the passage of this bill
will add one hundred and fifty thousand voters
to his party—seventeen hundred in Connecti-
cut, ten thousand in New York, five thousand
in New Jersey, fourteen thousand in Pennsyl-
vania, seven "thousand in Ohio, twenty-four
thousand in Missouri, forty-five thousand in
Kentucky, four thousand in Delaware, and
thirty-five thousand in Maryland, and he wishes
to know if the service of these men who are
ready to do battle with his party at the ballot-
box are to be declined. Was everbelbre such
an appeal made by statesman to a great po-
litical party just coming victoriously out from
a great political contest? Is it a confession
that the course of the party is to be such in its
administration that this vast accession of re-
cruits will be necessary to preservers power?
Is it a confession in advance that it is to be dis-
carded by those who fought and helped it to
win its last great victory, and that its future
success and power must depend upon the negro
vote? The gentleman felt the'reproach of his
appeal in support of his bill, and boasted that
he was a plain-spoken, as he showed he was a
bold man in braving criticism upon this part
of his speech. I confess I thought him bold,
not so much in daringthe criticism of this side
of the House, as in presuming so unworthy an
appeal to gentlemen on that.
Mr. Speakef, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts started out by telling us this is " the last
of the series of great measures growing out of
the rebellion and necessary for the reorganiza-
tion and pacification ofthecountry" with which
the Republican party has been charged. I
think I express the universal sentiment of the
people of the country when I say that I thank
God and the Republican party that this is the
last. But I would like to have gentlemen in-
form this House and the country how the party
became charged with this measureand by what
authority they undertake to "reorganize the
country; " how the rebellion has invested the
Republican party in Congress with the authority
to go into the States of Pennsylvania and Ohio
and the other northern States with-its bills of
reorganization? I expected it to do so ; I did
not suppose it would be satisfied with reorgan-
izing the southern States. I am not disap-
pointed, but where did the party obtain its
power, its commission, its charge to reorganize
the States that did not rebel? It was not by
the election of General Grant, for he was elected
upon no such platform. Oneofthe planks of the
platform laid down by the convention that nom-
inated him laid down the same doctrine that I
have endeavored to maintain—
"That the question of suffrage in all the loyal
States properly belongs to thepeople of those States."
The Republican party was charged, if charged
at all, by this resolution to let the loyal States
alone—to let the people of those States regu-
late the question of suffrage for themselves. The
convention unanimously declared that " the
question of suffrage in all the loyal States prop-
erly belongs to the people of those States,"
and thereby virtually that Congress had nothing
to do with it. What has caused the party to
change front? If the question properly be-
longed to those States during the elections of
last fall, what have the States done since to
deprive themselves of the right? If the ques-
tion did not properly belong to Congress then
how has it become invested with the propriety
now of disposing of it in those States?
Mr. Speaker, if it be possible that the Re-
publican party can commit itself to anything,
it is in its support of the so-called fourteenth
amendment., and in and by its action in na-
tional convention, committed solemnly to the
doctrine that the people of the several States
have properlythe right to control the question
of suffrage in their respective States. And, in
my judgment, the Republican members of this
House cannot force this measure upon the
country at this time without covering their
party with another dishonor, without a shame-
ful violation of party pledges and party faith.
Was this declaration of principle the honest
sentiment of the party at the time it was incor-
porated in the platform, or was the placing it
there an intended premeditated fraud to induce
support of the candidates and to be ignored
and disregarded when the victory should be
achieved? How many States would the party
have carried upon the measure^ now being
ui'tfed ? With the provisions of this bill in the
platform where would have been Pennsylvania
and Ohio and Indiana? It alone would have
defeated your candidates for President and Vice
President with all their great personal popu-
larity.
The gentleman from Massachusetts affected
some sympathy with foreigners, and intimated
that this measure was in the interest of the
white man as well as the black, and that it
would be a protection of the Irishman, the
German, and the Scandinavian. These croc-
odile tears for the white foreigner will be duly
appreciated by us all, and especially by the
foreigner, when the gentleman shall have made
his speech and cast his vote on the bill being
prepared by his party friends to prevent, ob-
struct, or embarrass naturalization.
The gentleman seemed to deplore his inabil-
ity to present the principles involved in these
great measures except in what he called "a
party aspect." It is some satisfaction to know
that gentlemen are not utterly insensible of
the low plain upon which these schemes are
urged and advocated. Party aspect, indeed 1
These measures have their origin and support
in the most intense partyism. Party, party !
It is the infernal spirit of party that has con-
trolled, sunk, and degraded so much of the
legislation of Congress during and since the
war. It was the fell spirit of party against
which the almost dying words of Washington
warned his countrymen. Party! What crimes
have not since that day been committed in its
name and by its relentless demand 1 Party has
kept the dissevered fragments of the Union
asunder ever since the war ended. Insatiate
party has destroyed the republican character of
ten States of the Republic and established over
them despotisms that would put to shame the
most frightful and grinding despotisms of any
age or any country. Party has persistently for
the last four years sought to subvert or change
the form of our government, both State and
Federal. It is at the demand of party that Con-
gress has assaulted the executive and judiciary,
and endeavored to usurp the powers belonging
to these coordinate Departments or force the
President and the judges to bow down and do
its bidding. It is at the demand of party and
in its interest alone that power is sought to be
taken from the intelligent and cultivated while
man and given to the ignorant, uneducated,
and servile negro. It is the inexorable de-
mand of party that is bringing the white and
black laces in this country in fatal antagonism
and conflict, which must end in the utter ex-
termination of the weaker race or in the degra-
dation of the other. It is party that is keeping
alive the animosities, the malignant and bitter
passions engendered by the war, and prevent-
ing that forgiveness, reconciliation, and har-
mony dictated and enjoined by the spirit of
Christian charity.
Mr. Speaker, I am consoled at my want of
preparation and failure to discuss this measure
fully and in all its bearings by the fact that
there are able gentlemen on this side of the
House who will present the objections to it
more fully and ably than I could have hoped to.
I wish this measure coming from the Judi-
ciary Committee might have been presented
and advocated by my distinguished colleague
on the committee upon high legal and consti-
tutional grounds only. I wish that party and
party considerations might have been ignored
in its discussion. The subject is of too much
importance, the changes proposed in our sys-
tem of government vastly too great and far-
reaching in their effects, to be carried upon
party grounds or for party ends. Parties, at
the longest, do not live long. They aie chang-
ingand evanescent: they pass away and others
take their places ; they serve their purpose and
are gone. It is doubtful if they do not more
evil than good. 0 ur Constitution we hope may
live forever. Its blessings have been manifold
and showered upon us without stint or measure.
Let no partisan parricide lift his hand against
it. " Conscience" should " make cowards 'of
you all. The ghost of the slain Constitution
" will not down at your bidding,"
Peace, reconciliation, unreserved submission
and obedience to the written Constitution,
liberty, prosperity, happiness, " on one side;"
strife, malignity, party license regulated bv no
law, anarchy, despotism, "on the other."
Mr. MUNGEN asked and obtained leave to
have printed, as a part of the debates, a speech
upon the pending question. [See Appendix.]
INDIANS OS UPPISH MISSISSIPPI.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
