646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
Secretary of the Inferior, transmitting^ letter
from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, with
accompanying papers, relative to (lie suffering
and starving condition of the Indiana on the
Upper Mississippi; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
HO.MBST14AD LAW.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a concurrentreso-
lution of the Legislature of Kansas relative to
the homestead law; which was referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr.. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
tliey bad examined and found truly enrolled a
bill of the following title; when the Speaker
signed the samo:
An act (H. E. No. 1158) for the relief of
Commander John L. Davis.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union upon the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Sciienck in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being House bill No. 1672, making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1870.
The CHAIRMAN. When the House was
last in Committee of the Whole an amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. JclianJ was withdrawn by consent, and
the committee then rose.
Mr. JCJLIAN. I renew the amendment to
insert in line one hundred and seven "clerk
to Committee on the Public Lands, $2,100."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I distinctly
understood that the gentleman withdrew his
amendment as the House was dividing.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the amendment is
pending without the necessity of offering it
again.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose
the committee ought to pass oil the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. Had the gentleman from
Indiana spoken on his amendment?
Mr. JULIAN. I have; I withdraw it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object,
because the committee was dividing when it
rose.
Mr. JULIAN. I have aright at any time to
withdraw it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. No decision had been made by
the Chair. The language of the rule is that an
amendment may be withdrawn at any time
before a decision is made.
_Mr. JULIAN. I nowrenewtheamendment.
If the House will listen to me a moment I
think I can satisfy every member present that
the amendment which I have offered ought to
be made. The clerk of the Committee on the
1'ubiic Lands for the past seven years has been
one of the four permanent clerks of standing
committees of this House. He was made such
by a resolution passed in the year 1862, which
is as follows:
"Rraohecl, That tbo Committee on the Public Lands
be authorised to employ aoletk for said commitee,
who shall in addition to his usual duties be charged
with the care, preservation and continuation of the
series of land maps ordered for tbo use of the said
committee by tho resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of May 4.1848, at tho same compensa-
tion heretofore allowed tho draughtsman upon the
said maps."
Tt thus appears that by a resolution of this
House, which is unresciuded, that this clerk
is made a permanent one, with a fixed salary,
and he stands precisely on the same footing as
the clcrk of the Committee on Appropriations,
of Ways and Means, antl of Claims, all o'f-
whom hold their positions by like resolutions
of the House. Yet the gentleman from Illi-
nois has prevailed on his committee to report
the bill omitting any appropriation ior the
compensation ot this clerk, as contemplated
and provided for by the resolution I have read.
Now, 1 submit to the House and to the gentle-
man from Illinois that no reason can be as-
signed why this appropriation should be with-
held as to this clerk while the oilier three
clerks I have named are untouched. The gen-
tleman from Illinois the other day stated that
the clerk of the Committee on the Public Lauds
did not do au amount of business that would
warrant his being paid as permanent clerk. I
submit very respectfully to him that I know,
as chairman of that committee, much more
about the business of this clerk than he can
know, not being a member of the committee.
I should consider it a palpable assumption on
my part to say that the clerk of the Committee
on Appropriations does not render any service
worthy of compensation ; and it is equally an
assumption on his part to say that the clerk
of the Committee on the Public Lands should
not have compensation for a like reason. The
gentleman knows nothing about the labors of
the clerk of the Committeeon the Public Lands,
and can make no pretense that he does.
That, then, is the situation. If the gentle-
man wishes to economize 1 agree with him in
the general necessity for it; if the difference
between the pay of a permanent clerk and his
per diem during the sessions of Congress is a
matter of sufficient importance to kindle his
zeal for economy and retrenchment I submit
that he might with great propriety have omit-
ted any appropriation for the clerk of his own
committee. We might then have believed him
sincere; for the clerk of the Committee on
Appropriations has no better right to be paid
as a permanent clerk than that of the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands. The gentleman fiom
Illinois knows this.
The gentleman said the other day that the
clerk of the Committee on the Public Lands does
not remain here the whole of the year. But
neither does the clerk of the Committee on
Appropriations, orofClaims. If, therefore, the
gentleman desires to economize, and wishes
to be thought either honest or consistent, he
will move an amendment to strike out the ap-
propriation for the pay of clerk of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and thereby show that
he is governed by a spirit of fair play and fair
dealing. Let him do even-handed justice be-
tween these committees; but I protest against
this invidious attack, this perfectly gratuitous
fling that is made upon the clerk of the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, whose business for
several years past has been steadily increasing,
and whoseguardianship over the public domain
should commend him to the respectful aad
decent treatment of the gentleman from Illinois.
[Herethe hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. One word
in reply to the gentleman from Indiana in re-
gard to this clerkship. I will repeat what I
said when this bill was last up, that there is no
law which requires us to make an appropria-
tion for this clerk. . He simply holds his posi-
tion by virtue of a resolution of this House.
Mr. JULIAN. Let me ask the gentleman
from Illinois whether he does not hold his posi-
tion exactly as the clerk of the Committee on
Appropriations ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Exactly
as the clerk of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, exactly as the clerk of the Committee
on Claims, and exactly as the clerk of the
Committee of Ways and Means; and if the
House determines to strike out any of those
clerks I have nothing to say. What I stated
was that there was no reason why this clerk of
the Committee on the Public Lands should be
made a permanent clerk more than a dozen other
clerks. And I will ask the attention of the
House and the country in regard to some facts,
and to what we have built 'up in this House in
regard to clerkships and messengers. If our
constituents could' know of this extravagance
I believe they would come down here and run
us into the Potomac. [Laughter.] How much
does it cost to run this House? How many
clerks are there under the Clerk of the House
of Representatives? How many do you sup-
pose, without, including the two which we added
with a perfect howl the last iimc the Committee
of the Whole was in session ? Fifty clerks, sir.
How much do we pay them a year? Eighty
thousand dollars. Eighty thousand dollars for
clerks! How much do we pay for Capitol
police? There was a howl got up here that
Andrew Johnson was to take possession of the
Capitol.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point of order.
I make the point that it is not in order to
charge the House or any member of it in Ms
place with howling.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
it is consistent with the fact, although it is not
it! order. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ I say that
a howl was got up—I do not say in this House—
that we were going to be attacked by Andrew
Johnson, and we at once raised a little brigade
of police. How much do you think they cost?
Sixty five thousand dollars a year, or aDout
two hundred dollars a day. Then, for the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, S6.000; for the House post
office, $20,000 ; laborers, $10,000 ; folding-
room, $60,000; and for the Doorkeeper,
$44,000.
Mr. JULIAN. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I propose
to give you figures for all that I say. [Laugh-
ter. ]
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman is not debat-
ing the amendment under consideration. '
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 am con-
fining myself a little too closely to the ques-
tion under debate for my friend from Indiana.
We are, in all, taking $333,000 out of the
pockets of the people for the purposes I have
specified. We are. taxing the people $335,000 a
year to run this House of Representatives. _ I
say, sir, that there is no justification for it.
My excellent friend there drew $1,440 a-year
under a House resolution, and under another
House resolution it has been increased to
$2,160. He is never here acting as a. clerk
more than ten months in a year. He discharges
his duties well while the House is in session,
but when the House is not in session he has
nothing to do but draw his pay all tho same.
We have also provided for another office in
the Library of the House in addition to those
I have indicated. And, Mr. Chairman, we
have done ail this in the face of our protest-
ation as a party ; in the face of the resolutions
of the Chicago convention ; in the face of all
our declarations on the stump that we were
going to put a stop to all unnecessary appro-
priations and place the administration of the
Government upon an economical foundation.
I ask gentlemen if this is the way we are going
to accomplish this object? Is this the way
that we propose to go on adding cleik upon
clerk and office upon office and thereby in-
creasing the expenditures of the Government,
now that we have got into power? We have
gone on as the good feelings and wishes of
members desired until we have increased the
expenditures for this House alone, as I have
already stated, up to the sum of $335,000 a
year. I desire the reporter of the Associated
Press to take notice of these figures and to
put them in print, so that the people may see
them. [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JULIAN. I wish to say one word in
reply to the gentleman from Illinois.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order unless
the gentleman moves an amendment to the
amendment. The Chair cannot entertain any
but a substantial amendment.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to strike out the
words "and sixty.''
Mr. MAYNA11D. I hope the geutleman
from Indiana will allow me to ask him a ques-
tion.
Mr. JULIAN. Certainly.
