1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
647
Mr. MAYNARD. Some time ago, under
the organization of the House, there was con-
nected with the Clerk's office what was called
a land-map department, and under the Clerk
there were employed a number of gentlemen
who were called land-map clerks. My impres-
sion is that that department was abolished
some years ago, and that the duty of preparing
these laud maps was devolved upon the clerk
of the Committee on the Public Lands. My
recollection is rather indistinct on that point,
and I should like to have some information
from the gentleman from Indiana as to how
the matter really stands at this time.
Mr. JULIAN. I will answer the gentleman
from Tennessee. The gentleman is correctly
informed on the subject. This clerk, in addi-
tion to his ordinary duties as a clerk, has charge
of the land maps, and by resolution of the
House has to carry forward on them all surveys
and sales of the public lands as they progress,
and is allowed a room in which the maps are
to be kept and the work done *, but as no room
could be found in this Capitol for that purpose
this part of his business has necessarily been
suspended for the present. I wish now to say
in reply to the gentleman from Illinois, that
while he discusses generally the question of
our national extravagance and indulges in a
great deal of cheap general declamation, as
usual, he entirely evades any answer to what
I have stated. I said that there was no reason
for striking out the appropriation for this com-
mittee clerk that would not apply with equal
force to the appropriation for the three other
committee clerks which is included in this bill.
He has conceded that they all stand upon the
same basis, and that there is no reason for mak-
ing any one of them apermanent clerk that does
not apply to the clerk of the Committee on the
Public Lands. I have already stated, of my own
knowledge, that the business referred to this
committee is daily increasing and is of such a
character as to require a permanent clerk. I
place this statement against that of the gentle-
man from Illinois, who knows nothing about
it. If, as the gentleman argues, he is not to
be so employed, why does he not move to strike
out the appropriation in this bill for the three
other permauent clerks ? Does he not show
his regard for the Treasury to be counterfeit ?
Why should he ask an appropriation for his
own clerk, the clerk of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, andrefuse an appropriation for the
clerk of the Committee on the Public Lands ?
If he really so loves economy he should not
includs in this appropriation bill his own clerk
and omit all provision for the clerk of the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, for lam quite sure
that the Committee on Appropriations does no
more work than the Committee on the Public
Lands. , * .
Mr. Chairman, I only ask this House for fair
play and even-handed justice. If they strike
out any appropriations for these clerks they
should strike them all out, and not make a
gratuitous discrimination against one whose
labors are as important and faithful as those
of any other.
Mr. WELKER. Suppose your amendment
is not adopted, how much will your clerk get,
under the rule?
Mr. JULIAN. He will get during the ses-
sion whatever this House sees fit to pay him by
the day.
Mr. WELKER. So your amendment act-
ually increases his compensation?
Mr. JULIAN. My amendment puts him
where he has been for seven years at a fixed
salary.
Mr. WELKER.
pensation ?
Mr. JULIAN. No, sir; it leaves it exactly
at what it has been ever since he became a
permanent clerk. It neither increases nor
reduces his pay.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish to make a sug-
gestion to the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations to include in the motion to
strike out these three other clerks, so as to put
all thl committees of the House on a par,
Does it increase his corn-
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to have a vote first
on my amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
desire to occupy the attention of the House for
any length of time on this subject. The reason
why the other three clerks have been put in
this bill is because they have been permanent
clerks from time immemorial. I refer to the
clerk of the Committee of Claims and the i
clerk of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and the clerk of the Committee on Appropria-
tions. who has been a permanent derk ever
since that committee was established. But,
sir, I have no interest in any one of these
clerks. If the gentleman from Indiana does
not want any of t-hem to remain as permanent
clerks let him move to strike them all out. I
certainly shall interpose no objection. But I
do declare, as I have declared already, that
this permanent clerk for the Committee on the
Public Lands is not necessary, and that this
House will not be justified in making any such
appropriation.
Mr. JULIAN. I say, as chairman of the
Committee on the Public Lands, that this per-
manent olerk is necessary, and the gentleman
from Illinois only displays his customary auda-
city of mere assertion when he denies it.
The CHAIRMAN. The time for debate on
the amendment to the amendmenthas expired.
Mr. JULIAN. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
The question then recurred on Mr. Julian's
amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 50, noes 46 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Washburxe, of
Illinois, and Mr. Julian.
Thecommitteeagam divided ; and the tellers •
reported—ayes G2, noes 60.
So the ameudment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I give
notice that we shall have the yeas and nays in
the House on it. [Laughter.]
Mr. SPALDINGt. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, to come in at the close of the section,
and I hope no member will raise a point of
order on it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That after the 30th day of June. A. D.
1870, the employes of Congress shall no longer bo
entitled to receive an additional compensation of
twenty per cent, on their salaries or other pay
respectively, but said percentage shall thenceforth
cease and be determined, any law or usage to the
contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. RANDALL. I make the point of order
that that is independent legislation, and is there-
fore not in order to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. This being provided by
law, it is not competent to repeal it in an ap-
propriation bill, and the amendment is there-
fore not in order.
Mr. RANDALL. I offer the following amend-
ment, to which I am sure there will be no ob-
jection :
Add at the end of line one hundred and twenty-
six the following: .
Provided, That of the twelve assistant clerks, the
two designated as reading clerks of the House of
Representatives shall receive an annual salary, be-
ginning with the present Congress, of $2,592.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I make the
point that that is not in order, as it changes
the existing law.
Mr. RANDALL. No more than the appro-
priation does in the first part of the section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read from
the rule.
The Clerk read as follows:
"No appropriation shall he reported in such gen-
eral appropriation bills, or be in order as an amend-
ment thereto, for any expenditure not previously
authorized by law, unless in continuation of appro-
priations for such public works and objects as are
already in progress, andfor the contingencies tor car-
rying on the several Departments of the Govern-
ment. [It has been decided that under this rule it
ia notin order to propose an amendment to a general
appropriation bill "which, changes an existing law.
But it was also deeided that the latter branch of the
rule not only permitted amendments increasing sal-
aries, but was framed for that very purpose.]
The CHAIRMAN. Undcr the last provis-
ion of the rule just read the Chair overrules
the point of order.
Mr-. RANDALL. I desire to say in refer-
ence to this amendment that the capacity and
intelligence required to fulfill the daties of this
position entitle the gentlemen to the amount of
pay asked for.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose
that it is not possible for me to prevent these
salaries being raised, but I wish to eall the at-
tention of the House and the country to the
fact that this proposition to raise salaries comes
from a Democratic member.
Mr. RANDALL. It is not inconsistent with
Democracy to pay a man what he is worth.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Itisutterly
idle for any gentleman to attempt to keep down
the salaries of any one of these officers, or to
preventnew offices being created. I givenotice
if the amendment is adopted that we will have
the yeas and nays on it in the House, so that
the country may see who voted for it, and who
voted against it.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to reply to the gen-
tleman from Illinois on the subject of extrava-
gance.
The CHAIRMAN. Further discussion is
not in order.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 33, noes 44 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire how
much these efficient and laborious officers get
now?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Twenty-
one hundred and sixty dollars each.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and'appointed Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois, and Mr. Randall.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 58, noes 57.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I give
notice that we shall have the yeas and nays on
it in the House:
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike out
the words "two stenographers, $4,380 each."
Mr. Chairman, I understand this is an appro-
priation for the next year, the appropriation
having already been made for this year; and it
seems to me that we should give the next House
of Representatives an opportunity to provide
for their own stenographers, and not in this
way to provide for them in advance. And, sir,
I should like to have some information on the
subject, as to how this practice grew up of
appointing stenographers from the committees
as officers of the House. I should like to know
who they are, and whether they are competent
for the discharge of their duties.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Chairman, I think
I can give the gentleman from Illinois at least
a part of the information which he desires.
Prior to about three years ago—I speak from
recollection—stenographers were appointed for
the committees when needed, and were paid
the compensation usually allowed for such ser-
vices, and the result was that enormous bills
were run up to be paid out of the contingent
fund of the House under the direction of the
Committee on Accounts. This was looked upon
as a great grievance. It was complained of,
not in the House, but among the committees
authorizing the work to be done, as well as by
the Committee on Accounts. A proposition
was then made by one of these stenographers
for the committees to do all business of that
kind for a given sum, and a resolution was ac-
cordingly passed requiring that to be done.
By a subsequent resolution an assistant stenog-
rapher was allowed and the compensation was
doubled.
Now, sir, I do not look upon this plan as the
best one which could be devised, but it is
cheaper than the one which had existed pre-
viously. These stenographers frequentlyhave
six or eight other stenographers employed
whom they have to pay out of tneir own salaries.
Sometimes they have noneemployed. It is for
them an uncertain compensation. Some ses-
sions they get but little more than what they
have to pay out. If a better plan can be devised
