648
THE CONG SESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
-I will say, as a member of the Committee on
Accounts, that. I should like to see it adopted,
but until some other better plan is devised I
cannot consent to striking out this appropri-
ation, forjihe present plan is a great deal better
than the former one.. .
• Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania whether one of these
stenographers is not,also employed by the
Associated, "Presa?,
Me.jJRQOMALL. .Tia^l: believe is .the. ease
during Ae sessions of the-Houss. ft ken these
sten ographers have usually nothing to do. The
sessions of the committees are generally held
before thg House meets; and I believe that dur-
ing the session of the House one of them is
employed as a, reporter for the Associated
Press. I do not know that it has ever inter-
fered with the discharge of his duties as one of
the stenographers for the committees. I have
myself been 011 several investigating commit-
tees and have been in the habit of observing
how these men performed their duties, and I
have never seen any cause of complaint. As
I have already said, these men do. not receive
this compensation for their own services, but
out of it are compelled to pay other stenogra-
phers, employing sometimes as many as eight
01 ten to assist them.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Illinois has expired.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will move to
amend the amendment so as to provide for
only one stenographer. Now, Mr. Chairman,
by this bill we are providing in advance for the
payment of nearly nine thousand dollars during
the next year to these stenographers for the
committees of the House on the contingency
that their services may be required by com-
mittees which may bo ordered by the next
Congress. It seems to me that is poor econ-
omy. If it be true that the services of these
stenographers are valuable, and it has come
out that they are not employed all the year
and that one of them while drawing his salary
is also drawing a salary from the Associated
Press, it seems to me that if their services are
valuable and the.committeesof the House can-
not get along without them it will be time
enough to make this provision when they are
needed, and when, perhaps, they can be em-
ployed at a much less rate.
Mr. BROOMALL. I will say, in answer to
the gentleman from Illinois, that the Commit-
tee on Accounts had this matter before them,
and at one lime, about the commencement of
the Fortieth Congress, intended reportinga res-
olution reducing the number of stenographers
for committees from two to one, but after full
examination they found lhatit would be utterly
impossible for any one stenographer for this
compensation to do the work and to pay the
stenographers he was compelled to employ to
assist him in reporting the committees then in
operation. The resolution ior that reason was
abandoned, but I do not know that I have any
particular objection to the experiment being
again tried. I think, however, that we shall
fail m making any reduction of this appropri-
ation ^ and I believe that the House had better
ifave it alone as it is. I have a decided objec-
tion t0_ returning to the old system. My judg-
ment, is that neither the amendment to the
amendment nor the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Illinois ought to be adopted.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Before the gSman
irorn Pennsyluania leaves the floor I would
ask him to be kind enough to tell me what
duties are discharged by the two superintend-
ing stenographers who are paid this large sum
of money'? Do they themselves perform the
physical labor beiore the committees of the
House?
Mr. BROOMALL. They perform the duties
themselves as far as it is possible for them to
do it, but when five or six committees are in
session at the same time, some in New Orleans
and some in New York, they, of course, can-
not do all the work themselves, bat are com-
pelled to employ others, whom they pay out
of their own pockets. As I have already aaid,
they have frequently as high as six or 'eight
stenographers assisting them. • •
Mr. VAN WYC'K. I am merely trying to
get information on the subje'ct. I wish to know
what duties these two stenographers themselves
discharged and. how much time they actually
devote to-the committees of the House. It has
been stated that one of them is the reporter for
the Associated Press. If so, does his duty as
reporter for the Associated Press take up his
titae so as to prevent his discharging his d&ties
as one of the reporters for the committees? I
should like to know about that.
Mr. BROOMALL. All I know is, and I
have reason to know it, that the duties which
he performs for the Associated Press do not
interfere with his duties as one of the stenog-
raphers for the committees of the House. His
duties as a reporter for the Associated Press
are during the sessions of the House, while his
duties as stenographer for the committees are
generally when the House is not in session.
Mr. SPALDING. I should like to know
from the gentleman from Pennsylvania how
we are protected against the claims of the
subordinates whom these gentlemen employ?
Mr. BROOMALL. The resolution appoint-
ing these stenographers specially stipulated that
this work should bedone by these stenographers
for the amount here appropriated.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the
amendment to the amendment-
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I renew
tlie amendment; and I do so, Mr. Chairman,
for the purpose of bearing testimony to the
truth of whatthegentleman from Pennsylvania
has stated. On the old system, at the rate
charged by the stenographers who were em-
ployed to do the work that had to be done, it
cost usan enormous amount of money, and the
present system was resorted to for the purpose
of saving expense, and the expense saved by
paying these men salaries has been very great.
I have no feeling about the matter. I do not
care whether the committee keep the appro-
priation in or strike it out, Dut I will say that
if they strike it out and employ reporters as
they employed them before it will cost twice
as much as we now pay these two stenograph-
ers. For this appropriation they have to re-
port for all of the committees. If they cannot
do it themselves they have to hire assistants
and pay for them out of their salaries. I have
been told by the principal stenographer, Mr.
Smith, that the amount they have already paid
out will leave but little compensation for them-
selves.
As to the reporter of the Associated Press,
I belie.ve that he discharges his duties fully as
one of the stenographers of the committees of
the House and writes out his notes after the
adjournment of the House. When the House
is in session he reports for the Associated
Press, and when the House is not in session
lie writes out his notes of the proceedings be-
fore the committees. There is some advant-
age in having the stenographers for the com-
mittees the official officers of this House.
There is then some responsibility attached to
them. My own judgment is that the present
is the correct system. It has already saved us
a great deal of money, and it will continue to
save us a good deal in the future.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to add but
one word.
_ The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
rise to oppose the amendment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do. I am in favor
of the original amendment, and opposed to the
amendment to the amendment.
Now, it is evident to me, Mr. Chairman, as
it must be to etery member of the House, that
some one is cheated according -to the argu-
ment of my colleague. Either- the House is
cheated or the stetTographers ai-e cheated. Ac-
cording to his argument they labor too much
for the pay they-get. If they do not get com-
pensation sufficient tfcen they are cheated, and
that is not fair. If tkey do not perform enough
for their pay then the House- is cheated, and
that is not fair. It seems to me that we ought
to jjay these StenOgraphei-s' for their services
as they are needed. If a committee is author-
ized to take testimony let them employ a' sten-
ographer and let him be under the direction.
of the committee, and if he does not perform
his duties according to the wishes of the com-
mittee then he may be discharged and another
one appointed in his place. I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I with-
draw the amendment to tlie amendment.
Mr. FabnSWoiWE's amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. MeKEE. I toove to strike out the fol-
lowing words:
For clerk to Committee of Ways and Means,
82,592; clerk to Committee on Appropriations,
$2,592; clerk to Committee on Claims, £2,160.
Mr. Chairman, I think that the suggestion
of the gentleman from Illinois is correct, that
none of these clerks should be provided for
permanently. They do not remain here after
the adjournment of Congress, and I do not see
any reason why we should pay them for the
time they perform no duties for the House.
The question has been already fully discussed,
and I trust there will be no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. WA.SHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky ought to include the
amendment adopted on motion of the gentle-
man from Indiana, for which, I believe, he
voted.
Mr. MeKEE. I will also include that.
Mr. JULIAN. That cannot be included,
as it was inserted in another place in the bill.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 8, noes 37 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois, and Mr. McKee.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 22, noes 65 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
a call of the House; and the roll having been
called,-the following members failed to answer
to their names:
Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Axtell, Baldwin. Bunks
Beaman.Beuk, Be n ton, Bingham, Blackburn,Bo wen-
Boyden, Boyer, Bueliland, Burr, Roderick R. But-
ler, Cake, Callis, Chanter, Churchill, Reader \V,
Clarke, Clift, Cornell, Dickey, Dixon, Eokiey, Ed-
wards, James T. Elliott. Farnsworth, Glossbren-
ner, Gove, Gravely, Haight, Hamilton, Hawkins,
Hill, Holinan, Asahcl W. Hubbard, Huiburd. Uun-
ter. Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L.
Jones, Kellogg, Kerr, Knott, William Lawrence,
Lincoln, Loirim, Loughridge, Mallnry, McCullough,
Moorhead, Morrissey, Newcomb. Newshain, Nichol-
son, Norns, Nunn, Pike, Plants, Pomcroy, lioss. Sit-
greaves, Smith, Stokes, Taylor, Thomas, Tifr. John
Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Twichell. Upson,
Van Aernam, Vidal, Ward, Cadwiilader C. Wash-
burn, John T. Wilson, and Young—114.
The committee then rose; and (Mr. Peters
having-taken the chair as Speaker pro tem-
pore) Mr. SchescK reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
bad, according to order, had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 1672, making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
SO, 1870; and finding itself without a quorum,
had caused the roll to be called and had
directed him to report the names of the
absentees to the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A quorum
having appeared, the committee will resume
its session.
The committee accordingly resumed its
session, (Mr. Schenck in the chair.)
Mr. MeKEE. I suggest that my amendment
be allowed to pass, so that we may have a vote
on it in the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. After the
gentleman has attempted to break up the com-
mittee I am astonished he should ask that.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 15, noes 101.
So Mr. McKee's amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD, I move in line one hun-
dred and thirty-six, to insert the word "furni-
ture" after the word "repairs;" so tnat the
