mo
THE C<MGBESSIO AL GLOBE.
January 27,
Mr. McKEE. Mr. Chairman, I move to
amend by striking out the paragraph just read.
I make this motion chiefly for the purpose of
getting some information. In this bill we have
speeifie; appropriations for almost every con-
ceivable purpose; and then, after all these
things have been provided for, we have this
item, " For. miscellaneous items, $35,000."
In looking over the appropriation bills passed
by preceding Congresses, I find it to be true,
as stated by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburjje] in a previous discussion, that the
items of this character embraced in .this bill
are much smaller than those heretofore in-
cluded in bills of this kind. But'it Appears to
me that the making of appropriations of this
kind heretofore for miscellaneous expenses
has been! one of the chief causes why we have
been required at every session to pass deficiency
bills to cover these sums of money expended
under this head of '• miscellaneous items." I
find that in a deficiency bill passed during the
Thirty-Ninth Congress the sum of $40,000
was appropriated under the head of miscel-
laneous expenses " for the House of Repre-
sentatives alone. These things will continue
just so long as we go on making appropria-
tions for "miscellaneous items," with no
knowledge on the part of any person as to
the purposes for which the money is to be
expended. For this reason I have moved to
strike out this line. I think that when we
appropriate money it is due to ourselves and
tho country that it should be known what the
money is to be appropriated for.
Mr. BURR. Inasmuch as we are to have
a session to-night, I move that the committee
now rise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I appeal
to my colleague [Mr. Btntn] to withdraw that
motion, and let us run on for fifteen or twenty
minutes longer,
Mr. BURR. I cannot consent to withdraw
the motion. We have already remained here
fifteen or twenty minutes fater than the usual
hour of adjournment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
that, the committee will not agree to rise.
On the motion of Mr. Burr there were—
ayes 22, noes 68 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The com-
mittee has refused to rise. A quorum is not
nccessary upon such a question as this.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois is mistaken as to the rule. The Chair
is compelled to order tellers if the motion to
rise is insisted upon.
Mr. BURR. I have learned from my col-
league to bo persistent; and I insist upon my
motion,
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers ; and ap-
pointed Mr. Bbkh and Mr. Covode.
Tho committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 50, noes 66.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. McIvee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
ooly a word to say in reply to the observations
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. McKee. ]
Ihese " miscellaneous items" include all the
miscellaneous _ expenses connected with the
House—the mileage and per diem of witnesses,
tho pay of contestants, and various other mat-
ters, every item of which ;s reported and
printed among the expenditures of the House,
and can be referred to by the gentleman from
Kentucky if he desires to make the examina-
tion. This appropriation is right; and we
ought not to strike it out.
The question was then taken on Mr. McICee's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk then read as follows:
For newspapers an d station ery for two hundred and
thirtj'-threemcmbers and Delegates, at S12S each per
aunum,
Mr. PHELPS. I move to strike that out.
It is the same motion, Mr. Chairman, which I
made at the last session, and I believe the ses-
sion before that. I make if, for two reasons.
In the first place, it will save no very inconsid-
erable sum of money, for the expenditure of
which heretofore no very good reason can be
shown ; and in the second place, it will prove
to the country that this House really means
economy by beginning to reduce its own ex-
penses. It will give strong proof to the coun-
try that we are ourselves in earnest when we
have shown the moral courage of being able to
apply the knife of retrenchment to our own ex-
penditures, and, in my judgment, if this amend-
ment be adopted it will lead indirectly to the
saving of a greater amount of money than is
indicated in this item.-
It may be said that it has been the invari-
able custom to appropriate money for this pur-
pose. To that I reply that we ought relent-
lessly to refuse all appropriations that are not
absolutely necessary. If we intend to resist
the constant assaults upon the Treasury we
must begin at home, and it is for that reason
I move the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This ap-
propriation has been inserted here to carry out
thg law passed at the last session of Congress,
giving each member and Delegate $125 for
newspapers and stationery.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois whether there are not a great many
provisions by law which he has disregarded in
these appropriation bills? Are there not laws
requiring appropriations which he has refused
to make?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir.
Mr. ROBINSON. I wish to ask the chair-
man a question.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must
move an amendment.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to reduce the
appropriation one half, and I do it for thepur-
pose of asking a question. I will ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations
whether this sum is not a large increase upon
former appropriations for the same purposes ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir;
but on the contrary it is a very large decrease.
Mr. ROBINSON. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to reduce the
appropriation to $20,000. The paragraph reads
" for newspapers and stationery for two hun-
dred and thirty-three members and Delegates,
at $125 each per annum, $20,125," I see
immediately following it, in line one hundred
and forty-nine, there is an appropriation of
$10,000 for stationery, in reference to which I
think the House should have some explanation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is for
stationery for the committees.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to ask the gentle-
man another question. Many of the members,
indeed, I may say most of them, drew money
in commutation of their stationery, and fur-
nish themselves with stationery, such as they
wish, wherever they choose. Now, is it not
the duty of the Clerk under this appropriation
to make contracts and invest this money in
stationery ? If half of it only is drawn by mem-
bers, is not the other half left to be distributed
to those who may come along?
Mr, WASHBURNE; of Illinois. That is a
matter for the Clerk of the House and for those
who may come along.
Mr. MAYNARD. What becomes of the sta-
tionery which is not issued?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know whythe gentleman should ask ine this
question, as I am not the keeper of the sta-
tionery.
Mr. BROOMALL. Every dollar of it is
accounted for.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, and it is his duty to explain these
items as we go along.
■ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
further Answer to make.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman does
not understand the subject I shall make no fur-
ther inquiry of him.
Mr. PHELPS. I give notice that if my
amendment is adopted I will ask to go back and
move to strike out a similar appropriation for
the Senate.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Schenck
stated that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly House bill No. 1672, making ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1870, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. SCHENCK, (at
ten minutes to five o'clock p. m.,) the House
took a recess until half past seven p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., pursuant to order, Mr. Broom-
all in the chair as,Speaker pro tempore.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By order of
the House theXvening session will be devoted
to general debate only. The gentleman from
Illinois [MrC Ingersoll] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ImiERSOLL addressed the House.
[See Appendix.]
RECONSTRUCTION.
CULLOM. Mr. Speaker, the first gun
of the rebellion was fired on the 12th of April,
1861; the last one of its organized armies in
the spring of 1865. The struggle between the
Government and its enemies was long, expens-
ive, and sanguinary. The triumph of the
nation, defended by the glorious Army of the
Union, was complete. The rebellion destroyed
State governments, impoverished the people
of the States whete it existed, and resulted in
the' destruction of the great evil of the nation,
the institution of slavery. This condition of
things in the rebel States created the necessity
for the work' of reconstruction. This work
did not consist alone in getting the States
back into the enjoyment of representation
in Congress; that would have been an easy
task. Reconstruction consisted in feeding the
starving, clothing the naked, protecting the
weak, and finally the "establishment of civil
governments which should be republican in
form, aud a guarantee of protection to all the
people. The first work in the business of re-
construction was to feed and clothe the depend-
ent within the jurisdiction of the Government.
Hence, on the 3d day of March, 1865, Con-
gress passed an act, which was approved by
the late President, to establish a bureau for
the relief of freedmen and refugees. Its pur-
pose was declared by its title. It was dictated
by the spirit of civilization, and has been con-
tinued in force by a humane Congress and
sustained by. a liberal people in defiance of the
opposition of an ambitious Executive. It may
be called the first act of reconstruction, and
was sanctioned by President Lincoln.
After provision was made to prevent starva-
tion and suffering, the next duty of the Gov-
ernment was to protect the people in "their
civil rights, and furnish the means of their vin-
dication." Hence, on the the 9th of April, 1866,
the act knewn as the civil rights bill became a
law notwithstanding the veto of the then acting
President. That law remains upon the statute-
books, and its enactment was the first grand
move since the Declaration of Independence
recognizing the just principle of the equality
of all men before the law.
It is an evidence of the quickened conscience
of the people wrought by the fiery ordeal of
war. The country began to feel not only that
the rebellious States needed reconstruction,
but ^ that the whole country needed it; that
justice demanded that constitutions should be
amended, that laws should be enacted secur-
