1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
ing to all the people in the land an equality of
civil rights. Under the influence of slavery
the people had become indifferent to the ex-
isting inequality of civil-rights, and it required
war to arouse them to asense of duty. After
the civil-rights bill came the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution. It contained the
substantive principle of the civil rights bill
with other provisions. And while it was de-
signed as a measure of reconstruction of the
South specially, yet like the law it had its bear-
ing upon the whole country. It was an import-
ant amendment to the Constitution, and gives
greater character and stability to the Govern-
ment, in that it declares specifically who shall
be American citizens that they shall be en-
titled to the eqiuil protection of ihe laws ; that
the Federal debt shall be inviolate ; that the
debt incurred in aid of the rebellion shall
never be paid either by the United States or
any State, and that men who had taken an oath
to support the Constitution and then engaged
in insurrection and rebellion should never hold
office either in the Federal Government orany
State unless by the consent of two thirds of the
Congress of the United States.
But, Mr. Speaker, it did- not answer as a
basis of reconstruction. While, as I say, some
of its provisions are of great value, a portion
of the amendment should never have been
adopted, if, as is alleged by some, it recognizes
the right of each State to abridge or deny to
any portion of its people without cause the
exercise of the elective franchise. A State
has the right to disfranchise its felons, but it
has no right to disfranchise its citizens on ac-
count of race, color, or previous condition of
slavery.
The amendment was the best that could be
done, but I would be much better satisfied with
it if it were clearer on that point. To-day, sir,
we are at work to patch up the work which we
failed at that time to do correctly, as weshould.
These are days of progress, when the people
are learning more perfectly that governments
are for all the people and not for a favored
few; and it may be that we shall fail again in
doing our whole duty, and that in a few more
years the country will again be engaged in
perfecting or giving more breadth and vitality
to what we are attempting to do now. Gov-
ernments derive their just powers from the
consent of the governed; and resting upon this
great doctrine in theory .we have no right to
antagonize it in practice.- He who is subject
to law, helps to uphold it, and performs all the
duties of a citizen, should have the right to a
voice iu its affairs. It is not republican to
deny nor to stand by and allow it to be done.
There is no half-way ground; the rich, the
poor, the man of science, the uneducated,
whether favored by fortune or depending upon
honest toil—all classes in the State of sound
mind and not felons, without regard to condi-
tion, race, or color should be given the ballot.
The people of the South rejected the constitu-
tional amendment notbecause of its real faults,
but because under executive encouragement
they were induced to believe that they would
be restored to the right of representation in
the Government as States without giving any
evidence of disposition to support the country
whatever. Reconstruction up to this time had
been of a general character, and while each
step taken seemed to be necessary and proper
yet the work was scarcely begun.
On the 2d of March, 1867, Congress, by a law
passed over the President's veto, declared the
State governments of the rebel States only pro-
visional, gave military protection to all the
people, and clothed all the male citizens of
those States—except felons and those rendered
ineligible to hold office under the fourteenth
amendment—without regard to race, color, or
previous condition, with the right to vote, with
the right to proceed in the work of establish-,
ing civil government. By this Congress struck
the foundation-stone upon which republican
governments must be built, if built to stand.
By the passage of this act aud the acts supple-
mentary thereto the work of reconstruction
proper began wifh directness of purpose, and
soon resulted in the restoration of all the States
but three to their former practical relations with
the Government. Three States have failed to
make constitutions satisfactory to themselves,
and they remain unrepresented in the councils
of the nation. The policy of reconstruction
may be considered settled, though the work is
not all done; yet no man now is so idle as to
dream that any other policy will be adopted.
The President's policy has twice been repudi-
ated by the people, and congressional action
twice sustained. We may rejoice not only that
we believe we are right, but m the fact that the
great people at our backs, with a patriotism and
intelligence unsurpassed by any people in any
other country, have sustained us. Why have
we been sustained? Not because everything
we have done here has been done exactly right,
for I am free to confess that I believe we have
made mistakes—and, sir, in the storm of ex-
citement and dizzy whirl of revolution who
could avoid it—we have made mistakes, but
yet we have been sustained because the people
believed, what was true, that the action of Con-
gress was in favor of loyalty as against treason,
in favor of justice and against oppression.
They and we have been upon the side of human-
ity, and the policy which we have insisted upon
has tended to the elevation of the human race
and to promote the ends of justice.
Mr. Speaker, the country has passed through
four exciting political campaigns within the
last few years. The first, the campaign of
1860, involved the question of the extension or
non-extension of slavery, in which the people
declared that it should go no further. The
second, in 1864, proved that the people of the
nation could carry on a war upon its own soil
with a million of men in the field and, could
conduct a presidential campaign, hold an elec-
tion without distuibance or difficulty, and sus-
tain the cause of the country. The third, that
the congressional policy in dealing with the
conquered people of the South was more ac-
ceptable to the people than the policy of the
Executive, and that they are jealous of execu-
tive power when thrown in opposition to the
will of the representative branch of the Gov-
ernment. The fourth, the election of Novem-
ber last, proved that the loyal people who made
the sacrifice to save the country are determined
that they will not relinquish their guardianship
and allow the nation to pass into the hands
either of its open enemies or their sympathiz-
ers. The last contest is but recently over.
The Democratic party, clinging to its old name,
its old leaders, and worse than all its mode.rn
principles, challenged battle at the polls. The
Union party did not hesitate, but with their !
great leader, the military hero of the country,
the mau who had been sustained by the peo-
ple while he led their army to victory m the
field, they were ready for the contest. The
Union cause was triumphant,and General Grant
was elected by nearly a half million majority
of the popular vote of the country.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Boxer,] who last addressed the
House when in committee, would have us and
the country believe that our success has been
due to the personal popularity of our standard-
bearer and to the mistakes of the Democratic
party. Sir, our standard-bearer had, and to-day
has' great personal popularity in the country.
I shall not allow one word that I may utter to
gainsay it. Why had he the confidence of the
loyal people ? Because, sir, he believed in the
principles and policy of the great Republican
party of the country, and had put down a re-
bellion inaugurated by the southern wing of
the Democratic party because Union and lib-
erty had triumphed at the polls in I860. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania says ''that pub-
lic confidence turned to Grant as the unsus-
pected representative of a triumphant Union,
and the Republican party was saved through
him alone. Had he been the candidate of the
Opposition, whom could radicalism have elected
over him?" Sir, what opposition does the gen-
tleman mean? Does he mean the so-called
Democratic party? If so, he has no right to
put the case. Sir, there Tiever has been a time
since the first gun was fired upon Sumter that
General Grant would have consented to be the
candidate of the Democratic party for the Presi-
dency or any thing else. There is no party, sir,
in this country which has been more thoroughly
convinced of this statement than the Demo-
cratic party itself. 'While the great chieftain.,
after the close of the war, was con.teht#to go
forward in the discharge of his military duty,
continuing asbest he could to serve the coun-
try which he had saved by the sword, Demo-
cratic politicians, from the Chief Executive
of the nation down to the smallest schemer in
the party and up to the greatest, were planning
to devise ways and means to induce him to say
something or do something that might be con-
strued into opposition to Republican princi-
ples and the Republican party and in favor of
the Democratic party and its policy. A journey
to the tomb of the dead was improvised, and the
chief officers of the Army and the Navy were
invited to accompany "their Commander-in-
Chief," and Democratic politicians and the
press were proclaiming to thecountry that Gen-
eral Grant favored the policy of the President
and was opposed to Congress. But, sir, it all
availed nothing. True to principle, true to pat-
riotism and the flag, whenever his official duty
required him to speak or act he spoke and
acted for the country, and in harmony with the
Republican party. In this, sir, is much of his
strength to-day ; honest, earnest, patriotic, he
could not be swerved from his purpose by all
the machinations of a party struggling to rise
above the waves of public condemnation.
Sir, the gentleman again says that it was the
misfortune of his party to expose itself to mis-
representation. I quote substantially his lan-
guage. How was his party misrepresented or
misunderstood? The country believed that
while the war progressed a part of the party
sympathized with the rebellion, and the bal-
ance of it, that portion of the party south of
Mason and Dixon's line, the country knew
to be in the rebellion. The loyal people who
had been for the country during the war saw
no special evidence of a change iu the disposi-
tion of its members either of the northern or
southern wing of the party. Their national
convention assembled, and its delegates from
the North were the same men, and the candi-
dates were the same men, who had led the party
during the long struggle. Upon reading the
Democratic organ, the New York World, we
had a history, a biographical sketch, of the
lives and characters and services of the dele-
gates from the South. Mr. Speaker, is it fair
to suppose that a party in  uch times and to
such a convention would send such delegates
as would honestly represent its sentiments?
Who were there from the South ? Sir, let the
New York World of July 4, 1868, answer:
"The delegates.—Personal description of tbe mera-
bers of the convention.—Their record of service to
thenation.—The men upon whom the Republic relies
for salvation."
This, sir,is the heading, after which follows
the ''personal description of the members of
the convention
"Hon. John A.Winston, ex-Governor, colonel nine-
ty-first Alabama infantry, confederate States army.
JamesH.Clauton, chairman Democratic State execu-
tive committee, general of cavalry confederate States
service. K.G.Scott, jr., was in confederate congress.
J. T. Iloltslan, always a Democrat, entered confed-
erate States service as captain, fought through every
battle in the West, and rose to the rank of brigadier
general. W. 0. Oatis, always a Democrat, colonel
Alabaraainfantry. M. J. Ilulger, captain confeder-
ate States. J. B. Vance, in United States Congress
in 1861, then a confederate colonel, then Governor of
the State. J. L. Clingman, United States Senator in
1861, brigadier genera,I in confederate States scrvice.
W. L. Cox, always a Democrat,was brigadier general
in confederate States service. John F. Hoke, always
a Democrat, Stato adjutant general North Carolina
during the war. Caarles P. Kansom, brigadier gen-
eral confederate States service. 1>. M. Carter, colo-
nel and military judge corps court of Stonovrall
Jackson's command. "SV. ,T. Green, major confeder-
ate States service. J. M. Leach, member of ihe United
States Congress, afterward confederate States con-
gress. William M. Lowe, colonel confederate States.
James L. Sheffield, colonel of Alabama troops, eon-
federate States. E. C. Beudmot, brigadier general
confederate States. General Wade Hampton, one
