THE OOJSfGRESSIOWAL GLOBE.
January 27,
of the most prominent cavalry generals of the oon-
federateservice; and (in the language of the World,)
fills the pUoe left vacant by Calhoun, in the hearts
of thd white people. M. L. Bonliafti, ex-memoer
United States Congress, brigadier general confeder-
ate States. General J. B. Kasharil; major general
confederate States. ColonelM.W.Qary,commanded
Hampton legion.
So, Mr. Chatrilian, I might go on,and give
y'oti the "personal description" of hundreds
of the members of that convention. BM, sir,
I thini I have gone far enough to show that
the disposition and purposes of such a body
of men could not well be misapprehended or
misunderstood. The people' aid understand
them ; they have understood the animus and
purposes of the party 6ver since the struggle
with rebellion began, and the result has been
that it has been kept in the minority. But the
gentleman saiys that the iron-clad oath has
long ago become but a spike upon which to
impale conservatives. Sir, the test-oath which
has been prescribed by law, and which is re
quired to be taken before men can enter this
Hall and take their seats as members of this
House, is a grand check upon the designs of
wicked men who failed to destroy the Govern-
ment in the field or otherwise in aid of the
rebellion, and failing come here to renew their
efforts in the forum. Sir, if keeping out that
class of men makes it the " spike upon which
conservatives are impaled," then, sir, it is a
valuable spike, and 1 hope it may be driven
stronger, and clenched, if you please, So that it
may remain there for years to come. But the
gentleman from Pennsylvania has seen fit to
refer to the Representatives from the southern
States; and he says: "that there are Repre-
sentatives from southern States with seats on
this floor in full fellowship and communion
with the Radical majority from whose bodies
the Union bullets have never been extracted,
and who bear upon their persons the scars and
wounds received in their desperate endeavors
to capture or destroy this very Capitol, where,
as loyal men, they now sit in judgment."
Mr. Speaker, I have not the honor of an
intimate acquaintance with many of these gen-
tlemen: but, sir, I believe the Representatives
from the reconstructed States are generally
now ardent supporters of the Union;- and,
sir, many of them are not only Union men
now, but were Union soldiers during the war,
and others were steady supporters of the Union
nil through the contest. Whether there arc
Representative^ from the South on this floor
"from whose bodies the Union bullets have
never been extracted," I am not able to say;
but, sir, if there are men here with seats on
this floor "from whose bodies the Union bul-
lets have never been extracted," it is my sin-
cere hope, sir, that as they bear them they will
more and more appreciate the power of a free
Government and of that flag of our country
under which the Union soldiers fought with
them when the bullets were received. If such
gentlemen are upon this floor, sir, I am
informed that one of them at least is a steady
supporter of the gentleman's party. They did
not all capture the Capitol with Radical ballots.
But, Mr. Speaker, I must pass on. The
crises of the nation is passed. Many have been
the dark and gloomy hours within the last
eight years. The nation for long years was a
grand theater of war. Military power during
the war was the controlling power, as the tread
or armies almost shook the continent on which
we dwell. Sorrow aad bitterness have mingled
together as the people grappled with each other
while the straggle of the Army of the Union
and the army of rebellion went on. But, sir,
since victory perched upon the banners of the
patriot Army and peace has been restored the
nation begins to emerge into thg light of da-y
Her people may now all enjoy the fresh and
lllVJgO"' >,
hence
nvigorating air of liberty, and her course will
.enceforth be onward, and I trust thefe may
be no new obstacle in the way as America
marches on in her proud and mighty career.
The time has come when men may act free of
excitement, prejudice, or passion ; when they
Way reason together and unite in building up
a mighty nation with liberty and just laws as
its chief foundation. I am for peace. I shall
unite my voice With the voice of the millions
of the Republic as they take up the almost
magic words of the President-elect, "let us
have peace."' But, sir, let us not forget our
duty, and that now'is the time to strike at every
element of wrong and oppression in the laud
that is in reach of governmental action, and
that we can more easily eradicate any evil that
may havecrept into our system of Government
n6w than we ever could before, or than we can
in the future after the waves of revolution have
all passed away. In the work of perfecting our
system of Government and providing for it the
proper legislation I desire to know no section
nor party, and to be strippied of all prejudice.
I shall remember with a keen sense the suffer-
ing and mourningthat have filled the land, and
shall never forget the cause ; but the work of
rebuilding a shattered Republic must not be
done with malice, but with sorrow for the past;
and with-profit by its lessons we must seek to
establish a just Government and trust to the
future for its success.
And, sir, in the work of reconstruction, and
in our efforts to establish the Government upon
just principles, a constitutional amendment
regulating the question of suffrage throughout
the land should be passed and sent to the States
for their consideration without delay. Noth-
ing but a Constitution guarantying impartial
laws and impartial liberty will satisfy the de-
mands of justice or the people and place the
Government on a sure foundation. An amend-
ment declaring the immunities of citizens, and
guarantying a republican form of government
by securing the elective franchise to citizens
deprived of it by reason of race or color or pre-
vious condition, if sent to the States without
unreasonable delay, may be acted upon by the
State Legislatures of the Union, which are now
or will very soon be, in session, and it will
be but a short time before the Government will
be substantially jast in giving civil and polit-
ical rights to all its citizens. If in less than a
century from the adoption of the-Declaration
of Independence this nation guaranties by con-
stitutional provision perfect civil and political
rights to all its citizens we may justly bo proud,
and believe that our trials and sufferings may
not have been all in vain.
I am for the constitutional amendment re-
ported by the gentleman from Massachusetts
from the Reconstruction Committee and now
before the House for consideration. I am not
sure but it may be improved. The language
should be such as to cover the case and not
require amending again when in a short time
some other injustice grows up among the peo-
ple not based upon the question of race, color,
or previous condition of slavery. I am getting
tired of that expression. May there not be
need of making the amendment broader?
There are to-day many people in the country
who have amassed fortunes, who are living in
luxury, who look down with scorn upon the
poor. They believe the poor man has no right
to impose taxes upon them for schools, rail-
roads, or anything else. They do not believe
the poor man ought' to vote. Some of the
States now have property qualifications, and a
colored man cannot vote unless he happens to
own a certain amount of property. Again,
there is a large portion of the educated peo-
ple of the country who believe that they are
the people who are peculiarly fitted to do all
the voting, and that the unlettered man ought
not to have the right to vote ; they are willing
to let the man who cannot read do the fight-
ing, but desire his exclusion from the ballot.
Tim is all wrong; and in my judgment this
proposed amendment ought to be broader and
more comprehensive, so that we may not be
called upon soon again to support another. - j
Men may say there is no' danger from these
causes. There may not be at present, though
I do not admit it; but if there is not we should
look to possibilities in the future as we seek to
amend the great Magna Charta of the country.
As the country gets older and riches accumu-
late in families from generation to generation
it will become less and less interested in the
condition of the people, and aristocracy, backed
up by wealth, will seek to make the poor sub-
servient to its demands, and then the opptes-sed
will cry out for protection, and ask that it shall
be guarantied by the Constitution. Already,
sir, the monopolies of the country are becom-
ing the chief rulers of the land. Capital thrown
together and fostered and aided by legislation,
State and national, in the shape of railroad
charters, organizing companies, and allowing
consolidations, and aided by enormous land
grants ttnd money subsidies, are ruling the
country frOta one end of it to the other, and
the galleries and lobbies of every Legislature,
State and national, are thronged with men
seeking to procure an advantsJge over the mass
of the people_ by legislation, adding to their
already overgrown fortunes. The people have
these things to fear. These monopolies are to
be used in the future as mighty engines to
oppress the people who, remain at home pur-
suing an honest avocation scarcely imagining
tohat oppressions may be in store for them in
the future. I hope the committee who reported
this amendment will take it back, by consent
of the House, and make it broad enough to
protect the people in the future against op-
pressive legislation either on account of race,
color, or previous condition, or by capital, or
any other element that may seek to oppress
any portion of the people of the land.
But, Mr. Speaker, I must go on. In a few
more days the Government will pass into the
hands of a new administration. It will be a
happy change for the country. The President-
elect is the man for the work before him. Un-
der his administration, with a Congress in har-
mony with him in sentiment, a new era will
dawn upon the country; the laws will be en-
forcediinpartially; confidence in andrespectfor
the laws will be restored. There is no man in
the land, North or South, who does not believe
to-day that General Grant will deal justly by
all the people. The present Executive has not
the confidence, I will not say respect, of any-
body, North or South. The loyal people do not
regard him as in favor of the Union or any
policy Calculated to save it; the southern peo-
ple, while they have thus far been able by
craftiness to use him, have no faith in his sta-
bility of purpose, or that in fact he cares any-
thingaboutthem. He is in the way of peace and
harmony. There are to-day few people in the
landwho are not waiting anxiously for achange
of administration. While the Democrats of
the North supported theirehosen candidate for
the Presidency with an earnest zeal, and to-day
would prefer his election to that of General
Grant, yet there are few1 of them who do not
prefer the latter to the present incumbent of
the White House. With a clear head, a heart
full of kindness, with a purpose resolute and
determined, GeneralGratitwillsoon enterupon
the discharge of his high trust, and during his
administration we shall have a Government
regenerated. He will demand of the people in
all parts of the country fidelity to the flag and
obedience to law. He will exact of his sub-
ordinates in the civil service of the Govern-
ment economy and an honest and faithful per-
formance of duty. Integrity and economy
will be the crowning characteristics of his
administration.
And, sir, is it not well, in view of the reck-
lessness and corruptions that seem to have
enveloped the country of late, that we are to
have an Executive having close regard for the
financial interests of the people and nation?
The crying evil of the times is extravagance
and corruption among public officers. Office-
holders and people have forgotten the rules of
economy. We aeem not to know how to re-
trench, yet it must be done. At the close of
the rebellion our nation found itself with an
accumulated debt of nearly three thousand
million dollars, all but about sixty-four mil-
lion dollars the result of the war. With this
mighty load resting upon the people the most
rigid economy is demanded in &very Depart-
ment. TBvery officeholder, should be held to
