654
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
January 27,
/
amendment. 'On this point I do nofc wish to
stand without great and worthy authority. 'I
therefore give you the opinion of the great
chancellor:
"Citizens, under our Constitution and Taws, mean
free inhabitants born within the United States or
naturalized under the laws of Congress. It' a slave
born in the United States be manumitted or other-
wise lawfully discharged from bondage, or if a black
man be bom within the United States and born
free, be becomcs thenceforward a eitizen, but under
Buck, disabilities as the lawn of the States respectively
m iy deem it expedient to prescribe to free persons of
color."—2 Kent, 25&; Ilobbsvs. Fogg, 6 Watts, 553; The
State vsv Claiborne, Meigs; 331; Opinions of Attorneys
General, vol. 1, 382.
If gentlemen prefer a later, a more parti-
san,-but yet most respectable authority, I will
also cite the able advice of the late Republican
Attorney Genera] Bates to Secretary of the
Treasury Chase iti 1862. In .answer to the
question, who-are citizens of the United States?
he says *
"The phrase 'a citizen of the United States,'
without addition or qualification, means neither
more nor less than a member of the nation. And all
such are politically and legally equal. The child in
the cradle and its father in the Senate are equally
citizens of the United States. And it needsno argu-
ment to prove" * * * * "that every
citizen of the UnitedStates is a citizen of the partic-
ular State in which he is domiciled."
It does not deny, annul, or modify the power
of the States to make citizens of the States.
Slates may confer State citizenship and suf-
frage. They have always done it. It has be-
come the settled law of the Union. They have
given suffrage to persons not citizens of the
United States, They have repeatedly both en-
larged and abridged the number of electors.
They have done this in Indiana, Pennsylvania,
Tennessee, and almost all the other States.
Their right was never denied, and has been
either tacitly or expressly approved by all
departments of the Government. On this point,
too, I am able to sustain my position by the
judgment of the same great chancellor:
"These civil privileges conferred upon aliens by
State authority, are dictated by a just and liberal
policy, bat they must be taken to be strictly local;
"iid until a. foreigner is duly naturalized according
t<> the net of Congress he is not entitled in any othor
blate to any other privileges than those which the
laws of that State tdlow to aliens."—2 Kent, 70; G (hU-
J{%, 250; 2 Curtice lltetoiy of (Jonsttfution, 200;
JJutet 0)i Citizenship.
And further, by the judicial opinions of a
majority oi the justices of the Supreme Court,
io which I ask the attention of the House:
44 We must not confound the rights of citizenship
which a State may confer within its own limits and
tho rights of ciuacoship as a member of the Union,
lie may have all the rights and privileges of thocit-
l^en of 21, State, nnd yet not be entitled to tho rights
and privileges of a citizen of any other State. Nor
have the States surrendered the power and privi-
lege of conferring the rights and privileges of citi-
zens by adopting the Constitution of the United
States. Each State may still confer them upon an
ah en or any one it thinks proper, or upon uny class
or description ot persons; yet ho would not be a cit-
lxen m tho sense in which the word is used in tho
Constitution ot the United States, nor entitled to
sue us such m one of its courts, nor to the privileges
and immunities of a citizen in tho other States. A
i-tate cannot make a man a member of the commu-
nity of tho United States by making him a member
ot its own."—Scott vs. Sandford, lOJrlowaid, 105.
Neither does the paragraph under consid-
eration define citizen, or the constituent ele-
ments ot' citizenship of the United States or
of the States. It leaves both where it found
them—to rest upon the common law and the
laws of the several States. These words are
nowhere precisely delined in the Constitution,
laws, or judicial decisions of our country; but
in the uniform practice of the country, in many
learned commentaries, and numberless judicial
decisions touching the subject more or less
directly, they have been so nearly defined as
to remove all doubt as to their substantial
meaning.
American citizenship does not depend upon
or coexist with the legal capacity to h~old
office and the right of suffrage. The majority
of persons in every community in oar country,
every one of whom are citizens as really and
absolutely as the others, are denied the right
either to hold office or vote. The Constitution
nowhere declares who may vote or hold office,
except as to a few offices.
As' voting and holding office afe* not essen-
tial to citizenship, so the deprivation of either
by law is not a deprivation of citizenship; no
more so in the ease of a negro than of a white
woman or child. I therefore hold that the
first paragraph in question is merely declaratory
in a more specific and authoritative form of
what was law before. It gives no support, in
my judgment, to the extraordinary proposi-
tions contained in this bill. It is manifestly
intended only to remove all doubt, if any
existed, upon the fact that nativity and nat-
uralization confer, in the language of Justice
Story, a;general citizenship of the United States
.and give the country jurisdiction over them,
and give rise to the correlative obligations of
allegiance and protection ; and also to declare
all such persons citizens alike of the States
wherein they reside. The latter citizenship
must also be held to be of that same general
character. It is not more specific or certain
or better defined, and amounts in law to just
what it did before this enactment. Ever since
the organization of the Union, and just as
much before as since this amendment, any
citizen of the United States who voluntarily
removed to and became a permanent resident
of any State that instant, and by virtue of that
act and fact, became also a citizen of that State.
But such citizenship alone never gave a right
to vote or hold office, and it does not now.
There must be some added or acquired qualifi-
cation under the provisions of the State con-
stitution and laws, which can only be acquired
after the residence begins, and generally results
from its continuance for a prescribed period.
Otherwise, and on the theory of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, all such persons, the mo-
ment their State residence begins, become full-
fledged citizens with the right to vote and hold
office.
But the more important part of that section
declares :
"No State shall make or enforce any law which shall
abridsro the privileges orimmunitios of citizens of the
United States."
This is a limitation on the powers of the
States. It needs no legislation to enforce it-
It is better enforced by itself, and judicially.
But what do the important words " privileges
or immunities " mean 1 They are historic, and
have_ often received judicial and legislative
definition and construction. They had their
origin in the fourth article of the Articles of
Confederation, which reads:
"The better to secure and perpetuate mutual
friendship and intercourse among the people of the
different States in this Union, the ftee. inhabitants of
cac/i oft7ie*eS/afe.<i—paupers, vagahonds, and fugitives
from justice excepted—shall be entitled to all ■privi-
leges and immunities of free citizens m the several
States."
The purpose and intent of this provision are
clear and free from ambiguity, and afford an
infallible key to unlock the more mysterious
meaning of section two, article four, ofthe Con-
stitution. which was intended to perpetuate the
provisions in the Articles of Confederation,
and reads:
" The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens in tho several
States."
In the draft, of this section it is to be lamented
that certainty and perspicuity of intention were
sacrificed for the sake of brevity.
The language of the fourteenth amendment
seems to have been intended to give Congress
the power to enforce the provisions of this sec-
tion ; but the expression "privileges or immu-
nities of citizens ofthe United Slates" appears
to be restrictive of the object and intent of the
words in the section, " privileges and immuni-
ties of citizens in the several States."
But for the purposes of this argument, as
that view is most favorable to the friends of
this bill, I will assume that the two forms of
expression are exact equivalents.
I then proceed to inquire what do they
mean ?
In their derivation and legally and judicially
accepted signification they give no countenance
to the assumptions of the friends of this bill,
ihe word "privilege" is defined by Worcester
to mean "an exemption or immunity from
some general duty or burden; a right peculiar
to some individual or body; a peculiar advan-
tage or benefit." And the descriptive word
"peculiar" means "belonging to only one,
not common to many." The term "exemp-
tion" has an even more limited signification,
being by the same great lexicographer defined
to be "freedom or exemption from serving in
an office or from performing duties required
of others." It is most erroneous to suppose
that the words rights, privileges, and immuni-
ties are synonymous, i'liey are not. The word
rights is genetic, embracing all that may be
lawfully claimed, and it is affirmative, but the
others are, in their most exact and legal defi-
nitions, both restrictive and negative. The
gentleman from Massachusetts justly and logic-
ally maintains that whatever rights, privileges,
and immunities attach to and inhere in the
citizen or citizens of the United States must
belong to all alike. They must belong equally
to man and woman, to adultand infant, to sane
and insane, to black and white. But this just
and invulnerable position is most fatal to the
claim that the right of suffrage is one of the
constituent elements of citizenship, because
if it is it also must belong alike to all. But
the truth is, and it is within the observation of
all men, and is established by the uniform prac-
tice of every State in the Union, and is sustained
by an unbroken line of judicial decisions, that
no person ever did exercise the right of suf-
frage in virtue of the naked, unassisted fact
of citizenship. But in every instance the right
depends, and the franchise of suffrage is exer-
cised, upon some additional fact and cumula-
tive qualification prescribed by the laws of the
State, which may as perfectly exist without as
with citizenship, (Bates on Citizenship.) The
word citizenship has not in any of its elements
or meanings under the Federal Constitution,
nor have the words "privileges and immuni-
ties," in any of their just interpretations, any-
thing to do with or any power to set aside
or disregard any of the distinctions, require-
ments, or rights based upon domicile or resi-
dence in the respective States. Even the infa-
mous and revolutionary measures of recon-
struction in the South recognize and do not
attempt to disregard this universal truth. But
now and in this bill, and by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, for the first time in our history,
these fundamental truths are all to be ignored
or reversed.
This section does not require that the laws
and usages of one State shall be permitted
to prescribe qualifications for citizens to be
aimed and exercised in other States in con-
travention to their local policy. (2 Kent, 71;
19 How. R., 405.)
I understand its primary object to be to
secure equal privileges and immunities to the
citizens of each State while temporarily so-
journing in any other State; and its secondary
and only other purpose is to prevent any State
from discriminating in its laws in favor of or
against the citizens of any other State merely
because they are the citizens of such other
State, or, in other words, for mere sectional
reasons. For example, Massachusetts cannot
form any tacit or express alliance or friendship
with Maine which shall require or justify Mas-
sachusetts in giving to the citizens of Maine who
shall settle in Massachusetts any privileges and
immunities it does not equally give to the same
class of citizens from any other State.
Our ancestors had formed a sisterhood of
States, equal in dignity, rights, and powers,
and they merely intended by this provision
to prevent any combinations arising out of
mutual interests or animosities between cer-
tain States from taking the form of legislative
discriminations against the citizens of other
States. Texas cannot, because it dislikes Yan-
kees, withhold from the citizens of New Eng-
land any privileges and immunities it accords
to the citizens of the same class from Louisi-
ana. But Texas can deny to the paupers,
vagabonds, or fugitives from justice of iTew
England privileges' and immunities which it
