m
fm QQmmmmAh-
January 27,
Now, vvbo determines those qualifications in
the respective States? I say that .the people
of the several States themselves determine
thosequafifieations,and nootherpoweron earth
is authorized to interfere. The language of the
Constitution is clear and emphatic. It is too
plain to require interpretation. It establishes
a rule Which, in the nature of our {Joveru-
ment, .eanuot be uniform. It i  to be fixed by
each State for itself. And upon this point I
desire to invite attention for a moment to a
few authorities, and they are authorities of
great weight and distinction in the constitu-
tional history of our country; authorities enti-
tled to. the very highest consideration at the
hands of their pqsterity.' And first, Alexander
Hamilton, one of the earliest and greatest
expounders of our Federal Constitution, who
may be ranked as equal with our great states-
men of the earlier school. What does he say?
In No. 52 of the Federalist he use? this lan-
guage :
"To have" reduced the (Jiffercnt qualifications in
the different States to one uniform rule would prob-
ably have been as dissatisfactory to some of the
States as it would have been difficult to the Conven-
tion. The provision made by the Convention ap-
pears. therefore, to be tiiQ host that lay within their
option. It must be satisfactory to every State, because
it it conformable to Ik- standard already ettablished or
which nifty be established by the State itself. It will be
sate to the United States, because, being fixed by the
State constitutions, it is not alterable by the Stato
governments; and it cannot be feared that the pco-
plo of the States will alter this part of their consti-
tutions in such manner as to abrid^o the rights se-
cured to them by the Federal Constitution."
And in this connection I beg leave to invite
the attention of the House to a fact, perhaps
forgotten by some, that this number of the
Federalist may be quoted with equal propriety
as expressing the deliberate opinion and judg-
ment of Mr. Hamilton and Mr. Madison; be-
cause, in every list of the numbers of that work
ever furnished by Mr. Madison himself he
claimed that he, and not Mr. Hamilton, was
the author of No. 52; and Mr. Hamilton, in
some of his lists, claimed that he was its author,
and not Mr. Madison. But the claim that is
made by both of those distinguished statesmen
for the paternity of this nnmber of the Feder-
alist is enough to establish the fact that each
of them approved, indorsed, and adopted as
his own the opinions expressed in it. 1 there-
fore quote it now as expressing the equally
deliberate judgment of Mr. Madison himself
upon this subject.*
And in this connection I will briefly invite
attention to another authority. I quote now
from the History of the Constitution, hy Mr.
Curtis. I read it for the purpose of showing
what were the intentions, as he understands
them, of the framers of this particular part of
the Constitution. He says:
"The committee of detail, after a review of a.11
these considerations, presented a scheme that was
well adapted to meet the difficulties of the case.
They proposed that the same persons who, by the
laws of the several States, were admitted to vote for
members of the most numerous branch of their own
Legislatures, should have the right to vote for the
Representatives of Congress. Thc adoption of this
principle avoided the necessity of disfranchising any
portion of the people of a State by a system of qual-
ifications unknown to their laws. As the States were
tho bast judges of the circumstances and temper of
their own people, it was certainly best to conciliate
them to the support of the new constitution by this
concession. It was possible, indeed, but not very
probable, that they might admit foreigners to tho
right of voting without the previous qualification of
citizenship. _ It was possible, too, that they might
establish universal suffrage in its most unrestricted
sense. But against all these evils there existed one
greatsecurity, namely, that the mischiefs of an abso-
lutely free suffrage would be felt most severely by
themselves in their own domestic concerns; and
against thespecialdan^er to bo apprehended from the
indiscriminate admission of foreigners to the right of
voting, another featuro of the proposed plan gave
the national Legislature power to withhold from
persons of foreign birth the privileges of general cit-.
izenship, although a State might confer upon them
t lie power of voting without previous naturalization."
I will read no more of that authority, but
simply add that in a somewhat lengthy review
of this subject Mr. Curtis fully sustains the
expressed opinions of Mr. Madison and Mr.
Hamilton, and the positions I now maintain.
*No. 52 of the Federalist was first published in the
Packet, of Now York city, on February 12,1788,
I thinly it ^ill fye generally- conceded by most,
mea in this couutry that if this great pqwer
which is claimed by the, gentleman exists at
all, it cannot be found to rest upon this pro-
vision of the Constitution, but must find its
abiding place in another clause of the Consti-
tution, (Art. 1, sec. 4, clause 1,) which I will
now read to the House. It is as follows :
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions lor Senators and .Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof;
but the Congress may at any time, by law, make or
alter such regulations, except us to the plaoes of
choosing Senators."
Now, I invite attention to the obvious fact
that this provision of .the Constitution is lim-
ited by its own terms to certain objects. What
are they? First, to the "times." Times of
what? The times of holding the elections.
Second, to the " places.'' The places for what?
The plaees for holding the elections. Third,
to the "manner." Here I invite attention to
the obvious meaning of that word taken in
connection with the context. The maimer of
what? Is it the manner of determining the
qualifications of electors? That would be ab-
surd. If it was intended to confer that power,
an absolute and apt term would have been used
to grant it. No, sir; it relates solely to the
manner of holding elections, not the manner
of determining who shall vote or who shall not
vote. Such is the construction placed upon
this provision by Mr. Justice Story, whose ex-
amination of the history of the Constitution
was perhaps more thorough and exhaustive
than that of any other jurist or statesman in our
countiy. He disposes of the monstrous idea
that Congress may regulate elections in the
States, or that such purpose was ever cherished
by the framers of the Constitution, in the fol-
lowing manner:
"What would be said of a clause introduced into
tho national Constitution to regulate the State elec-
tions of the members of the State Legislatures? It
would be deemed a most unwarrantable transfer of
power, indicating a premeditated design to destroy
the State governments. It would be deemed so fla-
grant a violation of principle as to require no com-
ment."—Story on the Constitution, sec. 819.
Then, confining the power of Congress, un-
der the provision in question, to the mere
regulation of the times, places, and manner
of holding elections, he approves it as de-
manded by possible emergencies that may
arise in the history of the Union, and adds :
"There is no pretense to say that the power in the
national Government can bo used so as to exclude
anyStatefrom its share in the representation in Con-
gress. Nor can it be said with correctnessthat Congress
can in any way alter the rights orqv.at ifieations of voters.
The most that can be urged with any show of argu-
ment is, that the power might, in a given case, bo
employed in such a manner as to promote the elec-
tion ot some favorite candidate or favorite class of
men in exclusion of others, by confining the places
of election to particular districts, and rendering it
impracticable for the citizens at laa'ge to partake in
tho choice."—Ibid., see. 820.
Mr. Hamilton is equally emphatic in his
mode of disposing of the theory that would
tolerate the interference of Congress in the
regulation of elections in the States for State
officers. In No. 59 of the Federalist, he says :
" Suppose an article had been introduced into the
Constitution, empowering the United States to reg-
ulate the elections for the particular States, would
any man have hesitated to condemn it, both as an
unwarrantable transposition of power and as a pre-
meditated engine for the destruction of the State
governments?"
In the next number of the Federalist, speak-
ing more at length on the subject of the pro-
priety of allowing Congress to regulate the
times, plaoes, and manner of holding elections
for Representatives in Congress, and of the
alleged danger that Congress might so regulate
them as to favor certain classes in the States,
he further says:
" The truth is, that there, is no method of securing
to the rich tho preference apprehended but by pre-
scribing qualifications of property either for those
who mjy elect or be elected. But this forms no part
of the power to be. conferred upon the national Govern-
ment. Its authority would be expressly restricted to
the regulation of the times, the placcs, and the man-
ner of elections. The qualifications of the persons
who may choose to be chosen, as has been remarked
upon another occasion, are defined ar iflxud in the
Constitution; and are unalterable by the Legisla-
ture " [of the Union.]
These views-in reference to the history and
just interpretation of that provision are sub-
stantially concurred in by Mr. Duer, in his Lec-
tures on Constitutional Jurisprudence, and by
Mr. Curtis, in the work to which I have already
referred, the History of the Constitution.
■Now,I desire very briefly to direct the atten-
tion of the House to some additional testi-
mony on this subject, derived from the proceed-
ings of the Convention itself, as reported by
James Madison. I propose from thein to show
that the interprteation for which I contend is
the only true one, the only one of which the
provision is fairly susceptible, and the only one
which ever for a single istant entered the minds
or controlled the action of the framers of the
Constitution.
I invite attention now to what is called the
fifth volume of Eliot's Debates. It is really
the debates of the Constitutional Convention,
prepared by Mr. Madison. While the subject
was under discussion, on the 24th day of July,
1787, the following proceedings were had:
" Mr. Gocverneur Mokkis moved to strikeout the
last member of the section beginning with the words
'qualifications of electors,' in order that some other
provision might be substituted which would restrain
tho right of Miffrage to freeholders.
"Mr. Fitzsimmons s conded tho motion.
"Mr. Williamson was opposed to it."
He was followed by Mr. Wilson, afterward
one of the justices of the Supreme Court, ap-
pointed by Washington:
"Mr. Wilson. This part of tho report was well
considered by the committee, aud he did not think
it could be changed tor the better. It was difficult
to form any uniform rule of qualifications for all tho
States. Unnecessary innovations, he thought, too,
should be avoided. It would be very hard and dis-
agreeable for the same persons, at the s-vme time, to
vote lor representatives in tho State Legislatuie, and
to bo excluded from a vote for those in the national
Legislature.
" Mr. Gouvekneuk Morris. Such ahardship would
be neither great nor novel. _ Tho people are accus-
tomed to it, anrl not dissatisfied with it, in several
of tho States. In some, the qualifications aredifier-
eDtforthechoiccof Governor and of the representa-
tives: in others, for diffeicnt houses of the Legista-.
ture. Another objection to the clause a? it stands is,
that it makes the qualifications of the national Legisla-
ture defend ontlie will of the Slates, which he thought
not proper." '
Then we have Mr. Ellsworth, afterward the
second Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of
the United States:
"Mr. Ellsworth thought tho qualifications of
the electors stood on tho most proper looting1, The
right of suffrage was a tender point, and strongly
guarded by most of the State constitutions. The
people wilt not readily subscribe to thena'ional Con-
stitution, if it should subject them to be disfran-
chised. The States are the bescjudgesof thecircuin-
staneesand temper of their own people."
Some remarks were made by Colonel Mason,
who was a distinguished member of the Con-
vention from Virginia. After several other
distinguished members had expressed their
views and all in entire harmony with the views
of Story and Hamilton, which I have quoted,
James Madison, as reported by himself, used
the following language:
"The right of suffrage is ccrtainly one of tho fund-
amental articles of republican government, and
ought not to bo left to be regulated by the Legisla-
ture" [of the Union.]
The illustrious Dr. Franklin, a member of
the Con vendor, in some characteristic remarks,
opposed the motion of Mr. Morris, and gave
the weight of his great influeuce to retam the
provision as reported by the committee and as
explained in the preceding discussion, iti the
same connection I refer to the remarks of
George Nicholas in the convention at Virginia.
They are to be found in the third volume of
Eliot's Debates, page 41:
MI will consider it first, then, its to the qualifica-
tions of the electors. The best writers on govern-
ment agree that in a republic those Jaws which fix
the right of suffrage are fundamental; if, therefore,
by the proposed plan it is left uncertain in whom the
right of suffrage is to rest, or if it has placed that
light in improper hands,! shall admit that it is a
radical detect; but in this plan there is a fixed rule
for determining the qualifications of electors, and
thatruiethe most judieious thateould possibly have
been devised, because it refers to a criterion which
cannot be changed. A. qualioco.iion that gives a
rightto elect representatives for the State LegisJa-
turesgives al:o by thisconsritution a right to choose
Representatives for the General Government. As
thequajifieafcions- of electors are*different in the dif-
ferent St&teai.ftO particular (salifications, uniform
