1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667
through the States, would have' been politic, as it |
would have caused a great inequality in the electors, i
resulting from the situation and eireumstancei? of :
the respective Slates. Uniformity of qualifications I
would greatly uifect the yeomanry in the States, as ;
it would either exclude from ihisinherentnghtsome ,
who ure entitled to it by the laws of some States at ;
present, or be extendedso universally a? to defeatthe j
admirable end of the institution of representation." I
On a subsequent day, when the same pro-
vision was under consideration, Mr. Madison
again expressed his views. I should not be
disposed to refer to him again, but the honor-
ble gentleman from .Massachusetts, [Mr. Bout-
well,J in his remarks the other day, quoted in
detense of his own theory the remarks of Mr.
Madison on the latter occasion, in order to
show the entire consistency of those views
•with Mr. Madison's more deliberately expressed
opinion in the Federalist, 1 will incorporate a
part of them into my argument.
Mr. Madison reports himself as saying:
"The necessity of a General Government supposes
that the State Legislatures will sometimes fail or
"refuse to coosult the common interest at the expense
ol their local convenience or prejudices. Tho policy
of referring the appointment 01 the House of Repre-
sentatives to the people, aud not to the Legislatures
ot the Srat.es, supposes that the result wiii be some-
what influenced by the mode. This view of theques-
tion seems to decide that the Legislatives of the
States ought not to have the uncontrolled right of
reguia.mg the times, places, and manner of holding
elecuoub. These were words of great latitude. It
was impossible to foresee all the abubes that might
be made of the discretionary power."
Now, I invite attention at this point to the
obvious construction that was put by Mr. Madi-
son upon these words, '*the times, the places,
and the manner of holding elections." And
it is clearly inferable, from what he says, that
he understood these things to relate, not to the
qualifications of electors, but to various cir-
cumstances connected with the holding of
elections, not embracing the qualifications of
electors at all. lie says further:
4* Whether the electors should vote by ballot or
viva voce, should assemble at this place or that place,
sfoou.d be divided mt« districts or all meet at one
place, should all vote for all the Representatives, or
all in a distiict vote lor a member allotted to the
dis'rict; these and many other points would depend
on the Legislatures and might materially affect the
appointments. Whenever the State Legislatures
ha i a favorite measure to carry they would takecare
so to mold their regulations as to favor the candi-
dates they wished to succeed.
' Brides, the inequality of representation m the
Legi-1 ttures of particular States would produce a
like inequality m their representation in the na-
tional Legislature, and it was presumable that the
counties, havingthe powerin the former case, wouid
secure it to tsieui-elves in the latter.
" What danger would there be in giving acontrol-
ling power to the national Legislature? Of whom was
it to consist ? First, ot a Senate, to be chosen by the
State Legislatures. If thelatter, therefore,could be
trusted their Representatives could not. be danger-
ous. Secondly, of Representatives clected by the
same people wno elect! he State Legislatures. Surely,
then, if confidence is due to the latter it mustbe due
to the former. It seems as improper in principle,
though it might be less inconvenient to practice, to
give to the Stats Legislatures this great authority
over the election of the .Representatives of the people
in the Genejal Legislature, as it would be to give to
the latter a, like powerover the election of their Rep-
resentatives in the State Legislature."
It should be borne in mind that the qualifi-
cations of electors for members of Congress
and State officers were, at the time of the form-
ation of our Constitution, fixed in every State
in the constitution of the State, and were not
subject to control or modification by the State
Legislatures. All the State Legislatures could
do could only consist in laws regulating the
times, places, and manner of holding the elec-
tions. Lest they should in any contingency,
or for any purpose or causes, fail to regulate
these matters with reference to the election of
Congressmen, it was thought necessary to give
to Congress the power to regulate them, so that
it might, prevent an entire failure of represent-
ation from any State. It is, therefore, no doubt
competent for Congress to prescribe by law
when the congressional elections shall be held
in all the States, and at what places they shall
be held, and in what manner they shall beheld;
that is, whether the people of a whole State
shall all vote for the number of 'Congressmen
to which that State is entitled, or the State be
divided into districts, and the people of each
district vote for one member only, or whether
40tk Co.w. ')f> —No. 42.
they shall vote by the secret ballot or vivavace.
But Congress has no power to prescribe bylaw
who shall vote or what shall constitute the quali-
fications of a voter for a member of Congress.
Nor has it any power to dictate when or where
or how elections shall be held for officers of
the State government, or who shall vote at !
them.
Now, I have cited or referred to every known |
expression of opinion on this subject by any
American statesman, publicist, or jurist of dis-
tinction, and shown that they all, with a unan-
imity almost unparalleled, concur in the same
interpretation of the power of Congress under
the provision in question. The practice of the
Government, without a single example to the
contrary, sustains the same construction. Such
an extent of power on this subject over the
States as is now claimed for Congress, if it had
been asserted by any party prior to onr late
most deplorable rebellion, would have con-
vulsed the nation to its extremest boundaries
with excitement and apprehension. It would
have been more than sufficient, if avowed in
the constitutional Convention, to have defeated
forever the adoption of the Constitution by
the people of the States. It will be sufficient
now, if conceded to exist, to subvert the great
principle of local self-government, which is the
chief bulwark of our liberties.
Against the array of authorities to which I
have referred in vindication of this great prin-
ciple, against the absorbing power of Congress,
what authority is produced? Not one clear,
direct, or unequivocal authority in the whole
range of American statesmanship or history
can be found to the contrary. The honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr Butler,]
with the aid of his great legal and general
learning, can sustain his position by nothing
better than the following from 3 Eliot's De-
bates, page Mi, which is attributed to Mr.
Madison:
"With respect to the other point it was thought
that the regulation of the time, place, and manner of
electing Representatives should bo uniform through-
out the continent. Some States might regulate the
elections on principles of equality and others might
regulate them otherwise. This diversity would be
obviously unjust. Elections are regulated now un-
equally in some States, particularly m South Caro-
lina, with respect to Charleston, which has a repre-
sentation of thirty members. Should the people of
any State by any means be deprived ot the right ot
suffrage, it wasjudged proper tint it should bo rem-
edied by theGeiieral Government. Itwasfound im-
possible to fix tho time, place, and manner of the
election of Representatives in the Constitution. It
was found necessary to leave the regulation of this,
in the first place, to the State governments, as being
best acquainted with the situation of the peoplo sub-
ject to the control of the General Government, in
order to enable it to produce uniformity and prevent
its own dissolution. And considering the Stato gov-
ernment and General Government as distinct bodies,
acting in different and independent capacities tor the
people, it was thought the particular regulations
should be submitted to the former and the general
regulations to tho latter. Were they exclusivelyun-
der the control ot the State governments the Gene-
ral Government might easily bo dissolved.^ Eut if
they be regulated properly by the State Legislatures
the congressional control willvery probablynever be
exereised. The power appears to me satisfactory and
as unlikely to be abused as any part of the Constitu-
tion."*
This language is said to have been used by
Mr. Madison, in the Virginia convention of
1788 for the ratification of the Constitution of
the United States, at a time when the provi-
sion in question was under consideration in that
body.
But let it be remembered that this extract
is not the language of Mr. Madison, was not
reported by him, and has never had his
approval, "it is merely an attempt by some one
to give the substance of what he said on the
occasion referred to. It was not taken down
by an official reporter. In the language of Mr.
Elliott himself, "it was collected and revised
from contemporaneous publications," long
years after it was spoken, perhaps from some
loose newspaper report made at the time, and
was published. ,1 believe, in 1827. It bears
intrinsic evidence of inexactness and want of
authenticity. It makes Sir. Madison, xmose
* This extract was aitubuicd to J.tmes Madison,
under date of June 14,17SS, in t he V irtfima eonveu-
tic<i.
ideas when expressed by himself are always
in worts most carefully and fitly chosen, say
that *' it was thought that the regulation of the
time, place, and manner of electing 'Represent-
atives should be uniform throughout the con-
tinent." Every expression in it is consistent
with the prevailing idea through all the proceed-
ings of the convention, that Congress should
have no power to fix qualifications of voters
in the Sfat.es, either for State officers or for
Representatives in Congress. It might regu-
late the mode of holding the elections for Rep-
resentatives, so as to prevent a failure of
representation. As to this mode of holding
elections, as Mr. Madison said, some States
might regulate it on principles of equality, and
others, by various regulations as to the times
and places where the elections should be held,
might make them affect unequally the people
of certain sections of a State, and be there-
fore unjust. But Congress, having no motive
to so regulate these times and placesas to make
them bear unequally on different sections in a
State, could properly be intrusted with th"ir
control as to congressional elections. But with
all its manifest looseness and inexactness of
form, every sentence in this extract is readily
reconcilable with the more deliberate and self-
written judgments of Mr. Madison and all the
other fathers and sages to whom I have re-
ferred. I unhesitatingly affirm, therefore, that
it wholly fails to justify in any degree the
structure erected upon it by the honorable gen-
tleman. On the contrary, taken in connection
with all I have shown, it stamps the whole
theoiy of the honorable gentleman as most
dangeions and revolutionary.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts, with
great emphasis, refers to certain general ex-
pressionsin the writings of Madison, Hamilton,
and others, to the effect, using the words of
Hamilton when referring to this very provision,
that "its propriety rests upon the evidence of
this plain proposition : that every Government
ought to contain in itself the means of its own
preservation." Upon the authority of this and
like expressions he attempts to array the fathers
in support of this revolutionary bill. The at-
tempt, in my judgment, involves a most unfair
if not intentional perversion of the sentiments
of those great men. This wicked perversion
is made impressively manifest by placing in
'juxtaposition the more specific declarations of
opinion by the same great statesmen, Mr. Ham-
ilton, on thissubjectin the same and succeeding
numbers of the Federalist. He says:
"Suppose an article had been introduced into the
Constitution empowering the United States to regu-
late tho elections for the particular States, wouid
any man h.ivo hesitated to condemn it. both as :'n
unwarrantable transposition of power and as a.pre-
meditated engine for the destruction of the State
governments?"—2\o. 59.
And in the next number, written on the same
subject, in replying to the enemies of the Con-
stitution, who had alleged against it that Con-
gress might so regulate elections as to favor or
prefer the rich over the poor, he says:
"The truth is, there is no method of securing to
the lich tho pretoienco apprehended bulbyprescnb-
liiff qualification*; oj properly tilhei jor tho*e icl'O
elcct or be elected. But this formno part oj the power
to be conferred upon the national Qoveruntt-nt. Its
authority would be expressly restricted to the regu-
lation of the times, the places, and tho manner of
elections. The qualif cations of the persons who map
choose or be chosen, as has been remarked upon
another occasion, are defined and fixed in the Ooo^-
stitution, and tire unalterable by the Legislature
[of tho Union.]
Could language be more explicit and unam-
biguous? What becomes of the gentleman's
repeated declaration that the friends ot the
adoption of the Constitution had never denied
tho construction placed upon the provision
referred to by its enemies? The truth is. ill'.
Speaker, it was always denied by them. It
was strained and exaggerated by the opponents
of the Constitution, in order to alarm die people
and defeat i'r ratification, and it is now entitled
to no consideration whatever.
Tliou, what do thopo expressions mean ?
; Tnov' tnap.i'estb" and only mean tb«t the States
i might fail to provide i'oi flections at all, or
1 might so organize the States into districts and.
