658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
election precincts as to defeat the will of the
majority and give excessive and unfair repre-
sentation to minorities in this House, precisely
what the Radical party have been doing to an
unprecedented and most disgraceful extent in
all the States of the Union in which they have
had political control for the last few years.
The friends of the adoption of the Constitution
favored and defended this power of regulation
of the times, places, and manner of holding
elections for members of Congress, on the
ground that Congress, in order to secure equal
representation of the people in this House,
might enact such regulations on these subjects
as to prevent the perpetration of just such
political frauds, the great fraud of '' gerryman-
dering," and like devices of unscrupulous par-
tisans.
Bat it is also urged that there are citizens of
the United States in Kentucky and Maryland
and other States (negroes) who might become
President of the United States and yet cannot
vote. The only requisites for eligibility to the
Presidency are citizenship of the United States,
age, and residence. Sex is no disqualification
in terms. Itis, therefore, equally true thatthere
are in Massachusetts and the other States mil-
lions of white women, and in Rhode Island
and under the infamous laws of Missouri and
in other States thousands of white men, all
equally citizens of the United States, who are
eligible, upon the theory of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, to the Presidency, and yet can-
not vote. But these facts give Congress, no,
new power, and do not change the Constitu-
tion.
And if the theory of the gentleman is ten-
able that citizenship of the United States con-
fers the right of suffrage, then every ex-rebel
in the South is wrongfully denied that right,
and in violation of the Constitution, because
they are all citizens under the express and most
explicit language of the fourteenth amend-
ment, and auy one of them having the required
age and period of residence may be elected
President, and especially if he is not embraced
in the disqualification to hold office contained
in the third section of that amendment, and
yet he cannot vote. Again, if citizenship alone
entitles^ to suffrage, and Congress has power to
secure it to all, then every disfranchised man
in Missouri, West Virginia, Tennessee, and the
other States of the South, is entitled to it and
Congress ought to enable them to enjoy it, for
they are all citizens of the United States, and
cannot vote. Again, on the same theory the
vilest criminal behind prison bars in the coun-
try is entitled to vote, because he is a citizen
of the United Slates, and if he have the pre-
scribed age and residence might be elected
President, butyet he cannotvote. There is 110
power on earth that can decilizenize a citizen
of the United States except himself, l)y volun-
tary expatriation. It cannot be done as a pun-
ishment for crime. The vilest criminal is en-
titled, by reason of his citizenship, to demand
the protection of the law to a certain extent.
But, another of the startling propositions
announced by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts and embodied in this bill asserts that there
are now in this Union no States whose gov-
ernments are republican in form, and that it
has therefore become now th.o duty of the
United States " to guaranty to every State in
this Union a republican form of government,"
and that in the execution of this guarantee Con-
gress has power to form, dictate to, and force
upon the States^ such local constitutions as in
its own discretion, distempered judgment, or
partisan will shall meet this guarantee. The
mere statement of this proposition makes its
revolting and despotic character alarmingly
apparent.
This provision supplies no justification what-
ever for the monstrous policy of these meas-
ures. It gives Congress no shadow of right to
dictate constitutions to States of this Union.
Every contemporaneous interpretation of it is
utterly inconsistent with any such idea. Our
forefathers never tolerated by any act of theirs
any such-invasion by fjorigresg of the primary
and inalienable right of self-government in the
people. In its true intent and spiritthis provision
is rather designed to prohibit just such changes
in the local governments as the pending meas-
ures contemplate. Hamilton says, "thisguar-
antee could only operate against changes to be
effected by violenceand that it is "as much
directed against the usurpation of rulers as
against the ferments and outrages of faction
and-sedition in the community." Mr. Madison
says:
"The authority extends no further than to a guar-
antee of a republican form of government winch
supposes a firee.eisZinfi'goveminent of the form which
is to bo guarantied. As long, therefoie, as the exist-
ing republican torms are continued by the States they
aro guarantied by the .Federal Government. When-
ever the State may choose to substitute other repub-
lican forms they have a right to do so, and to claim
the Federal guarantee for the latter."
In these views Judge Story fully concurs.
If this power exists then our Government
(Federal) is a perfected despotism, and Con-
gress is our dictator and despot. If Congress
can declare certain State regulations now ex-
isting to be anti-republican, and compel the
acceptance by the States of such substitutes as
it may dictate on the subject of suffrage, it
may to-morrow adjudge the latter or others
to be anti-republican, and prescribe new or-
ganic laws to the States; and if the judgment
of Congress is the only test of republican insti-
tutions they are liable to change in all the
States as often as from any cause that judg-
ment changes; and they would be subject to
most material alterations as often as the ascend-
ency of political parties in Congress changes.
These changes in any case, on this theory, can
only be limited by the varying will of Congress.
They may, therefore, embrace in their opera-
tion all the laws of descent, of contracts, of
marriage, of trial and punishment for crime,
and for choosing judges or organizing a judi-
ciary, and almost all others in any State, l'hus
the boasted and cherished right of local self-
government in this country becomes a myth, a
delusion, and a cruel fraud ; a fraud, because
no State foreseeing such a result would ever
have become a party to such a union or would
ever have consented thus to commit State
suicide. In the language of Mr. Hamilton, any
such proposition would have been regarded by
every one "as a premediated engine for the
destruction of the State governments."
The second section of the fourteenth amend-
ment, in the most direct and conclusive terms,
recognizes and reaffirms the original and un-
delegated right of the States to control the
suffrage. It would have been a signal and
unprecedented act of stultification for any Con-
gress to propose or any people to ratify such
a section, if, at the same time, they claimed
or believed the supreme power to regulate suf-
frage to be in Congress. It involves the ab-
surdity of a solemn constitutional declaration
that if the States enact a void law on the sub-
ject of suffrage the representation of their
people in Congress shall be reduced, although
Congress can instantly supply a perfect rem-
edy, and totally annul the State law and give
suffrage, in fact, to whom it pleases. Such a
construction appears to me to be weak, fool-
ish, and offensive to the just dignity of all
legislation, and especially to the solemnity of
any constitutional enactment. You would
deny representation, a right of the utmost in-
trinsic value, to the very classes whom the
States should vainly attempt but wholly fail
to deprive of suffrage.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts Jias
discovered that this denial of representation
was intended to be "a mere political penalty
for doing what the first section declares shall
not be done." A penalty against whom ? How
is it to be enforced? A State withholds suf-
frage from its citizens of African descent;
Congress then at once interposes and confers
that suffrage. It is then in fact enjoyed by
those citizens. Can Congress then reduce such
a State's representation in this House? Cer-
tainly not. Must Congress, then, stand by and
permit the wrongs, against which it might afford
instant remedy, to be done and suffered in
order to enable it to inflict the penalty? Did
the people intend such absurdities in the enact-
ment of this section ? No, Mr. Speaker, they
merely recognized an existing right, and power
in the respective States, and <hen presented to
them increased representation as an induce-
ment to increased liberality in the regulation
of suffrage. That is all. That is consistent with
the rights of the States and with just and
rational interpretation. It is consistent with
the solemn declaration of the Republican party
in the Chicago convention, that " the question
of suffrage in all the loyal States propeily be-
longs to the people of those States." It is also
consistent with the ten thousand times repeated
declarations of that party and of all its lead-
ing men and organs to the same effect. This
construction is necessary now to protect them
against the charge and guilt of insincerity and
false professions in the past, and a wicked and
premeditated purpose thereby to deceive the
people, and upon false pretenses to secure and
retain political power in the country. If they
were honest in the past, the present movement
involves a very miraculous conversion or the
most disgraceful infidelity to solemn pledges
and declarations of principles. It appears to
me, Mr. Speaker, that the proposed new amend-
ment which accompanies this bill is justly sub-
ject to the same charge of bad faith, and there-
fore, as well as for its inherent viciousness,
ought not to be proposed to the States.
Over a year ago a bill almost identical in
legal effect and nearly so in terms was intro-
duced in this House by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bboomall,] and discussed
by him, and briefly by myself. I then (March
18, 1868) thought it my duty, together with
other views, to say:
"Mr. Speaker, the gentleman who Inst addressed
the House on this bill [Mr. Kelley] assumes that it
is not now a partisan question whether suffrage
should be extended to all the States of this Union by
act of Congress. I believe myself it is not. Erom
what we have heard here to-day I am prepared to
asreeyith him that it is not now a party question on
that side of the House whether this bill shall puss or
not. But I infer from what he said, and I believe it
to be true, that the moment the majority of this
House feel that they have the power to enact a bill
of this kind they will do it just as certainly as tluxt
God liven. It is to-day the settled purpose of the
party to introduce and pass abill of this kind just as
soon as possible."
I see no reason now, Mr. Speaker, to change
this opinion. On the contrary, it gathers daily
confirmation from passing events. It may be
that this bill did not have its origin in partisan
motives, but I think very few candid observers
will attribute it to any other or higher origin.
The maintenance of power by the Republican
party seems to be the chief aim of this bill.
The fourth section of the bill purports to be
designed to enforce the third section of the four-
teenth amendment, which disqualifies certain
persons to hold office, and it declares that any
person who takes office contrary to that section
shall be held guilty of a misdemeanor, and on
conviction shall be imprisoned at hard labor
for two years. This penal section in the gen-
tleman's bill inspires in my mind emotions of
disgust and horror. It carries my mind back
to ages of barbarism, and recalls the truculent
and merciless persecutions, proscriptions, and
punishments inflicted by successful chiefs upon
their subjugated enemies, Itis unworthy of
this age, and would be an eternal shame to r ur
country. Better instantly remove all disabili-
ties from every ex-rebel in the country. Prac-
tice mercy, notvengeance. Do justice without
this indiscriminate cruelty. If yon will not do
these things, then at least leave the third sec-
tion of the fourteenth amendment of the Con-
stitution to execute itself by the sufficient aid of
the Federal judiciary. It needs no more. Com-
mon humanity and dccent justice forbid that
you shall refuse this much.
pubtjc revenues.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, the public
revenues constitute an importantbranch of the
financial system of our Government, and hence,
while discussing the finances, and the means
deemed necessary to improve their condition,
I trust it will not be regarded as inappropriate
