m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJ1.
But, sir, the time has past when the argu-
ments so nicely drawn and so plausibly stated,
as they wete by Mr. Clay even, have any appli-
cability. The plea of infancy can no longer
avail the capital interested in manufacturing
in this country. The manufacturing interest—•
I mean more particularly that portion of it
which is represented by accumulated capital—
is now a lull-grown interest. It is now a master
and controlling interest in all our public affairs.
In some localities, at least, it can dictate terms
to and overshadows all other interests. It can
make and unmake public men. It is able to
keep its committees and paid agents here at
the capital to urge its claim to perpetual con-
sideration, often in numbers and sufficient force
to obstruct in no small degree the ingress and
egress of Senators and llepresentat.ives to and
from their respective Halls of legislation. Un-
der a stable and well-adjusted system of finances
and a just and equal measure of taxation it is
able to compete with similar enterprises every-
where within its own markets.
If it ever did exist, Mr. Speaker, when the
manufacturing interests of this country could
properly solicit the special protection and pe-
culiar favor of Congress, that time has now
gone by and ought never to be recalled. These
interests ought now to be content with equal
and just laws, if with these they cannot pros-
per, then let the capital employed in them . eek
other investments. Opportunities for such
other investments are everywhere offered and
promise the most liberal returns. 1 take great
pleasure in stating that a large proportion of
the enterprising men of this country who are
interested in American manufactures ask no
special favors from the Government. They
only desire equal and just laws fairly adminis-
tered. To this much they are entitled in com-
mon wiih all other American citizens, in what-
ever pursuit they are engaged. If with this
our manufactories can increase and multiply
no one will be more delighted than I will be.
If with this they fail it is no fault of Congress
or of the Government. It will be from some
inherent difficulty in the business itself or from
a want of skillful management of its affairs.
It is the right of every free man to buy his
goods in the cheapest market and to sell his
commodities for the best price he can obtain.
This right, however, he holds ill subordination
to the right of his Government to regulate
the interchange of commodities between his
and other nations. Whatever regulations are
made by his Government, nevertheless in dero-
gation of his right, ought to be for the benefit
of all its citizens collectively, and not for a
class of them only. He holds this right, too,
in subordination to the power of his Govern-
ment to lay "taxes, duties, imports, and ex-
cises" for the purposes of revenue on such
commodities as may be produced within or
imported into it. Subject, however, to these
demands of his Government, the free citizen is
entitled to a free interchange of his commod-
ities everywhere within the shadow of the flag
that protects him. This free interchange of
commodities, subject only to the real neces-
sities of the Government, constitutes legitimate
free trade. In this sense I am a freetrader now
and always. In this sense I believe that a large
majority of the American people now are and
henceforth will be in favor of free trade. Rich-
ard Cobden says:
"Fro®,trade is the international common law of
the Almighty.
I accept his definition and denounce all une-
qual and unnecessary shackles on commerce
as a violation of this great "common law."
Adatn Smith, in his "Wealth of Nations,"
lays down four maxims by which nations ought
to be governed in the assessment and collec-
tion of taxes. His first maxim is comprised
in the following words:
" The subjects of every State ought to contribute
foe support of the Government as nearly as pos-
sible in proporsion to their respective abilities: that
is, in propoition to the revenue winch they respect-
ively enjoy under the protection ot the State. In
the observation or neglect of thi^ maxim consists
what is called the equality or inequality of taxa-
tion/'—Booh. S, chap. 2.
In his fourth maxim he says :
" Every tax ought to be so contrived as both to take
out and to keep out of the pockots of the people as
littlo ay possible over and above what it brings into
the public treasury of the State."
These views have been generally concurred
in by subsequent writers, and may be said to
have become classical, in terse phrases they,
in my judgment,, shadow forth the true theory
of taxation, and are just as applicable to duties
on imports asany other form of raising revenue.
I do not pretend, Mr. Speaker, that a uni-
form or pro rata tax on every commodity or
upon everyspecies of property is either prac-
ticable or desirable in any system of taxaiion.
Some lauds of property will bear taxaiion I
more readily than other kinds will. Some kinds I
of property, in the very nature of tliiugs, are I
more productive than other property. 'Taxes, |
too, as a general rule, ought to bear more
lightly on the necessary articles for livirigthan
on the luxuries of life. What I do contend for
is that taxation in every form should be so ad-
justed as to demand from each citizen, as
nearly as practicable, an equality of sacrifice
in submitting to its burdens and inconven-
iences:. To accomplish this is often a delicate
and sometimes perhaps an impossible task,
but as a rule of taxation I know of nothing
better or of anything more reasonable.
The idea that some sort of equality ought
to be observed in levying taxes seems to have
been in the minds of the eminent men who
fiamed our Constitution. The provision in
regard to taxation, which I have quoted, has
annexed to it the very important limitation
or restriction, "but all duties, imposts, and
excises shall be uniform throughout the United
States." This obligation of uniformity of bur-
dens suggests at once impartiality in imposing
them, and in this connection equality of sacri-
fice is the highest type of impartiality.
And now, Mr. Speaker, let us for a few
moments consider the present exigencies of
the Government with regard to its revenues.
Never did any successful or legitimate Govern-
ment have greater cause for anxiety on that
subject than we have at the present time. Our
public debt on the 1st January, 1869, is com-
puted at $2,510,707,'201 25, being an increase
of our indebtedness of $32,581,551 15 during
the last year. In addition to this we have a
very considerable floating and unadjusted debt
impending over us, the extent of which we
cannot now well compute, but a portion of
which will in some form or other, 1 have no
doubt, be eventually recognized by the Gov-
ernment. Mr. Delano, then chairman of the
Committee of Claims during the last Congress,
estimated this floating debt at many hundred
millions of dollars. It is then, sir, absolutely
staggering and bewildering when we are brought
to realize the weight and magnitude of this
immense debt. In my judgment there is no
other public question which really does afford,
or at least ought, to afford, so much cause of
solicitude. It is true, sir, that many of the
States of the Union are devastated and par-
alyzed and are sadly in need of reinvigoratcd
governments and of wholesome laws. It is
true, sir, also, that the iron heel of military
power rests on the necks of the people of
some of the States, displacing practically all
civil government and defying, as it seems to
me, the plainest principles of constitutional
liberty. It is equally true, sir, that we have
not now that Union of the States in harmony
with the Constitution which was bequeathed
to us by the heroic men who constructed our
Government. But the indomitable energy of
our people, assisted by wise legislation and
the healing influences of time can, and I trust
will, at no distant day remove these obstacles
and repair these wrongs. Our public debt,
however, cannot be so easily disposed of. Like
an incubus upon the breast, like a mountain
in the pathway, like a pall over the canopy
of the heavens, it will remain to depress, to
obstruct, and to darken our progress for many
long and weary years. The amount of money
involved in it is not the only object of soli-
^J'aniiary 27,
citude to me. To meet it as those who con-
tracted it say it must he met we have greatly
to advance upon our original and simple form
of administering our Government, immense
annual sums of money must be assessed and
collected. A corps of revenue officers, equal
in number to a respectable army in time of
peace, must be constantly employed and sup-
ported by the Government. Spies and infoi tri-
ers will swarm over the land like the locusts
of Egypt, assisting to eat out the substance of
the people. To collect the amount, of taxes
absolutely demanded harsh and unusual laws
must be enacted. To evade high taxes and these
harsh laws for their collection has become, and
I fear will continue to be, the daily vocation of
men in whose integrity society has been accus-
tomed to confide. To make these evasions safe
and profitable at least an occasional public offi-
cer must be corrupted and his connivance and
assistance secured. Evaders of heavy and
burdensome taxes can afford often to pay high
premiums for such connivance jind assistance.
Through this ordeal of temptation all will not
go unscathed. I would like to believe other-
wise, but it is useless to attempt to deceive
oui selves in so grave a matter as this. On this
subject we have had already some mortifying
experiences. When the officer and citizen
thus conspire to defraud the Government the
work for the time at least goes merrily on.
To repress these evasions new and more strin-
gent. laws will from time to time be enacted,
and in the conflict ihe rights of the honest citi-
zen is lost sight of and his highest interests
very often disregarded. Our form of govern-
ment is illy adapted, I fear, to Ihe exercise of
so much concentrated and arbitrary power as
is necessary for the enforcement of such a
system as i have attempted to describe. To
make it efficient new ideas have to be incul-
cated in the minds of our people, and wiih
these new ideas may come a change in the
nature of the Government itself. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury in his late report to Con-
gress has well said that—
"The ability of the United States to maintain their
integrity against insurrection as well as ngainst a
foreign enemy can no longer be doubted, Tue ques-
tion of their ability, under democratic institu'ions,
to sustain a largo national debt is still to be decided."
I have faith to believe that we will triumph in
this new ordeal to which the Secretary allud iJs ;
but, sir, it is not the part of wisdom to re<t, too
securely in such a crisis. 1 conf-ss 1 cannot,
contemplate the situation without some appre-
hensions and many anxieties.
If, then, our public debt is jurtly a cause of'
so much solicitude what,ought to be onrpoliey
in regard to it? I answer unhesitatingly, Mr.
Speaker, let us reduce it and get rid of it as
speedily as possible. This we did wiih the
debt of the revolutionary war. and all of it
recognized by the Government, has long since
been paid.
Our policy has never been to fund our in-
debtedness and to make it perpetual. This hns
been a favorite policy with other nations, but
not with us. It is not in accordance with the
genius of our people. A perpetual public
debt is butanindefinitemortgafjeonthe wealth,
muscle, and productive energies of the nation
that owes it, and that savors too much of ser-
vitude to meet with much favor in the Ameri
can mind. To meet our present indebtedness,
then, we need large revenues and an overflow-
ing Treasury. In any system of taxation,
therefore, to which we may resort revenue
ought to be the first and paramount consider-
ation. How often have we been reminded
within the last few years that everything must,
yield to the exigencies of the Government'.'
That obligation never rested more heavily upon
us than it now does in regard to our financial
affairs. The special interests of classes and
individuals merely ought to yield at, once and
unconditionally to the general good of Ihe
whole. May we not without severity be per-
mitted to doubt the patriotism, if not the
loyalty, of apy man who, in the present
emergency, insists on special protection and
