THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
tion of the Representatives from the respective
districts in Congress, In one or two of the
southern States they will have no Represent-
atives until after the 1st of July, their election
not taking place this year until after that. time.
This bill provides, to remedy that evil, that the
nominations shall be made before the 4th of
March by. the present Representatives.. It is
unanimously recommended by the Committee
on "Naval Affairs.
Mr. WARNER. I hope that motion will
prevail.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Theques-
tion now. is, is there any objection to the pres-
ent consideration of the bill ?
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Navy to make the appointment of midshipmen
to the United States Naval Academy, on or
before the 4th day of March next, from any
State in which the election of members of the
House of Representatives to the Forty-First
Congress does not by law take place previous
to the 1st of July, 1860, upon the nomination
of the members of the House of Represeuta
tives from such States in the present Congress ;
but no such appointment is to be made from
any State not by law entitled to the appoint-
ment of midshipmen in the year 1869.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the title of the bill. I do
not know but that it is as good a title as any,
but it strikes me as being somewhat peculiar.
I ask that it be read
The Chief Cllhk. The title now reads, "An
act in relation to the appointment of midship-
men from the lately reconstructed States."
Mr. I'O.UEUOY. What States i ire ''recon-
structed'!"' It. may be a proper title, but it is
something new.
Mr. CONNESS. The title is all right.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
nothing before the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the title, i
Die PRESIDENT pro tempore. What is
tlie amendment?
Mr. POMEROr. It in to insert " certain
States ' instead of "the lately reconstructed
States."
Mr. FllELTNGIIUYSEN. The bill has
already passed the House of Representatives,
and it, is certainly very immaterial what the
title of the statute is. The title is not part of
the statute.
Mr. POMEROY. When we legislate for
particular States we speak ofcertain States,"
not " reconstructed States."
Mr. I RELINGIIUYSEN\ An amendment
sends the bill back to the IIousc of Represeuta
tives, and probably defeats it.
,.¥!"■ POAIEItOY. We have got no Slates
divided by the question of reconstructed or
unreconstructed; but if this is a House bill
1 will withdraw the amendment.
lhe PItESi DENT j -o tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
bills introduced.
_ Mr. MORTON. Yesterdav, at the expira-
tion of the morning hour, a question of order
was left undetermined, and for the purpose of
having that question settled by the Senate I
move to take up House bill No. Go.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the Senator will
let us finish the morning business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
call up a matter that will not occupy a moment.
Air. CONKLKXGr. I must object until we
have an opportunity to finish the morniu"
business. 0
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the motion cannot be entertained
under the rule until the morning business is
disposed of. The introduction of bills is now
in order.
Mr. CONETLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No 84<j) for the relief of Charlotte Crane ;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
847) to furnish supplies for the Indian Bureau ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 848)
for the construction of lines of telegraph be-
tween Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Balti-
more, and Washington, under the direction of
the Post Office Department; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. VICKER.S asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 849) to incorporate the National Railway
Trust and Loan Company; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Railroads in the States, and ordered to be
printed.
PROPOSED AMENDMENTS.
Mr. CRAGIN. By direction of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs I give notice that I shall
offer an amendmentto the bill (H. R. No. 1599)
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending June 30, 1870, which I send to
the Chair.
I ask also to offer an amendmentto the joint
resolution (S._R. No. 202) more effectually to
insure the faithful completion of the Union
Pacific railroad and its branches according to
law.; and I ask that it may be printed, so that
it will be in order whenever it shall come up.
Th.e PRE IDENTjtwo tempore. The order
to print will be made.
Mr. MORTON submitted an amendment
inteiided to be proposed by him to the bill (S.
No. 793) in relation to the publicdebt. and the
currency ; which was received and ordered to
be printed.
central branch pacific railroad.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to make a motion—
I make it now—to reconsider the vote by which
the Kansas or Central Branch railroad bill was
yesterday rejected. My objcct in moving the
reconsideration is that the bill may lie upon the
table until an amendment is prepared in the way
of a substitute for it which promises to bo more
acceptable to the Senate and beneficial to the
country. I now make the motion to recon-
sider.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion will be entered.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for a vote 011 it.
That is in order, I believe.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope that will not be
done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business is not yet through with.
Mr. CONNESS. There is no unfinished
business of the morning hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
should have said that the business of the morn-
ing hour is not yet through. Nothing else is in
order, except by unanimous consent, until the
business of the morning hour is through with.
Mr. CONNESS. What else is before the
Senate ?
Mr. POMEROY. The Chair must be aware
that a motion to reconsider is a privileged
motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to give notice
that I shall to-morrow, at one o'clock, try to
bring up the river and harbor bill.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, this is not
in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. And I shall press it to
a vote.
Mr. CONNESS. This is not morning busi-
ness.
Mr. MORTON. Is anything before the Sen-
ate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
motion to reconsider the vote'by which the bill
called the Central Branch railroad bill was
rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that motion will be
entered and not pressed to a vote this morning.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well, sir; if that is
the wish of Senators I have no objection to that
course being taken.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. The motion
will be entered.
COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If it is now
in order I ask for p. moment's attention of the
Senate to consider the resolution reported by
the'Committee on Agriculture, for the estab-
lishment of a standing Committee on Educa-
tion. I presume there is no objection to the
passage of it, and I ask for action 011 it at this
time.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the followi g resolution:
Resolved, That a committee consisting of five mem-
bers, to be styled a Committee on Education, be
added to the standing committees of the Senate.
The resolution was agreed to; and Messrs.
Morrill of Vermont, Fkelingbuysen, Har-
lan, Drake, and Welch were appointed the
committee.
R. M HOLLISTEIt.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
Mr. HOWE. I appeal to the Senator from
Indiana on this ground : a short time ago I
reported a small bill for the payment of a pri-
vate claim from the Committee on Claims. I
asked unanimous consent to have it consid-
ered at that time. That privilege was accorded
to two other reports, but it was not accorded
to the one that 1 made. Now, I think it will
not occupy as long a time as I have been on
the floor to consider and dispose of that bill.
I hope the Senator will allow me to submit a
motion to take it-up.
Mr. MORTON. If it will not lead to debate
I have no objection.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly not. If it does I
shall give way to the Senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Indiana yield the floor for the
purpose of this motion ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. I move to take up House bill
No. 833.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 830) for the relief ofRufus M. Hollis-
ter, of Janesville, Wisconsin, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to paj
to Rufus M. Hollister, of Janesville, Wiscon
sin, the sum of $500, to reimburse him for that
sum, in seven-thirty bondsof the United States,
lost and destroyed by fire on the 10th of Juue,
18G6.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amount involved in
that bill, $500, is too small to make a contest
over; but the principle involved in it extends
to hundreds of millions of dollars. It is whether
or not the Government of the United States
shall pay for bonds or notes destroyed by fire
orbyaccident. .Wehavehad some cases brought
to the attention of the Committee 011 Finance,
to which, I believe, all such cases have hith-
erto been referred, where the proof appeared
to be pretty plain that the bonds were destroyed,
and yet where the bonds actually turned out
afterward to be in existence. It presents the
very grave and very difficult question whether
the United States ought to become the insurer
of its bonds payable to bearer.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator alludes to
coupon bonds.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are seven-thirty
coupon bonds. In this case the prima facie
evidence furnished to the Committee on Claims
no doubt satisfied thejji that these seven-thirty
bonds were destroyed. But if Congress under-
takes to pay for all the bonds and notes the
destruction of which is proved it will be a very
difficult operation. You cannot distinguish
between this ease and the cases of notes of the
United Statea lost or destroyed. It seems to
