1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Q§Q
me it is entering upon a very dangerous prece-
dent.
Mr. HOWE. Let me say to the Senator from
Ohio that among the papers in this case are the
remains of the bonds identified by the Treasurer
oft lie United States himself. He saysthat these
are the reniains of the seven-thirty bonds speci-
fied in the application.
Mr SHERMAN. Is there no possible ques-
tion about their identity?
Mr. HOWE. He says there is none. Besides
that, I want to say to the Senator that we have
paid quite a number of these claims already.
Mr SHERMAN. If there is no possible
chance of doubt it may be safe to pay them ;
but generally it is a-dangerous thing. If these
particular bonds have been identified by the
Treasurer I shall make no objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
WILLIAM M'GARRAHAff.
Mr. MORTON. Now, Mr. President, for
the purpose of having a settlement of the ques-
tion of order which has occupied the attention
of the Senate on several occasions, I move to
take up House bill No. 65, for the relief of Wil-
liam McGarrahan, and I hope the question will
be disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Ser7
ator from Indiana moves to take up the bill
mentioned by him, for the purpose of reference ;
and the question is whether it is in order now
to take up this bill, it having been postponed
indefinitely at the last session. That is the
question for the Senate to decide.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I think it
due to myself and to all parties concerned, in
view of the speech made yesterday by the Sen-
ator from Indiana, [Mr. HfcXDRlCKS,] that I
should say a word or two more upon this sub-
ject. When this bill was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims that commit-
tee proceeded to consider it, and counsel were
heard on each side as long as they desired to
be heard, and after three or four weeks of
careful and patient investigation the report
which has been filed was made by the unani-
mous vote of that committee. When the re-
port was made Mr. McGarrahan commenced
importuning me to have the case recommitted
or sent to some other committee, and J abso-
lutely refused to consent to any such arrange-
ment ; but finally, to rid myself of importunity,
1 told him that 1 would not call up the bill, but
at the same time distinctly notified him that
other Senators could doit; and I knew and he
knew that the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stew-
art] was decidedly opposed to the bill. He so
announced on the floorof the Senate when the
bill catne over from the House of Representa-
tives. I stated to the Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Howard] what I had said to Mr. McGar-
rahan. True, Mr. McGarrahan said that he
wanted to obtain further testimony to show
that he had possession of this property, but I
supposed that that was a mere pretext for the
purpose of delay, for the very ground on which
this claim was rejected by the board of land
commissioners in 1858 was that McGarrahan
or his grantor was never in the possession of
the property, and the wantof equitywas affirmed
by the Supreme Court on this ground; and after
this case had been litigated for fifteen years,
and all through it had not been pretended that
McGarrahan ever occupied this land or ex-
pended a dollar upon it, after this report was
made he alleged then that he wanted to prove
his possession. I supposed there was nothing
in it; but I expected that he would go to the
Senator from Nevada and to others who were
interested in this claim. I flared nothing about
it. 1 made the report and supposed my duties
in reference to the matter were ended. I did
not propose to say or do anything more about
the case, but let other Senators who felt more
interest in the matter than I did take charge
of it. 1 eared not what the Senate did with the
report; but I supposed McGarrahan would go
to these other gentlemen and agree with them
as he did with me. I have no control over
other Senators; and when this inatfer was
called up it did not attract my attention, and
if it had 1 should have interposed no objection,
because I had no control of other Senators
and did not propose to take any further part
in reference to the bill.
So much upon that point. Now I ask the
attention of this Senate and of every Senator
to what I am about to show in reference to the
proceedings of this man McGarrahan as to this
question of order. McGarrahan has filed a
written brief upon this question, which has
been laid upon the table of every member of
the Senate, in which he undertakes to cite
authorities to show that'an indefinite postpone-
ment of a bill only puts off its consideration
to the succeeding session ; and one authority
which he cites 1 will read from his brief:
"The motion to postpone indefinitely is of Amer-
ican origin, and peculiar to legislative assemblies in
this country, in which it is used. In the House of
Representatives it is provided by a rule, tha t when a
ques 'on is postponed indefinitely it shall not be
acted on again at the same session."—Cashing, 1386.
Now, sir,.'I will read paragraph 1386 from
CushingVwork:
" The/raotion to postpone indefinitely is of Amer-
ican ojngm.aiid peculiar to the legislative assemblies
of this country, in which it is used as an adverse
moKon to reject or suppress, and with the same
feet.'"
Now, sir, this innocent and injured McGar-
rahan has filed here a brief in which he has
mutilated the authority which he proposes to
cite, and made it mean exactly opposite to
what it does mean in the book. He has taken
that paragraph down to the word "used
"The motion to postpone indefinitelyis of American
origin, and peculiar to the legislative assemblies of
this couutry in which it is used."
There the quotation ends, when the operative
words of the paragraph are " as an adverse
motion to rejector suppress, and with the same
©ff 6C t ''
Mr. EDMUNDS. Doeshemeanby " reject"
and "suppress" the same thing, or does he
express different ideas by these two words?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not now proposing to
interpret that language : I will submit it to the
honorable Senator from Vermont; but I am
proposing to show that this man, McGarrahan,
in the broad light of day has attempted by a
falsification of an authority to mislead this
Senate into making a false decision in his favor.
Sir, this is a specimen brick of this man
McGarrahan. I think that the Senate will now
see that this manisuotsoinnocentand so much
entitled to the sympathy and consideration of
the Senate as he claims to be, when he has
made this attempt to impose upon the Senate
by citing an authority to show that an indefinite
postponement only continues the ease from one
session to another, when the parliamentary
law is, as it is clearly and explicitly laid down
in the authority, that an indefinite postpone-
ment is equivalent to its rejection or suppres-
sion.
NovV, sir, I shall say no more upon this sub-
ject I want the Senate, however, to under-
stand that in sustaining this motion they pro-
ceed to consider a bill which is at this time
filed away in the pigeon-holes of the House of
Representatives among the rejected bills of
Congress. 1 want the Senate to understand
that they are trampling under foot the parlia-
mentary practice of this body for more than
thirty years without an exception. I want the
Senate to understand that they are trampling
under foot the parliamentary law as it is pro-
nounced by the best authorities in the country.
I want them to understand that they are in-
dorsing by this vote the action of a man who
has attempted to cheat the Senate by misquot-
ing an authority for the purpose ot inducing
this body to sanction his claim.
Mr.. HOWARD. Mr. President, as I was a
member- of the Committee on Private Laud
Claims at the time this bill was before the Sen-
ate, I ought perhaps to say a word in reference
to it.
Mr. CONNESS. Not on its merits; we were
suppressed yesterday.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the point, of order
will be settled without going into the merits of
the bill. It is simply a question of order ; and
if our rules are good for anything they cer-
tainly prohibit a discussion of the merits of a
question oil a point of order. We shall never
bring this question to a close unless we con-
fine the discussion to the point of order.
Mr. HOWARD. How does the honorable
Senator know that I am not about to discuss
the point of order?
Mr. POMEROY. I understood the Sen-
ator to say that he had some remarks to make
about this case. That was the only reason I
interposed.
Mr. HOWARD. About the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to say very briefly
that it is true, as the honorable eharimau of
the committee has remarked, that the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims heard this claim
with great patience, and at some six or seven
sessions of the committee, at which the claim-
ant was assisted by very able counsel, and at
which there was counsel and argument on both
sides of the question. After a very patient
consideration of the case, looking at all the
proofs that'were introduced, the committee
came to the conclusion which is announced in
the report presented to the Senate by the
honorable Senator from Oregon. I had no
doubt, as a member of the committee, of the
correctness of the conclusion to which the com-
mittee arrived. After the report was made,
however, Mr. McGarrahan, in whom 1 have
never discovered any intentional fault or vice,
came to me and had a conversation with me.
I observed to him that in all the papers which
he had produced before the committee there
was none that related to the prior possession
of the claim, and I asked him whether there
was in fact any proof of prior possession on
his own part or ou the part ot those who pre-
ceded him in the title. He answered very
earnestly that there was such proof in exist-
ence and that such was the fact. I then sug-
gested to him the propriety of returning to
California for the purpose of procuring such
proofs of anterior possession in good faith, and
that he should take such evidence and give
notice to the New Idria Mining Company of
the time and place at which the evidence was
to be taken by him, so that there should be no
surprise to the opposite party, the New Idria
Mining Company. I thought that was per-
fectly fair. lie said he would do so, and he
left the city, as I was informed, for that pur-
pose. That was the foundation of the letter
which I addressed to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, upon which it seems he
stopped proceedings for the present.
I then suggested to the honorable Senator
from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] who took an
interest in the question, that he had better let
the report lie over during the last session and
give Mr. McGarrahan an opportunity to pro-
duce this supplemental evidence which he said
was within his power. The Senator from Ne-
vada did not agree to do so, but said that he
would call up the report as soon as he could
and ask action on it by the Senate. I told him
that I thought justice required that McGarra-
han should have a farther opportunity to pro-
duce additional proof, as the question of pos-
session was in my mind one of great import-
ance, and upon that question there was no
evidence whatever. I think so still, sir. I
think it becomes the Senate, where a party
seems to be acting in good faith, to allow htm
an opportunity to present his whole ease before
them.
That is all I desire to say upon that subject;
but I beg further to remark that it does seem
to me a little hard toward this claimant and
toward other claimants who may have merit-
orious claims that we should apply this tech-
nical rule with the stringency which is insisted
upon now by those who oppose thetaking up
of the bill. It is but a mere technicality if it
be parliamentary law, and certainly in this
