666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
case, as it seems to me, is likely to operate
with great hardship oh a claimant, who, not-
withstanding the denunciations against him,
may turn out to be an honest and meritorious
claimant. I do not wish, sir, to hang up the
claim upon such a small technicality.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the author-
ity introduced by the Senator from Oregon
this morning does not change in any respect
the aspect of this case.
"The motion to postpone indefinitely is of Ameri-
can origin, and peculiar to the legislative assemblies
of this country, in which it is used as an adverse
motion to reject or suppress, and with the same
effect."
Does anybody doubt that it has had the same
effect? While the two sessions of the Congress
were not connected together any motion that
had the effect to put a question over beyond
the session had the effect to destroy it; and
that is precisely the way it was attempted to
be used in this case ; and if the two sessions
were not connected together by the operation
of the twenty-first joint rule it would be suc-
cessful undoubtedly. While the sessions are
totally disconnected, and all the business that
is not finished at the end of one session is
destroyed by the termination of the session,
an indefinite postponement does have the
effect to destroy the business, because there is
thus no day beyond that session; that is all
there is of it. One authority, which I have
not now in my hand, in speaking of an indefi-
nite postponement, says it has the effect to
postpone the business to a day beyond the
session at that time. There is a day beyond
that session now. The two sessions are con-
nected together by the operation ot the twenty-
first joint rule, and this is clearly unfinished
business within the meaning of that rule.
Now, what does the authority to which the
Senator refers amount to ? Simply that while
the sessions were not connected together a
motion to postpone indefinitely was used for
the same purpose as a motion to reject. Un-
doubtedly it was, and that was the very use
made of it in this ease. The question is whether
it shall prevail; whether a mere technicality
that is really, in point of fact, no technicality
at all, shall prevent the reexamination of this
man's case. Now, sir, I give no opinion about
this ease at all; 1 have not done so ; but it is
my judgment that it ought to be reexamined.
1 only know enough about it to make me think
that it ought to be reexamined ; and there is
too much property at stake here to allow that
reexamination to be prevented by a barren
technicality, if it be one at all, which I insist
it is not.
Mr. STEWART. How much property is it?
Mr. MORTON. I understand there is a
good deal.
Mr. STEWAKT. How much?
Mr. MORTON. I understand there is prop-
erty enough at stake to make the opposite
party fight most desperately to prevent a reex-
amination of this case, is not that so?
Mr. STEWART. If there was but one dol-
lar to be taken in this form it would make me
stand up for it: but I will inform the Senator
that this property is not as valuable as has
been stated. It has been stated at four, five,
or six millions. The parties who own the
property and paid for it would be glad to g t
rid of it at what it actually cost them in round
dollars. They have invested about five hun-
dred thousand dollars, and they would sell it
for that amount. It is estimated here at mil-
lions.
Mr. MORTON. That is all out of the rec-
ord and foreign to the question of order. We
are now asking simply that this question shall
be brought up again for reexamination. If the
title is with the New Idria Mining Company,
now said to be taking $50,000 a month of
quicksilver out of this Territory, perhaps they
can show it on a reexamination. If it is not,
then the parties who own the title ought to
have it. But, sir, although it may not be
worth $0,000,000, it is worth enough to justify
the Senate ill authorizing justice to be done.
It is worth too much to have a mere technic-
ality not as wide as a hair's breadth to stand
in the way of a reexamination of the question.
Sir, there has been some display of feeling
here. I have none. I have expressed no feel-
ing, and I do not know how I shall vota> on
the main question. I was requested to bring
this question up here in the way I have done.
I have done it simply as my duty as a Senator.
I have been somewhat surprised at the feeling
that has been exhibited. I know of no reason
for it. For my part I do not participate in it.
I care nothing about that. I am simply acting
in my capacity as a Senator in bringing this
matter up in order to have it referred to a
committee for the purpose of having a reex-
amination of this man's title. If he has not
a good title he ought not to have the land, and
if he has he ought to have it. I am aware
that one committee, an able committee in the
Senate, has made an adverse report. I am
also aware that a very able committee in the
House of Representatives has made an affirm-
ative report, one of great ability. But I say
nothing upon the merits of the case. All I ask
is that this man shall have a chance to re-pre-
sent the title.
One word in regard to what the Senator
from Michigan said. Mr. McG-arrahan did go
to California upon the understanding that this
case was not to be taken up, and he has ob-
tained the evidence. V
Mr. CONNESS. I rise to a point of order.
My point of order is that a discussion of the
merits of this question is not in order now.
The honorable Senator objected to such dis-
cussion by me yesterday.
Mr. MORTON. It does not come with a
very good grace from my friend. I think he
went into the merits yesterday. I know the
Senator from Nevada did.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A question
of order is made, and the Senator must wait
until it is decided.
Several Senators. The morning hour has
expired.
Mr. MORTON. I make this point, that
this is a privileged question to be decided by
the Senate 
Mr. CONNESS. I object to the honorable
Senator proceeding.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California makes a new question of
order, that a discussion of the merits is not in
order at this time. The Chair would observe
upon that point that it is very difficult to arrest
debate on the merits of a question. Senators
have been permitted to make use of such argu-
ments generally as to them appear proper and
pertinent to the issue, although we aro ad-
monished in our rules that on a motion to take
up a measure its merits are not in controversy.
In this case a paper has been introduced from
some quarter that seemed to allude somewhat
to the merits of the case, and on that debate
on each side has been had, and it appears to
the Chair that he cannot arrest the debate on
that subject now; it has gone too far. But
the Chair was about to announce, what it is his
duty to announce, that the morning hour hav-
ing expired the special order of the day, fixed
for one o'clock, is now before the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. When I was interrupted by
the honorable Senator from California I wished
to make a question of order which, I suppose,
I have a right to make, although I may be
wrong in it. I have been advised by Senators
who are much better versed in the rules and in
questions of order than lam that this question
of order is a privileged question and is not term-
inated by the morning hour. I am not pre-
pared myself to discuss that question, for I do
not claim sufficient information in regard to the
rules to do so; but I am advised that it is a
privileged question, and if so, I should be glad
to have it determined this morning. It will
continue to occupy the morning hour until it
is settled. Senators may be satisfied of that
fact that the solution of this question cannot
be prevented by the consumption of the morning
hour from day to day.
Mr. STEWART. And Senators may be
satisfied of another fact, that my conduct hav-
ing been brought before the Senate, by the
introduction of letters, &c., outside of the
question of order and commented upon, I shall,
as long as the Senate will permit me, reply to
that course of argument, and I shall have
further remarks to make on this case.
Mr. MORTON. I think that it will be a
saving of time to the Senate if this question is
settled now, and 1 submit the point of order as
to whether it is a privileged question or not.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the special
order of the day be postponed informally for
the purpose of having this matter settled and
having it out of our way. It stands in the way
of all morning business. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can
only be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. FERRY. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, that cannot be done. The Senator
from Indiana makes a question of order over
again that when a question of order is raised
no other business can be done until that ques-
tion is disposed of, as the Chair understands.
That point was raised the other day, and it
was the opinion of the Chair that such a ques-
tion had no preference over the order of the
day which intervenes. The Chair was not cer-
tain about the rule. He has tried to consult
^some books on the subject, but they give him
no light upon it, and he will be compelled to
stand by the decision then made unless it can
be shown that there is some rule of parlia-
mentary law conflicting with it which he has
not been able to find.
Mr. STEWART. I understand that the
special order is now before the Senate.
TAKING or THE CENSUS.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator to
yield to me for one moment to enable me to
send a resolution to the Chair, on which I shall
not ask action, but desire to have read and lie
on the table. I shall call it up to-morrow:
Resolved, That a select committee of five members
be appointed by the Ohair to inquire and report to
the Senate whether any, and if so what, legislation
is necessary touching the taking of the ninth census,
as provided by the Constitution.
The resolution was ordered to lie on the
table.
WILLIAM M'GARRAHAN.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the. reading of
the jointresolution regularly before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order of the day is the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 8) proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Mr. MORTON. I think it will be economy
of the time of the Senate to dispose of this
question, and nothaveitup morning after morn-
ing, and therefore I move to suspend the order
of the day for forty minutes for the purpose
of having this question settled.
Mr. CONKLING. You had better make it
an hour.
Mr. MORTON. Well, I will say an hour,
if it shall last so long.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will not be
done. It is important to have action soon on
this constitutional amendment, if ever, and I
shall call <V' .e yeas and nays on any motion
to postpone'it.
Mr. MORTON. It is simply for the purpose
of having this question of order settled, and
then I shall be willing to go on with the con-
stitutional amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. Is the motion of the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion that it is. He has the floor, and
moves to postpone the special order for the
purpose of continuing the debate on the ques-
tion of order.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I wish to say a word
upon it. I wish to say to the Senate and to
the Senator from Indiana that when the ques-
tion which has been before the Senate shall
come up upon its merits I want to occupy its
attention a little while growing out of the char-
