668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
Representatives, by Mr. McPhisrsok, its Clerk,
returning to the Senate the papers in the case
ot William McGarrahan.
ENROLLED BILL, SIGNED.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. AiePHERSOK,' its Clerk, an-
nounced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the enrolled bill (H. R. No. 1158) for
the relief of Commander John L. Davis; and
it was thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore.
' SUFFRAGE CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
/ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
of the day is now before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator from Ne-
vada allow me to put on its passage a bill that
will save a few hundred thousand dollars, and
which it is very important should be acted
upon at once?
Mr. STEWART. I am afraid of this reso-
lution losing its place altogether, and I cannot
yield to anything. There are so many Sen-
ators pressing me that I must now insist on the
consideration of the constitutional amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
of the day, the joint resolution (S. R. No. 8)
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, is now before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole, and the pend-
ing question is on the amendment reported by
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I do no
propose to occupy the time of the Senate in
discussing this great question at any length.
It is the culmination of a contest which has
lasted for thirty years. It is the logical result
of the rebellion, of the abolition of slavery,
and of the conflicts in this country during and
before the war. Every person in the country
has discussed it; it has been discussed in every
local paper, by every Joeal speaker; it has been
discussed at the firesides ; and now we are to
place the grand result, I hope, in the Constitu-
tion of the United States. And let me remind
my fellow-Senators that it is well that this work
be now done, for we have realized the force of
the very pointed sentence which was read here
from the Swiss address, that "undetermined
questions have no pity for the repose of man-
kind." This question can never rest until it is
Cually disposed of. This amendment is a
declaration to make all men, without regard to
race or color, equal before the law. The argu-
ments in favor of it are so numerous, so con-
vincing, that they carry conviction to every
mind. The proposition itself has been recog-
nized by the good men of this nation ; and it
is important, as the new administration enters
upon the charge of the affairs of this country,
that it should start on this high and noble prin-
ciple that all men are free and equal, that they
are really equal before the law. \Ve cannot
stop short of this.
J t must be done. It is the only measure that
will really abolish slavery. It is the onlyguar-
aatee against peon lawsand againstoppression.
It is that guarantee which was put in the Con-
stitution of the United States originally, the
guarantee that each man shall have a right to
protect his own liberty. It repudiates that
arrogant, self-righteous assumption, that one
man can be charged with the liberties and des-
tinies of another. You may put this in the
form of legislative enactment; you may em-
power Congress to legislate; you may em-
power the States to legislate, and they will
agitatethe question. Letitbe madetheimmu-
table law of the land; let it be fixed; and then
we shall have peace. Until then there is no
peace. I cannot add to the many eloquent
speeches that have been made on this great
question in this House. I will not attempt it.
i want a vote. I will not occupy time. The
proposition itself is more eloquent than man
can be. It is a declaration too high, too grand,
too noble, too just, to be ornamented by ora-
tory. 1 hope we shall soon have a vote upon
the question,
Mr. BUUKALIiW. Mr. President, I pro-
pose to offer an amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
an amendment pending.
Mr._BUCKALEW. I am informed that
there is an amendment of the committee pend-
ing. 1 will await the disposition of that. I
suggest that the vote be taken on that at once.
I believe there is no controversy about it; it
is a matter of detail; and then I will offer my
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment reported by tlie Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to strike out—
No State shall deny or abridge the risrht of its
citizens to vote and hold office on account of race
color, or previous condition.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
The right of citizens of the United States to vote,
and hold office shall not be denied or abridged by
the United States or any State on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude.
The amendment was agreed to. .
Mr. BUCKALEW. Now, Mr. President, I
propose the following, as an article of amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
to be added to this resolution. ■
The second clause, first section, article tvW
of the Constitution shall be amended to read
as follows:
fach State sHli appoint, by a vole of the people
lyereof qualified tnvotefor Ue[yre>',e,iU.<Oiv^H in Congress,
Ift number of electors equal to the whole number of
Senators and Representatives to which the State may
be entitled in the Congress-; but no Senator or Rep-
resentative, or person holding an office of trust and
profit under theOnited States, shall be appointed an
elector; and the Congress shallhave 7>ower to prescribe
the manner lit which such electors shall be chosen by the
people.
Mr. President, the provision of the second
article which it is proposed to amend reads at
present as follows:
" Each State shall appoint, in puch manner as the
Legislature thereof may direct, a number of electors
equal to the whole number of Senators and Repre-
sentatives to which the State inay be entitled in the
Congress: but no Senator or Representative, or per-
son holding an office of trust or profit under the Uni-
ted States, sball be appointed an elector."
The changes proposed in that provision of
the second article are two: in the first place,
that electors of President and Vice President
shall be chosen by the people of the several
States instead of being chosen as the Legisla-
tures of the States may direct. That will
always secure the direct voice of the people.
Instead of the electors being chosen by the
Legislatures themselves, or being chosen in
some other way which they may prescribe, a
voice by the people will be secured at all times
and under all circumstances. 1 suppose this is
an improvement in our system which will re-
ceiveunanimousapproval. Idoubt,sir, whether
there is any sentiment or opinion in the coun
try in favor of reposing the power at present
confided in the Legislatures to them in future
time. *
I pass, then, to the second proposition in this
amendment, which is that Congress may pre-
scribe the manner in which the electors shall
be chosen by the people of the several States.
At present this power is reposed in the Legis-
latures of the States. By another provision of
the same article it is provided that Congress
may determine the time of choosing electors,
and the day on which they shall give their
votes, which day shall be the same throughout
the United States. The power, then, as to fix-
ing the time of the presidental election resides
in Congress by virture of the Constitution as it
no-w stands. The amendment in addition to
that will give to Congress the power of pre-
scribing the manner in which the people shall
choose electors. This amendment,which is a
very desirable one, indeed, can be secured in
no other manner than the one proposed by me;
that is, by an amendment to the Constitution.
It is morally impossible that the Legislatures
should regulate the manner of choosing the
electors so as to secure reform. Now, what is
the fact? Many years ago the Congress of the
United States abolished the general ticket sys-
tem in the States for choosing Representatives
in the lower House of Congress, because it was
seen to be attended with great evils, inconven-
iences, and mischiefs which required the hand
of reform. Fortunately the power existed in
Congress to apply reform, and Congress did
It required that each State electing more than
one member to the House of Representatives
should divide itself into single districts, and that
a Representative should be elected from each.
It was only because that power resided in Con-
gress that that reform was possible at the time
it was secured. Some of the States in fact re-
sisted it. I believe two or three States con-
tinued to elect by general ticket in spite of the
act of Congress, but they were finally com-
pelled to conform themselves to the new and
improved system which was established by
Federal law; and we now have, therefore, in
the election of Representatives in the other
branch of Congress, a single district system es-
tablished and enfored by congressional power.
But Congress had no power to reform file sys-
tem of choosing presidential electors by gen-
eral ticket. The consequence is that we have
that old, imperfect, clumsy, and often unjust
^nlode of selecting presidential electors; and I
'believe that a general opinion exists through-
out the country—among thinking and intelli-
gent men at least—that we should have some
change and reform in that particular.
I repeat, however, that the only mode in
which you can secure that reform, or any other
reform in the manner of choosing presidential
electors, is to arm Congress with'authority to
establish a general system, a new and improvf d
plan applicable to all the States. If you leave
the Constitution unchanged the States will not
introduce any new mode of electoral action.
The political majority, for instance, in the State
of New York, one of'the great States, will not,
by dividing their State into single districts, or
by allowing the voter to cumulate his votes
upon a less number than the whole number of
electors to be chosen, consent to break, divide,
and reduce the political power of his party in
that State so long as other States do not at the
same time adopt the new plan ; and there is
very good reason why they should not. Why,
sir, a politician in the State of New York would
see that he would injure his party, and injure
it seriously, by breaking the power of the State
as an aggregate body in the presidential elec-
tion, while other States adhering to the old sys-
tem and still electing by general ticket, would
take the advafitage of the change thus made by
the State of New York.
This practical difficulty, this impediment,
will always prevent the adoption of any reform
by the States themselves, each acting for itself
and separately from all the others in the man-
ner of choosing electors of President and Vice
President. There is, then, a necessity that this
power shall be placed in the hands of Congress,
and that Congress, by a general and uniform
rule, shall apply this improvement to our sys-
tem of elections throughout the country. Here
it can be introduced, and doubtless it will be
introduced promptly and at once whenever you
have the power conferred upon the two Houses.
This is all I choose to say at present upon the
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States which I have proposed ; but I will add a
few words by way of explanation.
I do not propose that this amendment which
I offer shall embarrass the consideration of the
amendment which is pending before the Senate.
The two propositions, although they both relate
to electionsandto electoral rights, arequite dis-
tinct from each other, aud they deserve sepa-
rate and distinct consideration in Congress and
in the country. If, therefore, the Senate shall
approve this amendment, my idea is that the
formal part of the resolution which provides
for the submission of the amendment to the
different States shall be changed so that the
amendments shall be submitted to be acted
upon separately, so that the fate of one shall
not necessarily be the fate of the other, that
the several Legislatures who come to act upon
the subjects embraced iu this resolution of
amendment can separate them, can adopt the
one and reject the other, if they choose. ■
[ repeat, it is not my intention to embarrass
