670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
subject of suffrage into the hands of Congress.
It is a mere power of regulation of the manner
in which the suffrage may be exercised. The
Senator will remember that the Constitution
now provides that Representatives in the lower
House of Congress shall be chosen by the
electors in each State qualified to vote for
members of the most numerous branch of the
State Legislature. That is the rule already in
Ae Constitution. Then, in the first clause of
this amendment it is provided that the electors
in each State qualified to vote for Representa-
tives in Congress shall choose presidential
electors—leaves it to the same rule which now
obtains in the choice of Representatives. The
same class of voters shall choose presidential
electors that choosc Representatives. There
is nothing new introduced.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is very
true, as stated by the Senator; and yet the
amendment does contain these clear words :
that " Congress shall have power to prescribe
the manner in which such electors shall be
cho«en by the people." Just how far these
words would carry us certainly merits more
deliberation.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I beg the Senator to
look to the (irst, clause of the amendment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The first clause
of the amendment corresponds with the state-
ment made by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
but these other words may in some manner
conflict with his construction. I hope, at all
events, that we shall have time to look at it,
and therefore that it will not now prevail.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, we have an
illustration just now, it seems to me, of the
propriety of giving mature consideration to this
proposition by a committee. Already upon
the floor of the Senate the purport of the prop-
osition seems to be a matter of doubt. Al-
though, like other Senators, I favor the prop-
osition, certainly a matter of such grave import"
as an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, affecting such important inter-
ests, before it is incorporated into the Consti-
tution ought to be the result of mature delib-
eration. Every word of it should be considered
carefully; and the purpose of the Senator from
Pennsylvania ought to be so expressed that
that purpose can hereafter be carried out so
that there may be no doubt about it. I suggest
to the Senator from Pennsylvania whether, in
order to carry into effect beyond all contro-
versy his purpose, it would not be better to
have the matter referred to a committee, so
that, the bearing of each word may be consid-
ered and weighed, and so that the purpose
which he evidently designs, proper in my esti-
mation, may be truly accomplished by the
proposition when it comes up for consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 do not care to crowd
a vote on members if they are not ready for
it now. « If the Senator from Nevada is willing
that this resolution shall be within reach of
amendment to-morrow I shall be content to
withdraw this proposition for the present, so as
to have it considered this eveningand proposed
as an amendment to-morrow.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to hold on to this
resolution and get a vote, if possible, to-day. I
do not want to delay it for any consideration.
It is a simple proposition, and I shall have to
resist all amendments that are not germane
to the proposition, and I must ask the Senate
to dispose of it because there is other pressing
business, and if this is delayed for a day or two
we shall lose it altogether at this session. It is
very important that if passsed at all it should be
passed at an early day. Senators all appreciate
that, importance. For that reason I do not feel
disposed to discuss it; it has been discussed
sufficiently. I hope no new matter will be intro-
duced that will embarrass getting a vote on the
d stinct proposition contained in the resolu-
ti Oil.
Mr. FOWLEIl. Mr. President, I see no
reason why these propositions should not go
together. The objection which has been urged
against the proposition of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, because it does not come from
a committee, I do not. think a valid one. I do
not know of any great or thoroughly clean
proposition that has ever been made which
lias not come from the careful consideration
of a single individual mind. I would rather
take a proposition well weighed by an individ-
ual who has had the subject before him for a
considerable length of time, and has carefully
examined it, than the result of the delibera-
tions of a committee after a certain number
of individuals have compared their views and
brought their ideas together. Indeed, no very
great expression can come from a committee;
it must be the emanation of the conviction of
some individual, personal mind. I would,
therefore, be willing to take this amendment
without referring it to a committee.
In regard to the proposition to amend the
Constitution, I will say that it i3 known that I
am altogether in favor of manhood suffrage,
and have been for years. I do not know, how-
ever, that I prefer to see the Constitution
changed to perfect that purpose. It is a mat-
ter that to some extent ought to be left to the
reflection of the people, and the change ought
to be made by the people of the various States
themselves. I would rather see an indication
on the part of the people of the United States
expressive of their entire confidence in the
freedom of the individual than to see us put
into the Constitution an arbitrary and fixed
rule that cannot be changed and cannot be
reformed without revolution.
Besides that, there is another objection in
my mind to this provision going into the Con-
stitution, and that is this: if it is intended to
be an expression of the fact that the American
people have risen to the point of acknowledg-
ing the freedom of the individual—that the
individual is free—if this is to be an expression
of individual freedom, it does not go far enough.
While I am in favor of all citizens of the Uni-
ted States having the right to vote and hold
office, without respect to race or color. I would
rather go a little further than that. I would not
by any means be willingto debar the women of
the country from giving their suffrage or their
expression in regard to the authority of laws
to control or govern them, as I do not believe
that any responsible person can be controlled'
by the authority of any other one. There is
no reason why you, sir, should be governed by
any other person ; and if there is any argument
why you should vote, that argument will apply
equally well to any intelligent woman in the
country. I cannot see the force of the argu-
ment which would give to natives of China, of
Africa, and of India a right to control the des-
tinies of the women of this country—and recol-
lectlam an advocate of that right—and exclude
from a voice my mother or my sister or my
wife, an American woman, from the exercise
of this inestimable privilege. I intend, when
the proper stage is reached, to move an amend-
ment to this proposition for the benefit of the
women of the country.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I inquire if the amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania is dis-
posed of?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I want the amendment
adopted.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is 011 the amendment proposed- by the
Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I respectfully ask the
Senate to pass upon this amendment which I
have offered at this time. If the subject were
to go over until to-morrow and the measure
could then bo within reach of amendment I
would offer it for consideration at that time,
and in the mean time have it printed ; but it is
so simple that printing it will convey no addi-
tional information to a single member of the
body. It is, in the simplest language, that the
people of the United States shall choose their
presidential electors, and that the power to
meddle with or molest their right shall not be
in the State Legislatures; and it is also that
Congress shall possess the same power in re-
gard to the manner of choosing presidential
electors that they now have in regard to choos-
ing Representatives in Congress, and may pre-
scribe the same rule, or any other uniform and
equal rule, which will secure to the people of
the United States fair representation. That
is all there is in it.
Now, if at the suggestion of the Senator
from New Jersey I stand aside with my amend-
ment, do not offer it upon this proposition,
and bring it up hereafter, there is not time
for its consideration at the present session.
It is this difficulty which induces me to press
upon the Senate the convenience and the pro-
priety of now voting upon this subject; and
if we should discuss it for a week not a single
member of the Senate would be enlightened
in the slightest degree with reference to the
merits of the proposition. It is a subject per-
fectly familiar in Congress and out of Congress
from one end of the country to the other. It
is just one of those things that can be seized
upon, commanded completely by our mind
when first presented. Subsequent debate and
prolonged consideration would produce no
changes of opinion.
I am very glad, but I am not at all surprised,
to hear every gentleman who has spoken upon
this subject express a feeling favorable to tho
proposition. Why is this so? Because there
is no objection to it, and because every one
upon the mere statement of the amendment
sees that it is one which would be adopted as a
matter of course by probably every State Legis-
lature in the country.
Besides, as I said before, it cannot embarrass
the original proposition in the slightest degree
because we propose to make it separately and
distinctly from the other amendment accom-
panying it to this State Legislatures. If it have
any effect, as suggested by the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,] it would be to give
an odor of popularity to the whole resolution.
At all events, even those who would be against
the first proposition could say "Well, Congress
at all events has sent us a proposition to which
we can accede, which is a real measure of
reform—a valuable improvement in our system
of government."
Now, sir, if this were a subject that required
a careful study of language ; if it were an in-
volved proposition contained in several para-
graphs, it might be well enough to pause over
it ; but the amendment follows the exact lan-
guage of the present second clause of the first
section of the second article throughout, from
beginning to end, with the exception of insert-
ing the three or four lines which secure to the
people of the United States the right of suf-
frage in selecting presidential electors, and
give to Congress that necessary and indispens-
able power to the introduction of any improve-
ment in the manner of selecting them which
they now possess in regard to the Representa-
tives in the other House of Congress. The
power is identically the same, and presidential
electors, under the amendment, are hereafter
to be chosen by the same men that choose
Representatives in Congress. I insist, there-
fore, that there is nothing new, nothing novel,
nothing surprising, nothing requiring deliber-
ation or prolonged debate in order to the com-
prehension of this subject. I respectfully ask,
then, that the vote be now taken ; and I will
suggest, in addition, that as we are now in
Committee of the Whole, the adoption of this
amendment does not put it beyond the reach
of the Senate. When the resolution shall be
reported to the Senate and be on its third
reading it will still be within reach of a vote,
and if anybody can suggest any objection to it
then that objection can be made.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, this prop-
osition on the present occasion is an entire
surprise to me, and I doubt not it is to many
other Senators. It proposes a radical change
in the system of choosing the President of the
United States. Is the Senate ready to enter
upon the consideration of that question—how
shall the President of the United States be
