1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
chosen? My friend from Pennsylvania who
presents us this proposition has doubtless
considered carefully the whole subject in all
its bearings. He is doubtless prepared to
express an opinion on a question greater than
that which he has presented—whether the
President of the United States shall be chosen
by the people directly, without the interven-
tion of Electoral Colleges. His proposition
assumes that there shall be Electoral Colleges;
that that early, but I may say now effete, sys-
tem shall continue with a new sanction in the
Constitution.
Sir, if there is to be a change I would prefer
a much more radical change than that now
moved by the Senator from Pennsylvania. I
should prefer that the President of the United
States should be chosen directly by the people
of the United States without the intervention
of any Electoral College. That college has
become a sham. It is nothing but a name. It
has never fulfilled the original idea of the
founders when they constituted it, A practical
question well worthy of debate is whether
what has become nothing but a name shall not
cease to exist. Now, sir, if we are going into
the question of how the President, of the United
States shall be chosen, I prefer to present the
question on a higher plane. I ask the Senate
to consider whether this whole system of Elect-
oral Colleges shall not be made to disappear.
I would much rather do that than prop it up by
supplementary provisions like that now pro-
posed by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I should like to ask the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania whether,' under the last clause of his
amendment, which provides that Congress may
regulate the manner in which the presidential
electors shall be elected, it would not be com-
petent for Congress to pass an act authorizing
minorities to be represented in the Electoral
College?
Mr. BUCKALEW. If the Senator asks me
the question I will answer very promptly: as
a matter of course Congress could do so.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I suppose so;
and therefore we see how important the prop-
osition is, and one which is not certainly to be
passed upon within half an hour. Whether
we are prepared to say that the Congress of
the United Stales shall have at any future time
the power to authorize minorities to be repre-
sented in the Electoral College, is a grave
question which ought to be pondered carefully
before voted upon, and therefore I hope that
this amendment will not be adopted. >
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator from New
Jersey makes a suggestion which is pertinent,
of course. The very object of establishing
single districts was to divide representation in
the States. I alluded to that subject before
Congress did to pass such a law in regard to
the choosing of Representatives in the lower
House of Congress. Now, it is to get away
from the very evil which the Senator from
Massachusetts has depicted as attending upon
Electoral Colleges that I propose to give this
power to Congress. He justly denounces the
Electoral Colleges as a sham. Why, sir, they
are worse than a sham ; they are positively
pernicious. These elections by general ticket,
it is understood throughout the country, are
unjust and unfair. However, I do not propose
to introduce any new plan here in this amend-
ment; I only propose to leave it open to the
judgment of Congress.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the^ Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania, upon which a division
is demanded.
A division being had, it appeared that there
was not a quorum voting.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays. „
Mr. BUCKALEW. To save embarrassment
for the moment, as I suppose the debate will
go on upon the general subject, I withdraw the
amendment.
The PRESID ING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will offer it hereafter.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to offer a sub-
stitute for the proposition reported by the com-
mittee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senater from Oregon is not now
in order, and will not be until the resolution
shall be reported to the Senate, as already the
amendment reported by the committee has
been adopted, and he proposes to strike out
that which has been already adopted. The
amendment of the Senator from Oregon will
be in order when the resolution shall have been
reported to the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There was a misappre-
hension about that, I suppose, on the part of
the Senate, particularly on my part. I did not
know that the adoption of the amendment
reported by the committee would cut off all
other amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remark that that amendment can be
amended by adding to it, but not by striking
out that which has already been adopted.
Mr. STEWART. The question can be tried
in the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by adding:
And this and all* future proposed amendments to
the Constitution, whether proposed by the Congress
or a convention called by Congress on the applica-
tion of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several
States, instead of being submitted to the Legislatures
or to conventions of tlio several States, shall be sub-
mitted to the vote of the people of each State; and
if a majority of the people entitled to vote on the
proposed amendment in three fourths of the several
States shall vote in favor of the proposed amend-
ment it shall, to all intents and purposes, be a part
of the Constitution.
Mr. President, the party in power professes
to be very democratic. I believe it makes
louder pretensions to democracy than the Dem-
ocratic party ever did or now do. But what is
its practice? The honorable Senator from
Nevada, who has charge of this measure, wants
to submit his proposed constitutional amend-
ment to Legislatures already elected. He wants
to attach the amendment to the Constitution
by the first heat. How do he and his friends
carry out their professions of democracy ? The
Legislatures already chosen are to act upon this
amendment, although they were elected by the
people in advance of it and without regard to
it. Now, my proposition is that neither the
Legislatures already chosen, nor those which
may hereafter be chosen, nor any convention
chosen in the several States, shall be called
upon to act on the ratification of this proposed
amendment to the Constitution, but that that
question shall be submitted directly to the peo-
ple of the various States.
Now, sir, what necessity is there for having
a proposition to amend the Constitution sub-
mitted either to a Legislature or a convention
in a State called for the purpose of acting on
the proposition? They cannot add to the
proposition; they cannot subtract from it; they
cannot modify it. The proposition is to be
voted for or against as a totality, as an entirety,
as a matter beyond the control of the body to
which it is submitted either for acceptance or
rejection.
If the people are capable of self-government;
if they can comprehend a simple proposition
submitted to them to amend their constitution,
which proposition when they act by a Legisla-
ture or convention of the State, that conven-
tion or Legislature has no power whatever to
vary, where is the utility, the good sense, or
the principle of submitting it to an intervening
body either called a Legislature or a conven-
tion of the people of the State ? Let the ques-
tion come before the people of the State just
as questions in relation to their own constitu-
tion are thrown before them. \V hen a State
proposes to amend its constitution it either
submits to the people all the amendments as an
entirety, or it submits the several amendments
as distinct and separate propositions. Here
the honorable Senator from Nevada proposes
to submit a distinct proposition for an amend-
ment of the Constitution. He desires and pro-
poses that it shall be submitted to the Legis-
latures now in existence, now in being. I am
opposed to it; among other reasons for this
one: these Legislatures have not been chosen
with a view to the question or principle involved
in the proposed amendment of the Constitu-
tion. They have been chosen irrespective of
that question of principle, in ignorance of it.
They have been elected not with a view to act
upon it. The people in selecting and choosing
them had no reference whatever to what would
be a proposed amendment of the Constitution
before them, such a one as is embodied in the
proposition that is now before the Senate.
Can the Senate of the Uuited States, the
Congress of the United States, the people of
the United States, be engaged in a more im-
portant and solemn matter than that of amend-
ing their fundamental law? Is it a matter of
substance that these propositions to amend the
Constitution shall go before the people of the
States, and shall be acted upon by the people
of the States either through their Legislatures
or their State conventions called for that par-
ticular and special purpose? If it is not an
idle form—I agree that it is in practice nothing
else—but if it is not intended to be continued
as an idle form, why submit this important
matter of amending the Constitution of the
United States to a body that has been chosen
some considerable time previously, and that
was elected and chosen with no reference
whatever to so important a. matter ?
But, Mr. President, I go further than that.
I say that it is unseemly; it is not in accord-
ance with the principles and analogies of our
system of government, and it is unsafe iu prac-
tice to submit these amendments either to the
Legislatures already elected of the States or
the Legislatures to be hereafter elected, or to
conventions elected in the States for the sole
purpose of considering the proposed amend-
ment. The best, the safest proposition, that
in most analogy to all the principles of our
Government., is to submit a proposition which
cannot be changed, cannot be modified, can
in no way be altered, not to a Legislature or a
convention, but to the sovereign people them-
selves.
Sir, what objection is there to my proposi-
tion? There cannot be any objection on prin-
ciple, but there may be an apprehension, and
110 doubt is an apprehension to a considerable
extent, that if the submission of an important
proposition to amend the Constitution of the
United States is withdrawn from the existing
Legislatures and is submitted directly to the
people of the States the people of the States
will reject it. I cannot conceive of opposition
to the amendment which I have offered upon
any other consideration than a fear to trust the
people themselves with the decision of this
important question. I therefore make the
proposition in perfect good faith. It' the pro-
posed constitutional amendment was in accord-
ance with my views and principles, which it is
not, I would say as a permanent, unalterable
principle of amending the Constitution of the
United States, whenever a proposition to that
effect has been made either by Congress or by
a convention called by the States in obedience
to the recommendation of Congress, that the
proposed amendment should be submitted to
the people themselves in their primary and
sovereign capacity. I am utterly opposed to
superseding the sovereignty of the people on
the great question of altering their fundamental
law in relation to a most important and vital
principle. I am altogether opposed to _ the
sovereign power being superseded by Legisla-
tures that have already been elected without
any reference whatever to the action of its
members upon such a proposition.
I therefore hope, Mr. President—no ; I can-
not say I hope—I desire that my proposition
shall be accepted. I have no idea that it will
be, no faith that it will be, because it would
defeat the purposes of the gentlemen who pro-
pose and advocate this amendment if they were
to submit it to the sovereign people of their
respective States. They are the most beautiful
