672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
party in the world in theory, altogether for
democracy, for the power of the people, the
sovereignty of the people, their right to amend
or alter, modify or abolish their governments
as they see proper. These are the beautiful
theories of this Radical party ; but whenever
the Radical party are asked to put their theo-
ries into practice, and the practice threatens
to jeopardize any favorite proposition of theirs,
they have the greatest facility in the world of
putting aside their theories. Gentlemen, is not
this so? If it is not. come up and vote to lay
this proposed amendment to the Constitution
before the sovereign people of your respective
States.
Mr. SHERMAN. Would that not violate
the Constitution?
Mr. DAVIS. It would not violate the Con-
stitution. I propose to change the Constitu-
tion in that respect. What would be done in
the State of my honorable and most respected
friend if my proposition should be adopted?
Why, sir, negro suffrage would not touch bot-
tom ; it would be ingulfed so deep that it would
never be heard of again. What would be done
in the Empire State, which my houorable friend
[Mr. ConkunqJ represents in part so ably?
They might adopt it with a property qualifica-
tion, but never in that latitude which is con-
templated by the father of the measure, the
distinguished and immortal Senator from Ne-
vada. [Laughter.] What would become of
this constitutional amendment in the State of
Kansas, the State represented by the honor-
able Senator, [Mr. Pomeroy,] who, in relation
to questions of order, is always the oracle of
this body ? What would become of it in
Michigan ?
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will allow
me, I think the Legislature of my State will
adopt this constitutional amendment in twenty-
foui hours.
Mr. DAVIS. That is not my proposition.
I have no doubt the houorable Senator believes
so, and that is the very reason why he would vote
against my proposition. My proposition is that
it shall not be submitted in the State of Kan-
sas to a Legislature already elected, manipu-
lated, and I suppose as much committed as the
human mind and will can be committed; but I
want it submitted to the people of Kansas. Are
you afraid to trust your people? If you are
they ought to be afraid to trust you, and I am
not satisfied that they would not have much
more ground for their distrust than you would
have. [Laughter.] No, gentlemen. If you
are Democrats, if you are devoted to the prin-
ciples that the people 
Air. THAYER. We are Republicans.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, if you are Republicans
you ought to adopt my proposition. What does
a republican mean? He who represents the
will of his constituency. Now, I ask if his con-
stituency cannot express its will better than he
can upon a proposition to adopt or reject an
amendment to the Constitution? No, gentle-
men ; you are not going to have this amend-
ment tried, but you will be tried and you will
be found wanting, all of you. [Laughter.]
Mr. THAYER. We have been tried. •
_ Mr. DAVIS. But you may be tried again
m the forum of the sovereign people some of
these days. There will come a day of retribu-
tion. It is along lane that never turns. Yours
has run for rather a long time in the same direc-
tion, and in a direction to the common ruin of
Government, and people. It is time for you to
change the route of your lane. Why will yon
reject this propositi >n? If you do, as I know
you will, the people will say that you are more
devoted to your own interests, to your own fac-
tion, to your own continuance in power, to the
offices and spoils and plunder of the Govern-
ment, than you are devoted to the Government
itself and to their interests. That is what the
people will say ; I do not say so. [Laughter.]
Mr. THAYER. The people spoke last fall.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes; the people spoke last
fall, and what did they say? They'just said
that General Grant should be President. Every
man who has any notion, any political fantasy,
any pet idea that he imagines General Grant
would support, says that the people in electing
General Grant decided in favor of his whim and
his notion. That is all nonsense. The people
last fall decided upon one question, and that was
that General Grant should be President of the
United States. They never decided any prin-
ciple.
Now, sir, I submit this proposition to the
Senate. It is one that I would make in any
political position or with any political relations
that it would be possible for me to have. I
believe the proposition is right in itself. I do
not want gentlemen to continuean unconstitu-
tional, unjust, and mischievous system of legis-
lation. 1 want them to do what is right and
just for the people, under the Constitution,
and that will promote their good and prosper-
ity. So far as they make propositions of that
character I assure them they shall have my
support, and I think I am making a proposi-
tion of that kind now.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Kentucky tells us that in proposing this
amendment we are seeking to perpetuate our
power. A word to the Senator on that point.
He knows and I know that this whole strug-
gle in this country to give equal rights and
equal privileges to all citizens of the United
States has been an unpopular one; that we
have been forced to struggle against passio'ns
and prejudices engendered by generations of
wrong and oppression; that we have been com-
pelled to struggle against great interests and
powerful political organizations. I say to the
Senator that the struggle of the last eight
years to give freedom to four and a half mil-
lions of men who were held in slavery, to make
them citizens of the United States, to clothe
them with the right of suffrage, to give them
the privilege to be voted for, to make them in
all respects equal to the white citizens of the
United States, has cost the party with which I
act a quarter of a million of votes. There is
not to-day a square mile in the United States
where the advocacy of the equal rights and
privileges of those colored men has not been
in the past and is not now utipopular. Yes,
sir, the cause of the poor, wronged, oppressed
negroes has been, now is, aud for some years
will continue to be, an unpopular cause. The
public man or the political party that honestly
and zealously espouses their cause will con-
tinueto be misunderstood, misrepresented, and
maligned. In the past the true and tried friend
of the black man'has been made to feel the
hatred and power of the enemies of the black
race. It is too much so now, and I fear it will
be so in some portions of the country for years
to come.
But my doctrine is, no matter how unpopu-
lar it is, no matter what it costs, no matter
whether it brings victory or defeat, it is our
duty to hope on and struggle on and work
on until we make the humblest citizen of the
United States the peer and the equal in rights
and privileges of every other citizen of the
United States. Sir, I do not intend to cease
my efforts until that end is fully accomplished.
Let us give to all citizens equal rights, and
then protect everybody in the United States in
the exercise of those rights. When we attain
that position we shall have carried out logic-
ally the ideas that lie at the foundation of our
institutions ; we" shall be in harmony with our
professions; we shall have acted like a truly
republican and Christian people. Until we do
that we are in a false position, an illogical
position—a position that cannot be defended;
a position that I believe is dishonorable to the
nation with the lights we have before us.
Through ail the contests of the past thirty-five
years 1 have looked to the final consummation
of the perfect equality of citizens of the United
States in rights and privileges and the com-
plete protection of all citizens in their rights
and privileges. Peace can only come in all its
power and beauty by the complete triumph of
equality and justice.
To the Senator from Kentucky I say he may
accuse us of anything else but the idea of
advocating this policy with a view of obtain-
ing votes or Strength or power. He lias already
taunted us with the weakness of this cause; he
has asked us how it would be if we sntmnitod
to the people this amendment; he tells us that
in certain States we would be voted down.
Sir, all our knowledge assures us that every
single question pertaining to the rights of the
black men of this country during the s'ruggle
of the last nine years instead of bringing us
yotes has cost us votes. We have had to bat-
tle against the persistent opposition of the
Senator himself. We have had to battle against
the powerful opposition of those with whom he
has chosen to act; and, more than all, we have
had to battle against the prejudices, as I think
the ignorant prejudices, of a portion of our
countrymen ; against the prejudices, too, of a
small portion of our own political friends.
When the proposition was made to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia I remem-
ber that the Senator made an earnest, I may
say a passionate, speech against it, in which he
prophesied great evil to the city and to the
country. I remember, too, that at that time
there were many Republicans in Congress who
hesitated and doubted; there were many Re-
publicans throughout the country who hesi-
tated and doubted. We had to drag along with
us a great many of our reluctant political asso-
ciates. When we put muskets into the hands
of black men to help to fight the battles of the
country we not only had s.ern opposition here
in the Senate and in the House of Represent1
atives, but we had it in the country ; we had it
in the ranks of the Army ; we had it every-
where. We acted contrary to' the sentiment
and feeling of a great portion of the men who
are with us. So it was on every question, until
we catne to Mr. Lincoln's proclamation of
emancipation; that proclamation which the
earnest men in the Senate and in the House
of Representatives—which you, sir, and many
of us here—pleaded aud begged for day after
day and month after month, because we knew
it would put the country in harmony with the
decrees of Almighty God. When it came it
encountered a storm of passion aud prejudice.
State after State fell away. Thousands turned
their backs upon Mr. Lincoln. That act of
emancipation, so gloried over to-day, cost us
for months the support of many of those who
had acted with us. We bad to encounter
the sternest denunciation of those who were
against us.
The crowning act of emancipation, the great
constitutional amendment, was sternly resisted.
The fourteenth article of amendment to the
Constitution, the civil rights bill, the Freed-
man's Bureau bill, every measure that we have
passed to enlarge the rights and privileges of
that emancipated race, to protect them, to lift
them up, has encountered not only the sternest
opposition of those who wete against us polit-
ically, but it has encountered the prejudices
of a portion of thqse who" ordinarily vote with
us. Men who have been trusted and honored,
who have held seats in these Chambers and in
the Cabinet, have hesitated, have faltered, have
left us and joined the ranks of our defamers.
This constitutional amendment, which if it be
submitted to the people and sustained by the
States is to crown the great work, to make
every citizen equal in rights and privileges, will
cost us the opposition of some of our political
associates. But no matter what timid friends
say about it, it is right, absolutely right, and it
is our duty in the light of to-day to take the
responsibilities of our position, submit it to the
people of the country, and do all we can to
have it speedily ratified by the States. When
it becomes a part of the Constitution, as I have
faith it will, then the great work, so far as legis-
lation is concerned, will have been accom-
plished. Then we shall have equality among all
male citizens of the United States at least;
and then we will protect the citizens of the
country in the exercise of those rights. With
an administration coining into power pledged
to liberty and equality of rights and privileges,
pledged to peace, I believe before the lour
