1869.
ME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
673
years pass away we'shall become' accustomed
in all parts of the country to see all classes of
our citizens peacefully exercising their rights.
When that day comes, as come it "will if we
are true and brave, we shall have peace and
good neighborhood and kindly feeling all over
the country; these questions that have excited
so much of passion and prejudice will have
passed away; the country will be lifted up and
carried forward. When the work is achieved
all sections of the country will thank God that
it is accomplished, and the people will w6nder
why it was that they ever made any opposition
to its accomplishment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, it is not
my purpose to discuss the amendment pro-
posed to the'Constitution of the United States
now before the Senate. My opinions have
been on one or two occasions expressed to the
Senate upon that subject. I think that the
history of the last two or three years does not
strengthen the position of gentlemen • who
claim that the right of suffrage ought to be ex-
tended to the colored population. The gov-
ernments that have been established in some
of the States under that policy are not such a
success in protecting person £nd property and
promoting the prosperity and peace of the
people as will justify any very confident de-
mand-made by the friends of this measure.
The question which I wish to discuss just
now is that of the proper submission of this
amendment to the people or to the States. I
am not able to concur in all of the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky. One of
the features of his proposition - is that-the
amendment may be submitted to the people
of the States to be voted upon in the popular
way by the people. I am not aware of any
provision of the Constitution of the' United
States authorizing the ratification of an amend-
ment in that'mode. So far as the future is
concerned, I have no doubt that we may so
amend the Constitution. The question which
I wish to speak of now is, hovv shall this
amendment be considered by the people? It
is radical and important, and it should be de-
cided in the country according to the will and
the pleasure of the people. How can that be
done? In the absence of a constitutional pro-
vision authorizing it, I cannot see how it can
be submitted to a popular vote in the Slates.
There are only two modes of ratification:
one is by the Legislatures of the States, and
the other by convention's called in the States ;
and it seems to be competent for Congress to
decide upon the mode of ratification as between
these two modes. The Senator from Con-
necticut [Mr. Dixon] has proposed a submis-
sion to conventions in the States, as I under
stand it. That is the nearest possible approach
that we can now make to the people with this
amendment. I wish we could provide, but I
am not clear that it is practicable, that this
amendment shall not be considered by any
Legislature already selected. If it could be
submitted to Legislatures the members of which
g,re hereafter to be elected that would answer
every purpose, as I think, desired by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut; but I suppose it is not
j racticable or possible for Congress to say to
the Stat.es'what particular Legislature shall con-
sider the amendment. I am not sure upon that
question, I wish I could feel sure that we
might say that the Legislatures now elected
shall n'ot consider it. I want, in some mode or
other, the people to pass upon this measure.
Ii they decide that suffrage in this country shall
be without limit, then, of course, it becomes
their voice; it becomes right so far as Gov-
ernment is, concerned; hut until that is done
no submission will be altogether satisfactory.
So that I know of no mode by which we can
spcure .the voice and judgment of the people
except that suggested by the Senator from
Connecticut; and'what I wish to gay now to
the Senate is in favor of that proposition.
I submit to honorable Senators on all sides
that none of lis to-dSy politically stand in a
position to deny this proposition. It is pro-
posed by the Senator from Connecticut that
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 43.
the people in the selection of delegates to the
State conventions shall have a voice upon this
matter. It is their matter. It is ours no
further than we constitute a part of the body
of the people. The' Senator from Connecticut
proposes that the people shall speak upon the
great question of changing the Constitution of
the United States in regard to the exercise of
political power. Is that unreasonable 1 Is it
not right? Did not this Government come
from the people through State conventions?
Is it not right that when we change it we shall
come as near to the people as is possible?
Who says that a member of a Legislature'
elected last: summer or fell ought to act upon
a question that was not considered by the
people when they elected him ? Did I under-
stand some Senator to say that this question
was"considered in the election? I think some
Senator interrupted the distingaished Senator
from Kentucky and called his attention to the
election of last fall. I call your attention to
the election of last fall, honorable Senators,
and I ask you now to stand upon the pledge
of honor that your party made to the people in
the election last fall.
The position of the Democratic party last
summer, I presume, is nota question of doubt
or of uncertainty. That the Democratic party,
in castingits vote for Seymour and Blair, did
not vote for negro suffrage, is plam_ enough.
That the Republican party last fall in voting
for Grant and Colfax cast a vote against uni-
versal suffrage is as plain. You took the ques-
tion away from the people. You said that they
need not considerit. Yousaid that they should
not consider it last summer; and now I under-
stand it to be proposed to submit it to Legisla-
tures that are not again responsible to the
people, but that were elected before this ques-
tion is submitted. The second section of the
Chicago platform, not yet a year old, declared
the doctrine of the Republican party, and -I
simply ask honorable Senators now to make
the pledged and plighted faith of their party
to the country good and true, and not in the
face of the nation and of humanity to give it
the lie:
"The guarantee by Congress of equal suffrage to all
loyal men at the South was demanded liy every con-
sideration of public safety, of gratitude, and of jus-
tice, and must be maintained."
That is plain enough. In that you say that
the guarantee of suffrage to-all the loyal men
in the South was called for by high considera-
tions and must be maintained. Your party
took plain ground upon that question ; but in
the northern States, in the State that I have the
honor to represent in this body, what position
did you take? You go on to say:
"While the question of suffrago in nit the loyal
Statesproperly belongs to the peouleof those States.'
Not yet a year old is this political faith, de-
clared by the grand council of your party, upon
which Grant and Colfax stood before the peo-
ple ; and now you propose, without giving the
people a voice or a hearing upon the question,
to say that the right to control suffrage in the
northern States does not beloug to the people
of those States.
I ask honorable Senators, upon this ques-
tion of submission for ratification, what that
plighted faith of a great party to the people
did mean? Was it an evasion ? If so, your
party is unworthy of a nation's support. Was
it a trick and a fraud ? Then you are not only
unworthy of a nation's support but worthy only
of the condemnation of virtuous manhood
everywhere and in all ages. To the people
you submitted the question last fall, did you ?
You interrupt the Senator from Kentucky and
say that the election last fall meant, something!
If so, what did it mean ? You said to the party
when they cast ballots for Grant and Colfax :
" Your ballot, if it means anything on this sub-
ject^-means just two propositions: first, that
in the southern States Congress shall maintain
equal suffrage' to loyal men ; but in the other
States, in the northern States,'the right to
control suffrage belongs tothe people of those
States,"'- Did it belong to them? Then give
them a voice upon it and make this declara-
tion of your party true, and not stand before
the nation and before the- world as declaring
a falsehood in a national platform.
Circumstances may change in a country so
as that ►he policy of a party must change some-
what. I have heard much said about "the
logic of events." I have heard inconsistencies
in political action and conduct and faith apolo-
gized for upon the general proposition of '; the
logic of events." But since the 20th day of
May last up to the present hour what events
have occurred that change this question? The
negroes were free then—as free as now; your
understanding of the subject was as ample
then as now; and you said that in Indiana the
right to control suffrage properly of right be-
longed to the people of that State. Now you
propose to take it away from them, and, what-
ever may be the voice of Indiana, if you can
get the concurrence of three fourths of the
State Legislatures you propose to say to the
people of Indiana, "It is not properly yonr
right to control suffrage; it does not belong to
you; our Chicago platform was false upon that
subject." Men may be untrue to their polit-
ical faith elsewhere, where offices are to be
obtained, where political power is to.be held ;
but in the Senate of the United States may I
not appeal to the representatives of great
States to stand-by pledged and plighted faith ?
Now, is this wrong that is asked by the
Senator from Connecticut? He asks that this
amendment shall be submitted to the people,
the people whose Government you propose to
change, that they may have a voice on this
question ; not that the men who hold office
now in the Legislature of the "State of Indiana,
but thegreat body of voters, three hundred and
seventy thousand of them, in the State of In-
diana, shall be heard upon this amendment.
I almost understood the argument of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to be an admission
that the people were against it. If the people
are against it what right have you to change
the Government? Is it not the Government
of the people, made by them and for them-
selves? ;
Then, Mr. President, the proposition is a
distinct one. Now, inasmuch as you propose
to take a position contrary to the position upon
which your President-elect was chosen by the
people, now as you propose to throw upon Mie
country a new position upon this question, the
proposition of the Senator from Connecticut is
that it shall go as directly to the people as can
be under the circumstances of the case. My
appeal then is, that Senators-will so amend
this proposition as that it shull go to the peo-
ple. Then, when they decide it, let it stand.
Mr. STIiWAllT. Mr. President, there have
been fourteen amendments to the Constitution
of the United States heretofore ratified. They
have all been submitted to the State Legisla-
te es for ratification, and have been ratified by
the various Legislatures. That has been the
course pursued from the beginning of this Gov-
ernment until now. Never before was it pre-
tended that such a ratification was not a ratifi-
cation by the people. In the beginning of the
Constitution it isdeclared that "we, the people,
do ordain this Constitution," &c. ; and in this
Constitution ordained by the people a mode of
amending it was pointed out by the people;
and that was to submit the amendment to the
individual States. In the Chicago platform we
did take the position that this matter to a cer-
tain extent belonged to the States; and that is
what influenced several members of the Senate
against legislation who had formerly thought
there was power to legislate directly upon this
subject; they thought they were committed to
submit it to the several States. The platform
says that so far as the rebel States are con-
cerned it is the duty of Congress to maintain
equal suffrage. It says further that the other
question should be submitted to the several
Stales ; and it is not to be pretented that that
platform meant that it should be submitted for
ratification in any unusual mariner. We have
adopted the manner adopted froia the fouuda*
