674-
THE 00 WRISSKmL &LG 
January 28,1
tion of the (Jovernmentof taking the sense of
the pp.ople,
A literal construction of the amendment
"would prevent any action whatever, because
the Constitution does not point oat any mode
of taking the popular vote. In neither of the
modes prescribed by the Constitution', do the
people act directly. There.is no way of amend-
ing the Constitution-so as to-let the people act
directly on the amendment. As the Constitu-
tion is now, you can submit the question to- the
Legislature or to a convention in the State—to
no other body.. It has been thought that the
Legislature reflected more directly the will of
the people than a convention irregularly called ;
and heu.ee from the foundation of the Govern-
ment-all constitutional amendments' proposed
by Congress have been submitted to the State
Legislatures for action.
Sir, it is very strange that whenever the
Constitution of the United States can be con-
strued to deny rights it is sacred with some y.
but whenever it can be used to secure fright
and liberty we are complained of for follow-
ing the Constitution. Does the Senator from
Indiana suppose that the Republican party in-
tended in the Chicago convention to cltnnge
the Constitution or to limit the power of Con-
gress to submit propositions to the. several
States under the Constitution? No such con-
struction is fair; no such construction can be
maintained. The people understood perfectly
well that Congress had power to submit amend-
ments to the Constitution and ask for the ac-
tion of the several States. They did regard
that as a pledge against legislation ; and that
is the embarrassment in the way of legislation;
but they did not regard it as a pledge against
submitting propositions to amend the Consti-
tution in the ordinary way.
Air. DIXON. Mr. President 
Mr. PO.MEUOY. If the Senator desires to
go on to-night I shall not ask him to yield;
otherwise, 1 desire to ask the Senate 
Mr. DAVIS. With the permission of the
honorable Senator from Connecticut, I will
■withdraw the amendment which I proposed.
The PRES i D E N Tpro tempore. The amend-
ment, is withdrawn.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President 
Mr. BUCKALEW, With the permission of
the Senate, I desire to move that the amend-
mentoffered by me to this resolution be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be entered if there be no objection.
Mr. BUCivALEVV, I also desire to offer a
resolution for reference.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a joint resolution (S. li. No. 209)
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States ; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move its reference
to the select Committee ou Representative
Reform.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Massachusetts who last spoke [Mr. Wil-
son j informed the Senate that the proposition to
extend the right of suffrage to all the races  
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, as the
Senator from Connecticut is desirous of mak-
ing some remarks of moderate length, and it is
late, i move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. \\ ILSO^i. 1 ask leave to call up a bill.
Let this matter go over until to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As the Senator from Con-
necticut is willing to go on, I withdraw my mo-
tion. .;
Mr..HENDERSON. Ihavean amendment
to offer to the measure that is pending; and I
desire to offer it and have it printed.
Ihe PRES1DENI. It will go .ordered,
Mr. WILSON. I now move to lay this reso-
lution aside informally for the purpose of-tak-
ing up Senate bill No. 811, to provide for the
reduction of the military forces, and for other
pui poses. I think we can pass the bill ia ,fif
teen miuutes. ;-
Xhe PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can
enly he done by unanimous consent., ! ;
Mr. STEW ART. I shall object^- because if
we commence that there are So many, other
things which other Senators will want to bring
up. If we can keep this resolution before the
Senate we can dispose of it to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON. This bill will only take a
few -moments.
Mr. STEWART. Bat if I give way,to one
there arc others who wish to take up other
bills.-
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut is entitled to the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the assent of the
Senator from Connecticut, I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. STEWAET. Before that motion is put
I desire to say to the Senate that I shall try
very hard to-morrow to get a vote on this res-
olution, and I hope the Senate will stand by
me until we reach a vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of'the Senator from Ver-
mont, that the Senate proceed to the Consider-
ation of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OE REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 28, 1809.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BIM-.
Mr. BLAINE, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1803)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 80, 1870;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and made the special order
for Monday next after the morning hour, and
from day to day thereafter till disposed of.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I reserve
any point of order upon the bill.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPRESENTATION OF GEORGIA.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to make a privileged
report. The Committee on Reconstruction
have instructed, me to offer the following res-
olution and to ask for its immediate consid-
eration. 1 move the previous question :
Whereas it is provided by the reconstruction act
passed March 2, 1867, that  ntil the people of the
lately rebellious States shall be by law admitted to
repiesentattou m Congress, any civil government
which iuay exist therein shall bedeemed provisioual
only, and that no persons sliatl be eligible to office
in such provisional governments who-aredisqual,tied
for offico by the fourteenth amendment of tue Con-
stitution of the United States; apd whereas it is
reported that the Legislature of Georgia has ex-
pelled the colored members thereof and admitted
to their seats white men who received minorities of
votes at the polls, and that members of gaid Legis-
lature who had been elected thereto by the vote's of
colored men joined in such action, and that tweiity-
sevon disqualified white men hold seats iu said Le-
gislature in violation of the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution and of the reconstruction acts of
Congress; and whereas Senators from Georgia iiave
not yet been admitted to the Senato of the United
States: Therefore, •
liesofoed, That the Committee on Reconstruction
be ordered to inquire and report whether any, and
if any what, further action ought to be taken during
the Fortieth Congress respecting the representation
of Georgia in this House.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman says the
resolution was ordered to be reported by the
committee. I ask him, if the preamble was
also ordered to be reported?
Mr, PAINE. The preamble and resolution
in this precise form were ordered to be reported
by the committee.
Mo. BROOKS. One more question, I ask
if this, subject ift its ew.tir.ety k not now before
the Committee oa Reconstruction; and if go,
what is the necessity, of its resubmission?
action is proposed here which the committee ia
not already authorized to take?
Mr. PAINE. The condition of things gen-
erally in Georgia is before the committee,
but -
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw the demand for the previous question?
Mr. PAINE. I do not.
On seconding the previous question, there
were—ayes 70, noes SO; no quorum voting.
Tellers were- ordered; and Messrs. Paint.
and UaooKS were appointed. ■
;,The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 91, noes 33.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. CHANLER. I call for a separate vota
on the preamble.
The SPEAKER. That is in order.
Mr. N1BLACK. I demand the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken - on agreeing to the
resolution; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 128, nays 34, not voting 60; as fol-
lows : , •
YEAS —Messrs. Ames, Arijell, Delos R, Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Bailey, Beamaii, Beatly, Benja-
min, Benton, Bingham, Blackburn, Blaine, Blair,
Boles, Boutweli, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckiand,
Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick It. Butler,
Cake. Caliis, Clift, Cobb, Coburn, Cook. Corley. Co-
vode, Cullom, Dawes, Deweese. Diickery. Dodge, Don-
nelly, DriggvEggleston.Ela, Thomas I>. Eliot, Farns-
Worib, Ferrif-s, Ferry, J?ields, French,Gove, Harding,
Hanghey, Heaton.Higby, Hopkins, ChesterD.Hub-
bard; Hunter, Alexander H. Jones. Judd, Julian,
Kelley. Kelsey, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Luflin,
L.ish, William Lawrence, Loan. Lynch, Marvin,
Mayn.trd. McCarthy, Mc-Kee, Merenr, Miller, Moore,
Moorhead, Moirell, Mnllins, Myers, Jfcwcomb,
Newsham, Norris. O'Neill, Orth, Fame, Perh.jin,
Peters, Pettis, Pierce, Pike, Pile, Plauts, Poland,
Polsley, Prico, Prince, Raum. Robertson, Roots,
Sawyer, Sehenck, Scolield, Selye, Shanks, Sheila-
barger, Starkweather, Stevens, Stewait, Stokes,
Stover. Taffe, Taylor, Thoin-is, John Trimble, Upson,
Van Aernam. Burt Van Horn, Van Trump, Van
Wyck, Ward. Elihu B. Washburne, Henrv D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn. Welker, 'Whitteuiore,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, James 1?', Wil-
son, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilsou, and Win-
dow—128.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Biker, Bime.J, Beck,
Boyer, BrooKs.Burr, Gary.Cbanler, Fox,Getz,Gul.a-
day, Grover, Huislit, Hotchkiss, Humphrey, Thomas
L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, Niblaek, Phelns,
Prnyn, Kandall, Ros«. Sxtgreaves, Snaldifig, Stone,
Taber, Tift, Van Auken,.Wood, Woodward, and
Young—34.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ander-
son, Axteli, Baldwin, Banks, Barnum. Bowen, Boy-
den, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke. Sidney Clarke,
Cornell, Delano, Dicker, Dixon. Ecklev, Edwauls,
Elilridgc, James T. Elliott. Garfield. Glossbremier,
Goss. Gravely. Griswold, llalsey, Hamilton. Haw-
kins, Hill, Holman, Hooper, Asuhel W. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, llulburd, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Johnson, Keilogg, George V. Lawrence, Lincoln
Logan, Loughridge. M.itlory, McCormicfc, McCul-
lough, JVlorrissey, Maugen,Nicholsou, Nunn, Pome
roy. Robinson, Smith. Sypher, Lciwrenee i-Vi'nmblo
Trowbridge, Twichell, Robert T. Van Horn, Vidal
CadwaladerC. Washburn, and Wood bridge—60.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the preamble.
Mr. CHANLEli. Is it in order to move to
recommit the preamble with instructions?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order pending
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. CHANLEB. Then 1 move to lay the
preamble on the table.
The question was put; and the House re-
fused to lay the preamble on the table.
The previous question was secouded—ayes
94, noes 32.
The main question was then ordered to be
put, being upon agreeing to the preamble.
Mr. CHANLElt demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decidcd
in the affirmative—yeas 133, nays 39, not voting
53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Beawan,
Beatty. Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blackburn,,
Blame, Blair, Boles, Bout#ell, Bromwell, Broomall,
Bucklaud, Buekl-ey, Benjamin )?. Butler, Roderick
R. Butler, Uaks, 0 Fill is, Gtift, Cobb, Coburit. Cook,
Corley, Covode,, Oullotn, Dawes, Deweese, Dodge,
Donhelty, Edward-1, Eggleston, Ela,Thomas D. Btiot,
•latnesT. Kliiofct, Farnsworth, Farms, Fields, i'tenoh,
Gave,. Gravely, Griswold, Harding, Maughey, Ilea-
