1869.
679
to meet his or her accusers face to face, and
shall be allowed counsel On his or her behalf.
Docs my friend from Maine think it is wise to
knock <lown all these safeguards and leave
every widow of the war to the tender mercies
of some person who from motives of vindictive -
ness or meddlesomeness may send a report to
the Commissioner of Pen ions charging her
with crime, and requiring him to put her upon
proof of her honesty before she ean have her
pension ?
Mr. PERHAM. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Pahxswobtu] had been content to
wait 1 would have answered his question at the
proper time, without requiring him to ask it,
and if gentlemen will allow -me to proceed I
will answer all their questions before I get
through.
Mr. BOYDEN. I would ask the gentleman
whether he supposes it is the duty of the Gov-
ernment or of its officers to take care of the
moralitv of its citizens?
Mr. PERHAM. Not in all re$pects; but
the Government should not oflfer a premium
for crime. 1 have before me,many facts bear-
ing upon this subject, and the Pension Office
is in possession of letters from the State of
Illinois and from the State of Ohro and from
other States whose members here are making
opposition to this provision, which letters de-
clare that this crime has become a very serious
one there; and the Commissioner of Pensions
reports that the number of persons who occupy
this position is rapidly increasing; that more
and more are entering upon this kind of life.
And let me tell gentlemen of this House
that though they may vote down this provision
now the time is coming and not far distant
when the people of this country will make such
a demand upon Congress that it will be-com-
pelled to adopt some measure to prevent this
ev>'- . , ■,
Mr. MUNGEN. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. PERHAM. For what purpose ?
Mr. MUNGEN. I am opposed to charging
the Commissioner of Pensions with the duty of
superintending all offenses of this_ kind in the
country. But I am willing that it should be
placed in charge of the State of Maine.
Mr. PERHAM. The gentleman objects, I
know, to the State of Ohio being named; but
nevertheless the facts show that many such
cases exist in the State of Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not believe it.
Mr. MUNGEN. Can the gentleman from
Maine say in what part of the State any such
cases have occurred?
Mr. PERHAM. Mr. Speaker, I find that
this subject creates more excitement in this
House than I had anticipated. I trust I shall
be permitted to conclude what I wish to say in
reference to these two sections, and then I will
give way for other gentlemen. I was about to
speak of the necessity for this kind ot legisla-
tion ; and I think that members on examining
this subject, in view of the information that has
been presented and that ean be had at anytime
on application at the proper office, will concede
that some such legislation as that proposed
here is necessary. The question is, has the
committee presented the best measure that can
be presented? .
The gentleman from Illinois has askea
whether we are going to make the Commis-
sioner of Pensions a censor of the morals of
the pensioners in this country. The gentle-
man, it will be remembered, denounced this
proposition as barbarous and an insult upon
all the widows of United States soldiers wbo
are entitled to pensions. The widows ot our
soldiers are, as a whole, virtuous and worthy
women, and they do not ask that that class
under consideration should have immunity
for their crime, and they_ will not feel com-
plimented by the declaration that this is in
suiting to them. Now, let me state what we
propose. We do not propose to provide that
on tlie presentation to the Commissioner of
Pensions of any scandalous letter whicii may be
written the woman whose character is impugned
shall have her pension suspended. THe bill
provides that on the presentation of " satisfac-
tory evidence"—mark the expression—"upon
the presentation of satisfactory evidence " that
a widow receiving a pension is living in this way,
he may do1—what? Not drop her name from
the pension'-r'oTls, not" suspend her pension;
but on the presentation of satisfactory evidence
to the Commissioner that the woman is living
this kind of a Irfeand receiving a pension, when
by every principle of law she has violated her
right to the pension, he shall make a ccipy of
-all the information that has been' presented to
him and send it to the woman accused. If there
have'tteen any scurrilous letters written that are
considered evidence by the Commissioner of
Pensions, copies of those letters go directly
back to the'community from which they ema-
nated and to the woman against whom the
accusation is made; and, without any forfeiture
or suspension of the pension, sis months are
allowed to bertoshow that the accusations are
unfounded. The committee wei-e unable to
devise any better safeguard than this. They
may have failed to present the proper kind of
measure, but the bill will be open to amend-
ment, and any member can propose additional
safeguards.
Now, let me pass to the third section. The
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck,] it will
be remembered, moved to strike out both
the second and the third section ; but the
speech which he made shows that he misappre-
hended" entirely the purpose of the third section.
The gentleman evidently understood it as a
provision for withholding pensions from all
pensioners employed in the civil service. Sir,
that is not the purpose of the section. I will
explain its object. In March, 1865, a bill was
passed withholding from pensioners who might
be employed in the civil service of the Govern-
ment their pensions during the time they were
so employed. The wisdom and justice of that
measure I am not called upon to discuss. I
wilt simply say that in all cases in which pen-
sioners go into the Army they forfeit their
pensions entirely. Every maimed soldier or
officer now serving in the Veteran Reserve
corps, or in any other branch of the military
service, forfeits by going into the service the
pension to which he would be otherwise enti-
tled. A private soldier, though liis pay may
not be more than one fifth of what he would
draw if employed in the civil service of the
Government, can receive no pension on ac-
count of any wounds or disability which he
may have suffered. Yet no one complains of
that provision. But, sir, I do not intend to
discuss the justice of that enactmeut. In 1866,
about fifteen months after the passage of that
act, the Government by another law restored to
those men the pensions but not for the fifteen
months that had elapsed between the passage
of the two laws.
By the act of July. 1868, the time within which
applications must be filed in order to allow the
pensioner to draw a pension is five years from
the time when the right accrues thereto. Under
that provision of law there has been a decision
of the Interior Department, one authorized
by the act I presume, that pensioners who
made their application after the passage of
the act of July, 1868, even though they might
have been employed during those fifteen
months, are entitled to a pension for the whole
time. The purpose'of the committee was not
to interfere with this law at all except to pro-
vide that those persons who happened to make
their application after July, 1868, should have
no advantage over those who made it before.
That is all. We do not interfere with the law.
If members of the House desire that this shall
be restored, that this amount withheld shall be
given back to the pensioner, that is a subject
open to amendment, and any member ot the
House can have an opportunity to present it.
That, then, is all there is in regard to that sub-
ject. Now, sir, I would content myself with
these remarks but for the fact that my friend
from Illinois [Mr. Inrersoll] was pleased to
characterize this measure in most unmeasured
terms asari'aet fit only for a barbarous age;
that it was indicative of barbarism, and that
it could have emanated only from the cold and
frigid regions of Maine.. Mr. Speaker, Maine
needs'no defense on this floor. Her sons need
none. Their impress is made upon the broad
western prairies, the State of Illinois, that the
gentleman represents, not excluded. The State
of Maine furnished, according to her popula-
tion", as many, as faithful, and as valiant soldiers
as aiiy other State. Proud as we all'are of the
"soldiers who ivent from Illinois, I claim that
tho^e who went from Maine fought with equal
prowess and valor upon almost every bloody
field during.the war. 1 detract nothing from
the credit due to Illinois, and I claim that
there shall be no detraction from the services
performed'by the soldiers of Maine during the
recent struggle. That State has been as benev-
olent toward her soldiers as any other. She
paid as good bounties as any other. While in
the service she "took care of their wives and
little oues, and since the close of the war she
has done and is doing. [ am' certain, as much
as the State of Illinois. In addition to what
the Government is' paying, we are paying to
our meritorious soldiers who are in needy cir-
cumstances a pension out of the State treas-
ury. We have a separate department of the
State government for the distribution of pen-
sions. Our people by their legislation and by
their acts toward the soldiers have indicated
that they have as much regard for these men
and their widows as the people of any other
State. They have gone from their native State
to the West, and have aided in developing the
immense resources of the State of Illinois, if
no Maine men had gone to that State would
she. think you, have been duite up to her pres-
ent prosperous and enviable condition? Many
of herbest citizens were reared in the "frigid"
State of Maine, and were educated in her com-
mon schools, and wherever they have gone
t.hey compare favorably with the citizens of any
other State. 1 know members of the -House
will feel that I give no offense when I s,iy this.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not desire
to arrest the remarks of the gentleman, but he
thinks they are scarcely germane upon the
moiioti to recommit. If remarks in regard to
the State of Maine are in order they may be
exiended to'any other State.
Mr. PEUflAM. I have but little more to
say.
The SPEAKER. The remarks of the gentle-
man have been quite elaborate, and the Chair
desires to bring the debate back to the bill.
Mr. PERHA.M. I think I will be able to
keep myself within the rule in order to finish
what I desire to say upon this topic. Though
what I have said iuay not have been strictly
within the rules I thought that no member
would be inclined to interfere with me, because
I felt that the attack made upon this bill, char-
acterizing it as a barbarous measure, which
could only have emanated from the State of
Maine, was one to which I ought to be privi-
leged to reply.
Now, I was going to say that I had the privi-
lege of visiting the State of Illinois some two
years since, and I found people that had come
from my State scattered all round. I found
them there as lawyers, as doctors, as mer-
chants, as mechanics, as statesmen, and where
ever they were I found them leading men.
Why, the good sense of the constituency that
the gentleman himself represents sent here to
this House for three successive Congresses a
man who was born and reared and educated in
"the cold and frigid regions of_ Maine.'' I
refer to the lamented Owen Lovejoy, who had
his birth there, who culti%rated one ot our farms
until he was eighteen years of age, who was
educated at. one of our colleges.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must state to
the gentleman from Maine—as the morning
hour is so valuable to the committees that the
debate is certainly progressing beyond the
range allowed under the rules. The motion
is to recommit the bill, with instructions, to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions. If the
