680
TUB ^CONGRESSIONAL GLO®B.
January 28,
remarks of the gentleman iu-regard to the dis-
tinguished citizens of Maine who have gone to
Illinois are in order, then remarks in regard to
all the other distinguished gentlemen who have
gone there from other States would be in order.
The morning hour i'S so valuable that the Chair
must bring the debate back to the question
before ihe House. *
Sr. PERIIAM. It is unfortunate that I
Lave been obliged to make this reply in this
peculiar form ot' die question. As it is. I rec-
ognize the justice of the decision of the Chair,
and without making-any further remarks I will
yield to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Benjamin.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will detain the House
but a moment, and what I have to say is in re-
gard to the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schexck,] to strike out the third
section of the bill. I am satisfied that if the
gentleman from Ohio had understood the effect
of his motion he would not have made it, and
if the members of the House can be made to
understand the effect of the motion they will
vote it down. Let me call the especial atten-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio to the effect
of the third section. I understood him to argae
yesterday that the effect of the section was to
deprive soldiers of their pensions during the
time they were employed m the civil service
of the Government, and that it was unjust and
wrong for us to do so. Such is not the effect
of this section. The history of the matter is
this: that, from March, 1S65, until June, 1866,
a period of fifteen months, the law was that a
person drawing a pension who was employed
at full compensation in the civil service of the
Government should be deprived of the pension
during that period. That was the fact, and
ninety-nine out of every hundred of those thus
employed lost their pensions. But there is a
class of eases yet pending, cases of a doubtful
character, eases that were suspended at the
Department for one cause or another, making
perhaps an aggregate of one in one hundred,
or perhaps a little more, but the number is
few. This provision is merely that that one
in a hundred shall be placed upon the same
footing with the ninety-nine in one hundred that
have already been dealt with. That is the
effect of this provision.
Mr. WASHBURN', of Indiana. Does this
section apply to all pensioners who have made
application since June, 1806?
Mr. BENJAMIN. It applies to all who
were entitled to pensions under the general
law, and also to ihose that we pension here
every session bv special acts.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Does it
include all who have applied since I860?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes; all of those who
have applied since June, 1866, that were em-
ployed from March, 18C5, to June, 1866, in the
civil service. It merely places that one hun-
dredth portion on the same footing as the
ninety-nine hundredths that have been dealt
with by the operation of the pension laws, thus
giving that small number no advantage over
the great bulk of them whose cases have already
been disposed of by the Pension Bureau under
the law.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. One more
question. Does not my amendment restore
the ninety-nine, so that the whole hundred will
get what was taken from them during that
year?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The effect of the gentle-
man's amendment would be to cause the Pen-
sion Bureau to reopen all the cases that have
been adjudicated on and disposed of during that
period. 1 get this fact from the Pension Office,
that there are about three thousand of these
persons whose pensions were suspended dur-
ing the fifteen months that they were receiving
full salaries in the civil service of the Govern-
ment. If they were all privates—which we know
they were not—drawingeightdollarspermonth,
or ninety-six dollars a year, it would require
the sum of $300,000 bonus to those parties,
in addition to the large amount that we are now
appropriating for the payment of pensions, to
pay this elass ,of persons that we never promised
by any law or by any rule or by any regulation
to pay. These parties went into the civil
service knowing well what the law was. They
forfeited eight dollars a month, and received
from the Treasury from twelve to eighteen
hundred dollars a year or from one hundred
to one hundred and fifty dollars a month. For
the purpose of getting the larger amount they
forfeited the smaller. They were perfectly con-
tent to do so. It was a great advantage to
them to do so ; and as my colleague on the
committee has stated, such is the law to-day in
regard to our Army and our naval service.
The law of 1S65 only applied that rule to the
civil service, but after its operation for fifteen
months we repealed the law.
Mr. LOGAN. Let me interrupt the gentle-
man right here for a moment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will yield first to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Washburn.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I desire to
ask the gentleman if the soldier does not per-
form the same services as the civilian alongside
of him, and if this provision would not take
from the soldier the amount of his pension?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I presume that such was
the fact, but it was according to the law. I
admit that the law was unjust, but still it was
the law, and we administered the pension laws
accordingly, and I am decidedly opposed to
gojng back and opening up all these cases
which have been passed upon, and which have
passed almost into oblivion, for the purpose
of bringing up the arrears of pensions at this
late day.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, will the gentleman
allow me a moment ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not understand the sec-
tion as explained, or else I misunderstand the
explanation. My understanding of the section
is this: by the law of 1863 or 1865 
Mr. BENJAMIN. The law'.of 1865.
Mr. LOGAN. By the law of 1865 persons
were deprived of their pensions when they
were employed in the civil service of the Gov-
ernment. That law was repealedin June, 1866.
The Secretary of the Interior has decided that
those applying for pensions since June, 1866,
were entitled to this pension while in the civil
service, but those who applied before that time
were not. Am I correct?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Nearly so; not entirely.
Mr. LOGAN. I want the gentleman to
explain this to-the House; that is, if I am
correct, and I think I am. In 1865 a law was
passed depriving persons of their pensions who
were employed in the civil service of the Gov-
ernment. Now, according to the decision of
the Secretary of the Interior, if persons enti-
tled to pensions failed to make applications
for them until after June, 1866, they were not
affected by that law, but were entitled to receive
their pensions? Is that the case?
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is/
Mr. LOGAN. Then I want the gentleman
to tell the House if the proposition of the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions is not this: it is
to debar those persons who were not sharp
enough not to file their applications prior to
the time I have named from receiving pensions
for the time they were in the civil service of
the Government, while those who were sharp
enough to withhold their applications until
after June, 1866, are entitled to their pensions
during that time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman entirely
misapprehends this section.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well, then ; what is it?
Mr. BENJAMIN. We say that those per-
sons who did not apply until after the repeal
of the law of 1865 shall have no advantage
over those who applied before the repeal of
the law.
Mr. LOGAN. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior has decided that those who applied subse-
qently to June, 1866, are entitled to pensions
during the time they were in the civil service,
and this provision proposes to deprive them
of that right.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is the decision of
the Secretary of the Interior, and I will tell
the gentleman the effect of it.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow
me——
Mr, BENJAMIN. The gentleman will par-
don me: I yielded only for a question.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well.
Mr. BENJAMIN. According t.0 the Sec-
retary of the Interior, those who are entiled
to receive pensions at all, whose applications
are pending to-day, or who neglected to make
application until after June, 1806, are entitled
to receive their pensions for the fifteen months
that the law was in force while they were in
the civil service. As I said before, probably
ninety-nine of every hundred persons entitled
to pensions made applications before the repeal
of the law. But under that decision the one
in the hundred who neglected to make appli-
cation until after the repeal of the law will
get the pension. The proposition of the com-
mittee is to put that one on the same footing
with the ninety-nine.
Mr. LOGAN. Another question right here.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Verywell.
Mr. LOGAN. Do you not believe, as one
of the,Committee on Pensions, having examined
this law, that it was wrong in, its inception ?
Mri BENJAMIN. I do.
Mr. LOGAN. ..Then why not say that the
law was wroni;", and restore pensions to all
those whom that law deprived of pensions?
Mr. BENJAMIN. We have already repealed
that law.
Mr. LOGAN. Then if the law was wrong
and not right that is not the point here. But
the point with the gentleman is that because
the decision of the Secretary of the Interior
will take money out of the Treasury this pro-
vision is to extend that wrong, because to right
it will cost the Government a few dollars. That
is the,point exactly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The argumentof thegen-
tleman would overturn a great part of the laws
upon our statute-books. We are constantly
amending upon every conceivable subject for
the purpose of perfecting them. We find them
wrong in some particular and we try to amend
them. But we never make the amendatory laws
retrospective ia their character. We pay these
parties all that we promised them at the time.
But there is one in a hundred, as I have already
said, whose case is still pending, and we pro-
pose to put him on the same footing with the
ninety and nine.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
right here to ask him another question ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I willyield to thegentle-
man directly.
In 1861, soon after the breaking out of the
rebellion, we passed a general pension law-
promising to soldiers a certain amount of pen-
sion, to their widows a certain amount, to their
children a certain amount. In 1868 it was
found that the amounts which had been fixed
in 1861 were too small, and Congress largely
increased the amount of those pensions, mak-
ing an increase in the aggregate of at least one
third. The principle which is advocated by
the gentleman from Illinois and the gentleman
from Indiana would require us to extend that
increase of pension back to the beginning of
the war. But when the Government of the
United States pays what it has promised to pay
it has discharged its duty.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman says that to
strike out this section and insert the araend-
mentof thegentleman from Indiana would have
a retrospective effect, and that we are not in the
habit of passing such retrospective enactments.
Now, I ask the gentleman whether every law
passed by Congress upon the report of his com-
mittee granting a special pension is not retro-
spective? Has not every law giving a pension
to widows not on the pension-roll gone back to
the date of the death of the soldier? Now,
where is the difference in principle 1
