i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL 0LOBE
tribes east of the Rooky mountains; two for the tribes
t> I°c y m°un tains; four for the Indianseast
ot the Rocky mountains, namely: Sioux and Seoii-
noiea, the Omaha, Kiekapoo, Kansas, and Neosho
agencies; threeiorthe tribes enstof the Roekvmount-
ains; oneforthelndiansin theStateofNew York: one
lor tho Delaware Indians; one for Green Bay, Wis-
consin; three for the tribes in Washington Territory;
the Wichitas_and neighboring tribes west of
m® kboctawsand ^hiekasaws; one tor the tribes east
ot the liocky mountains; one for the Indians in the
Territory of New Mexico; one for the lJonea tribe;
one for the Pawnees; one for the Tancton Sioux;
three for the tribes in the Territory of Washington;
one for the Grand River and Uintah bands of Indians
m tile Territory of Colorado; two for the Upper Mis-
souri and the country adjacent thereto; one for the
Uttawas, Chippewas of Swan creek a.nd Black river,
ami Gbmtian Indians in Kansas; three agents for
tne btate of California; one for the Kiowa, Apache,
and Comanche Indians; one for the Sisseton and
Walipeton bands of Dakota or Sioux Indians; one
for the bands of Sacs and Foxes of the Mississippi,
R0WtJ? Tama county, Iowa; one for the Indians in
the State of Nevada: Provided, That it shall be the
duty of the President to dispense with the services
of such Indian agents herein mentioned as may be
practicable; and where it is practicable be shall
require the same person to perform theduties of two
agencies for one salary,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts'; I move
to amend by inserting before the proviso "and
one for the Crow tribe of Indians, $1,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLEB, of Massachusetts. I desire
further to amend, in lines eleven and twelve, by
adding $1,500.
The CHAIRMAN. That is going back, and
requires unanimous consent.
Mr. BUTLEB, of Massachusetts. When it
is understood there will be no objection. One
additional agent necessarily increases the
anfount to be appropriated for salaries.
Air. IllGBY. I wish to call attention to an
amendment I am about to propose.
The CHAIBMAN. Does the gentleman
object?
Mr. HIGBY. Not if the gentleman accepts
my proposition. I ask him to wait till I pro-
pose the amendment.
Mr. BUTLEB, of Massachusetts. I will
wait.
Mr. HIGBY. I move to strike out in line
forty-one the word " three" and insert "four;"
so that it will read "four agents for the State
of California." There are four reservations
in that State, and no two of them are less than
fifty miles apart. Why the number of agents
should be reduced from what it has been here-
tofore I do not understand. Possibly the Com-
mittee on Appropriations can give us some
information on the subject. I see, however,
by the estimate that came from the Department
that there is no reduction in the number of
agencies in CalUornia, and I know from actual
observation and examination which I made as
a member of the Committee on Indian Affairs
in 1865 that these agencies cannot get along
without each having a separate agent. For
that reason I move this amendment. There
can be no object in trying to get along with the
Indians unless we keep them under the man-
agement of distinct agents, as they have been
heretofore.
Mr. BUTLEB, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman will look at the law of last year he
will find this appropriation: "For removing
the Indians from Smith river reservation t.o
Bound valley reservation, $3,500, or as much
thereof as may be necessary ; and Smith river
reservation is hereby discontinued." Now,
having discontinued one reservation by law
last year, we discontinue one agent.
Mr. HIGBY. I would ask if the" Indians
have been removed?
Mr. BUTLEB, of Massachusetts. They are
in process of being removed ; but the gentle-
man must remember that this is an appropria-
tion from July next to July, 1870; and they
will lie removed if everybody does his duty.
Mr. HIGBY. If the removal is effected I
suppose there will be heeded but three agents.
Mr. BUTLEB, of Massachusetts. 'The re-
moval is ordered by law, and I have no doubt
it is being carried out.
Mr. HIGBY. With that statement I with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. CLABKE, of Kansas. I move to amend
by inserting in line forty-seven, after the word
' agents, the words "and superintendents;"
also m line fifty, by inserting after the word
'' agencies'1 the words'' or superintendencies."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. Imovetoamendbystriking
out in lines thirty-three and thirty-four the
words, "onefor the Indians in the Territory
of New Mexico." I do this for the purpose
of ascertaining from the chairman of the com-
mittee why it is that we have so many Indian
agents in that Territory. 1 find in line twenty-
one a provision for four agents for the tribes
in New Mexico"; then, in line twenty-two; two
more for the tribes in New Mexico; then, in
line thirty-four, one additional agent for "In-
dians in New Mexico. So that we have six for
the tribes of New Mexico and one for the In-
dians in New Mexico. It seems to me we can
dispense with at least one of these agents.
Mr. BUTLEB of Massachusetts. The rea-
son why these appropriations are made in this
way is because there was once a law or treaty
which gave four agents for the tribes of New
Mexico; then another law was passed by Con-
gress giving one more for the tribes of New
Mexico; then another giving one for the In-
dians in New Mexico, and then another law
giving one additional agent for the Indians of
New Mexico. The Committee on Appropria-
tions have to report an appropriation wherever
the law has given an agent. The reason why
they have so many Indian agents m New Mexico
is because they have so many Indians there.
There are a large number of Indians in New
Mexico. These agents are all controlled by the
superintendent. There are small roving bands
of Indians in New Mexico that require to be
dealt with, and these general agents are em-
ployed in moving the tribes and consolidating
the Indians and getting them on to their reser-
vations. The Indian agents for tribes are fixed
by treaty. These additional agents are fixed
generally by law. Each tribe, by treaty, has
Indian agents who must live there. For the
purpose of dealing with all the Indians other
agents are appointed by law. I do not know
whether there are too many or too few. I only
know that the wisdom of Congress, for which I
have high respect, has provided by law that
there shall be so many, and the committee have
framed the bill to carry out existing law. The
House can strike out anything they please.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it was disagreed to.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I move to strike out line
fifty-one, which is as follows: "For pay of
sub-agents, $6,000." There is no necessity in
my opinion for that appropriation. These sub-
agents are set down for no other purpose but to
absorb the $6,000. I have never known them
to do any good.
Mr. BUTLEB, of Massachusetts. All I can
say is that the committee have no objection to
iis being stricken out. We had no right to
omit it, but if the House sees fit to strike it out
wellatid good.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I move to amend the
clause proposed to be stricken out by inserting
" $9,000" in lieu of "$6,000." I would ask
the gentleman from Dakota why he is opposed
to the sub-agency system? There is one agency
in my Territory now where the agent resigned
over six months ago and no successor has been
appointed, and the sob-agent there is taking
charge of the Blackfeet tube of Indians.
There was another case last fall in which the
agent of the Flathead tribe of Indians com-
mitted suicide in this city, and the Department
had to send a sub-agent or special agent to
discharge the duties of the office. In every
Indian country sub-agents and special agents
are needed. 1 now withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. BUBLEIGH, Imustinsiston my amend-
ment to strike out the clause. If the agent in
Montana was not at his post of duty, there was
no reason why he should not be there.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. • He resigned.
Mr. BDTJLEIGH. And if the other agent
to_ whom the gentleman referred committed
suicide rather than go back there, it was the
most sensible act of his life. [Laughter.}
The question was put on Mr. Burleigh's
amendment; and there were—ayes.38, noes
10; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Alusos"
and Vax Aokek were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 75, noes 45.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOBINSON. I movethatthecoiomit-
tee do now rise.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
27, noes 56 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Clarke,
of Kansas, and Rome's on, were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes twenty, noes not counted.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out the
clause "for pay of clerk to superintendeut'at
St. Louis, Missouri, jpl,200." I understood
the gentleman from Kansas [Mr. Clarke] to
state that there is no superintendent at St.
Louis, and I desire to know why it is that this
clerk to the superintendent is located there.
Mr. CLABKE, of Kansas. I think I eaq
answer the gentleman from Iowa. I under-
stand that this superintendeney was originally
located at St. Louis. Since the progress of
settlements it has been moved westward, and is
now located at Atchison, Kansas. By an
amendment made on page 2 of the bill the
superintendencies of Kansas and of the Indian
territory have been combined, and if in order I
will move in line fifty-three thatthe word " two "
be stricken out and "six" inserted, so as to
make the salary of the clerk $1,600. I dis-
like_ to offer any amendment which looks like'
raising the salary of anybody, but by the ac-
[ tion of the House the two superintendencies
have been combined, and it is within my
knowledge that the duties of the clerk of what
is now known as the central snperintendeney,
provided for inthis amendment, are very heavy,
and that it has been almost impossible for the
central superintendent during the last year to
obtain and keep the services of a competent
man for the performance of the duties of the
office.
Mr. BUBLEIGH. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. CLABKE, of Kansas. Very well.
Mr. BUBLEIGH. I would like to know if
there is any clerk or superintendent at St.
Louis?
Mr. PILE. Permit me to answer the gen-
tleman. There is.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Who is he?
Mr. PILE. I do not remember his name :
but I know he has been changed two or three
times within the last year.
Mr. BUBLEIGH. I know that since Ihave
been in the western country, for the last eight
or nine years, the clerk of the central super-
intendeney has been in the habit of going down
to St. Louis to superintend the shipping of
Indian goods to the western country ; and this
is the first time I ever heard that there was a
superintendent at St. Louis.
Mr._ PILE. I do not say that there is a
superintendent there, but there is a clerk there
to superintend the shipping of good, making
purchases, <fcc.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to modify my
amendment so as to strike out the words "at
St. Louis, Missouri," and to insert in lieu
thereof the "words "of central superintend-
eney."
The CHAIRMAN. That is not now in order
except by unanimous consent, pending the
amendment of the gentleman from Kansas,
[Mr. Clarke.J
Mr. ALLISON. I ask unanimous consent
for that purpose.
Mr. HARDING. I object.
The question recurred upon the amendment
