THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
of Mr. CLAHKE.of Kansas, to strike out1' $1,200''
and to insert" $1,600," in the following clause:
For pay of clerk to superintendent at St. Louis,
Missouri, $1,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. ■ I now move to further
amend the clause by striking out the words
"at St. Louis, Missouri," and inserting in lieu
thereof the words "of central superintend-
ency."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARDING. I move that the commit-
tee now rise.
The motion was not agreed to, upon a divis-
ion—ayes seventeen, noes not counted.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read the following clause .-
For vaccination of Indians and furnishing vaccine
matter, $1,650.
Mr. TAFFB. I move to amend this bill by
inserting the following after the clause just
read:
For damages sustained by the citizens of Nio-
brara township, Nebraska, by the action of the Gov-
ernment in moving the Santee Sioux Indians upon
their lands in the year 1866, such sum" as may be
found just after proper investigation by the Interior
Department, $15,000.
Mr. BURLEIGH. _ I would like to ask the
gentleman who is to investigate this question
of damages?
Mr. TAFFB. It is to be done under the
direction of the Interior Department.
Mr, .BURLEIGH. I am opposed to this
amendment. The whole township of Niobrara
was never worth $15,000 or the half of it.
Mr. TAFFE. This is in accordance with
the estimates of the Department, which I hold
in my hand, and which do not seem to have
been regarded by the Committee on Appropri-
ations. If it shall be found upon investigation
'that no damage has been done, then there will
be nothing to pay.
Mr. BURLEIGH. When I went to Dakota
Territory in 18G1 I was located just above Nio-
brara township, and 1 have never seen the day
since when I could not have bought the whole
township for half the amount proposed in this
amendment.
Mr. TAFFE. In what capacity did the gen-
tleman go.there?
Mr. BURLEIGH. I went there at the com-
mencement of the rebellion as an agent to take
charge of the Indians there.
Mr. TAFFE. That may account for the
gentleman being able to buy so much. This
amendment does not appropriate §15,000, but
only so much as may be necessary. If upon
investigation it shall be found that nothing is
due on this account, then nothing will be paid
out of the Treasury for this purpose.
'1 he question was then taken upon the amend-
ment ot Mr. Taffe ; and it was not agreed to.
The Cleik resumed thereading of the bill,
and read the following clause:
Aricka.rees, Gros Ventres, and Mandans:
For third payment, to be madeduringtheplensure
ot Congress, to be expended in such goods, provis-
ions, and other articles as the President may from
time to time determine, $5,000 of which may be ex-
pended in the purchase of stock, animals, and agri-
cultural implements, in instructing in agricultural
anu mechanical pursuits, in employing mechanics,
educating their children, providing medielnes and
medical attendance, cure for and support of the
aged, sick, and infirm, for the helpless orphans of
said Indians, and iu any other respect to promote
their civilization, comfort and improvement, and
chief, soldier chicfs, second
chief, and -rierre uavneaux, for his services to the
Anckarees, S 0,000.
Mr. McKEE. I move to strike out the par-
agraph just read.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I would like to ask the
gentleman his object in making that motion.
Mr. McKEE. I will tell the gentleman
my reason for the motion. I make it simply
to obtain some information in regard to this
" head chief, soldier chiefs, second chief," and
the other person named here. I understand
that an appropriation was made last year for
some such purpose as this. I wish to know
why we propose now to pay this money to this
"head chief," these "soldier chiefs," this
"second chief," &c. I have merely made my
motion for the purpose of obtaining some in-
formation.
Mr. BURLEIGH. If the gentleman will
yield to me I will try to give him the inform-
ation he seeks. During the war in which we
have recently been engaged, these chiefs, the
leaders of the war party, were invariably found
upon the side of the Federal Government fight-
ing its enemies. No man can point to a single
instance in which they have ever laised their
hands against the Government or shed the blood
of the white settlers in the western country.
These friends of our Government, who have
always been ready to fight its battles, ought
to receive not "merely this appropriation of
$40,000, but double that amount.
Mr. McKEE. I withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read the following:
For transportation of goods to the Apaches, Kio-
was, and Conianehes, under same article, $5,309.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 desire
to offer an amendment, coming in after the
paragraph just read, to carry out a new treaty
which has been agreed upon since the bill has
been printed. I send the amendment to the
Clerk.
'The Clerk read as follows :
After lino one hundred and thirty-two insert the
following:
Northern Cheyennes and northern Arapahoes:
For fulfilling treaty stipulations with the northern
Cheyenne and northern Arapahoe Indians, under
treaty of May 10,1868, for thefiscal year ending June
SO, 1870:
For construction ofschool-house.perfourth article
treaty May 10. 1803. $5,000.
Forth at ot thirty installments for purchase of cloth-
ing, per sixth article treaty May 10,1868, for thefiscal
year ending June 30,1870, 610.000.
For first of ten installments t.o be expended by the
Secretary of the Interior (ten dollars for each Indian
roaming—nine hnndrcd and sixty souls) in the pur-
chase of such articles as from time to time the con-
dition and necessities of the Indians may indicate to
be proper, per sixth aitic-le treaty May 10, 1868, for
the fiscal year ending June30, 1870, $0,600.
For first of four installments to furnish said Indians
with flour and meat, per sixth article treaty jVIaylO,
1868. for the fisenl year ending June 30,1870, £.*66,576.
For the purchase of cows and oxen, per sixth
article treaty May 10,1868, 810.000.
For salary of physician, $1,200; teacher, SI.000;
carpenter, $720; miller,£720; engineer, £800; farmer,
$720, and blacksmith,$720, per seventh articletreaty
May 30, 1868, for the fiscal year ending June SO, 1870,
45.880.
For first of three installments to be expended in
presents to the ten persons of said tribe who, in the
judgment of the agent, may grow the most valuable
crops for the respeciive year, perninth atticletrea.ty
May 10,1868, for the fiscal year ending June SO, 1870,
$500.
For insurance and transportation of goods, &e., for
the northern Cheyenne and northern Arapahoe tribes
of Indians, for fiscal year ending June 30,1870, $4,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move to amend
by inserting after the amendment just adopted
the following:
Provided, That whenever that portion of the pub-
lic domain of the United States included within the
limits of Indian reserves be disineumbered of Indian
title the same shall be done by the United States,
and the land opened to actual settlement only under
existing laws, or in tracts not to exceed one hundred
and sixty acres to anyone individual, and at not
more than $1 25 per acre.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That
amendment, if it should be inserted in any
part of the bill, ought to come in further on.
I am therefore compelled to raise the point of
order that the amendment proposes new legis-
lation, and is therefore out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
_ Mr. ARNELL. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Wil-
son, of Iowa, reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly the bill
(H. R. No. 1738) making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various tribes for the year
ending 30th June, 1870, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
national mechanics' and farmers' bank.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting, in
compliance with House resolution of the 5th
instant, a report by the Comptroller of the
Treasury relative' to the condition of the Na-
tional Mechanics' and Farmers' Bank of Al-
bany, New York; which was referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency, and
ordered to be printed.
committee on the pacific railroad.
Mr. ROOTS. I ask unanimous consent ,to
submit the following resolution for reference
to the Committee on Rules :
Resolved, That in order to grant the States re-
cently admitted to representation a place upon the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, the rules of the
House be so amended as to increase the said com-
mittee during the remainder of the Fortieth Con-
gress by the addition of two members.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
this resolution will be referred t6 the Com-
mittee on Rules.
There was no objection.
leave of absence.
Mr. McCarthy obtained leave of absence for
^ight days.
suffrage.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
state to the House that I propose to demand
to-morrow the previous question upon the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 402) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
was recommitted, leaving the bill upon the
same subject where it now stands.
A Member. Where is that?
Mr. BOUTWELL. The bill as well as the
joint resolution has been recommitted, and a
motion is pending to reconsider the vote re-
committing it. 1 am satisfied, from the dis-
cussion already had and from what I know of
the feeling of the House, that I cannot consist-
ently bring the House to a vote upon the bill
at a very early day. Bui I desire that the vote
shall be taken on the proposition to amend the
Constitution at once, for the reason that there
are some Legislatures, as I understand, now in
session which will terminate as early as the 1st
of March. I understand there has been a gen-
eral agreement that some amendment to the
Constitution should be proposed, and I desire
that the vote should be taken on that proposi-
tion at once. In order that the debate in the
House to-morrow maj be directed to the pro-
posed amendment of the Constitution, 1 ask
unanimous consent that the speeches to-morrow
shall be limited to twenty minutes.
Mr. BROOKS. Does the gentleman intend
to abandon his bill?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I do not intend to aban-
don the bill. I desire to have action at first on
the constitutional amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. Is not that an abandonment
of the bill?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the gentleman not
intend to carry these matters along as in the
first instance?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have already stated
that I propose to-morrow to demand the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to lim-
iting the speeches to twenty minutes?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think I shall object.
Mr. SHANKS gave notice of his intention
to amend the joint resolution and the bill by
inserting the word "property" before the
words "race, color, or previous condition."
The amendment was ordered to be printed.
pacific rahhoad.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
submitted an amendment in reference to the
Southern Pacific railroad ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to bo printed.
