1869.
TW CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
68*
CORRECTION.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to call the attention of the House to what ap-
pears to be a mistake in tbe report of the
Globe, which escaped my attention, although-1'
tried to revise the manuscript. I am made to
Bay the "'Treasurer and the Comptroller of the
Currency act as the servants of the banking
interests." I used the word "Treasury" in-
stead of " Treasurer," I did not mean to say
thut my good friend, General Spinner, badany-
thing to do with that.
DESTRUCTION 0* AMERICAN "VESSELS.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, by unanimous con-
gent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Th at tlic Secretary of State, if not in-
compatible with the public interest, communicate to
this House siich information as may bo in possession
of said Department relating to thedestruetion dining
the latewar byrebel Vesselsof sacti American vessels
as were engaged in trade or commerce, giving the,
namej, character. and ownership and Value pf vessels
and (fargoes destroyed or taken; also,a stafcementof
d:t mages claimed by the owners ofsaid vessel? respect-
ively, and the time and place of capture or destruc-
tion, and by what vessels.
timothy j. burns.
Mr. TWICII ELL, by unanimous consent,
presented the petition of Timothy J. Burns,
of Boston. Massachusetts, demanding compen-
sation as a spy during the war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
reclamation of desert lands.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced abill (H. R. No. 1806) granting
lands to aid in the reclamation of desert lands in
the Territory of Utah; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee ou the Public Lands.
inhabitants of utah, etc.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, also introduced a
bill (H. 11. No. 1807) for the relief of the in-
habitants of cities and towns in the Territories
of New Mexico, Arizona, and Utah; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. SCOF1ELD moved to reconsider the
several votes of reference; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
new york election pr adds.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, from the select
Committee on New York Election Frauds, re-
ported the following resolution, on which he
demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That theSergeant-at-Arms of this House
be and tbe same is hereby, dirocied to arrest and
bri'ng before this House Henry Johnson, to answer
as for a contempt in refusing to appear before ttio
committee of this [louse appointed to investigate
olle? d frauds in tbe lato election in the State of
Ni-w V'ork in pursuance of asubpenaduly issued and
served on s«id Johnson on the 13th of January, vq-
cmii'ing him to appear and testily before saideom-
mittoe on that, day; and that a warrant be issued by
the Speaker of this House to the Sergeant-at-Arms,
commanding him or his special messenger to arrest
said Johnson and bring him before this House ac-
cordingly, and to abide the order and judgment ot
this House.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to mate a motion
which takes precedence. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question willbetipon
taking a recess, as the House has ordered an
evening session.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the House
took a recess till half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., pursuant to order.
SUFFRAGE.
The SPEAKER. By order of the House
this evening will be devoted to debate on th-©
proposed constitutional amendment in regard
to suffrage.
LEAVE TO PRINT.
Leave was granted to Mr. Whittemore and
Mr. CoRtEX to print reiharks.
SCl'FHA&K AGAIN.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, I propose to reply
to the argumorit of the gentleman from Mass-
achusetts, ^alr. Boutwell,] who introduced,
elaborate 'and carefully considered
oubtless set forth, the views of those
ised the proposed law: first, because
hisTs the only speeeh Oh that side which rep-
resents the views of those who present it; and
second, because it is through the politeness of
his colleagrtek, Messrs Marshall and Eld-
ridge, the Democratic members of .the com-
mittee, that.Iam entitled to the floor. Coming
as it does from a majority of the Committee on
the Judiciary, the leading lawyers of the House
and the country, the measure is vou'ehed for
by no common authority. I speak of the bill,
because it was on that his argument was made,
though my remarks will apply with equal force
to the amendment, and are so intended. The
proposed amendment to the Constitution, un-
wise as I think it, is one Congress may possi-
bly have a right to propose. Indeed, I suppose
Congress may propose anything that two thirds
of both Houses concur in. The proposition
amounts to nothing until the Legislatures of
three fourths of the States ratify and approve it.
This singular anomaly is presented for the
first time in the history of this, or, I suppose;
of any other country. The States are asked
to so enlarge the grant of powers in the Con-
stitution as to enable Congress, by appropriate
legislation, to enforce the right of any citizen
of the United States to vote in any State, re-
gardless of race, color, or previous condition
of slavery, the constitution and laws of the
State to. the contrary notwithstanding. The
proposition asking for the grant of power from
the States, by whom alone when thus pro-
posed it can be granted through their Legis-
latures, admits upon its face that the_power to
grant or refuse to grant the proposition or re-
quest of Congress is lodged'in the States, and
that if they refuse to transfer it Congress has
no right to exercise it; and yet before the
proposition, has received the sanction of a
single State Congress proposes, by the bill now
under consideration, to exercise all the power
which tlie proposed amendment would give it,
and which, for aught we know, every State
may refuse to surrender when the proposition
is submitted to them. The reputation of the
majority of the Judiciary Committee of this
House will not be promoted in the eyes of the
civilized world by the serious presentation of
such anomalous and inconsistent propositions.
To ask States to grant powers, and at the same
time to exercise them in spite of the constitu-
tions and laws of the States who are asked to
make the grant is, it seems to me, too absurd
for grown men seriously to consider. If we
have the power now the proposed amendment
to the Constitution is folly. If such an amend-
ment is required to confer the power upon us
the proposed law is the grossest and most
shameless usurpation and oppression.
When the distinguished gentleman was goad-
ing his party on with the lash of necessity, and
telling them it was too late to look back—that
their only safety lay in consummating the revo-
lution they had inaugurated—1 could under-
stand him ; but when he urgedthat both the
amendment and the law were^ indispensable,
because the party was divided in opinion as to
where the power now was, I hardly think he
was intelligible to himself.
The idea that this is a nation—that the na-
tional Congress is vested with all power neces-
sary to preserve whatever a majority of Con-
gress may consider the life of the nation which,
properly speaking, now means the life of the
Radical party, was urged with a vehemence
only equaled by the contempt with which the
idea that this is a Union of coequal, confed-
erated States was scouted and sneered at.
Whatever stress may be laid on the language
of the preamble, the fact remains that we are
living under a Constitution framed by States,
ratified by States, and which has .been and can
be only amended or altered—which is the bet-
ter word whea applied -to-th© present and the
last so*«alled amendment—by States. , Wears
in no sense a nation, and whenever we become
so we will be a centralized despotism-in some
form. The UniteclStates of America will have
ceased to exist; anarchy or empire will1 h&ve
come. Nothing shortof separate, Independent
State governments can manage andcontrol 'the
great, diversified, widely-separated, and often
conflicting interests of this people. Perhaps
the best way to determine who framed the
Constitution is to ascertain who has tbeT power
to alter and amend it, as it can hardly be sup-
posed thatits framers would'transfer to a power
other than its maker the power tinder the guise
of amendments to alter and'destroy it. How
can it be amended? The Constitution says:
" Only by the Legislatures of three fourths of tbe
several States, or by conventions in three fourths
thereof, as the one or the other mode of ratification
may be proposed by tbe Congress."
This Congress, of course, prefers and pro-
poses the former, for the very obrioris.reason
that it does not desire nor intend that the peo-
ple of the States shall have any right to delib-
erate or decide on the propositions, choosing
rather to trust their partisans in the State Le-
gislatures, all of whom have been elected al-
ready, without reference to and without any
knowledge on the partof the people who elected
them that they would be called upon to con-
sider so grave a proposition as the annulling
of their own State constitutions on the question
of suffrage.
In the action of the State Legislatures or in
the State conventions there is no approach on
this question to popular equality. Florida is
the equal Of New York, Nevada neutralizes
Pennsylvania, Bhode Island is the peer of
Ohio; while Delaware and Nebraska, Oregon
and Kansas offset Illinois and Indiana, Mis-
souri and Kentucky; yet the last census shows
that New York alone had seven times the popu-
lation of all the seven small States I have
named; and it shows further that the seven
States of New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Illi-
nois, Indiana, Missouri,and Kentucky, the great
central belt, had about a million and a quarter
more white population than all the other States
and Territories of the United States combined;
yet the constitutions of these seven States, and
the united, and if you please unanimous, will
and voice of all their people can be constitu-
tionally set at naught, disregarded, and over-
thrown by the action of the Legislatures or
conventions of other States—it might be rep-
resenting not only a minority, but less than oue
tenth of the American people. In view of
these palpable and indisputable facts, what
becomes of the twaddle about " We, the peo-
ple," in constitutional changes and amend-
ments? Is a citizen of New York less entitled .
to all the rights and privileges of a citizen of
the United States than a citizen of Florida?
Is his voice and vote less potential than that
of a citizen of Delaware, Oregon, or Nevada?
Certainly not in any matter where the power is
in the people as a people. Then all are free
and equal. "The citizens of each State shall
be entitled to all privileges and immunities of
citizens of the several States." So says the
original Constitution ; so says your fourteenth
amendment.
How, then, does it happen that sixty thou-
sand people in Nevada in the exercise of the
highest rights of sovereignty, the alteration or
amendment not only of the fundamental law—
the Constitution of the United States—but the
destruction of the constitution and laws of
the State of New York, for example, not only
without the consent, but against the will and
solemn protest of the four million people of
that State, have as much power as sixty-six
times their number residing in New York?
Simply because the changes are not made by
the people but by the States, to whom the
power was reserved when the Constitution was
formed. If, as the distinguished gentleman
from Massachusetts asserts, ten at least of the
great States of this Union, Pennsylvania and
Ohio included, have not now and never have
had a republican form of government, and if, as
