ms
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
January2 28,
lie -contends, it is not only the right but the d-ufcy
of the United States to interfere and guaranty
it to them against their will because they have
seen fit, in accordance with their own State
constitutions, some of which were in existence
before the Federal Constitution was formed,
and under which they were acting when they
^ided in its formation, to determine for them-
selves who should and who should not exercise
the elective franchise within their borders—if,
I say, that constitutes their State governments
aristocracies, which we in Congress are in duty
bound to subvert, what will the gentleman say
about the republicanism of one citizen of Ne-
vada or Florida haying the same power over
the fundamental laws of the TJnited States and
the several States as sixty-six citizens of the
State of New York have ? What doctrine of
republican equality and right gives New Eng-
land, with less than three and a half millions
of population, twelve Senators, while the State
of New York, with a population of over four
and a half millions, has only two 1
Passing from the more general positions
taken by the distinguished representative of
the Judiciary Committee to his specifications I
may state them under three heads. He claimed
the existence of the power now sought to be
exercised as being vested in Congress by the
Constitution prior to the adoption of any of
the late amendments. First, because there
was noex-press grant of absolute power over
the question of suffrage granted to the States,
but rather a qualified one which was set forth
in that portion of section four of article one
of the Constitution, which provides that—
,." times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof."
Admitting as he did what could not well be
denied, that this, taken in connection with that
• part of section two of article one which pre-
scribes that—
"The House of Bepresentatives shall be composed
of member? ehoaen every second year by the people
ot the several States, and the electors in each State
spall have the qualificationsroquisite for electors of
the most numerous branch of the State Legislature,"
would give full authority over the subject of
suffrage to the States but for the limitations
imposed in what may properly be called his
second proposition in the following portion of
section four aforesaid, to wit:
"But the Congress may at any time by law make
or alter such regulations, except as to the places of1
choosing Senators."
Which authority he contended, especially over
the "manner of holding elections," gives this
Congress full power to pass the proposed bill.
His third proposition is that none of the States
which prohibit negro suffrage are, because of
that prohibition, republican in form, but are
all mere aristocracies, and that Congress in
order to guaranty to each of these States a
Republican form of government is in duty bound
to impose universal negro suffrage upon them,
set aside their State constitutions, annul their
laws, and make them conform to the orders of
this most august and omnipotent Congress. I
will notice each of these positionsbriefly in the
short time allotted to me before I notice his
argument as to the effect which the fourteenth
amendment has on the question, and I can only
suggest objections to each, want of time making
it impossible to elaborate them.
As to the first ground assumed by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, I have only to say
that it is the first time I have ever heard it inti-
mated that the States were dependent on the
Constitution for a grant of power in order to
be able properly to exercise it. Oa the con-
trary it is well known and universally admitted
that thgir delegates met and framed that instru-
ment as the representatives of free, equal
sovereign, and independent States. That  '
_ "Tho Constitution of the United States is one of
limited and expressly delegated powers, which can
only be exercised by the General Government as
granted, or in the cases enumerated." •
That—
" The Government of the United States can elaita
p  powers which are not granted to it by tho Consti-
tution, and the powers actually granted are such as
are expressly given or given -by neeessary implica-
tion."
That—
** This instrument contains an enumeration of pow-
ers expressly granted by the people to tfteir Govern-,
ment." . w?
And, as if to render this construction c&ri^n,
as if to make assurance doubly sure, it pro-
vided that—
"The powers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
States, are reserved to the States respectively or to
the people."
Why, sir, when a lawyer.looks into a State
constitution to see whether a law of the State
is in conflict with it, what does he do ? He
looks to see whether or not, there is anything
in the constitution prohibiting the Legislature
from so acting, because all the power of the
State is in the Legislature of the State except
wliat is taken from it by the State or Federal
Constitution. But when he looks into tho
Federal Constitution to see if a law of Con-
gress is constitutional he takes exactly the
opposite view. Se looks to see whether that
power has been granted to Congress, and if it
has not been expressly or by necessary impli-
cation granted to the Federal Government then
the power is not there; it is in the States or
the people thereof. If the gentleman will look
at the decision of Chief Justice Marshall in the
case of McCullough vs. Maryland, he will find
that the words " necessary and proper" do not
mean everything that Congress thinks is nece's-,
sary. It'must-be necessary and proper. You
must use constitutional means to carry out con-
stitutional ends.
13ut 1 will not elaborate this idea. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts is triumphantly
answered, and all his arguments overthrown
by the very able and logical argument of the
distinguished lawyer and advocate from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] when on the floor of this
House he was urging the passage of an amend-
ment to the Constitution for the purpose of
investing Congress with the power now as-
sumed by the gentleman from Massachusetts
to have existed, always. It was delivered
on the 28th day of Ifebruary, 18ti6, and may
be found in the Globe, volume fifty-seven,
page 1093. I adopt the following portion of
it as expressing my ideas better than I can ex-
press them myself.
Mr. Bingham said:
"I beg leave to read, in confirmation of the truth
of what I say, an utterance made in tho hearing of
tho whole people of this country in 1788, when tho
t-onstitution was on trial for its deliverance. I read
from No. 15 of the i'edei alibt, a paper written by
James Madison:
" ' The powers reserved to the Federal States will
extend to all theobjectswhieh.intheordinary course'
of aifaira, conccrn the lives, iibeities, and pioperties
ol the people, and the internal order, improvement
and prosperity of the State.'
" X submit that this is the textof the Constitution.'
except as to thenewamendmentprohibiting slavery,
and providing for legislation to prevent it exreptas'
punishment for crime, ltstands as therulingof the
Supreme Court of the United States in the great
case of MeCuilpugh vn. The Stato of Maryland, in 4
Whcaton. it standsas therulingof tho same tribunal
in the ease of Ogden vs. Gibbons, in D Peters. It
stands, in short, as the uniform rulingof tlieSupreme
Court of the United States, concurringwith the con-
tinued action of the other Departments of the Gov-
ernment from the year 1789 till this hour, there being
no law anywhere upon our statute-books to punish
penally any State officer for denying in any State to
any citizen of the United States protection in the
rights of life.liberty.and property. It stands as the
very text of the Constitution itself, which declares
that—
" 'The powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to the States- respectively or to the
people.'
" Tbe word ' powers' oontrols the whole question,
i'he Government of the United States has no legis-
lative powers, gave the express grants and the gen-
eral grant to pass all laws which shall bo necessary
and proper to carry into execution all other powers
vested by the Constitution m the Government of the
united States, or in any department or any officer
thereof, and the implied powers necessary to cairy
the exorcss powers into effect, A grant of power,
according to alt construction, is a very different
thing from a bill of rights. In support of what I
have said on this point I ask attention to the follow-
ing citatio-ns:
," MeCnllough us. Maryland, 4 Wheaton, 405, Mar-
shall, C.. J., says: - , _
"' The Coubtitutioa of the United States is oae of
limited and expressly delegated' powers, which can
only be exercised asgranted, or in cases enumerated.'
"Speaking of the authority given to Congress by
the last clause of the first article, eighth section, of
the Constitution, Jodge Story in his Commentaries,
-section 1238, says:
"'The plain import of this clause is, that Congress
shall bavo all tho incidental and instrumental pow-
ers necessary and proper to carry into execution all
the express powers. It neither enlarges any power
specifically gran ted, nor is it a grant of any newponer
to Congress.'
" In Martin vs. Hunter's Lessee, 1 Wheaton, 32)5, it
is said:
" 'The Government of the United States can claim
no powers which are not granted to if. by the Con-
stitution, and the powers actually granted aro such
as are expressly given -or given by necessary impli-
cation.' ■ t , ,
" In Gibbons us. Ogden,9*Yvheaton, 187, Chief Jus-
tice Marshall, speaking of the Constitution, says:
"'This instrument contains an enumeration of
powers expressly granted by the people to their Gov-
ernment.'
" In Kent's Commentaries, volume one, pages 388-
390, there is this language:
. " 'The correct principle is that when ever, the terms
in which tho power was granted to Congress, or the
nature of the power required that it should be exclu-
sively exercised by Congress, the subject was as com-
pletely taken away from the State Legislatures as if
they had been expressly forbidden to act upon it.'
'You have the express power to define the punish-
ment of trea?on; the express power to 'punish the
counterfeiting of coin or securities of the United
States; the express power to define and punish pira-
cies and felonies committed upon the high seas, and
offenses against tho law of nations; exclusive legis-
lative power within this District: express powers to
govern all Territories; but where is the express power
to define and punish crimes committed in any State
by its official officers in violation of the,rights of
citizens and persons as declared in the Constitution?
And from what expressly delegated power intbe Con-
stitution can any such power be implied ? Passing
the anti-slavery amendment, is there" any one pre-
pared to saytbat the Bill of Rights confers express',
legislative power oil Congress to punish State officers
for a willful and corrupt disregard of their oaths and
oppressive and flagrantly unjust violationsof the de-
clared rights of every citizen and every free man in
every free State? The words of Madison cited are
very significant: 'The powers reserved to the sev-
eral States will extend to all the objects which con-
cern the lives,liberties, and properties of the people.'
The fact is that Congress has never by penal enact-
mentin all fhepastattemptedto enforce these rights
of the people in any State of the Union."
_ The second proposition, to wit, that the por-
tion of section four of article one of the Con-
stitution which provides that Congress may at
any time alter such regulations as the Legis-
latures of the .States may prescribe as to the
times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators ;ind Representatives, invests
Congress with any power to determine who
shall and who shall not exercise the right of
suffrage in the States, seems to me even more
absurd than - the first. What Patrick Henry
may have said, bitterly opposed as he was to
many of the provisions of the Constitution;
what any man in Massachusetts may have said
about the pow;er of Congress over suffrage in
the States under this clause, I «are not. The
language of the instrument and the uniform
recognition of this power as one belonging
exclusively, to the several States sufficiently
refutes all their theories. But when it is as-
serted that Mr. Madison asserted or admitted
that Congress had any such power I deny it.
He took precisely the opposite ground, assert-
ing that this power was not only absolute In
the States, but being as to Representatives in
Congress required to be fixed and determined
in the constitutions of the States, it was equally
beyond the authority of Congress or the fluc-
tuating legislation of the State Legislatures.
I read from the first part of No. 52 of the
Federalist, pages 242-213:
From the more general inquiries pursued in the
four last papers I pass on to a more particular ex-
ammaaon ot the several parts of the Government.
? rm k,e°in the House of Representatives.
liie nrst view to betaken of this part of the Gov-
ernment relates to the Qualifications of the elcetors
and the elected.
"Those of the former are to be the same with those
ci the elcetors of tho most numerous branch of the
btate Legislatures. The definition of the ri?bt of
suffrage is very justly regarded as a fundamental
article of republican Government. It was incum-
. ^ ,9^ the Convention, therefore, to define and
establish this right inthe Constitution. To have left
it open ior the occasional regulation of the Congress
would have been improper, for the reason just men-
tioned. To have submitted it to tho legislative dis-
cretion of the States would have been improper for
the same reason; &nd for the additional reason that
ifc'woiiPa have rek&ered too dependent on the- Stato
governments that braach of. thefFed&ral Govern-
