1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
680
ment which ought tu be dependent on the people
alone. To have rcduced the different qualifications in
the different States to one uniform rule would prob-
ably have been as dissatisfactory to some of the States
as it would have been difficult to lie Convention.
Xhe provision made by the Convention appears,
therefore, to be the best that lay withm their option.
It must be satisfactory to every State, because it is
conlormable to the standard already established, or
which may be established by the State itself. Itwill
be sate to the United States, because being fixed by
the Stateconstitutions.itisnotalterable by theState
governments, and it cannot be feared that the people
ol the States will alter this part of their constitu-
tions in such a manner as to abridge the rights se-
cured to them by the Federal Constitution."
Can language be plainer? Could Mr. Madi-
son have expressed his conviction more clearly
that the,question of suffrage was not only vested
in the States, but, so far as electors for Sen-
ators and Representatives in Congress are con-
cerned, they are defined and fixed in the con-
stitutions ot'the States, so that their rights are
secured against the prejudices and vascilla-
tions of even State legislation, as the same
persons who can elect the State Legislatures
can always vote for members of Congress?
Why does he regard this section of the Con-
stitution as eminently proper and satisfactory ?
Because suffrage being a fundamental article
of republican government it would have been
improper to have left it open for the occasional
regulation of Congress, and so far as repre-
sentation in Congress is Concerned, which is
the only thing the United States was con-
cerned about or had anything to do with, it is
safe and satisfactory both to the States and
the United States by having the right of the
electors fixed, defined, crystallized, as it were,
in the constitutions of the States themselves,
which it was, as he says, not to be feared that
they would alter so as to abridge the rights
secured to them by the Federal Constitution.
But this bill goes greatly beyond what either
the gentleman from Massachusetts or any of
the learned committee for whom he speaks
will venture to assert that they can find any pre-
tense of constitutional warrant; for it declares
null and void the constitutions and laws of
every State, and punishes with heavy fines and
Prolonged imprisonment all State officers who
refuse to receive the votes of negroes in elec-
tions for electors for President and Vice Presi-
dent or for members of the Legislature of the
State in which they may reside. W hat section
or clause of the Constitution gives Congress
the right to regulate even the times, places,
or manner of holding elections for President
or for members of the Legislatures of the sev-
eial States ? I ask this question because, unless
the language of the instrument itself and the
uniform decisions of the tribunals provided by
it to expound its meaning are all set aside and
disregarded, if the power is not given either by
express grant or by necessary implication, it not
only does not exist in Congress, but is ex-
pressly reserved to the States respectively or
to the people. As to who shall be electors
for the State Legislatures the Constitution is
silent, even as to the time, place, and manner
of their action, and is among the absolutely
reserved powers, while the electors for Presi-
dent shall be appointed in such manner as the
State Legislatures may direct, negativing all
idea of power in Congress even over the man-
ner of the election. Yet this bill assumes
control over all. .
The Constitution was not designed by its
framers to interfere with or in this matter to
limit or control in any way the absolute sover-
eign power of the States in any manner, except
to secure to the people thereof representation
in the Federal Congress, and by the powers
granted to Congress in the fourth section of the
first article that right was secured by giving
Congress control over the times, places, and
manlier of holding elections for Representa-
tives tliere. When Mr. Hamilton, m thefift.y-
mnih number ot'the Federalist, vindicated the
wisdom of this provision, and used the anguage
on vvliK'h so raucli emphasis has been laid, and
which has been so much perverted that ' its
propriety rests upon the evidence of this plain
proposition that every government ought to
contain in itself the means of its own preserva-
40xh Conh. ol) Sess.—No, 44.
tion." he uttered only an axiomatic truth, and
explained fully what he meant in this applica-
tion of it. The people of each State had the
right to be represented in the Congress of the
United States. The people of each of the
other States had the right to expect, perhaps
to require, the presence there of the Repre-
sentatives of all the States., It was well known
that each State was compelled to elect period-
ically a State Legislature ; us- very existence
required that to be done. Certain classes of
the citizens of each were of necessity obliged
to be qualified electors for Representatives in
the most numerous branch of the Legislature.
The numbers and qualifications of these elect-
ors might vary in every State; negroes, women,
foreigners, might be admitted to or excluded
from the privilege. Universal suffrage or edu-
cational or property .restrictions or qualifica-
tions might be allowed or imposed as each
State thought most conducive to its own pros-
perity, security, and peace. With all that the
United States had no concern and no right to
interfere. But knowing that some class of
citizens in each State must have the qualifica-
tions for electors for their Legislatures, it pro-
vided that that class, whether numerous or
restricted, should by virtue of these qualifica-
tions possess all the qualifications requisite
for electors for Senators and Representatives
in the Congress of the United States. Indeed,
all the States, had, when the Constitution was
formed, State constitutions republican in form,
at least in the opinion of its framers and of
all the statesmen and jurists who have suc-
ceeded them until within a few years past, the
distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts
and a few others similarly organized have dis-
covered tluit all these men were fools, and that
these constitutions were the most odious aris-
tocracies ; but of that hereafter. A class of
electors being thus secured beyond all perad-
venture who could vote for members ot Con-
gress, it was equally important that the privi-
lege of exercising the right should be assured
to them beyond all contingency.
The times, places, and manner of holding
such elections were to be prescribed by the
State Legislatures. Congress was not expected
to interfere except in case of failure or relusal
of the local Legislatures to make proper pro-
visions, but the State was not to be left unrep-
resented in Congress nor the qualified electors
therein deprived of their right of representa-
tion in the common council of the Union be-
cause of the failure or refusal of the State
Legislatures from any cause, no matter what,
to furnish them the means legally to elect men
to represent them. Hence the provision that
'•Congress may at anytime bylaw make or
alter such regulations" as to the times, places,
and manner of holding elections for members
of Congress. This provision gave the Federal
Government the power to use again and apply
as he did the words of Mr. Hamilton, li that
every Government ought to contain within
itself the means of its own preservation." As
long as there is in any State any number of
electors qualified to vote for members of the
most numerous branch of the State Legisla-
tures, as long as there is a man who has the
constitutional qualifications of a member of
Congress, this body has the constitutional
power, and it is its duty to see that, the elect-
ors and candidates are not only allowed but
furnished proper facilities for the exercise of
their rights and privileges.
If the State Legislatures refuse to fix a time
for holding such elections, or fix an improper
time; if they fail to designate places or to
authorize them to be designated, or if they are
unsuitable or inadequate, or if they tail to
appoint or cause to be appointed suitable per-
sons to conduct and determine the result of
| such election, or in any regard fail to conduct
i them in a proner manner, I take it to be not
! only the right'but the duty of Congress by
i proper laws to provide and prescribe the propei
j times, places, and manner of conducting such
| elections, which, when complied with by the
' electors in the States, will entitle the Repre-
sentativeschosen by them unconformity thereto
to take their seats in Congress and represent
their States with the sanje binding effect as if
all the machinery of the election had been pro-
vided by the States themselves. That seems
to mo to be the whole scope, intent, and mean-
ing of the constitutional provision upon which
the gentleman from Massachusetts seeks to
overthrow and subvert the constitutions and
laws of at least ten States of this Union, most
of them older than the Constitution itself, and
under which or under others not materially
different their people were living when they
framed it.
I venture the assertion here before the Hotise
and the country, and in the face of the long
array of distinguished names which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts has paraded, and ex-
tracts from whose speeches he has published,
that all liis authorities, with perhaps one ex-
ception, sustain me and my views and contra-
dict him and his. Story, Kent, the Supreme
Court, all the expounders of the Constitution,
official aud unofficial, areagainsthim; and even
Patrick Henry, the bitterest and most unrelent-
ing of all the opponents of the Constitution,
whose opinions were all overruled and disre-
garded, only objected to this provision because,
as he says:
"Accordingto the mode prescribed Congress may
tell you that they have a rieht to make the vote ol
one gentleman go as far as the votes of one hundred
poor men. The power over the manner admits of
the most dangerous latitude."
He even did not believe they had any such
power, but he says Congress may tell you that
they have this dangerous power. Nearly a
century has rolled on since he spoke, and no
Congress ever thought of it. He was about to
go down to posterity as a false prophet, a
croaker, or an alarmist, when the gentleman
from Massachusetts and his friends set up the
claim and have verified his fears, and now
cite him as authority to sustain them in their
revolutionary course.
But I must hurry on. The third proposition
of the gentleman from Massachusetts is that
no State which excludes a portion of its cit-
izens from the exercise of the right of suffrage
is republican ia form; and as by section four
of article four of the Constitution "the Uni-
ted States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican form of government, ' it
is our duty to pass this bill to comply with
that guarantee. Thedistinguished sourcefrom
which this proposition emanates alone entitles
it to serious consideration. If I or any other
common member of this House had enunciated
and advocated it we would not have been lis-
tened to ; it would have been treated simply
as an absurdity. I suppose it will hardly
be denied that the framers of the Constitution
knew what constituted a republican form of
government, and that each of the thirteen
States that by the Constitution formed and con-
stituted the United States were recognized
then as having republican forms of govern-
ment. It is hard to understand how they could
have become parties to and have ratified the
Federal compact if it had not been so. Mr.
Madison, whose views coincided with those of
Mi*. Hamilton, in the forty-third number of
the Federalist assumed as. an unquestioned
and undoubted proposition that each of the
States then had governments republican m
form. He says, when speaking of when and
how the Federal Government can interfere
under the guarantee clause in the Constitution :
" It may possibly be asked whether it may not be-
come a pretext for alterations in the State govern-
ments, without the concurrence of the btates them-
selves. It may be answered that if the (general
! Government should interpose by virtue of ttns con-
stitutional authority, it will be of course bound to
pursue the authority. But the autbontyextends no
! lurther than to aguarant.ee of a republican form ot
j government, which supposes a preexisting govern-
i meat of the form whieh is to be guarantied As long,
! therefore, as the existing republican.forms are con-
1 tinned by the States they are guarantied by the 1 ed-
eral Constitution. Whenever the States may choose
to substitute other republican Jurats they tuveauglit
to do so, and to claim the Federal guarantee .or the
latter. The only restriction imposed on them that
they shall not exchange republican to/ ana-repuD-
hoan constitutions.
