690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
"Justice Story, in his Commentaries on the Con-
stitution, quoting these opinions of Hamilton and
Madison, says:
"' The Federalist has spoken with so much force
and propriety upon this subject that itsupersedes all
further reasoning."'
Let us see wherein these States, having then
beyond all question governments republican
in form are now less so than they were then ;
let us see by what act or change they have lost
their republican forms of government, so as to
authorize the United States to interfere and
restore it under her obligation to guaranty it to
them.
Twelve out of the original thirteen States
were then slave-holding States to begin with.
Now slavery is abolished in all of them. They
had republican forma of government while they
held slaves and excluded the whole negro race
from the right of suffrage. Will it be contended
that the abolition of slavery has made their
forms of government anti-republican? I pre-
sume the gentleman from Massachusetts and his
colleagues on the Judiciary Committee will not
so contend. Suffrage in nearly all these twelve
States was confirmed when the constitution
was adopted to free white men, and in a number
of them property qualifications were prescribed
as a condition-precedent to the exercise by the
citizen of the right of suffrage. Yet Mr. Mad-
ison, in the extract I have read, assumed as an
undoubted and indisputable fact that the then
e_xisting State governments were all republican
in form.
Massachusetts by her constitution of 1780,
under which she maintained her republican
form of government without amendment on the
question of suffrage till 183G, limited the right
of suffrage thus by article four, chapter one:
"Every male person, being tiventy-one years of age,
and resident in any particular town in the Common-
wealth for the space of one year next preceding, hav-
ing aireebold estate within the same town, of the
uuuual iucouie of three pounds, or any estate of the
value of sixty pounds, snail have the right to vote in
tho choice of a representative or representatives for
the said town."
That property qualification doubtless de-
prived half her white citizens of the right of
suffrage, yet none of her statesmen of that day
for a moment supposed that her government
was anti-republican, or that the Congress of
the United States, under the constitution she
had helped to create, could set aside her con-
stitution and laws because she had an aris-
tocratic and not a republican form of govern-
ment. No one knows better than the gentle-
man from Massachusetts that suffrage was not
universal in any of the republics of ancient
times. None knows better than he that it was
not universal in any of the republics of America
when they united in the formation of the Fed-
eral Constitution, and none knows better than
he that in the changes made by the thirteen
original States in their constitutions after the
Federal Constitution was adopted a large
majority of them limited, and still limit, the
right of suffrage to white male citizens; and
he knows as well as any man on this floor, and
every school-boy knows, that every State that
was admitted into the Union after the form-
ation of the Federal Constitution, prior to
18G2, without a single exception, limited the
right of suffrage in their constitutions to white
male citizeus, and that all of those that changed
their constitutions in any way prior to 1804
continued the limitation, and confined the right
of suffrage to white male citizens. Yet all
these States so admitted into the Union, slave-
holding and free, were admitted by a distinct
resolution of Congress, in each case declaring
that they were so admitted under the constitu-
tional provision authorizing the admission of
new States, because they had each adopted
constitutions republican in form.
The resolution admitting Illinois and Indiana,
which can both be found in volume third of
the United States Statutes-at-Large, page uot>,
may be taken as specimens of all the others.
They fully verify what I say. Look for a mo-
ment at the changes made by the States in their
State constitutions since the Constitution of
the United States was adopted, or since their
admission into the Union as States, and what
do we find upon the subject of suffrage ? I have
the State constitutions all before me, and they
can be examined by any member who desires
to do so. New Hampshire, by her constitution
of 1792, and Maine in 1819, excluded paupers
only. Massachusetts in 1836 excluded pau-
pers and all those who could not read the Con-
stitution in the English language and write his
name. Rhode Island in 1842 excluded, and
still excludes, all naturalized citizens of the
United States, and imposes a property qualifi-
cation on all others. Connecticut in 1818 lim-
ited the right of suffrage to white males over
twenty-one years of age. New Jersey in 1844,
Pennsylvania in 1838, Maryland in 1851, Del-
aware in 1831, imposed the same limitation.
New York in 1846 excluded all negroes from
the right of suffrage, except those who had
resided for three years in the State and owned
freehold estates worth $250, no such restric-
tion being imposed upon white men.
I will not speak of any of the original thir-
teen that attempted to secede, though they
all, while undoubted members of the Union,
limited suffrage to white men. Of those ad-
mitted after the adoption of the Constitution,
Ohio in 1851 formed a new constitution, and
limited suffrage to white male citizens ; Indi-
ana did the same thing in the same year ; Illi-
nois did so in 1847, and Michigan made the
same provision in 1850. Iowa imposed the
same restriction on this right in 1855, and
Kansas in 1859. A similar limitation was
made by Wisconsin in 1848, and the constitu-
tions of Minnesota and Oregon contain pre-
cisely the same limitations. Congress admit-
ted Texas and California with similar restric-
tions, while Missouri in 1848, and Kentucky
in 1849, placed precisely the same restrictions
and qualifications in their State constitutions,
and these restrictions and limitations remain
in nearly all the constitutions of the States I
have named to this day. In view of all these
facts it is amazing to hear a gentleman assum-
ing to speak for the majority of the Judiciary
Committee of this House, and one of the lead-
ing and most influential members of it make
such a statement as this which I read from
the Globe:
" Mr. Boutwell. I was proceeding to consider the
distinction between an aristocracy and a republic. I
say without hesitation that none of those States in
which men are denied the elective franchise forthem-
selves and for all their posterity are republican.
They are aristocracies moro or less offensive to re-
publican institutions and republican government,
and inasmuch as by the Constitution the United
States has power, and it is made its duty to guaranty
a republican form of government to each State, if
upon observation we find, as I think we do find, in
Delaawre, in Kentucky, in Maryland, in Ohio, and
in Pennsylvania, thatthegovernmentsarenotrepub-
lican, it becomes our duty to exercise the power
vested in us by the Constitution and make those gov-
ernments republican bylaw."
And the following from the same speech is
equally indefensible—I had almost said ridicu-
lous:
" But, sir, consider the anomalous feature in our
Government if the doctrinc be successfully main-
tained thatwecannotlegislateonthissubject. There
are citizens in Kentucky and Maryland who. if the
doctrine set forth by the opponents of this bill be a
sound constitutional doctrine, are eligible to the
office of President or Viee President of the United
States, and yet who cannot vote for Representatives
in Congress or even for a State, county, or town offi-
cial. What is the qualification for the office of Presi-
dent? He must be a native citizen of the United
States and thirty-five years of age. Nothing more.
These are the only qualifications for the office of
President. By the fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution we nave declared that all the black men in
Maryland and other States shall bo citizens of the
United States. Certain State governments have for
the present denied these people the right to vote, and
yet one of them may be elected President of the
United States and anotherVice President. Is there
such an anomaly in our Government? Are we pre-
pared to admit its existence unless the Constitution
imperatively requires it? The Constitution provides
that any one twenty-five years of age, who has been a
citizen for seven years, may be elected a Kepresenta-
tivo upon this floor; and colored men, although de-
nied the right of suffrage in their own States, may
be elected to legislate for the whole country. Thus
is the General Government putin an anomalous and
inconsistent position."
As the speech progressed the following collo-
quy occurred:
"Mr. Welker. I desire to inquire whether there
is anything in this bill that will prevent any of tho
States from requiring of voters a property or educa->
lional qualification?
" Mr. Boctwell. I do not suppose there is.
"Mr. Welker. Then the States may, under this
hill, requiro suah a qualification ?
"Mr. BotnrwELL. I suppose they may."
I never expected to hear such positions taken
on this floor, even by the most obscure mem-
ber ; surely not from one of the great leaders
of his party. Two Presidents of the United
States have been elected from the State of
Massachusetts; and while they each had all
the constitutional qualifications for that high
office, yet neither ot them may have possessed
the property qualification required at the time
of the election of each to have enabled either
of them to vote for a member of the Legislature
or even a constable in the State of Massachu-
setts. A pauper may be elected President. ;
Belisarius is said to have become a beggar.
Misfortunes may reduce the wisest and best to
be dependent on the community, and while in
that dependent condition a man may be elected
President; yet he is deprived of the right of
suffrage by the constitutions of Massachusetts,
Maine, and New Hampshire. It is not so in
Kentucky. Intellect, and not wealth, is the
qualification in the proud State I have the
honor in part to represent. It is admitted by
the gentleman from Massachusetts that he does
not propose by his bill to prevent disfranchise-
ment by the States to any extent if wealth is
made the measure of the right.
But further elaboration seems to mo useless.
A simple statement of the facts refutes all the
sophistries of the argument of the gentleman.
If the constitutions of the States he named as
havinganti-republican governments can besub-
verted and overthrown by Congress as " odious
aristocracies," there were no republican State
governments when the Constitution wasframed,
and there are few, if any, now. New York,
Connecticut, and all the western and north-
western States must be added to his list. Their
Representatives must be expelled from these
Halls, and Vermont alone will rule the conti-
nent. His idea of a guarantee is equally puerile.
If these States ever had republican forms of
government they have them now. The original
thirteen States certainly had ; and each agreed
with the other that they had by the very act
of framing the Constitution for the better pro-
tection of and more effectually to guaranty to
each the preservation of their then existing_
republican governments; for the very idea of
a guarantee presupposed the existence of the
thing guarantied. So with the States after-
ward admitted. The act of admission of each
into the Union by the Representatives of all,
with the solemn declaration in each case that
their State constitutions were republican in
form and that they should severally be pro-
tected and guarantied in the preservation and
perpetuation of them, is conclusive against the
power of- Congress on any pretense whatever
now to annul aud subvert them.
This bill, so far from guarantying to every
State in the Union arepublican form of govern-
ment, actually, avowedly destroys and obliter-
ates it. When Congress forces voters upon a
State against its expressed will it assumes the
reins of government then ; the State is the mere
serf of Congress, executing its orders, obeying
its mandates. The government is congressional,
not State, as much so as if Congress ordered it
to fill all its State offices with men selected and
named by Congress. Authority over the elec-
tors would give it equal authority over the office-
holders in a State. There can be no State
republican government if Congress dictates and
enforces the government it sets up. Instead
of protecting the State in the exercise of its
freedom, this bill proposes to destroy that free-
dom; insteadofguarantyingthatfreedom to the
States which is the very essence of republican
government, it strikes it down. They have said
in their State constitutions what they want guar-
antied. They are making no complaint and
asking for no interference ; neither foreign nor
domestic enemies assail or threaten them;
peace prevails. Yet we say wo will not only
not guaranty them in that, but we will annul
