692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
took it up by presenting this bill, that every
State constitution, with the exception perhaps
of Vermont, is overthrown and annulled by that
amendment, and that every State is now carry-
ing on the State government under a constitu-
tion which contains provisions inconsistent
with and antagonistic to the Constitution of
the United States, and are therefore now liv-
ing in contempt of, if not in rebellion to its au-
thority. If the words—or any others equivalent
thereto—suggested in my question had been
inserted, despotic and revolutionary as the ex-
ercise of such power would have been, being
subversive of the freedom and rights of the
States, indeed of their very existence as
States, still it could have been understood that
universal suffrage was to be enforced, the fail-
ure to insert some such idea is conclusive that it
was only intended to invest this class of people
with the protection which the Federal Consti-
tution throws around its citizens, and such as
the State constitutions grant to all their citi-
zens, young and old, male and female, rich and
poor, all of which can be done without any
changes in the fundamental laws of the States;
purposely leaving the question of suffrage as
it stands in the several State constitutions, so
that the people thereof may extend the right
or not as they see fit. Congress doubtless
desired that all the States should adopt univer-
sal suffrage, and so desiring, determined to so
exercise the power it possesses of apportioning
representation among them as to make it their
interest to do so. It had been heretofore pro-
vided that population should regulate repre-
sentation in Congress, with some modifications.
Now it is provided that suffrage shall control;
hence the second section of the amendment,
which provides:
"Sec. 2. Representatives shall be apportioned
among the several States according to their respect-
ive numbers, counting the whule number of persons
in each State, excluding Indians not taxed. But
■when the right to vote at afiy election for the choice
of electors lor President and Vi,ce President of the
United States, Representatives in Congress, the exec-
utive and judicial officers of a State, or tile members
of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any of the
male inhabitants of such State, being twenty-ono
years of age and citizens of the United States, or iu
any way abridged, except for participation in rebel-
lion or other crime, the basis of representation
therein shall be reduced in the proportion which
the number of such male citizens shall boar to the
whole number of male citizens twenty-one years of
age in such State."
It is contended by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts that this is only a political punish-
ment to be imposed on such States as refuse to
obey the mandates of the first section till such
time as Congress can enforce its provisions,
which he asserts provides that the right to
vote for certain officers cannot be denied or
abridged. A more unfounded assumption can-
not well be imagined. The right, to vote is not
only not secured by the first section, as he as-
sumes, it is not even alluded to; nor, as f
have shown, is there any language in it which
indicates that was so intended. Just the re-
verse; and as the right to regulate that ques-
tion was by the first section left the States,
the consequences which are to follow their re-
fusal to make suffrage universal are determined
in the second.
If the first section secured the right to vote
at all, the second was the most absurd and
abortive effort to secure that right to the parties
entitled to it that can well be conceived. It
is very hard to see how the disfranchised or
unenfranchised persons are better protected,
or their right to vote in any way forwarded, by
a diminution of the representation of the States
of their residence in the Congress of the United
States. The conclusion of the gentleman on
that subject is singularly lame and impotent.
Thisamendment being part of the Constitu-
tion is, of course, subject to and governed by
the same rules of construction as the original
instrument, which is a grant of express powers,
or of powers properly and necessarily inferable
from the express grant. There is no bill of
rights in the Federal Constitution, while nearly
ail the State constitutions contain them; the
amendments to the Constitution being all
limitations on the General Government and
not applicable to the States. Why is this?
Simply because the Federal Constitution could
grant no rights ; it only received powers, and
is authorized to enforce restrictions which the
States put upon themselves.
Construing the force, effect, and meaning of
this amendment as I do, there is no difficulty
in carrying it out by appropriate congressional
legislation; but if the other view is attempted
to be enforced and the existing constitutions
and laws of the States are to be set aside by
legislation here, as this bill proposes, it will be
very difficult to find either an express grant or
a properly implied one anywhere in that first
sectiou.
As to the fourth section of the bill, I have
only time to say that, even if there was no other
objection to it, it is so cruel and inhuman in
its penalties, and is kept open as a constant
bid for perjury on the part of those who want
the offices to which others have been elected—
and their name is legion—for such a length of
time, (ten years,) that it ought to be at once
rejected. I would commend to the gentleman
the careful and serious consideration of the
twenty fourth article of the bill of rights of Ihe
Massachusetts constitution, which provides
that—
"Laws made to punish for actions done before the
existence of such la,ws, and which have not been de-
clared crimes by preceding laws, are unjust, op-
pressive, and inconsistent with the fundamental
principles of a free government."
Following up that fundamental idea, the Con-
stitution prohibited Congress from passing bills
of attainder or ex post facto laws; and lest the
States in the exercise of their reserved powers
might at any time so far depart from the estab-
lished principles of republican liberty and law
as to do so, the Constitution further provided
that no State should pass any bill of attainder,
ex post facto law, or law impairing the obliga-
tion of contracts.
There is at least enough doubt about the
construction of the third section of the four-,
teenth amendment, on which the fourth sec-
tion of this bill is based, to make it not only
extremely oppressive, but grossly unjust legis-
lation. The provision to punish "any person
who shall exercise the powers and duties of
any office therein specified" who is disquali-
fied by the third section of the amendment
by imprisonment at hard labor for two years,
without, in any manner defining what offices he
must have held to impose the disability upon
him or without giving him any information
which will enable him to understand, for ex-
ample, what is meant by being an executive
or judicial officer of any State.
Are city, town, and county officers included ?
Does it apply to men who had been fully par-
doned, and had been duly elected to State
offices before the amendment was passed?
These and many other questions will i^gise,
and men must not only run all risks of what
the ultimate decision will be, but one court
may decide one way, and another the reverse ;
men may be assured that their case is not cov-
ered by the law, and in the utmost good faith
continue to hold office, and yet be convicted
and sentenced to ignominious punishment for
two years at hard labor, when they were not
only wholly unconscious of beingguilty of any
wrong, but believed they had a perfect right
to the office. These prosecutions may be
prosecuted by this law at any time within ten
years from the commission of the offense.
What is the offense? Is it the holding of the
office or the disqualifying act? The evidence
may be oral, and supported by statements pur-
porting to have been made ten years before.
Recollections of what was said ten years be-
fore, when party bitterness is aroused, and
motives to commit perjury to secure place are
held out, make it, as I said, a most oppressive
and unjust law. If I can get an opportunity,
and the bill is to be considered, I shall move
to amend by inserting after the words "who
shall exercise the powers and duties of any
office therein specified" the following: "af-
ter haying been declared ineligible to such
office by the judgment of a court of compe-
tent jurisdiction," and limit the time for such
prosecution to two instead of ten years. But
I will not discuss this section. It was not dis-
cussed by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
and all the principles in it have been so fully
and ably discussed and exposed by my col-
league, [Mr. Knott,] whose argument has
not been and cannot be answered, that I am
willing to rest it there.
My time is nearly exhausted. I have en-
deavored to confine myself strictly to the law
and the facts as I understand them. I have
made no allusion to the repeated insinuations
against the State of Kentucky. She needs no
defense. She stands to-day the peer of the
proudest Commonwealth in this great Republic.
When this or any other Congress shall strike
down her State government and those of her
sister States, as this bill and amendment pro-
poses to do, it will be the darkest day this
country ever saw. I have no response to make
to the rallying cry of party necessity so warmly,
I had almost said so fiercely, urged. The prin-
ciples involved reach far beyond and rise high
above party ; they strike down Republican and
Democrat alike, for they strike down the col-
umns that support the temple of liberty itselfc
Five years ago a proposition of this sort would
have brought down denunciations loud and
deep from men of all parties on the heads of
the committee orthe member proposing such a
bill; but revolutions progress, usurpation if
successful encourages and develops further en-
croachments until all the original land marks
of liberty are lost. A distinguished historian
says—and we would do well to heed it and see
that we do not verify it:
"We find in the history of all usurping govern-
ments time changes anomaly into system and injury
into right. Examples beget custom, and custom
ripens into law, and the doubtful precedents of one
generation become the fundamental maxims of an-
other/'
■ Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Speaker, my purpose
^ iiyi-ising at this time is to say that I will vote
the bill and proposed amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, and have of-
fered ail amendment thereto by inserting the
word "property" in the seventh line of the
first section of the printed bill, and in the elev-
enth line of the amendment to prohibit the
practice adopted by some of the States of re-
quiring a property qualification for voters as
well as for the purposes previously intended
by the bill and amendment, that of prohibiting
encroachments on the elective franchise on ac-
count of race, color, or previous condition of
slavery. But, sir, I here wish to state further
that I do not think the amendment to the Con-
stitution necessary. In my opinion the bill is
ample to reach the case.
I have long thought that it was not only in
the power but in the duty of Congress to pro-
tect the right of the elective franchise to all
the people against any attempt by State or
local legislation or by force or fraud to curtail,
embarrass, or defeat its full and equal enjoy-
ment by all adult citizens. It would seem to
be a remarkable termination of a great and
good purpose upon the part of our ancestors,
as well as all other founders of free government
and of the principles of free government itself
that they should declare the equal rights of all
men as a cardinal doctrine, and then abandon
it in the practical workings of the institutions
they thus formed to secure those equal rights?
If, indeed, free government exists only in
theory, and has no practical virtues, we are
mistaken, and the sooner the masses of man-
kind are rid of the delusion, and the more
readily they return to the pathway of subjec-
tion, oppression, and humility, before their
more assumptive followers, thebetterforthem.
and the more readily and heartily they will be
forgiven for believing the heresy that they had
valuable natural rights given of God and equal
to those of other men. I have implicit confi-
dence in the existence, purity, and majesty of
a supreme Ruler of the universe, and 1 have
not lost confidence in mankind. The large
majority of the people of all countries, if un-
trammeled and left to their own judgment, are
