1869.
THE COTORESSIONAL GLOBE.
honest, generous, and even noble in their con-
ceptions and distribution of justice and right,
and always magnanimous toward their fellows.
It is generally in the minority, but who are the
more assumptive, arrogant, ambitious, and not
unfrequently vicious portion of society that
evil is engendered, that, like leaven, it affects
the entire society and often impresses belief
diametrically opposite to the real truth. The
ambition and vigilance of such often make them
rulers among men, and thus republics and free
institutions are wasted by falling into bad hands,
being thus used for sinister purposes weaken
their hold upon the confidenc© of the masses
and are easily wrenched from them, they caring
little for the theory of political blessings that
bring to them no real protection.
a No man is safe in his person or property in
a community where he has no voice in the
protection of either. The subjugation of his
rights and liberties, the seizure and waste of
his property, the degradation of his character,
and the insecurity of his life arc only questions
of time that are not often long deferred. Our
own much-injured country furnishes examples
enough of the proof of this to both awaken and
astonish the civilized world, and to demand the
most certain and radical remedy against their
recurrence, which can only be secured to so-
ciety by placing in the hands of all men both
the right of self-defense and of the ballot, by
which the Government becomes sacred in the
hands of the people, because it is the reflected
will of all the people. It is only then, it may
be truthfully said, that the Government is of
the people, for the people, and by the people.
When our forefathers declared to oppressed
and astonished mankind the day of a brighter
civilization in the birth of the immortal dec-
laration of the equal rights of men they believed
that there was a living reality in the declara-
tion. When in support of that declaration and
its legitimate consequences they, at great loss
of property and life, both of which they delib-
erately staked on the eventful issue,hadfounded
a Government formed in support of these views,
they were still confirmed in the j ustness of their
cause. When, years afterward, in the judg-
ment of the people it became necessary, in sup-
port of the cause they had espoused through
the Government they had founded to secure a
more perfect union of the States, they, after
due deliberation and debate, both in the na-
tional Congress and in the Legislatures of the
several States, establishing a Constitution for
the United States, adorning it with this synop-
sis of its contents and declaration of its pur-
poses ;
"We, the people of the United States, in order to
form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity, provide for tile common de-
fense, promote the general welfare, and secure the
bl essings of liberty to ouiselves and our posterity,
do ordain and establish this Constitution for the
United States of America."
This they understood to be a declaration of
universal right, and is sufficient for the pur-
pose, for it teaches the genius of the Govern-
ment and the character and purpose of its
founders and protectors. If there were no
other teachings in its articles or sections touch-
ing the equal rights of the people this pream-
ble is enough and to spare. But if it be said
that the blacks were not included because they
were slaves I answer, sir, that many of the
blacks then were voters, and aided in support
of the men who taught these doctrines and
established this Constitution, while many white
men were denied the ballot because they were
poor.
It is poverty more than complexion that dic-
tates the fate of mankind. There has not been
ail hour since the commencement of the barbar-
ism of slavery in America that money would not
purchase the liberty of the slave, nor has there
been a time that a white man could vote in
some States unless he paid a tax, while in
some States the black man could vote if he had
property and in others without that qualifica-
tion, and iu others still he could not vote at
all, while in many others he is not permitted
to vote though more than half his blood be I
693
white. Again, I say, it is property more than
complexion that dictates the fate of mankind,
and republics can only stand when the ballot-
box is secured to the poor as well as the rich,
when every one is interested in supporting the
Government because the Government secures
his rights. Havethe opponents ofthis measure
learned nothing by the past ? Has that revo-
lution conceived and executed by those who
held an undue and unequal balance of power
in the management of the Government, with
all the great sacrifices of that struggle, taught
them nothing? Have they walked blindly
through these past years of severe schooling?
Is the history of the past dead to them ? Has
the strength of the people of this nation in field
and forum, in legislative hall and at the ballot-
box been only a pastime and folly to them, or
have they deliberately, with true Mussulman
zeal, set their souls against progress and determ-
ined to destroy civilization in the house of its
friends and make this Republic a mockery and
by-wordamongthe nations oftheearth, instead
of a political high-school for the civilized world?
Have our fathers established a Republic with
a Constitution so fragile as to be controlled by
mere traditions and governed by prejudice in
violation of its_plain teachings? Will the Con-
stitution, that is the written will of all the peo-
ple, and that declares the rights of the citizen,
yield before the anti-republican prejudice of a
portion of the people against other citizens,
only because they are all or partly of different
blood ; and would you call this a stable and
a free Government? Has the Government no
power to secure to all the people their rights, j
and have the people no power to compel the
Government to this duty?
And are the opponents of this measure op-
posed to trusting the people with the destinies
of their own Government, lest they1-should
destroy it or take to themselves the right to
manage it for just purposes? And do you call
this liberty? Are the few to control the
many; the people's servants to govern the
nation, while they stand powerless to secure
their own rights through the means estab-
lished for the general good at the hands of
their servants? The better sense of honest
men revolts at such duplicity and double deal-
ing, and demands that equal and exact justice
be done to all men before the law ; that taxa-
tion and representation shall go hand in hand,
and that the right to participate in the man-
agement of the Government whose laws we
must obey shall be forfeited only for crimes
whereof the parties have been duly convicted.
I believe now, as I have in the past, that Con-
gress had thepower, and it was its duty, to abol-
ish slavery throughout the nation at any and
every hour of its sessions from its first meeting
under the Constitution to that time at which
slavery was abolished through other means.
It was with deep mortification and sorrow
that I saw Congress stand idly by, even ap-
palled before slavery's high crimes and doubt-
ing its power to prevent them, until the neces-
sity was forced upon the nation to declare
through its Exective that liberty of the people
as a necessary war measure which the legisla-
tive power of the Government, vested by the
people in a Congress, should have done in
time of peace as a light to mankind and a duty
to God, and, too, a duty which they could not
pass or omit without incurring the responsi-
bility of crime. The sequel has shown how
little I was mistaken. I believe that the power
and duty of Congress to protect the equal
rights of all the citizens of the nation has been
perfect since the adoption of the Constitution
to this hour. The fact that this is a national
legislative body secures that power and carries
with it the duty. A war power, then, is power
above the law making. A nation that, cannot
protect its citizens against encroachments of
others of its citizens is defective or already in
revolution. The nation that will not is ail
aristocracy and needs correction. If the defect
is in the organic law, it should be amended by
the people; but if it is only in the practice of
the Government, as I believe it is in this case,
either by its commissions or its omissions, it
may and should be corrected by its own volun-
tary butpromptandefficientaction. Weshould
do that work here now, and do it well.
I am not one of those who labor among the
musty records of aristocratic and monarchical
Governments for rules and precedents to carry
on this free Republic. I do not first tie toy
feet and then attempt to walk. I do not give
the Government and all its blessings to the
few and then ask them generously to yield at
their pleasure to consider propositions in favor
of the people. All that has had its time; it is
in the dead past. It is of the things that were.
However, its relics still crop out, and become
manifest in the haughtier style of the would-be
oppressor, the remnant of corrupt power, who,
self-styled and conceited, full of vice and
ciime, commits murder as a satisfaction to
appease his hatred to progress, justice, and
law. But this the people and the age alike
condemn. They must soon pass away : the fiat
has gone forth, and civilization is advancing,
justice is triumphant, and the equal rights of
men must follow. Those who because they are
more idle and vile than their neighbors assume
to control, rule, rob, own, or sell them and
their families at pleasure for gain have always
found in the Constitution, as in the holy writ-
ings, proof in support of their great wrongs to
mankind; and now, even in the light of the total
abolition of that statutized twin relic of bar-
barism, human slavery, and in the brighter
light of an advanced Christian civilization, do
not seem to learn the apparent truth that
society is moving forward ; that mankind has
aroused from the scourge of ignorance; that
men have learned to comprehend the teaching
that has ruled them, and that they have de-
termined to be free. The people will not longer
ignore the fact that this is their own Govern-
ment, founded to secure their own rights.
The public servant who in this age of polit-
ical advancement, in this free and enlightened
country, cannot comprehend how the people
can iu safety to the public welfare exercise
all their just and equal rights in the Govern-
ment is not the proper person to be trusted by
them with its destinies. The public servant
who has not firmness enough to do right at all
times, regardless of private interest and public
prejudice, is an unsafe sentinel. He who will
not do right though he could is a willing in-
strument for evil, not entitled to public or pri-
vate confidence. He who thinks or believes
that this nation can prosper while its legisla-
tors are unjust to the people is a fool. He
who assumes for himself a superiority over his
fellows is worse than either—a knave. It has
long been and is yet the practice in Congress
to refer with pride to the expansive provisions
and conceptions of the Constitution, and to
dwell with pride upon the noble generosity of
its makers in support of a power in Congress
to enact all laws ; many to admire the social,
pecuniary, commercial, agricultural, scientific,
or mechanical interests of the nation and peo-
ple. Yet our records present the strange fact
that whenever that great subject, that absolute
necessity to the proper or full enjoyment of
social, pecuniary, commercial, mechanical,
agricultural, or scientific interests, namely,
human liberty, is under consideration, the
Constitution is eagerly evoked by every polit-
ical liliput to prove the virtues of that misera-
ble, antiquated doctrine of inferior races,
castes, and privileged classes.
In this land of freedom, this home of free-
men, this school of liberty, though in advance
ground when compared with other nations,
yet our counselors are so badly educated, so
wretchedly deficient in a true knowledge of the
character of free institutions, that when that
great question for which all other political
questions were made, and which stands so high
above them as not to be compared with them,
that which is the foundation and only support
of material and social progress, and upon which
this Government was founded—human liberty
and equal political and religious rights—is dis-
cussed ia this American Congress. Men, Ilep-
