694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
resentatives of a great people, seem to be
ambitions to place on record for all time the
evidence of their want of knowledge of the
spirit and truth of the institutions and Gov-
ernment in which they live. And yet these
men are called statesmen, and the world be-
lieves that they are such ; a sad mistake, and
sadly do we answer for it. There exists a
strange fancy for past errors and oppressions;
a reluctance to go forward; a Musselman
stupor and hatred of progress ; an inconsid-
erate #nd narrow view of men and things that
continually looks backward while being thrust
forward ; an attempt to gather from the dull,
dark past the only hope and instructions of a
brighter future, a future that the past never
knew and never could, because between the
two there was no affinity and no common rela-
tion except that in time one was and the other
unlike it, unknown to it, but inconceivably
brighter, purer, grander, and better, because
more just and liberal. The past type of society
is monarchical, aristocratic, pro-slavery, op-
pressive, cruel, sensual, and slow to progress.
The future is republican, democratic, liberal,
kind, intellectual, generous, and swift in the
march of the arts and sciences.
Mr. McKBB. Mr. Speaker, it is not my
purpose to-night or at any time hereafter in
discussing this subject to enter at any length
upon a discussion of the constitutional ques-
tion involved in the bi 11 that is before the House.
It is chiefly to the bill that I propose to confine
my remarks. I would say, however, in regard
to the amendment proposed, that while per-
haps it is not such as in all respects meets my
approval, and such as may be necessary for the
times and for the country, yet in some shape
or other I regard it as a necessity in order to
secure to every citizen in the land the rights
that belong to him. I think that one defect in
the text of our constitution as it originally
stood was that it failed to embody any declara-
tion as to what constitutes a citizen. That
defect has been cured by the fourteenth article
of amendment, which has now become the
fundamental law of the land. A second defect,
in my opinion, in the original instrument, ia
that there is no declaration in it as to what are
the rights of the citizen. Until, therefore, an
amendment is ingrafted upon that instrument
defining clearly what a citizen's rights are, we
are continually to have trouble because of the
different constructions and different, legislative
enactments by the different States in regard to
these questions.
In regard to the proposed amendment as
several gentlemen have already offered substi-
tutes for the proposition, I have drawn one
myself which 1 propose to offer at the proper
time, and I will read it in order that it may be
incorporated as a part of my remarks. It dif-
fers very little from those which have already
been offered in effect, only perhaps changing
the amendment offered by the gentleman fiora
Ohio [Mr. Shellabaroer] to an affirmative
proposition. It is in this language:
Every male citizen of the United States of the age of
twenty-oneyears and upward shall be entitled to the
elective franchise ill all elections in the State iu which
no shall have actual residence as shall bo prescribed
by law, except sueh as have engaged or may hereaf-
ter.engage in insurrection or rebellion against the
United States, or sueh as shall be duly convicted of
treason, felony, or other infamous crimes: and no
State shall make or enforce any law disfranchising
any citizen for any other cause than herein men-
tioned.
In my judgment this amendment should be
affirmative and not negative, and by that means
we will have the right of the citizen to the
elective franchise clearly defined, and behind
which no State can go. That is all I propose
to say in regard to this question of the amend-
ment^ except to give my assent to the proposi-
tion in whatever form the majority of this
House may finally submit it.
And now I propose to pass to the consider-
ation of the bill which has been reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary, and in pass-
ing to the bill I will simply say in reference
to the remark made by my colleague who pre-
ceded me, [Mr. Beck,] near the close of his
speech, in which he uttered the language, " I
have no defense to make of my own State,
Kentucky," that as Kentucky stands to day,
the only State in all this Union that strips
utterly two hundred and fifty thousand citizens
of every right, I do not believe my colleague
would dare come here and offer any defense
for her. He followed up that with the decla-
ration that this measure is aimed particularly
at Kentucky. Perhaps it may be. There is
a necessity in the declaration that it should
be aimed at her. Then my colleague followed
it up with the further declaration that when
this Congress saw fit to strike down that proud
State it would be one of the darkest hours of
the Republic.
Why, Mr. Speaker, I supposed the time had
gone by when the Congress or this nation was
to be frightened by the cry that Kentucky
stands in the way of an act of justice. We
have heard that cry ever since 1861, and too
often was that cry listended to during the ad-
ministration of the late lamented Mr. Lincoln.
I believe that the time has gone by and gone
by forever when the people of this land will be
any longer frightened by her threats coming
officially from her Governor or from her Repre-
sentatives upon this floor. I believe further-
more that the time has now come and is upon
us to-day when we are recreant to our duty,
recreant to freedom, recreant to justice, recre-
ant to right if we sit quietly in our places here
and suffer her to trample the laws of our coun-
try under footand grind into the dust the rights
of a quarter of a million of freemen.
Now, sir, the fourteenth amendment, upon
which this bill is proposed to be based, has
been ratified and officially proclaimed as apart
of the organic law of the land. I know that
my colleague threw out the intimation, "if it
were an amendment;" and I know that the
doctrine held by the officials of the State of
Kentucky is that it has not been adopted ; but
I believe that it will be a long time in the future
before this Government, or any part of it out-
side of Kentucky, will question the validity of
that amendment.
The first section of the amendment reads as
follows:
"Section 1. Allpersonsborn or naturalized in the
United States, and subject to the jurisdielion thereof,
are citizens of the United States and of the State
wherein theyreside. No State shall make or enforce
any law which shall abridge the privileges or immu-
nities of citizens of the United States: nor shall any
State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property
without due process of law, nor deny to any person
within its jurisdiction the equal protection of tile
laws."
Sir, that provision stands to-day as a part of
the Constitution of the United States; but with-
out a law to enforce it it is a dead letter.
All over my own State, all over the State of
Maryland, and in many parts of the unrecon-
structed South to-day, the chief places are
held by men who, by the third section of this
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, are declared to be not
entitled to the right to hold such offices. In
my own State to-day the first section of this
amendment which I have read is a dead letter
entirely, except so far as it is enforced in
the Federal courts of our country. Not a
State court in Kentucky to-day admits the right
of two hundred and fifty thousand colored
people in that State to testify in any matter
concerning their lives, their liberty, or their
property in any case in which the matter at
issue is between themselves and white per-
sons. Her high officials are enforcing that state
of affairs in Kentucky and defying your laws
to-day, overriding your Constitution to-day,
trampling it into the dust to-day. Without a
law to enforce that constitutional amendment
it stands upon your statute-book to-day as a
simple declaration.
Now, sir, the right to pass this bill under
that amendment is certainly unquestionable.
There can be no constitutional question in re-
gard to that right; but if there was such a
constitutional question, as I have already said,
I do not propose to argue that question. But
in this state of affairs I might repeat the lan-
guage of William Pitt, in the English Parlia-
ment, on the 14th day of January, 1776, on the
bill to tax America. Beplying to an argument
which had been made on the proposition he
said:
"I came not here armed at all points with Jaw
eases and acts of Parliament, with the statute-book
doubled down in dog's ears, to defend the cause of
liberty. On such a subject I will not debate points
of law, but rely for the. defense of liberty on a gen-
eral principle—a constitutional principle. It is a
ground on which I stand firm, and on which I dare
meet any man."
I say, sir, in a case like this, when all over
a part of our land the right of perhaps more
than half a million of freemen, citizens of our
country, are trampled by State laws into the
dust, it becomes us not as men loving justice
and right to stop and talk about constitutional
principles. But we should go on as a matter
of right; and when we are satisfied that we do
right, we will not only have the approval of
our own consciences, but in the end it will be
demonstrated we will have acted justly. I will
read the third section of the fourteenth consti-
tutional amendment. It is as follows :
" Sec. 3. No person shall be a Senator or Repre-
sentative in Congress, or elector of President arid
Vice President, or hold any office, civil or military,
under the United States, or under any State, who
having previously taken an oath as a member of
Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as
a member of any State Legislature, or as an execu-
tive or judicial officer of any State, to support the
Constitution of the United States, shall have en-
gaged in insurrection or rebellion against the same,
or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof. But
Congress may, by a vote of two thirds of cacii House,
remove such disability."
This third section, as well as the first section,
of the fourteenth constitutional amendment is
systematically defied in my own State, openly
and defiantly set at naught, and has been so
ever since it was proclaimed. At least one
half—and I think I do not overestimate it when
I say that three fourths—of all the State officers
in my own State, executive, legislative, and
judicial, to-day are obnoxious to that third
section which I have read. Although disqual-
ified bythis amendment they are holding offices
in defiance of the same. They were elected
to the offices which they now hold after this
amendment had been proclaimed as a part of
the fundamental law of the land, and they
assumed the offices which they to-day are in
possession of after this amendment had been
proclaimed as a part of the Constitution of the
land.
More than all that, there is a particular
reason why this bill should be passed, and why
it should be enforced in the State of Kentucky
against those men who thus dare to defy the
law. In the canvasses before the people, prior
to the election in August last, they openly pro-
claimed it their purpose not to submit to this
amendment. They openly denounced it as no
part of the Constitution of the United States;
and when they had been elected to these offices
and came to take upon themselves the oath of
office the Governor of the State himself, in a
public speech reported in the press, made after
the election, said to those men in substance,
"Go on and assume the places to which the
people have chosen you, and I will see that
you hold office until the terms expire for which
you have been elected by the people." With
such an assurance as that they went on and
assumed those offices. And to-day, while thus
acting in violatiun of law, they are each and
every one of them engaged in grinding out the
liberties of more than a quarter of a million
of freemen in that State, who by the first article
of this amendment are declared to be possessed
of all the rights of every citizen in our land.
Now, sir, to show the spirit that animates
this class of people in my own State, I have
selected at random a few extracts from their
declarations, which I propose to read that the
House may see exactly what class of people are
now controlling that State. I read first from
a speech delivered by Judge Pryor at a judicial
convention in one of the districts in Kentucky
in the month of July last. In accepting the
nomination Judge Pryor said:
" Sellow-citizens, I desired this nomination. No
man in the country ever wanted an office or a posi-
