1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
695
tion more than I wanted this, not to gratify any per-
sonal ambition of my own or to satisfy any prejudices
I mi^nt have against this man or that man, but as a
vindication of my right to run for and to hold an
otiice if the people saw proper to give it to me.
(Cheers.] And X tell you, my friends, we will hold
these offices."
Still further on in his remarks he paid the
following tribute to the efforts of those Ken-
tuckians who are assistingin keeping the rebels
in power in this State :
" Public sentiment perhaps-in its madness six years
a,so forgot your rights and mine, but to-day the peo-
ple are awake upon the subject of their own inter-
ests. Why, about three years ago, at the close of the
war, a confederate (whether the cause in which ho
fought was right or wrong it is not necessary to dis-
cuss here) was hardly received at his door upon his
return home. He had to hide to protect himself from
a writ from the Federal court. He was not. allowed
to hold any office in the county, but to-day, they
tell me, not only in the State of Kentucky, but all
over this gloriou3 Union, that to have been in the
confederate service is a recommendation to a man
everywhere."
Loud applause followed this last declara-
tion. This language was uttered about the
time the New York convention assembled to
do honor to and to do the bidding of the lead-
ing rebels of the laud. It was about the time
of the famous declaration of Francis P. Blair,
that it would not only be the right bat the duty
of the incoming administration (assuming the
success of the Democratic party) to trample
in the dust all the reconstruction acts ot Con-
gress. These men there in the State of Ken-
tucky supposed that that was coming to pass,
and they were ready to aid in the work; and
but for the triumphant success of the Repub-
lican party and the election to the Presidency
of the great man who headed our armies in
crushing out treason these very men who made
these declarations would be to-day engaged
in the attempt to trample in the dust all these
laws enacted by the Congress of the country.
Furthermore, at that same convention J. D.
Lillard, a representative in the Legislature of
Kentucky, offered himself as a candidate for
the position of Commonwealth's attorney, and
at the conclusion of his speech, as bitter and
malignant as that of Judge Pry or, he used this
language:
"That God Almighty may, in His wrath, speed the
arrow of death to the base hearts of those who have
crushed the liberties of this land and this people, is
my living desire, and will bemy dying prayer.
And the declaration,like that of JudgePryor,
was received with loud applause. What do
these men mean by having "crushed the lib-
erties of this land and this people?" They
mean the crushing that the loyal heart of the
country, sustained by the strong arm of our gal-
lant citizens, gave to the cause of treason, which
these men advocated in the past and are enact-
ing to day.
Such are a few of the declarations made by
these men who now hold office in my State, and
these compare favorably with the expressions
of all those who made canvasses and speeches
in that contest. I will read also from a speech
delivered by General John S. Williams (a gen-
eral in the' confederate service) at a meeting
held in the city of Lexington, in the district
which my colleague has the honor to represent
on this floor, and at his very home. General
Williams is thus reported:
"He prided liimselfuponhisservicein a rebellious
cause and boasted of his achievements in further-
ance of treason. He said he repented of nothing,
a^ked no pardon tor anything, and was sorry only
that a failure was mfide to accomplish a dissolution
of the Union. He said another war would soon be
unon us, and when it came he would again buckle
011 his armor and fight for the causeso recently lost.
Such, sir, is the character of the men who
now hold in their hands the destinies of that
State, and who are engaged in this work of
trampling the law and the Constitution of the
country into the dust, while we sit here and
hesitate as to the question whether we have
the right to pass a law to stop that sort ot
work. It is true that this man Williams was
notnominated for theofficeof Commonwealth s
attorney in that district; but this was only
because another man who had done more ser-
vice than he had for the confederate cause
and stood higher with them beat him in the
convention. It is equally true that a distin-
guished relative of a man once Vice President
of the United States, and bearing the same
name, W. C. P. Breckinridge, who had also
done gallant service in the cause of the con-
federacy, also stood before that convention
and was beaten, but was beaten because he
had dared to say publicly that he favored the
repeal of the laws which keep two hundred and
fifty thouusand people of the State of Kentucky
out of her courts as witnesses.
Now, sir, these people in the State of Ken-
tucky have not changed their opinions in re-
gard to this matter. They hold to-day the
identical opinions which they have held here-
tofore, and are equally bitter and vindictive as
then. I will read now, sir, from an article
published in the Clark County Democrat on
the 14th of January in the present year, and
in the district which my colleague [Mr. Beck]
has the honor to represent on this floor.
Speaking of this question—of this amendment
to the Constitution and this proposition for
relieving political disabilities—the editorial 1
have referred to uses this language:
"Relieving Disabilities.—V/hen the war closed it
"was apparent to the leaders ot the Radical party
that under existing laws none of the confederates
could ever be convicted of treason or any other
crime, because they had been warranted in their
course by the tundamental principles of the Ameri-
can Government. The farce of indicting Jeff. Davis
and a few other prominent leaders was gone through
with to satisfy popular clamor in the North, but no
lawyer of any standing in that bection ever expected
to hear of their conviction unless it was brought
about through the medium of that packed jury which
the infamous Judge Underwood assured a congress-
ional committee he could easily empannel. It was
plainly to be seen, moreover, that the chiefs of the
so-called rebellion would have the confidence of
their own people in a greater degree than ever, and
that their mfiucnco would gradually extend north-
wardly from an innate consciousness on the part ot
the Yankee nation that these same men had been
right from the beginning. To do away with this ap-
prehended danger the fourteenth amendment, as it
is called, was devised, by one of the provisions ot
which nearly all in the South who ever held any
office of profit or honor before the war under the
State or Federal Government are ostracised from
public life and disabled from holding any position to
which an admiring constituency may choose to elect
them. This is an outrageous violation of the plain-
est and simplest provisions of our organic law and
the most clearly defined piincipies of American lib-
Cr,t-3Xt prescribes a punishmentforan offense commit-
ted long before its enactm en t.and deprives the people,
who aie sovereign, of the precious privilege which
they have always enjoyed heretofore, of electing to
official stations their representative men. it is
claimed by the Radicals that this infamous attempt
to rob men whom the southern people honor and re
spect of their rights has succeeded, but they know
full well that such is not the case. It has neveryet
been ratified in aproper manner by three fourths ot
the States, and even some of those which really gave
their sanction have since retracted. Ne man with a
grain of sense believes that the action of the bogus
carpet-bag States down South in a matter of so great
moment will be allowed to stand after tho UepuD-
lican party has met that fate to which its crimes are
so rapidly hastening its steps. ,The constitutional
amendment and the reconstruction lawswiHthen be
buried under the same mountain of contempt. Con-
gress is acting on the assumption that the so-called
amendment has become alaw, and proceeds to relievo
from its disabilities those who will eat dirt and kiss the
holy ICaaba known to school children as Plymouth
Rock. Occasionally, when in a gracious mood, it re-
lents so far as to forgive some good Democrat his
sins, and has even permitted an unrepentant cx-
rebcl major general to become a member of Congress
and take his seat by the side of the immaculate loy-
alists therein assembled, The question of rclje\\n^
those officials in this State who are disaoled by the
so-called amendment is now agitating a certain
circle in Washington. Dr..Breckinridge, who had
near and dear relatives in the so-called: William
Brown, who is said to be a gentleman; General .Bur-
bridge, who has some ax to grind perhaps; and other
pure bloods favor the proposition; but the active
ruling members of the party in this State are bit
teiiy opposed, because yet hopeful of getting the
offices themselves. . ,,
"The gentlemen now filling the public places m
this Commonwealth were selected by the people be-
cause believed to hate the Radicals with an especial
hatred. If any of them should be relieved by con-
gressional enactment of disabilities which their con-
stituents considered their chief glory and recom-
mendation there will be good ground for suspecting
that, they have weakened in the faith.
"We know ot none who, according to Radical
ideas, are entitled to any favors on account of ioy-
alty, and should any be relieved it will k® satisfac-
tory evidence to us that either Congress has been
deceived or some quondam brother hasstr:
the path of rectitude. Let no true Kentucky ask
such a favor of Ben. Butleb and the scoundrels
who now hold the reins of power. Theie is no four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution, and thecourts
Will so decide after awhile. _ Be patient. If ousted
now, you will bo elevated still higherin that good
time coming, whose dawning made bright the polit-
ical sky of Ke"tncky in 186G, and has since spread to
Conned ieut, Maryland, Delaware, California, Ore-
gon, Louisiana, and Georgia."
That is the language of a Democratic paper,
and reflecting the sentiments of the Democratic
party in the State of Kentucky to-day. It was
published in the district represented by my col-
league who has preceded me on the floor.
1 have another article here of the same tenor
from the Frankfort Yeoman, published at the
seat of government and edited by J. Stoddard
Johnson, who had the honor of being sent on
here by the electors of the State of Kentucky
to bear the vote of that State in the presiden-
tial election, in which this language occurs.
I read the conclusion of the article, dated June
16, 1869:
"We maintain that said article constitutes no part
of the Constitution, for various reasons, and that the
courts must so decide; first, because it was not sub-
mitted to the States by a vote of two thirds of the
Congress of the United States, but only two thirds of
a rump; second, because the States of Ohio, New
Jersey, and Oregon having rescinded the action of
their respective Legislatures ratifying the said
amendment before its promulgation.it has not re-
ceived the ratification of the requisite three fourths
of the States—said three States being necessary to
make up that number; and third, because the pre-
tended ratification by the southern States is utterly
void and of no effect, the Legislatures ratifying hav-
ing been elected under the so-called reconstruction
acts, which are unconstitutional, and they, consti-
tuting the foundation, falling, the whole superstruc-
ture must fall also. But enough for the present."
That is the spirit of the party to-day, a party
which is dominant in my own State, a party
which, as I have said, defies all your laws on
this question ; a party which refuses to submit
to the verdict of the nation, rendered first in
the field and then ratified by the voice of the
loyal millions at the ballot-box.
I have other extracts which I might read
showing the same tone and of the same tenor
by other prominent individuals in that State
and from their press. The men who made
these declarations (some of them) and some
of those who were elected to office indorsing
and uttering such sentiments, are here to-day be-
fore a committee of this House asking that their
disabilities be removed ; and without ever hav-
ing retracted a single statement, and without to-
day retracting the opinions they held then and
now hold, they ask this Congress to relieve
thei r disabilities that they may continue to hold
office, fearing the Federal courts, notwith-
standing their boasts. When they learn to do
justice to others it will be time for us to grant
relief to them. I trust the day may soon come
when we can with safety relieve them all. but
that day should not come until these men not
only submit to the laws, which we intend shall
not be a matter of choice with them, but until
they go to work and aid in seeing that justice
is done to every citizen of the State, and that
all have enforced through her own courts the
same equal and exact justice, and the same
equal political rights which as men and as
citizens we propose to declare they shall have
irrespective of race or color. When they as
a party do this, then, for one, and I think I
speak the sentiments of the party I represent
from my State, I shall be willing to see all their
disabilities removed; but, sir, not until then.
Mr. Speaker, all over the State ot Kentucky
for the last two years we have haci outrage upon
outrage, murder upon murder, assassinations
by night and by day by the Kuklux Klan, or
Regulators, or whatever you may choose to
call them. In the dead hour of the night they
havegone to men's houses, dragged them from
their beds, beaten them and murdered them in
the presence of their families, taken them out
and hanged them; yet, sir, notwithstanding
all this, there is not a single case on the record
of that State where one single man engaged in
this system of outlawry has been either arrested
or punished for the commission of these crimes.
Can you expect otherwise when the highest
officials in the State themselves openly,^sys-
tematically, and daily violate the laws ot the
land? First, sir, you must remove those whe
countenance violations of the law, violations
