696
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
of the statute, and who themselves trample
your own laws in the dust. Until you have
done that you cannot expect to have peace in
that State, the execution of the laws of the
land, or any protection of life and property. I
might read many extracts in support of what I
have said, and to show that these outrages take
place almost within gunshot of the Governor's
mansion, and yet nothing is done to prevent
them. I will read from an extract from the
Frankfort Commonwealth of a late date:
" Murder.—On Sunday night last a man named
Samuel -Davis, jr., who was confined in the Mercer
county jail on a charge of counterfeiting, was taken
therefrom by a body of ' Regulators,' and hung a
short distance from Harrodsburg, on the Lexington
turnpike. This man Davis was at one time in the
Federal Army. A number of other prisoners in the
jail, on charges of murder, &c., were not disturbed."
And another from the Lexington States-
man, January 14, 1869:
" Kul-lux Outrages—Them WAin One Man, and Fire
on Ike House of Another— A correspondent writes us
trom Lincoln county that on the night of Saturday,
the 2d of January, some ten or twelve Kuklux went
to tho house of W. Baker, in that county, and took
him off some distance from it and whipped him un-
metoifuliy. Baker begged them to end. his troubles
by shooting him; but tho fiends preferred theseverer
punishment of lashing and lacerating his flesh.
Baker issaid to be a inanof good character, respected
by his neighbors. He is a Republican. Alter whip-
ping Baker they went to the house of Jesse Davis, m
tho same county. A dog gave the alarm and aroused
Davis. Xhey shot tho dog, and asked Davis to cooie
out, representing themselves as hunters who had
lost their way. Davis refused to corao out, but in-
vited them to come m the house. This they would
not do; and soeing that Davis would not come out
they commenced firing upon the house. One of the
balls went through the door and struck the bedstead
that contained Davis's little children. After the firing
ceased, Davis lit a candle and again invited tho_ fel-
lows in, being now prepared for them. They refused
to accept the invitation."
I have many other extracts, all showing the
truth of the declaration of what 1 have said,
bat it is unnecessary to insert them.
Mr. Speaker, there is no law in my State to
protect the two hundred and fifty thousand
freemen of color who are there. I wish to
read one extract from the last annual message
of the Governor to show what is the spirit
which animates him. Referring to a case of
murder by two citizens in Lewis county, Gov-
ernor Stevenson says iu his message to the
General Assembly:
"But recently two persons, JohnBlyew andGteorgje
Kilinard, were arrested and indicted in the Lewis
circuit court of Kentucky for alleged murders com-
mitted by them in Lewis county upon the 30th of
August, 1808, a place over which the Juriftdtcliun of
the United Stales did not extend, and while so in
custody of a State court of competent and unques-
tioned jurisdiction to try them, these two prisoners
were, by the coercivc process of the Federal court,
forcibly taken trom the custody of the State author-
ity, and against its consent, to Louisville."
Here, sir, we have the declaration of the Gov-
ernor of the State of Kentucky, in his official
message, that your jurisdiction does not ex-
tend over Kentucky. It is in regard to the case
of an atrocious murder in Lewis county, Ken-
tucky, and this is only one example of the many
that have occurred in that State during the
last two years. The house of an old man was
entered at night by these two men, Blyew and
Iiinnard, and the old man and his wife were
murdered in the most atrocious and brutal
manner and without any cause whatever. A
small boyof about eleven years of age, agrand-
son, perhaps, of that old, worthy, and respect-
able couple, the man and his wife, was also
beaten by these two men and left for dead.
Not another human being witnessed the mur-
der except these persons and one little child,
who was concealed and was too young to testify.
The only testimony that could be bad in re-
gard to the murder was that of the colored
boy, whom the murderers left for dead but who
recovered. It occurred in my own district, and I
know the circumstances. By the laws of the
State of Kentucky had there been twenty colored
men present at that scene of death there is no
court in the State where one of them could
have opened his mouth to testify against the
murderers. In defiance of your fourteenth
amendment, by laws enforced by men elected
and holding office against its provisions, no
man of color who might have witnessed that
murder could have been heard in the courts of
Kentucky. The perpetrators of the foul deed
were white men, and could not be convicted in
the State courts, because no person of color
could testify against them. But your Federal
courts came to the rescue. The men were
taken to Louisville, tried and convicted in the
United States circuit court, and condemned to
death, and but for the fact that the State of
"Kentucky, under the advice of her Governor,
employs counsel to appeal to the Supreme
Court of the United States, they would have
suffered the penalty of the law ere this.
Now, sir, the spirit of these colored people
of Kentucky is everywhere one of submission
and obedience to law. They are far from being
arrogant. They live there at their peril. To-
day I can walk in broad daylight into the cabin
of any colored man and rob him of all he
possesses in the presence of all his family, and
there is no court of Kentucky that will convict
me ; to-day I can enter the church where one
of the colored ministers preaches to his flock,
and in the presence of his own congregation
drag him from the altar and murder him on
the spot, and there is no court of Kentucky
that can convict me unless a white person saw
the deed. It is against such laws as these,
against the men of Kentucky who uphold these
infamous enactments in direct conflict with
your Constitution and your laws, that this bill
is aimed.
I cannot do better in presenting the cause
of these two hundred and fifty thousand people
of my own State than to read a petition pre-
sented by a mass convention of these people,
held at the city of Lexington in the month of
November, 1867, to the Legislature, asking
only the right to testify in the courts of justice.
I read it because the language is perhaps bet-
ter than I can use:
"Much of the property now constitutingthe aggre-
gate wealth of Kentucky has been acquired or im-
proved, in whole or in part, by our labor. None
know better than the citizens of this State how we
have protected and cared tor both the property and
the lives of our former owners. Suddenly freed by
act of war we were mostly thrown upon our own
resources, without property or means of protecting
what little we now have, the product of our own
toil and care. It is larceny to steal it from us; it is
murder to feloniously deprive one of our people of
his life. Is there any member of your honorable
body who would offer inducement to crime, outia.ge,
and lawlessness by saying that the white man's prop-
erty and the white man's life arc protected under our
law, but the property and the life of a black man
arc unworthy of protection, and beyond the pale of
our law? We hope not; but this is what the law
now says, for we can be despoiled of our property,
our females may be outraged, our school-teachers
phot down at theirdesks, and our ministers murdered
in their pulpits by any person lawless enough to do
so, and the sad history of the past few years must^
convince you that many men, thus lawless, live in
Kentucky, and we have no remedy in the courts, if
the only witnesses happen to have African blood in
their veins, no matter how truthful or intelligent
ttiey may be. On many of tbe lonely farms of our
State, in the absence of the owner the wife-and
daughter are the only white persons remaining.
" llisproperty maybe stolen, his wife and daughter
may be outraged and murdered during his absence, in
the presence ofevery colored servant on the place, by a
white man, and the villian go free of punishment if no
white man witnesses the awlul crime. We believe that
much good will accrue, both to the white and the
black people, when this right of testimony is given
to our people in all cases; and thus society will be
more effectually protected from crime of every char-
acter than it is at present. We do not expect by our
rights of testimony to influence wrongfully the action
of any court or jury, but simply desire the right of
any of our people to go before any court or jury and
testify to matters within their knowledge, the testi-
mony to go f"r what it is worth under the circum-
stances attending every case. And that equal and
exact justice may be administered to both white and
black, we ask that all disqualifications on account of
race or color, in so far as ttiey apply to testifying, be
removed, and that tho plaintiffs and defendants in
every action, whether white or black men, shall be
made competent witnesses, with the right to testify
iu their own behalf, subject only to such exceptions
as are made for white men.
" For this simple act of justice, as a poor and op-
pressed race, we appeal to you by every consideration
of civilization and love of right. And for your favor-
able action will ever pray."
Such was the humble appeal of these people,
citizens of this country, and under the Consti-
tution and laws entitled to all the rights which
we ourselves possess, made to the Legislature
of Kentucky in 1867. That Legislature has sat
through two winters at the capital of the State,
and never so much as a response or a move-
ment has been made by any Democratic mem-
ber of the Legislature in the State looking
to the granting of this simple right asked by
these downtrodden people. Such is the state
of affairs there. Then, sir, I say it behooves
us, as an act of justice to these men whom we
have declared entitled to all the rights and
privileges of citizens by our law, to set aside
the men who now enforce these wrongs against
them.
One word more, and I shall conclude. I
have spoken chiefly iu regard to the third and
fourth sections of the bill reported from the
Committee on the Judiciary. I have a word
to say in regard to the first part of the bill,
that relating to the right of suffrage. As I
have said, 1 have no constitutional arguments
to make on this matter. If I ever had any
doubts in regard to the constitutionality and
the right of Congress to legislate on the sub-
ject of suffrage, as I confess I have had, all
that doubt was removed when this fourteenth
amendment was declared part of the funda-
mental law of the land ; and I am not sure but
the doubts which I had upon the question were
doubts which I ought neverto have entertained.
But, sir, when this fourteenth amendment
was adopted, which made all these people
citizens, and declared that they should he enti-
tled to all the rights and privileges of citi-
zens, I had no longer any doubt as to the con-
stitutional right of the Congress of the United
States to declare that these men shall be voters
in any and every State on the same footing
with white men. You cannot in any manner
so forcibly—I might say you cannot in any
manner at all—secure to a man the protection
of his rights and immunities in any other way
in a free republic like this than by giving into
his hands the ballot.
I have no further constitutional argument to
make; but as a matter of justice, as a matter
of right, as a matter necessary to enforce that
which is already a part of the Constitution of
our country, I give my voice and my vote for
this measure, believing that while we may
secure the same ends by the amendment which
is proposed we shall secure it more efficiently
by the passage of this bill. In so doing we
shall do an act of justice, which, as a party
pledged to the rights of man, we owe to every
citizen of this land. I believe, furthermore,
that every day we hesitate to do this simple act
of justice, we, as the representative body of the
nation, putourselves in the position before the
world of having declared in favor of a principle
which we have not the courage to carry out.
% Mr. MILLER addressed the House. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. BURR. Mr. Speaker, ithas been truly
said that the Republican party is a party of
progress. Whether its progress is in the direc-
tion of the greatest good of the greatest num-
ber is quite a different question. On the limit-
less subject of reconstruction the party has
made startling advances from one position to
another, pausing at each successive advance
only sufficient time to pall its stragglers into
line, satisfy the timid and wavering by declaring
the given step a finality, and thus, having re-
stored confidence among its own adherents,
prepare the way for still more alarming ad-
vances in what it pleases to term the path of
progress.
From the moment when the proclamation of
emancipation was under consideration among
politicians, and being by them urged upon
President Lincoln, down through a series of
events, including the arming of negroes as
soldiers, their recognition as citizens, the be-
stowal upon them of the elective franchise in
the States lately in rebellion, their elevation to
office, and assured control of those States by
means of white disfranchisement, the exclusion
of those States from practical union with the
others until acquiescence could be secured in
these revolutionary measures, until the present
moment, not a plan has been proposed or a
measure advanced on the subject of recon-
struction without a solemn assurance by the
