698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
is now distorted into an admission of the abso-
lute right in Congress to do those very things
which they, in fear, predicted. When it was
proposed to arm negroes and place them in the
army as soldiers those objecting to the meas-
ure—not exclusively Democrats—based their
objection in part upon the assumption that
those who made them soldiers during the war
would ciaim that justice would require that
they be vested with political rights after the
war. Did that objection admit in advance the
justice and policy of enfranchising them at
the close of the war? By no means. During
the pendency of the so-called fourteenth amend-
ment, which assumed to make citizens of ne-
groes, Democrats predicted that in the event
the amendment should be adopted those advo-
cating it would insist that one of the "privi-
leges and immunities" of citizenship was the
elective franchise. And now that such pre-
diction has been verified, are we estopped from
denying that such claim on the part of the
advocates of that amendment is just and well
founded in law and fact ?
These questions indicate the position and
views of those who predicted in an early day
of our. Government that Congress would ulti-
mately wield certain powers to which they
objected. In each case the prediction has been
verified, and in each case the prediction has
been pointed to as a justification in advance
of the very thing to which the objection was
made.
But, sir, we need not resort to doubtful lan-
guage or impassioned utterance to determine
how our fathers viewed this question of power
under the clause in contemplation. 1 will
show what was meant by the word " manner,"
as used in this clause, and it will be found by
high authority to mean just what the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts said it did not
mean. One of the best, if not the very best
of American writers on the Constitution, its
interpretation, limitations, and restrictions, was
Justice Joseph Story. In his comments upon
t.he clause in question he reviews the argu-
ment of those advocating and opposing the
Constitution, or this part of it, and continues:
"Such were the objections, and such was the rea-
soning by which they were met, at the time of the
adoption of the Constitution. A period of forty years
has passed by without anj; atteinptby Congress to
make any regulations, or interfero in the slightest
degree with the eleetious of members of Congress.
Tiie States now regulate the time, the piace, and the
manner of elections, in a practical sense exclu-
sively."
By this extract it will appear that in his
judgment this right in Congress, whatever it
might be, related to the election of members
of Congress exclusively. But he defines what
he understands by flic "manner" as follows:
"The manner is vory various, and perhaps the
power lias been exerted [by States] m some in-
stances under the influence of local or party feelings
to an extent which is indefensible in principle and
policy. There is no uniformity in the choice or in
the mode of election. In someStates thercprescnt-
atives are chosen by a general ticket for the whole
State; in others they are chosen singly in districts;
in others they are chosen in districts composed of a
population sufficient to elect two or three represent-
atives; and in others the districts are sometimes sin-
gle and sometimes united in the choice. In some
States the candidate must have a majority of all the
votes to entitle him to be deemed elected; in others
(as it is in England) it is sufficient if he hasap'urality
of votes. In some of the States the choice is by the
voters viva voce; in others it is by ballot."
Such was the view of this eminent writer as
to what was embraced in the expression " man-
ner of electing ;" and it will be noticed that
while he states the great diversity of manner
in the different States, he refers only to the
districts within which elections are held, the
proportion of votes required by various States
to elect, and the two ways of casting those
votes by the elector.
To illustrate, let me refer to my own State.
Before the census of 1860 was completed Con-
gress apportioned to Illinois thirteen represent-
atives. The State Legislature provided thir-
teen districts wherein they should be severally
elected, but after the adjournment of the Illinois
Legislature, and on full review, Congress de-
cided that the population of that State entitled
it to fourteen Representatives. The session of
the Legislature would not occur in time to cor-
rect the apportionment of congressional dis-
tricts, and the exigencies of the period, as well
as the right of the State, required a full repre-
sentation. Under this right "to regulate the
manner of electingRepresentatives" Congress,
adopting or rather not disturbing the thirteen
districts created by State act, provided by joint
resolution for the election of the fourteenth
member by vote of the whole State. It followed
State action, so far as the State had acted at all,
and where from lack of opportunity the State
had not acted it proceeded in harmony with and
in obedience to all the State regulations, never
once assuming to regulate either the qualifica-
tion of the voter or the deposit of the ballot.
Why, Mr. Speaker, with the great diversity
then and now existing in different States as to
the qualifications of voters, Justice Story would
hardly omit to refer to that fact had he deemed
that question embraced in the expression" man-
ner of electing." We, then, are authorized to
conclude that Story dissents when the learned
and eloquent gentleman from Massachusetts
asserts that the term "manner" embraces
everything from the qualification of the voter
to the deposit of the ballot. But if this quota-
tion from Story be deemed negative in its
character, I refer to his affirmative statements
in another part of his work, where he treats
directly of the qualification of voters. Section
two of article one reads as follows:
" The House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by the people
of the several States; and the electors in each State
shall have the qualifications required for electors of
the most numerous branch of the State Legislature."
After commenting upon the first clause in
this section the learned writer discusses the
qualification of voters, and vindicates the wis-
dom of our fathers in leaving that to be determ
ined by the several States, and in this con-
nection uses the following emphatic language :
" When the revolution brought about the separa-
tion of the colonies and they formed themselves into
independent States a very striking diversity was
observable in the original constitutions adopted by
them, and a like diversity has pervaded all the con-
stitutions of the new States which have since grown
up, and all the revised constitutions of the old States
which have received the final ratification of the peo-
ple. In some of the States the right of suffrage de-
pends upon a certain length of residence and pay-
ment of taxes; in others upon mere citizenship and
residence; ill others upon the possession of a free-
hold or some estate of a particular value, or upon
the payment of taxes or performance of some pub-
lic duty, such as service in the militia or on the
highways. In no two of these State constitutions
will it be found that the qualifications of the voters
are settled upon the same uniform basis. So that we
have the most abundant proofs that among a tree
and enlightened people, convened for the purpose of
establishing their own forms of government and the
rights of their own voters, the question as to the due
regulation of the qualifications has been deemed a
mere matter of State policy, and varied to meet the
wants, to suit the prejudices, and to foster the inter-
ests of the majority."
With this understanding the clause under
consideration was adopted by unanimous vote
in the convention of 1787, and in commenting
upon it the Federalist makes the passing re-
mark, '' It must be satisfactory to every State,
because it is conformable to the standard
already established by the State itself."
The next clause relied on by those claiming
this power is as follows:
"The United States shall guaranty to every Stato
in this Union a republican form of government."
Having on a former occasion given my views
of this clause I will be very brief in consider-
ing it here. It is assumed by those advocating
congressional power over States that the word
"guarantee" is used in the sense of making,
erecting, building. This error leads to others
still more grave, which would sanction a tyran-
nical usurpation on the part of Congress in
entering into a State, and under pretense of
guarantying a republican form of government
impose one repugnant to all the ideas of our
fathers. The truth is, when properly under-
stood, this clause is really a safeguard against
intervention from abroad as well as from the
effectof violentoutbreakathome. The States
as such existed at the time this clause was
adopted. Each had a form of government, and
in yielding in part their sovereignty to a gen-
eral government by express grant and enumer-
ated powers they naturally desired some assur-
ance that the power they were yielding for the
general good would not in turn be used for the
destruction of their preexisting State govern-
ments. Being called on to surrender the power
to make war or keep armies or create fleets,
the States respectively desired some assurance
that in case their existence or either of them
should be threatened some Power would, if
necessary, make war in their defense; in other
words, defend their governments to them as they
theu existed, or as they might thereafter see fit
to change them. They did not wish Congress
to make or create governments for them, but
only to guaranty, and the very term "guaran-
tee" presupposes the existence of the thing to
be guarantied. That I am right in this con-
struction I will show by the same author I have
heretofore quoted. After vindicating the neces-
sity of the clause in question, he states in form
of a question the strongest view our antagonists
urge, and himself proceeds to answer it:
"It may be asked what need there could be of such
a precaution, and whether it may not become a pre-
text for alterations in the State governments without
the concurrence of the States themselves. These
questions admit of ready answers. If the interposi-
tion of tbeGeneral Government should not be needed
the provision for such an event will be a harmless
superfluity only in the constitution. But who can say
what experiments may be produced by the caprice
of particular States, by the ambition ot enterprising
leaders, or by the intrigue of foreign Powers? To the
second question it may be answered that if the Gen-
eral Government should interpose by virtue of this
constitutional authority it will be of course bound to
pursue the authority. Butthe authority extends no
further than to a guarantee of a republican form of
government, which supposes a preexisting govern-
ment of the form which is to be guarantied. As long,
therefore, as the existing republican forms are con-
tinued by the States they areguaran tied bytheFederal
Constitution. Whenever the States may cho se to
substitute other republican forms thoy have a right
to do so, and to claim the Federal guarantee for the
latter. The only restriction imposed on them is that
they shall not exchange republican for anti-repub-
lican constitutions; a restriction which,it is presumed,
will hardly be considered a grievance."
By this, sir, it will be seen that the continued
governments of the States under their own
chosen forms was secured by this very clause,
and in adopting it it was pledged to those
States not only that Congress would not itself
interfere with their several State governments,
but would neither permit foreign or domestic
foes to interfere. Such was the nature of the
guarantee, and properly considered it pledged
Congress aerainst just such intervention in State
affairs as this bill provides.
Bat, sir, the next argument is that this
amendment is necessary to " preserve the life
of the nation." Great God ! what outrages
have not been perpetrated under pretense of
" saving the life of the nation ! " Under that
pretense liberty of speech has been denied,
the press has been muzzled or perverted, the
right of the citizen outraged, and his person
incarcerated in dungeons in violation of law;
and now, under the same pretense, the States
which furnish the foundation upon which the
superstructure of Union is based are to be
degraded to the lowest level for the mere sake
of party and to secure party results in future.
"The life of the nation!" Why, sir, the rights
of States constitute the life of the nation, not
the pernicious doctrine of State's lights asserted
by Massachusetts in resisting the fugitive slave
law, nor by South Carolina in asserting con-
trol of Federal property within the limits of
the State, but the doctrine based on a balance
of power admitting variety, yet maintaining
harmony throughout the whole system. It is
the doctrine asserted by the State of Illinois
in her sovereign capacity, adopting a State
motto: "State sovereignty; national Union."
Speaking of Illinois reminds me of the last
test vote in that State on the subject of polit-
ical rights to the negro. The proposition was
squarely submitted to the people, "Shall ne-
groes have the right of the ballot in Illinois ?"
and by over one hundred thousand majority
our people answered," No."
That was in 1862. Has any event happened
since 1862 to satisfy this Congress that Illinois
is more ready for mixed suffrage in 1869 than
