1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
m
titled " An act in relation to the competency
of witnesses, and for other purposes," reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the some committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 726) to authorize
imprisonment with hard labor as a punishment
in certain eases, reported it without amend
merit.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 727) to provide
for the trial and punishment of accessories to
criminal offenses, reported adversely thereon,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 728) to repeal an
act entitled " An act to prevent the importa-
tion of certain persons into certain States where
by the laws thereof their admission is prohib-
ited," reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 348) to pro-
vide for holding terms of the United States
district court for the western district of Mis-
souri at St. Joseph and the city of Kansas, in
said State, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred a petition of citizens of Kansas
and a petition of citizens of Massachusetts
asking that suffrage may be extended to women
in the District of Columbia, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration, and
that thev be referred to the Committee on the
District'of Columbia ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. Philip John-
son, praying for the passage ot a law to compel
landlords t.o comply with their leases, asked
to bedischarged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, irom the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the American
Missionary Association, praying the adoption
of measures for the protection ot loyal persons
an the South in the enjoyment of their civil
l ights, asked to be discharged from its further
fonsidtraiion ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
"Wits referred th.6 rcsolutiou submitted by Mr.
Harlan, on December 19, 18ii8, that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary be instructed to in-
quire into the expediency of reporting a bill
for the apportionment ot Representatives in
Congress m accordance with the provisions of
section two of the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution of the Liuited btates, asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on" Pensions, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. it. No. 190) granting a pension
to Mrs. Mary Lincoln^ widow ot the ]ate i
-dent of the United States, who was killed
during the war of the rebellion, submitted a
report; which w&s ordered to b© punted.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 075) to incorporate the United
Slates Accident and Life Insurance Company,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 069) to incorpo-
rate the National Junction Railway Company,
reported it with amendments. _
Mr DRAKE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 172) relative to Captain
Thomas H. Stevens, United States Navy, re-
ported adversely thereon, and submitted a
reuort; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1746) for the removal of certain disabil-
ities from persons therein named, reported it
with amendments.
BILLS INTRODUCED-
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (e.
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 45.
No. 850) for the relief of Mrs. Louisa Mc-
Dougall : which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 851) providing for the sale of lands to aid
in the construction of the West Virginia Cen-
tral railroad; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee ou Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAKLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 852) for the relief of the Drew Theological
Seminary, of Madison, New Jersey; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
853) to aid the Memphis, El Paso, and Pacific
Railroad Company, of Texas, in the construc-
tion of a railroad and line of telegraph from
the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean, and
to secure to the Government of the United
States the use of the same for postal, military,
and other purposes; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. Hi RLAN. I introduce this bill at the
request of the friends of the bill. I have not
read the bill, and do not know that 1 shall be
able to approveof it. I move that it be printed
and referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
854) to further the administration of justice;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
theCommitteeon the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WELCH asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
855) to relieve sundry citizens of Florida from
disabilities; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 210) concerning certain
lands granted to the State of Michigan to aid
in the construction of certain wagon roads;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
STEAM BR CONGRESS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask leave to offer a
resolution of inquiry :
Beiohed. That th Secretary of State bo, and.he is
her. by, requested to transmit to tlieSenate copies ot
B'lnera filed in the Department of State, October 9,
1866 relative to the claim ot Owen Thoru and others
a<Miust the British Government fur indemnity for
losses sustained by ihc detention of the steamer
Congress by the Ciiuu.di*i.n authorities.
1 ask for its present consideration if there be
no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. It will raise a question as
to the form 
Mr. STEWART. I object, then.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution goes over.
FINANCIAL STATISTICS.
Mr. POOL submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to communicate to the Senate, forthe pur-
pose of being printed tor use, a statistical statement
prepared in the Treasury Department, being a com-
pilation of statistical, historical, and financial mat-
ter referring solely to this Government and compiled
from its records, irom its organization to the present
period.
AMENDMENTS TO BILLS.
Mr. RICE. I ask leave to offer an amend-
ment to the bill (EL. R. No. 1276) for the sale
of the Hot Springs reservation m Arkansas,
which I ask to have referred to the Committee
on Private Land. Claims and ordered to be
j P The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
1 will be made.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs to give notice that
when the bill (H. R. No. 1599} making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year
ending June 80, 1870, shall be under consider-
ation I shall move an amendment, which. I
now submit, and ask to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so referred.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the Eouse had passed a bill (H.
R. No. 1714) to close the land system in cer-
tain States, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate to
the bill (H R. No. 394) confirming title to
Little Rock Island, in the Mississippi river.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills ; and they were thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 833) for the relief of Rufus
M. Hollister, of Janesville, Wisconsin ;
A bill (II. R. No, 1751) in relation to the
appointment of midshipmen frota the lately
reconstructed States; and
A bill (H. R. No. 894) confirming title to
Little Rock Island, in the Mississippi river. -
SUFFRAGE CONSTITUTION A L AMENDMENT. ^
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The order
of the day is the joint resolution (S. R. No. 8)
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, which is now before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, upon
which question the Senator from Connecticut
[Mr. Dixon] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, the import-
ance and the gravity of the subject now under
consideration by the Senate ought to lift its
discussion out of the region of mere party poli-
tics, and elevate the Senate in its consideration
into an atmosphere purer and higher than that
of mere paity controversy ; tor, sir, it is not,
pel haps, too much to Say that this is the most
important question iu many of its bearings
which has ever been presented to Congress in
the shape of a proposed constitutional amend-
ment.
What is the question? Tt is not merely a
question of suffrage. That of itself is a sub-
ject of vast importance, and is now agitating
the public mind of this country to a very great
extent. The question whether the lemale sex
should be permitted to participate in the privi-
lege ot suffrage, whether other restrictions
should be removed, the question of age, the
question of property, a multitude of questions
are or may be raised which are vastly important
and interesting in connection with the right
of suffrage. But, sir, we are not now dealing
merely with the qualification of voters. The
question is not what shall be the qualifications
of the voter, but who shall create, establish,
and prescribe those qualifications; not who
shall be the voter, but who shall make the
voter.
In considering that question we ought to
remember that it is utterly impossible that any
State should be an independent republic which
does not entirely control its own laws with
regard to the right of suffrage. Nordoes it make
the slightest difference with regard to this that
any abdication or abnegation of its power is
voluntary. It may be said that it is proposed
that the States shall voluntarily relinquish their
power to control the subject of suffrage within
their respective limits. Sir, suppose a State
should voluntarily assume upon itself a foreign
yoke, or declare by a majority of its own peo-
ple. or even uy a unanimous vo te, that it would
prefer a monarchy, would the tact of its being
voluntary at all affect the question whether it
was still au independent republic?
Now, sir, it may be that the people of this
