1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
707
submit a proposition of this character to the
Legislatures of all the States having the same
views as i lie Legislature of Ohio, chosen a year
ami a half ago. That, sir, is what yea propose
to do. because it happens that the Legislatures
are in favor of your proposition. VVouId you
do it if -they w-ere against -it?
A word further as to the question whether
this is a submission to ihe people. When the
Constitution was formed provision Was made
*liat. amendments to it might,-be submitted to
the Legislatures or to conventions in the vari-
ous States. XDf course the intention was that
Congress should select and judge as between
these forms of submission ; but can any man
suppose that at. that period in the history of
•Our country it was ever supposed that ques-
tions of amendments to the Constitution would
•come to be party questions, submitted with
party views, and to a party majority ? I do
not reproach anybody that that should now be
the fact. It is, perhaps, a necessity of the
case, and cannot well be otherwise ; but when
the Constitution was formed there was probably
■no anticipation of such a stare of things, and
therefore when it. was proposed to submitques-
tions of amendment to Legislatures or con-
ventions the meaning and intent was that the
people should have an opportunity to act, that
they should at least have an opportunity to
elect those Legislatures or those conventions
with reference to the consideration of die pro-
posed amendments.
But suppose now you say that this question
■shall be considered by the Legislatures of the
States, and not, by conventions. Then, from the
very necessity of the case, you must place it
before bodies actually chosen by the people
before the question was presented. It is im-
possible, in Riy judgment, for Congress by any
particular phraseology of their submission of
the proposition, to prevent an existing Legis-
lature Irons acting on a question submitted.
The Legislature©! Ohio chosen two years ago,
if this subject is submitted before they go out
•of existence, have a right, to act on it. The
Legislature of Connecticut now existing, if the
proposition were submitted in season, might be
•called together by the Governor and act upon
it. You cannot prevent it. Therefore it seems
to me that it isabsolutely essential, in order to
get the action of the people on this question,
that it should be submitted to bodies to be
elected by themselves subsequently, to wit,
conventions, because you cannot control the
•question of submission to the Legislatures'.
But I was more particularly upon the point
of the technical consideration of this question
by the people. 1 think that the Senate of the
United States in a question of this gravity and
this importance ought, not to stand upon tech-
nicalities. They ought not to insist that a mere
submission de jure shall be sufficient when
there is no submission and can necessarily be
no submission de facto, and there are peculiar
reasons in the present case why such a sub-
mission should not be insisted upon.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] said yesterday that he had no doubt that
the Republican party had lost, I think tie said,
seven hundred and fifty thousand votes by this
question of colored suffrage. I will not con-
tend with him as to the number of votes they
may have gained or lost, but I cannot but think
as tie said, that that possibly was a reason why
under his guidance and control and that of
other distinguished Senators the Chicago Re-
publican national convention not only ignored
tins question, but actually declared a doctrine
utterly in opposition to this proposed amend-
ment. That convention assembled last spring
in Chicago. They were compelled to meet this
question. It was one of those questions which
could not be avoided. It would not do to say
that suffrage should be granted in accordance
with the letter and spirit of the Constitution,
as they said the debt should be paid in accord-
ance with the letter and spirit of the law. They
were obliged to say something definite. It was
true they could not satisfy my honorable friend
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] nor the
Anti-Slavery Standard. In that paper their
course was very severely condemned, and I
suppose my friend from Massachusetts would
condemn it. But what did they say ? Their
resolution on this subject was read yesterday
by the Senator from Indiana,[Mr. Hendricks.]
I will dwell upon it but for a single moment.
•This is the Chicago resolution:
" The guarantee by Congress of equal suffrageto all
loyal men at the South was demanded by every con-
sideration of public safety, of gratitude, and of jus-
tice, ana dust be maintained."
That is explicit. So much was. to be done
by act of Congress. The resolution then pro-
ceeds :
" "While the question of suffrage in all the loyal
btates properly belongs to the people of thoseStates."
The honorable Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] attempted to show that the true in-
tent and meaning of this was that the subject
'should be left to the people of the States by a
constitutional amendment. Why, sir, if he
will look at this resolution for a single moment
he will see that it makes a distinction which
the proposed amendment to the Constitution
does not make and cannot make between the
several States. There was to be one mode of
action as to the southern States and one mode
as to the northern States. Can you do that
by a constitutional amendment? The fact that
the two are separated and divided conclusively
proves that the convention had in view a differ-
ent mode as to the two. Congress was to 111
terfere as to the one, the people of the northern
States were to regulate as to the other. The
people of all the States? By 110 means. The
people of the States interested—the loyal
States—had preserved their powers and rights
inviolate, whereas the southern States had
sacrificed theirs by rebellion, and it was there-
fore necessary for the General Government to
interfere in their case. That was the plain
meaning.
Ijhis is conclusive against the construction
given to it by those who say that the object
and end of the resolution was that Congress
should propose an amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States by which the people
might regulate it, for that amendment must
include the whole country and cannot include
merely a part of the States.
How was it understood in point of fact? I
did not share very largely in the discussions
during the last canvass, although I had very
firm and decided convictions with regard to
what ought to be done. In the discussions be-
fore the people in all the northern States the
ground was taken by all the orators of the Re-
publican party, almost without exception, that
the questiou of suffrage was to be left to the
States for their separate action. The honora-
ble Senator fiom Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who
had the kindness to send me his able speech ;
the honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Henderson,] who did me the same favor;
and other Senators, with the exception of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner]—every one of their great orators be-
fore the people in that exciting canvass took the
ground that this question was to be left to the
States in their separate State action, and if any
constitutional amendment was to be made it
was to be an amendment to the State constitu-
tions made by the people of the respective
States. I have some indistinct recollection that
my colleague took the same ground. At any
rate it was never claimed anywhere, in any
newspaper from the New York Tribune down
to the humblest organ of the party, that the
intent and meaning of the resolution to which
I have referred was that Congress at this ses-
sion should propose a constitutional amend-
ment to Legislatures chosen in November last.
Why, sir, if it had been so your Legislatures
would have been of a very different character,
in my humble judgment.
Therefore 1 say that not only from the im-
portance of this question as subverting the
character of the Government, but also from
the pledged faith of the great Republican party,
acting in solemn council, declaring and promul-
gating its principles, stating to the people what
would be its action in case it should receive a
renewal of their confidence—in view of all this,
I say that this Republican party is bound ia
solemn honor, at least, to submit this question,
in fact, to the people; to give them an oppor-
tunity to be heard upon the subject, lour
convention, at least, said that it should be left
to the people of the States. 1f you say now
that you meantby "people" existing Legisla-
tures, or Legislatures to be chosen on the day
when General Grant was chosen, do you sup-
pose that if this had been so understood the
result would have been precisely what it was?
I do not speak of party results; but would
legislators have been chosen, precisely such
as were chosen, if the people had supposed
that the great question of the right of the
States to continue their existence as inde-
pendent republics was to be decided—a ques-
tion far greater than the question whether a
negro or a Chinaman shall vote?
1 say, then, in solemn honor you are bound,
and you cannot, as men of honor and of char-
acter, refuse to submit the question to the
actual, genuine sense of the people, nor can
you hide yourselves safely and honorably be-
hind technicalities, and say that when the ques-
tion is submitted to the Legislatures already
chosen it is presumed to be submitted to the
people.
Sir,-I do not wish to bring railing accusa-
tions against the leaders of the Republican
party, but 1 beg leave to suppose a case. I beg
leave to suppose that the Democratic party ia
national convention had pledged itself by a sol-
emn resolution to carry out a certain hue of
policy ; that upon that line of policy it had suc-
ceeded in carrying the popular vote, and had
elected the honorable candidate for whom its
members voted to the office of President of
the United States. Suppose, for example, the
pledge had been on the question of the national
debt and the Democratic party had resolved
in solemn convention that the debt should be
paid in gold, and upon that pledge of their
faith and honor the confiding people of the
country, not believing it possible that a great
party, an honored party, a party which had
inherited the glory and the fame of Jefferson
and Madison and Jackson, could violate its
pledged word, and 111 that confidence had
elected a President and a Congress and State
Legislatures in accordance with the views of
the Democratic party ; suppose they had met
here to-day in the Senate of the United States,
controlling it by more than a two-thirds vote,
and controlling also the House of Represent-
atives, and in violation of their pledge had
passed a resolution repudiating the public debt.
What, would be said of them ? Does it require
a very great stretch of imagination to suppose
that the leaders of a party who had thus vio-
lated their honor would have been held up
to popular scorn and indignation; that tliey
would have been stamped with infamy as vio-
lators of faith, as having obtained power by
false pretenses, and that the leaders who de-
vised and suggested such a palpable breach of
faith would have been expelled by the common
sentiment of mankind from the association of
honest and honorable gentlemen throughout
the world? Nor would any quibbling gloss or
subtlety of interpretation by the leaders of the
Democratic party, by which the words of the
pledge were claimed to be complied with while
its true spirit and meaning were violated, ren-
der the proceeding any the less contemptible,
any the less worthy of the detestation of honest
men.
Sir, I have supposed the Democratic party
to have been guilty of such an outrage. Mu-
tate nomine,, de te fabula narratur.
" Change but the name
Of thee the tale is told."
Or in another form, more scriptural, "Thou
art the man." Now, sir, in saying this I do
not mean to say that the leaders of the Repub-
lican party, as individuals, intend to violate
their pledges any more than I should be will-
ing to believe the Democratic party capable of
