708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
such an outrage. They scorn to violate a'ny,
the slightest implication, by which their honor
is involved and pledged in private life; and so
I trust they will do in public life. I would not
be so offensive as even to suppose that the party
in power would ever by any possibility violate
knowingly and intentionally a pledge they had
made to the whole people in their party plat-
form; and still, Senators, this is the brink of
the precipice upon which, in my judgment, you
stand, if you refuse to submit this question in
honor and in good faith to the actual vote of
the people of the United States.
I think I may say more. I think you are
pledged not to attempt to amend the Constitu-
tion of the United States on the question of
suffrage in the States, but to leave it to the
people of the States to amend, if they see fit,
their own State constitutions. That is my be-
lief as to the meaning of this resolution ; but
without insisting on this extreme view of the
case, I only now say that you are at least under
obligations to give the people an opportunity
to say whether or not they are willing, by the
adoption of this amendment, to subvert their
old form of government and become subject
provinces to an external power. There is no
possible mode by which you can give them this
opportunity except by submitting the question
of the ratification of the amendment to con-
ventions of the people, as proposed in the
amendment which 1 shall offer.
Mr. President, I have already said that the
question before the Senate is not merely a
question of suffrage,- but that it goes to the
very foundation of republican government and
strikes at the power of the States to determine
and establish, each for itself, the qualification
of its own voters. It in important to bear in
inind this distinction. There are in the State
of Connecticut, and doubtless in all the States,
many who are in favor of universal suffrage
without distinction of race or color, who yet
cling to the right of each State to decide as
to the qualifications of its own voters. The
pending constitutional amendment proposes to
transfer this power from the States to the Gen-
eral Government by the consent of three-fourths
of the States; but the character of the Govern-
ment is no less changed by this mode of effect-
ing the alteration than if it were done by act
of Congress. All the States will not consent
to the change, and those States which do not
thus consent will be deprived by external
power of the essential characteristic of self-
government as completely as if the change
were made by a more law of Congress.
Furthermore, those States which consent to
the amendment are merely the artificers of
their own ruin as coramunidesentilled to local
self-government. They destroy freely and vol-
untarily, but yet they not the less destroy their
character as independent States of this Union,
liven the consent of a State, however freely
rendered, would not prevent the necessary con-
sequence, namely, the loss of the vital and
essential element of self-government, consist-
ing in the power of deciding freely, independ-
ently, and without appeal upon the qualifica-
tions of voters. Therefore it will be found
that many advocates of negro suffrage will con-
demn and oppose this attempt to overthrow
theStatsgovernmentsand reduce them to utter
insignificance by the establishment of the prin-
ciple involved in this amondmeut. They are
unwilling to see the ancient Commonwealths
which won our national independence and
formed our national Government, together
with their younger sisters who fill up the num-
ber of our United States, reduced from the
proud position of independent, self governing
republics to the humble and helpless condition
of subject provinces whose people exercise the
right of suffrage under conditions and regula-
tions imposed by a central power.
For myself 1 can spt-ak only for Connecticut.
For a bnef period 1 may still speak for her in
this Senate Chamber: and fur tier and her peo-
ple I protest against this proposal to strip ber
of the distinguishing badge of her sovereignty,
the chief remaining sign and evidence-that she
is still the proud republic which she has been
for more than two hundred years, and I trust
for untold centuries will continue to be. In
her own good time and by her own will and
pleasure she may, when she sees fit, extend, as
she has heretofore, in the exercise of her un-
doubted and unquestioned right seeufitto deny,
to the colored race the right of suffrage; mean-
while she inflicts on that race no wrong. If her
constitution forbids their voting, her statutes
also exempt them from all taxation. It is possi-
ble that she would sooner or later, if left to the
exercise of her own generous and just convic-
tions of duty, in view of the general enfran-
chisement of the blaclc race, extend the same
privilege to her own colored population, but I
think 1 may safely say that her people will
not willingly consent that her ancient laws on
this subject shall be altered by the action of
other States. Whatever she does in this regard
she must do voluntarily and freely. When she'
acts she must grant, or at least acknowledge
and confer, a privilege; not like a galley-slave,
be scourged to the performance of a neglected
duty. For myself, I cannot conceive how any
true son of Connecticut who cherishes her stain-
less honor and high renown, and feels a just
pride in her illustrious history, can consent
that she should be compelled by the action of
any external power to strike from her consti-
tution provisions relating to suffrage which she
has deliberately established and persistently
maintained. I trust no such humiliation is in
store for that proud and patriotic State. Now,
as ever, she is proverbial for her spirit of inde-
pendence and for her unyielding resolution to
manage her domestic affairs, civil andreligious,
in her own way.
"For still her ;rr:iy rocks tower above the sea
That crouches at her feet, a conquered wave.
'Tis a rough land, of earth, and stone, and tree,
Whore brcathesnocastled lord oreabined slave,
Where thoughts, and tongues, and hands, are bold
and tree.
And friends will find a welcome, foes a grave ;
And where none kneel save when to heaven*they
■ pray,
Nor even then, unless in their own way."
Mr. POMEllOY. Mr. President, I desire to
have read for the information of the Senate, it
not being strictly in order at this moment, an
amendment which I shall propose at the proper
time to this pending question before the Senate.
The PRESIDEN'l pro tempore. The pro-
posed amendment will be read if there be no
objection.
There being no objection, the Chief Clerk
read the amendment intended to be proposed
by Mr. Pomeroy, as follows :
Strike out, in lines fourteen and fifteen, the words
" on nceount of race, color, or previous condition of
servitude," and in lieu thereof insert '* for any rea-
sons not equally applieabtc to all citizens of the Uni-
ted States;" so as to read:
The right of citizens of the United States to vote
and hold office shall not be denied or abridged by the
United StatesoranyStatefor aoyreasons notequally
applicable to all citizens of the United States.
Mr. MORTON. With the permission of the
Senator from Kansas, I will ask to have the
amendment reported by the Committee on Rep-
resentative Reform read for the information of
the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. Relating to this subject?
Mr. MORTON. The amendment was sub-
mitted yesterday to that committee by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buckalew.]
The PRES1DEN F pro tempore. It will be
read if there be no objection.
The Chief Ci.ekk. It is proposed to amend
the resolution so as to make it read :
That the following articles bo proposed to the
Legislatures of the several States as amendments to
tho Constitution of the United States; and the said
articles, or cither of them, when ratified by three
fourths of said Legislatures, shall be validas part of
i the Constitution, namely.
J And then to add as a new article :
i A rtiole 16. The second clause, first section, see-
; oi:d jruelo of tV-o Constitution of the United States
i sin.,1 be amended to read as follows: "E.ieh State
! shnd appoint, by a vote of the people th reof quali-
fied lo vole tor Representatives m Confcresi, a num-
ber oi electors equal to the whole nuuiber of Sena-
tors a:.(I Representatives to which the State may be
entitled m the Congress ; but no Senator or Repre-
sentative or person holding an office of trust or
profit under the United States shall be appointed an
elector; and the Congress shall have power to pre-
scribe the manner in which such electors shall be
chosen by the people."
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, during the
discussion of this question yesterday the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] made
use of the following words, as reported in the
Globe;
"There is not to-day a square mile in the United
States where the advocacy of the equal rights and
privileges of those colored men has not been in the
past and is not now unpopular."
And then he goes on to say that on every
square mile the Republican party lost votes by
its advanced views upon the question of equal
rights. I only desire to reply to that in a word,
as I did not have an opportunity then, that
that is only one side-view of this question.
Let it be known in this country that the Repub-
lican party have abandoned the cause of the
rights of man, of the rights of the colored men
of this country, and instead of losing a few
thousand votes, as the Senator from Massachu-
setts intimated, I apprehend that the party
itself would not be worth preserving. The
strength of the Republican party consists in its
adherence to principle, and to that embodi-
ment of its principles, equality of rights among
men. Without that, I repeat, there would be
no motive to sustain the party, and the party
would not be worth sustaining. It is, to my
mind, all that makes it valuable. It was that
for which it was organized ; and instead of
being source of weakness it ie, in my opinion,
a source of strength and power.
But I have had read the amendment which
I propose to offer to the present constitutional
amendment for the purpose of discussing this
question still further. My amendment pro-
vides that no State nor the United States shall
make any inequalities that are not equally
applicable to all citizens. If you want a con-
dition of intelligence, of education, of any
quality that applies equally to all, it can be
adopted by the States under the amendment
that I have proposed. I shall now take it upon
me in a few brief words to demonstrate the
proposition that inequality of rights secured in
either constitution or law is a source of weak-
ness.
Mr. President, by this amendment I mean
something more than an hour's delay in the
passage of this joint resolution. To delay it
is no pleasure to me; I am but too anxious
for it to become part of the fundamental law.
And I would not support this amendment to
the amendment but from the conviction 1 en-
tertain that the Constitution will be incomplete
without it. Indeed, I hold it will be radically
def'ective without this amendment. The great
error of the past, when the Constitution was
formed, grew out of inequalities among men, as
itrespects their rights. Ithas been the contest
of the century, and it finally culminated in a legal
dogma, pronounced some years ago by one of
the justices of the Supreme Court, that one
class had no rights which the other was bound
to respect. To deprive a citizen of any one
right will tend to produce the extinction of all.
And the right to take the least prepares, if not
justifies, the way to take die whole. 1 know
Senators are in haste to pass this resolution,
but the opportunity does not often occur to
amend the organic law of a nation. It may
not come to us again in a lifetime, and what, is
worth doing atallisworthdoingwell and right.
I approach this question filled with distrust and
some misgivings, knowing as I do that the
views I entertain are not accepted and adopted
as the accredited principles of the majority of
this Senate with whom 1 act. But upon ques-
tions of private judgment and personal belief
we are accustomed to extend the greatest lib-
erality and to exercise that "charity which
vaunteth not itself" and "is not puffed up"
with immaculate self-conceit, but " bearethall
things" and "never faileth." For the exer-
cise of that charity I plead.' To an attractive
entertainment I cannot invite you without pre-
monitions of sure disappointment. A plain
and honest effort to set forth the truth.in faith-
