1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
fulness and with candor is all that I shall
aspire to.
The fathers who framed our Constitution
"sowed to the wind " when they admitted into
that instrument the shadow of the substance,
afterward claimed, that there could be a class
of persons of which it would take five to make
three of the average representative weight.
Ajid in our day and tune "we reaped the whirl-
wind." I know they were not ca.lled slaves, but
it matters not so much what a thing is called
as what it means. It meant that they were to
be held, each one, as but three fifths of a man
for the purposes of representation. And that
was the first inequality admitted into that im-
mortal instrument which had on its title page
those glorious words, radiant with light and
promise to the lowly and oppressed:
"That all men are created equal; that they are
endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable
rights, among which are life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness,"
This was a monstrous inconsistency, which
has marred the beauty of that instrument as
well as the peace and honor of the country for
a hundred years.
Now, Mr. President, I do not want to strike
upon such a rock again. We have hauled up
the old ark of the Constitution for repairs, and
I want above all other things to secure it against
the possibility of the admission that there can
be inequalities of rights among citizens. It
matters not in what those inequalities consist;
if they relate to and impair the rights of the
citizen, even the poorest and the weakest,
they are fatal and destructive to the safety and
peace of the Government and to its character
as a model of republicanism to the world, and
also to the well-beiBg of those whose rights are
destroyed or abridged. Amend the Constitu-
tion to-day and leave in the possibility of the
rights of any of our citizens being insecure or
destroyed or neglected, and you have per-
fected nothing. A contest will go on until we
or some more faithful men who come after
us shall complete the work neglected at this
moment by us.
The work of reorganization, made a neces-
sity by the war, cannot be perfected throughout
the nation with the rights of any citiz en imper-
fectly or partially secured. Complete justice,
fairly secured equally to all, is the highest
expediency and the only safety; and, tb-ank
God,1' to that complexion it must come at last."
The period of the surrender of Lee and John-
ston, terminating the existence of armed rebel-
lion in this country, and the months following
the assassination of President Lincoln, will ever-
more be held sacred, as it opened the era of
reconstruction, not in the South alone, but
throughout the North and the West. Having
pulled down by fire and sword, by law and Con-
stitution, it became a necessity to build up.
The States having been disorganized and their
governments overthrown, it was a work of no
ordinary magnitude to "bajld again the old
waste piaces" and to "lay the foundations of
many generations." The demoralization which
led to disorganization grew out of a false con-
ception of the rights aud duties of the citizen,
and injustice, organized into the Government
and sustained as a system, soon worked its
overthrow.
Gathering lessons from the past,„it now be-
comes a most solemn duty to inquire how to
lay the foundations of a government that will
stand securely both as against its dissatisfied
citizens within and its jealous and opposing
enemies from without. To give strength and
character to any form of government there
must be entire fairness and equality among all
its citizens subject to it. Injustice framed into"
law or put into the Constitution is destined to
work its overthrow. You can make an edifice
of granite and marble stand upon the drifting
sand sooner and better than you can found and
maintain a Government whose foundations are
not laid securely in impartial justice and in an
equality of rights, obligations, and duties where
the conditions are equal.
The framers of our form of republican gov-
ernment copied after no model. Indeed, there
was no precedent in history, ancient or modern,
for the American form of republican govern-
ment. One thing, from their long and bitter
experience, the fathers surely intended to avoid,
namely, placing the power of this Government
into the hands of one man or one class of men,
be it president, king, or cabinet. Indeed, this
Government was ordained by and for tbe people:
"We, the people of the United States, in order to
form a more perfect union, secure domestic tran-
quillity, provide for the corn irion defense, and to pro-
mote the general welfare, &a., do ordain and estab-
lish this Constitution and Government."
•The power of a Government must rest some-
where. And it became a most serious ques-
tion where and who should be regarded as the
safest depository of political power. The fathers
said "the people," and all the people. If the
few are safer than the many, then the fewer
the better. And why not let the divine right
of kings and cabinets be at once established,
so that the work of the fathers upon this con-
tinent may speedily come to an end? But if
the people are safer to guard the precious trust
of government than any mere individuals, why
not alt the people? Why trust a part sooner
than the whole? The safety of a Government,
I apprehend, lies in the patriotism, loyalty,
virtue, and love of man, as well as of God, in
the hearts of the people. This is not alone
found in schools or books or in men alone of
family name and descent.
The safety of a good Government is secured
when it rests near to the hearts of good men
and women—the people—whether wise or un-
wise, whether learned or unlearned, in books
or schools. The very instinct of virtue and a
love of human kind, binding indissolubly the
citizen in the one bond of equality of rights,
where liberty is secured in the law and the law
made, upheld, and executed by the citizen,
now forms and cements to some extent this
national Government, which will tower in its
magnificence and stand forever, provided that
in this work of reconstruction we allow no
injustice, no inequality among citizens, 110
proscription of rights, either civil or political.
It is worthy of an inquiry here, and without
proceeding further, who are the citizens under
our Government entitled to the high preroga-
tive of forming and upholding the civil Govern-
ment? I answerin the language of the funda-
mental law, article fourteen of the amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States,
section one:
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, shall
be citizens, &c., and no State shall make any law
abridging the rights of citizens."
The citizens, then, of the United States are
the body-politic, possessing the power of the
Government and alone the basis of its strength
and power. We might inquire, if the question
admitted of doubt, whether it is a source of
weakness or strength in a Government ordained
like ours to make inequalities among her citi-
zens who have forfeited no rights aud been
convicted of no crime.
The irresistible tendency of modern civiliza-
tion is in the direction of the extension of the
right of suffrage, and not at all toward pro-
scription. The day when a few men did the
voting and governing for the many has gone by.
Seven hundred thousand colored men were
enfranchised in a day, and they have not dis-
appointed the reasonable expectations which
were entertained by them. They were un-
learned and, for the most part, ignorant men.
But instinct is wiser than logic. The negro
has blended and is lost sight of in the man.
Manhood suffrage is now held to be the native
and the inherent right of every male citizen of a
prescribed age ; and some there are who claim
the enfranchisement of negro and rebel to-
gether. But is there no injustice in com-
pleting the work of reconstruction upon such
a basis ? Are not the men ami the women cit-
izens of the Republic alike? And how can
there be in a just Government an equality of
citizens with a proscription of rights ? I mean,
of any of their rights:
" For whatever link you strike from Nature's chain,
Tenth or ten thousandth, you break the chain
alike."
And as tlie strength of a chain is only equal
to the weakest link, so the strength of this
Government is tested, to failure when any of
its links are sundered and alienated. Any man
who supposes that you can disfranchise any
innocent citizen, with the lights of the past
blazing in his face, has become blind, and will
not or cannot read the lessons of experience.
The ballot is its own instructor. It is an edu-
cator. It teaches, and it speaks a language,
and that for human rights. It is the great
vindicator and protector of individual and per-
sonal, no less than of national honor and
character. But human nature, claiming its
rights, has no sex; the mind and the soul have
no gender, and there is no blending of the
responsibility of one citizen into that of another.
Sir, the criminal for himself or herself goes
alone to dungeon or scaffold. To his own
master he standeth, -falleth ; and by no inge-
nuity or contrivance can the responsibility of
one citizen be shifted upon the shoulders of
another. In the primary and individual capa-
city must each speak, vote, pray, believe, love,
hate, live, and die for himself or herself alone.
Stamped upon every soul is an individual char-
acter and individual responsibilities which can
neither be laid asideuor transferred to another.
In this respect no one can have a representative
character. In this ordeal each one stands lor
himself, and no one for another. These are
the duties of this life which cannot be dis-
charged by proxy. You are your own free
agent, but you have no power of substitution,
aud it cannot be delegated. These are duties
pertaining to one's self alone, and it is mon-
strous to talk of one person voting or repre-
senting anotherinthe unorganized aud primary
state. As well may he live another's life, or
die another's death.
I now propose to speak of what I consider
to be the essential matter in the proposition to
extend or regulate the elective franchise in our
Government. I prefer, on the whole, to do
this by an amendment to the Constitution
rather than by a congressional enactment,
even if the question of the power of Congress
was admitted, because the fundamental law
is the place to rest the question of fundamental
rights, and when put into the Constitution it
is beyond the reach of party legislation and
removed from party politics. Unlike a law,
it is unrepealable.
Now, if this question of suffrage is to be set-
tled, and settled by the law of the Constitu-
tion, it is of the highest importance that it be
settled upon the right basis and upon one en-
tirely in harmony with the genius and spirit
of* our Government aud institutions. I only
claim the logical sequence of our political
organization. All other Governments save
ours have their privileged men or classes and
their unprivileged ; some are citizens, others
are mere subjects; one class controf public
affairs, the other bear its burdens with voices
silenced. But 111 this Government, ordained
by the people, the citizens, their right to ad-
minister it should not be questioned. And
how can this Government be administered
but by the ballot? Laws are made and exe-
cuted by the representatives of the ballot. An
elective officer is but a consolidated ballot;
one person exercising the voice and will of
man}'.
And how did the citizen obtain this power
in our Government, or how was it exercised
by one class and denied to others? Citizen-
ship was not obtained by colonial charters, for
then would their rights have perished with the
charters themselves; not by any hereditary
right 01- title, for all such were forbidden i.ti
the Constitution; not by successfully wield-
ing the sword in battle, for then would it ha.ve
been confined to warriors alone. How, then,
was it obtained? I answer: it was given iu
