no
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jannary 29,
the fundamental law when the Government
■was ordained for " all men" who are possessed
of the " inalienable right to life, liberty, and
the pursuit of happiness." And the word
"men" is as comprehensive as the word
"people," for they all had the same title to life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
The right of self-government springs from
the consent of the governed, and there can be
no just mind that will consent that a part shall
exercise the will of the whole. Such an act
would be a palpable usurpation of power and
only one step removed from the right of a king
or despot to rule; because if you desert the
principle of equality of rights and circumscribe
them to a part, that principle would not be vio-
lated if you proscribed still more and lodged
the power finally in one man. And if by virtue
of citizenship all are not entitled to the ballot
as the source of power and rights, then none
are; for power to deprive one extended would
deprive all; and if you admit the existence of
the power, you must not deny its exercise to
any extent.
I now come to this point to say that to de-
prive any citizen of the right of suffrage is a
violation of the principles of our Government
as it was ordained, and is a blow direct at the
Government itself. I have studied this form
of government to no purpose if its logic does
not lead me to universal and impartial suffrage.
The Constitution places all the powers of the
Government in the people who ordained it,
(and it resided in them in any event;) but while
they delegated the exercise of certain powers
to departments, State and national, still they
held the reins of modification of all that was
delegated, and provided for the exercise of that
right. Ileuce it is that I can say that this is
not only no " white man's Government," but
it is no male Government; and it is a historical
fact that in the early"days of our history both
colored men and white women were admitted
to the ballot upon precisely the same terms as
white men. This was done in some instances,
but their number being few does not alfect
the principle. If you admit but one woman to
vote or one negro it is a confession that there
is no legal bar to all.
Citizenship is of birthright or of choice in
onr form of government, and the ballot is one
of the rights admitted, ay, conceded, and can-
not be conferred. Who gave any class the
right to monopolize the elective franchise?
If a majority, however large, can strike down
one right not forfeited then they can another,
and hence, as 1 have said, all. So that if you
admit the doctrine of legal disfranchisement
you cannot stop short of admitting that the
power exists to strike down all rights. It may
be said this will allow not only but require that
minors and even children should be entitled to
vote. To this I reply that a right may exist
where the person is not entitled to the exer-
cise of the right until a prescribed period. A
child is entitled to the right of walking, mar-
rying, and inheriting property; still it must
wait for development to exercise that right.
When we become members of society under
a,n organized form we consent to the regulation
tion of the exercise of our rights, but not to
their extinction.
I will cheerfully comply with all regulations
respecting the time, manner, and place of vot-
ing, as well as the age and residence required,
when made equally applicable to all citizens ;
hut a man who will not resist a law of disfran-
chisement has lost the spirit of his manhood.
Such a one deserves to have no rights if he
dare not maintain them. The citizen who will
tamely submit to one robbery will soon be
prepared to welcome all. When you have
taken away the ballot you have left nothing
secure.
Do not tell me that the rights of one class of
citizens are safe in the hands of another, that
the men will take care of the rights of the
women. The rights of individuals allied to
you may be or may not be safe, but of a class
they never can be.
The property and character of your own
wife and child may be safe in the hand's of the
husband and father j but would you trust the
property and character of all other women and
children in his hands? There are instances
where one man may safely speak, vote, and act
for a whole community ; but would you organ-
ize and administer a government upon such a
theory? Anything short of entire enfranchise-
ment is as destructive of the theory of our
Government as it is dangerous and destructive
of individual rights. When one right is de-
stroyed the way is prepared to lose all. I
would urge all citizens, by all that is valuable
in liberty and desirable in the pursuit of hap-
piness, to maintain and demand that equality
of rights and those means of their defense
which to a free man are better than an army
with banners. I urge it by all that is valuable
in a republican form of Government and by
all that is dear to human life under it. Citi-
zens who will submit to disfranchisement
tamely deserve their fate, no matter whether
they be men or women ; and the men who de-
mand it and deny the ballot are only one step
removed from tyrants. As I would not be a
slave, so I would not make a slave; and the
man who would do or be either under our
form of government does not merit the con-
dition of a freeman. " He ought," as .it
has been said, "with garters, ribbons, and
stars upon him, to be bolted with a golden
chain to the blazing pavement of some palace
court yard, that when his lord and master goes
out to hunt of beasts or m.en he may be there—
the slave—to crouch down and let his majesty
vault from his shoulders to the saddle," for he
does not deserve to breaihe the pure air nor
to drink the cool springs of a free country.
He ought to live where darkness curtains the
heavens, and frosts and winter enchain the
earth I Thenceforth and forever let him dwell
where man is not honored nor woman loved!
But 1 maintain and defend the right of the
ballot to be in the hands of the citizen by
virtue of his manhood and not of sex. It was
man who was created a "little lower than
angels," and not males I "In the image of
God created He him," " but male and female
created He them "and He called their name
Adam." It is said, "I will destroy man," not
males, "from off the face of the earth," by a
deluge. But seven souls were saved that the
generations of men might live upon the earth,
and by men is meant mankind, and of this one
blood are all the nations; and these national-
ized here have a right to all that inherits to a
free American citizen. These rights, 1 repeat,
inhere to his manhood and are as inalienable
as his immortality. 1 care not if he may have
come to us from the center of dark, fettered
Asia, from the plains of long-abused Africa,
from the snows of Siberia or the heat of the
tropics, he is a man, and hence a brother, en-
titled to all the rights that are inalienable in
man and to all he can possess and attain by
the honest labor of his hands or by the powers
of his mind.
In this work of reorganizing States we should
look North and West as well as South. The
robbery of the ballot for men—I mean male
citizens—is perpetrated now in more than half
of what are called the loyal States, and the
prejudice of caste, of race, and color, that
child of the devil, is rampant in all the States.
This reconstruction should now begin in the
fundamental law, and be applied to all the
States and extend through all departments
of the national Government and then the
State governments, and through society at
large, the schools and churches, and through
politics and religion. Let this country in this
way elevate humanity and honor God.
I trust this nation has been founded, and of
late preserved from dissolution, for high and
noble ends. It is the only free Government on
the earth that is expanding and growing with
reasonable hope of being indissoluble and per-
petual. Since it was founded other nations
have been going to decay or changing their
form. No sooner was our national authority
established and vindicated than the imperial
form of government, which rn the hour of ouy
trial undertook to subdue a foothold in the
republicof Mexico-, subsided and retired. AndL,
as never before, can we say this land shall be
an asylum for the oppressed of all nations who
are longing and straggling to break the links
of steel which enchain them. But our supe-
riority over other nations is lost if we perpet-
uate in the Constitution cruel inequalities of
rights among the citizens of the .Republic. Alt
that make other Governments oppressive and
hateful is the proscription and inequality among
•their citizens. And what right have we to go
counter to the tendencies of the highest civil-
ization of this age, to the lessons of history,
and to the voice of passing events now being
pressed upon our attention. The Constitution
is to-day imder our molding hand. As the wax
to theseal, the impress given to it by Congress
in this amendment will remain as its permanent
character for the years to come. We ought to
despise ourselves, as we shall be despised in
history, if we fail to meet this emergency by an
adequate and liberal amendment to the Con-
stitution which shall secure to posterity what
the fathers thought they had "ordained " one
hundred years ago. The Government then
elevated to citizenship three million people,
and ten years ago thirty millions, and to-day
nearly forty millions ; and yet it is not clearly
defined by the law of the Constitution that all
the citizens have and shall have the power in
their own hands to maintain and defend those
inherent rights to preserve which "Govern-
ments were ordained" among men.
I ask the ballot for woman, not on account
of herweakness or on account of her strength;
not because she may be above or below a man ;
that has nothing to do with the question. 1
ask it because she is a citizen of the Kepublic,
amenable to its Ia"'s, taxed for its support, and
a sharer in its destiny. There are no reasons
for giving the ballot to a man that do not apply
to a woman with equal force. She may use it
or neglect it, as many men do ; still it should
be hers whenever she chooses to exercise the
right. This would tend to its elevation and
purification; for when the sacredness of the
ballot is preserved it would not soil a woman's
heart, baud, or dress, or the place of voting
any more than when she uses the Bible and the
prayer-book in the congregation of humble
worshipers. In all the walks of life, retired or
public, she adds grace, elegance, and purity to
every step of her pathway, to every work of her
hand, and to every love of her heart. I am
for the enfranchisement fully and without re-
strictions of every man in the land who has
the rights and discharges faithfully the duties
of a citizen of the Kepublic, no matter how
depressed or oppressed he may have been.
The way of his elevation is by the way of the
ballot, and that should be as lixed and as .set-
tled as the fundamental law itself. But 1 would
put in tbe form of law precisely the same pro-
vision for every woman in the land ; for it is
as safe in her hands as in his; it will be used
with as much intelligence and with as good
results. And besides all that, the distinctive
character of our republican Government on
the basis of the original design can be per-
petuated in no other way. The highest justice
is the only safety. Let it come, then, by one
comprehensive amendment striking out all
inequalities among citizens, and the dream of
the fathers of a free and pure Republic shall
be realized, and there shall be peace through-
out the land and good will among men.
Mr. President, when John Stuart Mill un-
rolled his petition in the British Parliament a
few years since it was found to bear the names
of those English men and women whose very
thoughts were an inspiration to the civilization
of the age. Jt asked for the enfranchisement
of woman, and, upon a vote taken, seventy-
three members voted for it. Thousands of our
own countrymen and women have passed their
petitions to the bar of this Senate, through me,
that woman might have the ballot in this Gov-
ernment of the people ; and in obedience to
I their ten thousand voices I ask a vote upon
