1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
T'll
my amendment, and I shall move at a proper
time a call for the yeas and nays upon it. I
leave the wisdom of this vote to the judgment
of history, and will cheerfully meet the ver-
dict of posterity.
Mr. MORION. Mr. President, I desire to
speak for a few minutes on the amendment
reported this morning from the Committee on
Representative Reform, which we hope to have
considered in connection with the report from
the Committee on the Judiciary. I will ask
the Secretary now to read the amendment pro-
posed.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Art. 16. The second clause, first section, second
article of the Constitution of the United States shall
bo amended to read as follows: 44 Each State shall
appoint, by a vote of the people-thereof qualified to
vote for Representatives in Congress, a number of
electors equal to the whole number of Senators and
Representatives to which the State may be entitled
in the Congress; but no Senator or Representative,
or person holding an office of trust or profit under
the United States shall bo appointed an elector; and
the Congress shall have power to prescribe the man-
ner in which said electors shall b& chosen by the
people."
Mr. MORTON. As the Constitution now
stands the mode of choosing a President is left
entirely to the Legislatures of the several States.
The fact that the people vote for President and
Vice President is not derived from the Consti-
tution of the United States, butfrom the action
of various State Legislatures. The Constitution
provides that—
Each State shall appoint, in such manner as the
Legislature thereof may direct, a number of electors
equal to the whole number of Senators and Repre-
sentatives to which the same may be entitled in the
Congress."
I believe the State of South Carolina from
the time of the formation of the Constitution
up to the rebellion selected electors by the
Legislature. The question of the election of
President and Vice President was never sub-
mitted to the people of that State; and what
was done in the State of South Carolina may
be done in any State in the Union. It is
always in the power of a State Legislature,
just in advance of a Presidential election, to
repeal the State law by which the people are
called upon to vote for President and Vice
President,, and by the Legislature itself to
choose the electors who shall cast the vote of
that State in the Electoral College. I think
that theie cannot be two opinions now upon
the question that this is a blemish and a defect
in the national Constitution. The election of
a President and Vice President should be
referred to the people.
It is proposed by this amendment that the peo-
ple of each State shall appoint the electors, and
that the Congress may determine the man-
ner in which these electors shall be appointed.
The effect of this amendment is to take away
from the Legislatures of the several States the
great power which they now have, and which
may under certain circumstances be a most
dangerous power, and which might bring on
civil war and revolution where a Legislature,
finding itself in a minority, and unwilling that
the people of the State shall vote directly for
President and Vice President, may, as it has
the power now, repeal the law by which the
people can vote at all for these officers and
select electors who shall cast the vote of that
Siate. In the desperation of parly and in the
contingencies of politics such a great power as
this should not be left to the Legislature of
any State; and while we are engaged in the
business of amending the Constitution we
should now provide that the people of the
several States shall themselves appoint these
electors, and that the power shall not be left
in the hands of the Legislatures. The con-
cluding portion of the amendment is in these
words:
"And the Congress shall have power to prescribe
the manner in which such electors shall bo chosen
by the people."
This does not require Congress in the first
instance to prescribe the manner in which
these electors shall be chosen by the people,
but gives to Congress the right to do it if it
shall see proper to do so. I call the attention
of the Senate to the fact that that provision of
this amendmentis in substance the same power
which Congress now has to provide the means
by which Representatives shall be chosen by
the people. I will read that clause of the
Constitution:
.." places, and manner of holding elec-
tions tor Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but
the Congress may at any time by law make or alter
such regulations, except as to the places of choosing
Senators."
In other words, Congress now has the power,
so far as Representatives are concerned, to
provide the times, places, and manner of hold-
ing elections; and this amendment gives to
• Congress the power to prescribe the manner
in which the people shall choose these elect-
ors ; so that the power proposed to be con-
ferred upon Congress in regard to presidential
electors is substantially the same that Congress
now has in regard to the choice of Representa-
tives by the people.
I make this explanation with a view to a
remark made perhaps by the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumker] yesterday upon
that point. The committee carefully examined
and compared the two powers, and we think they
are precisely the same, although the words are
not the same. The phraseology in the amend-
ment proposed by the committee I think is bet-
ter than that which exists in the fourth section
of the first article of the Constitution in regard
to Representatives. This, Mr. President, is
all; I have to sav in regard to this amendment.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. I ask the Sen-
ator from Indiana whether the committee's
attention in examining this subject was called
to the question whether under the fourth sec-
tion of the first article, giving Congress the
power of prescribing the manner of holding
elections of Representatives, Congress has or
has not the right to make a registry law regu-
lating the election of Representatives?
Mr. MORTON. Well, sir, I should think,
off hand, that Congress had.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. I agree with the
Senator as to that, and that is a subject which
may be of importance.
Mr. MORTON. And I think under the
amendment presented Congress, having the
right to prescribe the manner in which electors
shall be chosen by the people, would have the
right to provide for a registry law for the choice
of electors; in other words, I think the two
powers are substantially the same, although the
language is different.
Mr. PERRY. Mr. President 
Mr. DIXON. Will my colleague allow me
to offer the amendment of which I gave notice?
Mr. FERRY. Certainly.
Mr. DIXON. I move to amend the recital
in the proposed amendment by striking out the
words "the Legislatures of" and inserting the
words "conventions in," and also where the
word "Legislatures" occurs in the second
place to insert the word '• conventions" in lieu
of it. I find that the Constitution merely refers
to "conventions." When the Constitution was
first submitted for ratification it was submitted
by the seventh article to conventions, not say-
ing bow they should be chosen, implying of
course that they should be chosen by the laws
of the State. I do not think it is necessary to
provide how they shall be chosen.
ThePRESlDENTprotempore. Theamend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in line four to strike out the words " the
Legislatures of," and to insert "conventions
in and in line six to strike out the word
"Legislatures" and insert "conventions;" so
that the joint resolution will read:
That the following article be proposed to conven-
tions in the several States as an amendment to the
Constitution of tbo United States, which, when rati-
fied by three fourths of said conventions, shall be
valid as part of the Constitution, &u.
Mr. DIXON. When the vote is taken on
that amendment I wish it to be taken by yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I am in favor of the principle
both of the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana and of the amendment of the Senator
from Connecticut as abstract propositions ; but
I will not vote for them at this time in this
assembly. If the State of Kentucky was ex-
cluded by force and violence from representa-
tion in the Sen&teof the United States I should
deem that the whole residue of the Senate
would not have the constitutional right to pro-
pose an amendment to the Constitution. Welt,
sir, there are three States in the Union that are
as much entitled to representation at this time
in the Senate as any State that is represented
in it that arc violently and by force excluded
from representation in the Senate—Virginia,
Mississippi, and Texas.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How about Georgia?
Mr. DAVIS. The case is worse in relation
to Georgia, because she is represented in the
House of Representatives, and the extraordi-
nary anomaly of her exclusion from represent-
ation in the Senate is presented. Was there
ever such a condition of things in the world in
a deliberative assembly that .represented the
power of a regular and well-organized Govern-
ment?
I will state what I understand to be the prin-
ciple of the Constitution in relation to amend-
ment, and I ask the attention of the honorable
Senator from Kansas for one moment to the
proposition. The great leading idea of the
amendment which he proposes is, that no citi-
zen of the United States should have any right
whatever that every other citizen is not entitled
to share. Do I understand the honorable gen-
tleman's idea?
Mr. POMEROY. My idea is that civil and
political rights belong to all citizens alike; I
do not mean the rights of private property.
Mr. DAVIS. We understand each other.
Now, I lay down the proposition with more
distinctness, with more truth and philosophy
than the honorable Senator's proposition, that
every State in the Union is entitled under our
Constitution to all the rights and privileges that
any or every other State is entitled to. Here
is the State of Virginia, with all her illustrious
history and with all of her revolutionary remin-
iscences, excluded by force atid violence from
her just representation in the Senate of the
United States. Here is the State of Mississippi
in the same predicament. Here is the State
of Texas in a like predicament. Here is the
State of Georgia in a sort of hybrid condition,
neither flesh nor fowl, neither fish nor bird,
fully represented, I believe, in the other branch
of Congress and without a voice in this assem- r
bly of the conscript fathers of the nation ; and
in this condition of things the Senate of the
United States undertakes the burlesque of
gravely amending the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States!
Sir, 1 say it is not competent for the Senate
of the United States to act in this state of its
organization upon a proposed amendment to
the Constitution. It is a mockery. If there
.was communication between the other world
and this, or with the ashes of the illustrious
dead who have been so long since borne to
their graves, the enormity of such a proposi-
tion would be enough to reanimate their ashes
and to make their illustrious persons turn over
in their tombs. Is the extravagance of this
day and generation of ours to have no bounds?
1 ask you, Mr. President, (Mr. FREUNGHurSEjr
in the chair,) an advocate of all these anom-
alous and revolutionary movements, by what
authority can the Senate of the United States
proceed to propose amendments to the Consti-
tution excluding the State of Geoigia from her
representation in the Senate? I put it stronger
than that: what right has this Senate or this
Congress to exclude the other three States that
I have named from their representation in the
two Houses of Congress, and to undertake the
most important function of Government in the
United States ; and that is, to alter tbe funda-
mental law in ibeir absence?
Mr. PO MERO Y. If the Senator will permit
me to interrupt him, I will state that what I
