THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
■ said was that the equality of citizens not con-
victed of crime was the same, and so of the
equality of i he States. li they have been faith-
tui in their relations to the Government they
are entitled to perfect equality. They may have
forfeited it, as the citizen may, by crime.
Mr. DAVi>. Where is the law of forfeiture,
I will ask the honorable Senator? liead it.
Let us know the law of forfeiture.
Mr. POMEROY. It consists in the relation
that, one State bears to another.
Mr. DAVIS. And who is to judge of that
relation?. Where is the tribunal to decide it?
What legal or constitutional sanction has it?
How do you get it into court? How do you
prepare the action that involves thatquestion?
How do you have that action decided? What
is the power to render judgment upon that
question of relationship, and how is it to be
enforced 1
Mr. POMEROY. It was decided after a
contest of four years, at the time of the sur-
render of Lee.
Mr. DAVIS. Does the Constitution recog-
nize the sword.as deciding any question under
it? Is there any principle of constitutional law
that is referred to the bloody arbitrament of
the sword? No, sir. The Army in time of war
makes no law, no Constitution in this coun-
try.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator told us the
other day that in the presence of arms the laws
were silent. This was a question decided by
arms and where the laws were silent.
Mr. DAVIS. Doesthe Constitution say that
its provisions are silent in the midst of amis?
No, sir. That was a powerful expression, not
of sentiment but of fear, by Cicero when Pom-
pey's soldiers were present in the Forum.
There is no such maxim, no such principle,
no such monstrosity in our system. Here we
have a Government of law founded upon a
Constitution and law subordinate to that Con-
stitution. Among the principles of the Con-
stitution is this: that one State of the Union
has as much power, as much right to proceed
in all of its processes in the important business
of altering the fundamental law as any other
State. Where States are in insurrection,
where they are making flagrante hello against
the Government of the United States, you can
not in that condition of things proceed to alter
the Constitution at all. You must first reduce
the insurgent States to obedience to the Con-
stitution and the anthorityof the United States,
and then you may proceed to amend your Con-
stitution. You cannot do it under any other
state of case.
But the present condition of things is incom-
parably stronger thau that. Here there is no
war; there is no rebellion; there is no insur-
gent in arms against the authority of the Gov-
ernment of the United States. Ail have sub-
mitted. The law reigns supreme, except so far
as it is violated by the machinery of the party
in power. At any rate, the insurgents have
all submitted. They are no longer in resistance
to the laws of the United States or its author
ity. They have been vanquished in battle, aud
they have submitted in the best and-noblest
faith that ever was professed by a discontented
people who.ha<l been warring on the Govern-
ment of their, country and all of its authority.
Now, when peace and order reign, except so
far as they are disturbed by the revolutionary
movements of the party in power; when, if
they were disposed to perform their functions
under and according to the Constitution there
would not be a ripple upon the surface of our
great political sea, but it would be as placid
and as transparent as a mirror, as peaceful as
though there was not a breeze stirring—when
this is the condition of things you have a right
to claim the representation aud the presence
of the representation, both in thei House of
Representatives and. the Senate, from every
State in the Union. They are anxious to be
represented: craving, beseeching, praying, ad-
juriug jou to allow them to be represented";
and yet you still, by lawless force, keep
them out of your councils, and in their ab-
sence, under the operation of this force, you
proceed to alter the lundauiental law, the Con-
stitution of our common Government, when
that Constitution gives to all the States the free
and penect right to take part in this important
business.
Sir, your amendments to the Constitution
are all void ; tht-y are of no effect. They were
proposed by a mutilated Congress; they were
proposed by a mutilated House of Represent-
atives and Senate. That mutilation at one
time was voluntary, but now, since it has been
healed by the submission and obedience of
the insurgents to the Constitution and laws of
the United States, you have proceeded to con-
tinue it, to enlarge it, to protect it indefinitely ;
and with all this violence done by you to the
Constitution, and to the rights of the people
and the sovereign States of the United States
to take part in this important business of
amending the Constitution, you still continue
the mockery of your amendments. How ridic-
ulous ! How absurd !
Sir, these amendments of the Constitution,
your Freedmen's Bureau bill, your civil rights
bill, and all your monstrous and unconstitu-
tional laws will be decided in the course of a
few years by the sovereign people of the United
States of America in their paramount power
and sovereignty, to be null and void, mere
debris that you have thrown over the Consti-
tution. They will be swept away from it. You
are now indulging a dream of power as did
Belshazzar before the inscription appeared
upon the wall of his palace. That inscription
will come to you. Yop will be weighed in the
balance and you will be found wanting, and
another Cyrus will sweep you from power.
Mr. Ptesident, I do not expect to live many
years, but 1 expect to live to see the day of
that deliverance of our country and of our
glorious Constitution. When 1 have seen that
day I shall then be prepared to exclaim,
Simeon like, "Lord, now lettest thou thy ser-
vant depart in peace." But I want to see that
day; and I do not care who the deliverer is.
If the honorable Senator from New Yoi k [Mr.
Conkling] would undertake that office he
would find me an humble follower, and there
would be no one more devoted to him in that
mission than myself. Sir, tyranny in any form
is never long submitted to by the mass of the
people. They may be unable at the time to
redress their wrongs and to overthrow the
power that oppresses them, but hope springs
eternal in their breasts, and they strive and
strike on until eventually they do their work.
That work is ahead of the people of the United
States. They are going to undertake it in
earnest, and when they do so their power will
be found resistless; and all the efforts that this
or any other party accidentally in possession
of power in the Government may make to stay
the progress of this only sovereign power in
our land will be put under foot.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, I desire to
make some remarks both upon the amendment
offered by my colleague and upon the proposi-
tion reported by the committee. I prefer,
however, not to go on this afternoon, and will
give way if any Senator will move an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. RAMSEY. I make that motion, that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 811. It will take but ten or fifteen
minutes to dispose of it, and it is very import-
ant that it should be acted upon.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion. I desire to know
whether we can have an agreement or an un-
derstanding to take the vole on the constitu-
tional amendment. If we cannot have such
an understanding, we ought to sit it out to-
night and not allow an adjournment until it is
disposed of. We want to dispose of it this
week.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope the Senator will
not make us sit it out to-night.
Mr. RAMSEY. With the consent of the
Senator from Connecticut, I made a motion
to adjourn in order that he inight have an op-
portunity to sneak on this subject to-morrow.
The PRESiDiNG OFFiCER, (Mr. Fee-
likghutsen in the chair. j i he motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts can only be enter-
tained by unanimous consent. If any objec-
tiou iainterposed the bill cannot be considered.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have moved that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. WiLSON. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion to allow this bill to be
considered.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should be glad to do it,
but the Senator from Connecticut desires aa
adjournment m order that he may have the
floor to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Connec-
ticut will not object to our doing this kind of
business.
Mr. FERRY. I cannot allow the constitu-
tional amendment to be displaced without the
consent of the Senator from Nevada who
reported it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A single
objection carries the bill of the Senator irotn
Massachusetts over.
Mr. RAMSEY. At the instanceof the Sen-
ator from. Connecticut, I have submitted a
motion to adjourn.
Mr. WiLSON. I will say to the Senator
from Nevada that the Senator from Connec-
ticut [Mr. FebetJ has the floor and desires to
speak ou the constitutional amendment, but
he does not wish to do so to-day. Now, sir,
1 have been trying here for tour or five days
to get ten or fifteen minutes to pass a bill that
it is important to pass, aud which will save a
little money. 1 do not know that 1 ought to
say that; but it is important to pass it; and 1
am told by the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs in the House of Represent-
atives that that committee cannot be called at
this session, and it is important to send the
bill to the House that they may take it from
the table there and secure action. I ask the
Senate to give me teu or fifteen minutes to
pass it.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to know-
about bow many desire to speak on this pro-
posed constitutional amendment, so that we
can have some little understanding about it,
because on next Monday the chairman of the
Finance Committee is going to antagonize his
bills. I understood from the Senator from
Wisconsin that the Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Bayard] desires to speak.
Mr. RAMSEY. I rise to a point of order.
Was I in order in moving an adjournment a few
moments ago?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatmotion
is always in order.
Mr. RAMSEY. I made it some time ago, at
the instance of the Senator from Connecticut,
who desires to speak to-morrow, and not to-
day.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, a division was called for; and there
were—ayes twenty-seven.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I presume it can be un-
derstood 
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is it in order to debate
this question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is
not in order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish, Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is
not in order. The yeasand nays are demanded
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask unanimous consent
to make a statement. I think the Senate all
want to do the same thing; they wish to allow
the Senator from Massachusetts to pass his
bill and then adjuurn.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalow, Cameron,Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Drake, Fowler. Freiinahujsen, Hendricks.
Kellogg, McCreery, Morton, Norton, Patterson of
.Tennessee, Ramsey, Robertson, Thayer, Van Winkle.
Viokers, Wndc, and Wbyte—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott. Anthony, Oattell, Ckand-
