1869.
1H1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
713
ler, Cole, Ccr.khnx, Tonness, Coi'bett, Cragin. Fessen-
don, U„ms, Henderson, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of V imont, Oxbora. Patterson otNew
Hampshire, Pool, Rice, Sawyer, Stewart. Sumner,
Irumbull Warner, Welch, Wilicy, Williams, and
Wii?on—29.
AB^ENP Messrs. Bayard, Edmunds, Ferry,
Grimes, Harlan, Howard, McDonald, Nye, Pome-
roy, Ro> s, Sautebury, Sherman, Speucer, Spragiie,
Tipton, and Yates—IS.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
military forces.
Mr. WILSON". I now modify my motion
and move to pass over informally the pending
business for the purpose of taking up Senate
biil No. 811. I hope nobody will oppose it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What is the bill?
_Mr. %1LSON. If the Senator from Indiana
will allow the bill to be read, I am sure he will
not oppose it.
The Chief Clerk read the title, as follows:
A bill (S. No. 811) to provide for the redaction of
the military forces, and for other purposes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to know
what the " other purposes" are? [Laughter.]
JMr. WILSON. If the Senator will hear the
bill read [ am sure he will be for it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then let us hear the
bill read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
rear! for information. Is there any objection ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Not till we hear it read.
I do not want to consent to its consideration
until I hear it read and know what the bill is.
I ask for the reading of the bill for informa-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be read for information, the joint resolution
regularly under consideration not yet having
been laid aside.
The bill was read.
Mr. WILSON. There are some amend-
ments reported.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. The bill is
not yet taken up. The question is on passing
over the special order informally.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts if that is an amend-
ment that lie has sent np?
Mr. WILSON. 1 say there are amendments
reported by the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments will also be read, if desired.
Mr. WILSON. They were in the bill as
reported.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before we decide this
question'I want to hear all that the Military
Committee has to propose, because sometimes
there is a little more in the subsequent pro-
ceedings than there is in the first.
The PRESIDENTpro tojpore. The amend-
ments will be read for information if there be
no objection.
The amendments proposed to the bill by the
Committee on Military xlffairs were read.
The PRESIDBN f pro tempore. It is pro-
posed to pass by the special order informally
for the purpose of taking up this bill. Is there
any objection ? None being made, this bill is
bef'oi e the Senate as in Committee ofthe Whole
The question is on the amendments reported
by the committee. They will be read again,
if desired.
The Chief'Ci.erk. The first amendment is
in section five, line three, to strike out "eight"
and insert "ten so as to read : "that the
corps of judge advocates of the Army be, and
the same hereby is, fixed at ten members."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was in section eight,
line three, to strike out the words "or the
effects of the habitual use of," and in linefive
to strike out "or indiscretion," and in line six
to strike out all after the word "duty" to the
end of the section ; as follows:
And all medical officers, in furnishing certificates
of disability for officers or enlisted men,sh->U state
fully whether the disabilit- to w'lieh they certify was
so incurred; and if so incurred, the same shall be
reported through theSureeon Gt-neralfor the inform-
ation of tile Paymaster General, who shall stop the
pay of such officer or enlisted man for a period equal
to tho time of absence from duty for such cause.
So that the section will read:
That no officer or enlisted man who shall be
unfit for duty by reason of the habitual use of any
mtoxicatinsr liquors or drugs, or by r> ason of any
disease incurred through bis own immorality, shall
receive any pay for the period during which he is so
unfit for duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing as a new s.ection:
And be it further enacted, That the number of ap-
pointments of sceond lieutenants to be made in the
Army shall not hereafter exceed fifty, annually, until
otherwise ordered by Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add the follow-
ing as a new section ;
And be t? further enacted, That no person shall
hereafter be appointed a regimental or post chap-
lain whose age exceeds forty years; nor shall any
post chaplain remain longer than five years at any
post; and when relieved from duty his place shall be
supplied by a chaplain of a different Christian de-
nomination.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as thus amended, reads as follows :
A bill to provide for the reduction of the military
lorces, and for other purpobes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Ilepresent-
ativen of the United States of America inOonffress assem-
bled, That the gi de of rrgiineutal commissary in
the several cavalry regiments shall be, and it is
hereby, abolished; and the lieutenants now holding
the appointments of regimental commissary may bo
assigned for duty to companies of their regiments,
and shall fill the first vacancies that may occur in
their respective grades of first or second lieutenant
in the regiments to which they now belong; and
nothing herein contained shall affect their relative
rank with o.her lieutenants of their grade.
Sec. 2. And be it.further enacted. That the grades
of regimental commissary sergeant, regimental hos-
pital steward, and veterinary surgeon are hereby
abolished; and thenumberof corporals ineacbcom-
pany of cavalry, artillery, and infantry shall be
reduced to four; and thesuid non-commissioned offi-
cers shall have the privilege of receiving an honor-
able discharge, with lull pay and allowances to the
actual date thereof, if they shall so elect, in prefer-
ence to remaining in the service in such other grades
as may be assigned to them by the Secretary ol YVar.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That fourteen of
the bands authorized by section seven of the act to
increase and fix the military peace establishment,
approved July 28,1866, not lo include the band at the
Military Academy, shall be honorably discharged
without delay, and their discharges shall take effect
so as to entitle them to receive lull pay and allow-
ances to the actual date i hereof.
Sec. 4. And be it Jurther enacted. That the term of
enlistment for all arms of the service shall hereafter
be five years.
SBC. 5. And be it further enacted, That tho corps
of judge advocates of the Army be, and tho same
hereby is, fixed at ten members; and the President is
hereby authorized, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to fill all vacancies whioh have
occurred or may hereafter occur therein.
Skc. 6. And be it further en<(cted. That to insure a
proper observance of the Sabbath it is hereby made
the duty of all commanding officers ol posts, regi-
ments, and comp, nies, under direction of the Com-
manding Genera* of the Atmy, to dispense with all
parades, drills, and reviews, other tlian inspections,
on that day. except so fur as may bo needlul lor the
preservation of proper military discipline; and the
Commanding Geneial of the Army shall, on the pus-
sage of this act, issue a general order prescribingrthe
duty to be ptrformed by the troops on the Sabbath,
wnich order shall not, how vor, interfere with any
duties which may be required in time ol war or pub-
lic danger.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the provis-
ions ol law now applicable to commissioned officers
respecting confinement lor offenses, chaiges of which
have or havenotboenduly preferred,shallhercalter
be applied co all enlisted men, and they shall not be
confined or held in arrest without trial for a longer
period than commissioned officers would be held
under similar circumstances. No officer or enlisted
man who shall be placed *n arrest for any offense, lor
which he shall have been or may beduiy convicted,
shall receive any pay forthepjriod during whichhe
may have been or shali be in arrest or confinement
either before or after trial on account of such offense*
SEC.8. And be it further enacted. That no officer or
enlisted man who shall be unfit for duty by reason
of the habitual use of any intoxicating liquors or
drugs, or by reason of any disease incurred through
his own immorality, shall receive any pay for the
period during which he is so unfit for duty.
SKC. 9. And be it further cnacted. That the number
of appointments of sec- nd lieutenants to bo made in
the Army shall not tnreafter exceed fifty annually
until otherwise ordered by Congress.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That no person
shall hereafter be appointed a regimental or post
chaplain whose age exceeds forty years; nor shall
any post chaplain remain longer than five years at
any post; and when relieved from duty his place
shall be supplied by a chaplain of a different Chris-
tian denomination.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to strike out
the last part of the seventh section. I make
I do not so understand it.
I do, and I call for the read-
the motion in order to ascertain what is the
purpose of the committee. 1 ask for the read-
ing of the last clause.
J'he Chief Clerk read the clause proposed to
be stricken out, as follows:
No officer or enlisted man who shall be placed in
arrest for any offense, for which he shall have been
or may be duly convicted, shall receive any pay for
the period during which he may have been or shall
bo in arrest or confinement either before or after
trial on account ol such offense.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I supposed ^at the ,
matter of forfeiture of pay was part Ttf thy'
judgment of the court-martial always, ani^yfo*
not see why it cannot be left so, if it is proper
that the soldier should lose his pay because of
his conviction. He may be held under arrest
upon some trifling matter, and the court-mar-
tial may not be willing to punish him with a
forfeiture of pay, and may punish him in some
other mode. 1 do not see why that cannot be
left as it has been heretofore, to the discretion
of the court martial.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say to the
Senator from Indiana that it was believed this
provision would have a tendency to preserve
order and discipline in the Army; but I am
anxious to get the general provisions of the
bill passed into a law, and if this is all the Sen-
ator wants I shall not object to his amendment.
It. is not a vital matter; 1 should rather have
the clause in ; but I am willing to let it go out
if we can get the bill through.
Mr. WARNER, I hope the amendment of
the Senator from Indiana will prevail. It
seems to me clearly unjust to deprive a soldier
of pay simply because he is under arrest, per-
haps on false charges.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator will understand
that he must be convicted before he loses his
pay-
Mr. WARNER.
Mr. WILSON.
mg of it.
The Chief Clerk again read the words pro-
posed to be stricken out.
Mr. WARNER. I still think that the lan-
guage is capable of the construction I put on it.
Mr. WILSON. I will not insist on keeping
that clause in, if anybody objects to it; but I
am sure it is a provision that would tend to
good discipline.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope that the provision
will be retained. The Senator from Alabama
certainly misunderstands its effect, it pro-
vides that when a person is arrested and con-
victed he shall be deprived of his pay both
before conviction and after conviction, but he
is not to be deprived of his pay unless he is
convicted.
Mr. OONKLING. And not before the arrest,
I suppose?
Mr. WILLIAMS. No, sir.
Mr. WARNER. The effect there is to pro-
vide by law what the judgment of a court-
martial shall be ; that that shall lie one of the
points in the judgment against the soldier. I
think, with the Senaeor from Indiana, that
should be left entirely to the court-martial.
We should not fix by law what shall be the
penalty a court-martial may inflict for any
given offense.
Mr. HENDRICKS. A man might be put
under arrest for a very trifling offense and the
court-martial might not hold its session for a
considerable time, for months, perhaps; while
in another case the offense might be very grave
and the court-martial sit, immediately. In the
case of a grave offense the loss of paj would be
but for a short time, while in the case of the
small offense the loss of pay would be perhaps
for months. It is better to leave it to the court
to say how men shali be punished. I believe
now they generally punish by putting them at
labor, and perhaps that is the better mode of
punishment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest that we insert
the words "at the discretion of the court."
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to that
amendment prevailing. I see there is opposi-
tion to the clause, and I am anxious to get tbo
bill through ; and I do not regard it as material
