714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
because it is in the power of the court-martial
to do that if they think proper. I therefore hope
the proposition to strike out will prevail.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin moves to amend it before
it is stricken out.
Mr. CONKLING-. I suggest to the Senator
from Wisconsin that that is not worth while,
because the court has discretion now, and
that will leave the law precisely as it is, and
emplojWnecessary words to-do it.
ThePRES 1D E N T pro tempore. The ques-
on the amendment of the Senator from
msconsin to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Indiana to strike out the words
which have been read.
The amendment was agreed to. •
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for the reading
of the first additional section that was pro-
posed as an amendment by the committee.
The Chief Clerk r.ead as follows:
Seo.9. And be it further enacted. That the number
of appointments of second lieutenants to be made
in the Army shall not exceed fifty annually, until
otherwise ordered by Congress.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the committee upon what principle
that section is incorporated in the bill ? I have
supposed that second lieutenants were ap-
pointed from time to time merely to fill vacan-
cies. Now, is it contemplated that there may
be fifty appointments whether there be fifty
vacancies or not; or, on the other hand, is it
contemplated that vacancies shall not be filled
if they exceed fifty ?
Mr. WILSON. The object is to prevent
appointments. WeJiave to-day, in my opinion,
at least three or four hundred officers more
than we need. They are being worked out as
fast as possible ; but the best way to prevent
an increase of officers is to declare that until
Congress otherwise order, appointments shall
lie limited to a certain small number. Un-
questionably for a year or two to come there
will lie a large number of vacancies, and by
not making appointments to fill them we shall
decrease the expenses largely. It iswell known
that whenever there is a vacancy, whether the
office is needed or not, there is a great pressure
to get persons into office.
Mr. HiiNDlilCKS. Does that apply only
to second lieutenants?
Mr. WILSON. The section relates only to
second lieutenants.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The reasoning of the
Senator would seem to apply to all officers.
Mr. WILSON. Our Army has been reduced
largely, and we have now a disproportionate
number of officers compared with the number
of men in the rank and file. This section is
put in the bill for the purpose of preventing the
appointment of second lieutenants, or limiting
them to a small number with a view of reducing
the aggregate number of officers of the Army.
Mr. CONKLING. Are those the only offi-
cers whose number is to be reduced ?
Mr. WILSON. We cannot do anything else
in this hill.
Mr. CONKLING-. I should like to know
why you can do nothing in the reduction of
officers in this bill except what may be aimed
at second lieutenants?
Mr. WILSON. The section simply provides
thai vacancies shall not be filled.
Mr. CONKLING. In that particular grade?
Mr. WILSON. In that grade.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, my inquiry is, why
can you not in this bill, and why ought you not
in tliis bill, to reduce other grades^ officers
correspondingly ?
Mr. WILSON. It is supposed that we shall
be able pretty soon to have some measure cov-
ering the general subject. The committee of
the llouse of Representatives are at the pres-
ent time making examinations with a view to
propose a large reduction. I understand that
General Thomas was called before the House
committee to-day to give his opinion, and a
large number of other officers have been sum-
moned before the committee with a view of
hearing their suggestions as to the propriety of
changes in the staff corps of the Army, and
such other changes as may be necessary to
make a considerable reduction. All the facts
necessary to intelligent action, however, are
not yet disclosed. This provision will simply
tend, during the year to come until we can do
something final on the subject, to prevent put-
ting into the Army men whom we do not need.
I tried the same thing before and failed, and
it is my judgment that we have a hundred men
more in the Army to-day than we should have
if we had passed the provision which I offered
a year and a half ago. We passed it in the
Senate, but it was voted down in the other
House.
Mr. CONKLING. To illustrate my mean-
ing, let me state that there are now two vacant
brigadierships. 1 should like to know from
the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs whether the question of dispensing with
those two offices is not quite as simple as the
question of dispensing with all second lieu-
tenants greater than fifty in number. The
honorable Senator seems to consider it a mat-
ter of very small moment, but I will express
my opinion, for I have one very definite on
this question, and that is, that the process of
nibbling is not the true process of reformation
in this case. I do not believe that the two
vacant brigadier generalships ought to be filled.
Whether they should be or not must be a very
obvious question to those as familiar as he is
with this subject.
Mr. WILSON. We do not intend to fill
them.
Mr. CONKLING. We have lying on the
table here, everybody knows, two nominations
for those vacant places, and certainly they are
liable in theory of law to be filled. I think
they ought to be dispensed with bylaw. I have
no doubt that other reductions of the Army
ought to take place ; and I confess ray utter
inability to see why it is that a committee can
discern the propriety of dispensing with all the
second lieutenants—the lowest commissioned
officers, I believe—over fifty in number, and
yet cannot see whether it is proper or not to
dispense with brigadier generals or major gen-
erals. I do not know but that there is some
very occult and complicated process of reason-
ing which pertains to one part of the subject
from what pertains to the other. Should that
be so, however, it would be a curious coinci-
dence that the complicated part relates to the
few and the simple part relates to the many
and the minor officers.
I do not know but that the bill is all right;
I do not mean to interpose any objection to it
so far as it goes; but 1 regret very much that
there should be any difficulty in bringing for-
ward, and bringing forward now at least, the
other obvious instances in which reduction
would seem to be needed and to be proper.
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to ask thechairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs whether
appointments above the grade of second lieu-
tenant are made from civil life ; whether the
object of applying this limitation to second
lieutenants was not to prevent the number of
officers being increased from civil life? The
grades of officers above that, I suppose, can
only be increased by promotion; and when
you cut off the source of supply of the pro-
motions you in fact cut off the increase and
multiplication of officers. If I am wrong I
should like to be corrected.
Mr. WILSON. I think the Senator from
West Virginia is substantially right. We edu-
cate a certain number of men at West Point.
1 suppose there will be perhaps_forty of them
during the year to come who will have to be
commissioned ,as second lieutenants in the
Army. We cannot very well cut them off
after educating them. But the object is to
have as few second lieutenants appointed as
possible, in order to diminish the number of
officers of the Army. If the Senator from
New York or any other Senator will move a
provision on the bill, if that is the sentiment
of the Senate—and I am sure it ought to be—
that the vacancies in the grade of brigadier
general shall not be filled, 1 have no objection,
for I am opposed to their being filled, i cer-
tainly believe that this provision^ which we
have in this bill will save us something and will
prevent the appointment of officers in the
Army; and bad it been passed a year and a
half ago we should probably to-day have had
seventy-five or one hundred less officers in the
Army than we now have.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, the bill
presented by the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs was intended as a beginning
of reduction in the Army. It makes consid-
erable reduction in the expenses, especially in
the items of farriers, supernumerary sergeants,
and corporals and musicians. According to a
calculation which I have had made for mysell
in the War Department this bill saves over
one million dollars a year in these items. Then
it prevents the increase of the Army by pro-
hibiting the appointment of second lieutenants
who are not needed. We are bound in a great
measure to commission every man who is edu-
cated at West Point who passes a proper ex-
amination there; but it is not necessary that
we should take any more men from private life
and put them into these lower grades.
I agree with the Senator from New York
and others that we must make larger reduc-
tions in the Army; but we cannot do it now.
The moment you begin with the top of the
Army you will find a great many objections
here, and it will take a long while to secure
action. It was the object of the committee,
of which I have the honor to be a member, to
make these reforms to which we thought nobody
would object, and thus save, as I believe, about
a million and a half dollars by this little bill.
Hereafter other bills will be introduced to
make other improvements, as I hope.
Mr. CONKLING. I offer an amendment
to the ninth section to come in at the end of
the section:
Nor shall the two vacancies now existing in the
grade of brigadier general be filled until this pro-
hibition shall be repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I wish to suggest an
amendment itnhe sixth section, which I pre-
sume the committee will aceept when they
understand it. I observed in that section the
words "the Sabbath" twice introduced. lam
not aware that there is any such day as the
Sabbath known to the law of this country.
Neither is it known in the constitutions, or
whatever they may be called, of some of the
leading denominations; in two of them, at
least, the words "Lord's day" are used. Be-
sides, there are sects in this country who ob-
serve another day than Sunday as their Sab-
bath. There is in my own State, near my
residence, a considerable sect of what are
called Seven Day Baptists; there are also a
great many of them in the State of New York;
and they are a sect of some consequence; they
publish at least two newspapers. 1 there-
fore move, or suggest to the chairman of the
committee, that the words "the Sabbath " be
stricken out and " Sunday" substituted.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thatatnend-
meut will be made if there be no objection.
It is made accordingly.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; and the amendments concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL J. W. DAVIDSON.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to pass the
bill that I spoke about this morning. It is a
bill simply to refund to an Army officer a small
sum of money which had been stolen from him
and which he repaid to the Government. It
is the bill reported this morning from the Com-
