1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
715
mittee on Military Affairs for the relief of
Lieutenant Colonel Davidson. I move to take
it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri moves that the regular order
be postponed for the purpose of taking up the
bill named by him.
Mr. STE VV ART. I object to that.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not wish the special
order postponed. I supposed that the Senate
would consent to put it aside informally long
enough to pass this little bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can
be done by unanimous consent. •
Mr. HENDRICKS. What is the bill?
Mr. D RAKE. Simply a bill to refund to an
officer of the Army $218 25 that he paid in
1847 to replace public money that was stolen
from him. It was reported this morning by
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Mobtos.J
Mr. STEWART. I am afraid it will cause
debate.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not think that anybody
will debate it.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; ifitisasmall
matter I shall not object.
The PRESIDEN T pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri asks the consentof the Sen-
ate to lay aside the regular order and take up
for consideration the bill (S. No. 661) for the
relief of Lieutenant Colonel John W. Davidson,
of the Hinted States Army.
Mr. TRU-vIBULL. Let the bill be read.
The bill read. It is a direction to the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Lieutenant
Colonel John W. Davidson, ot'the UnitedStates
Army, the sum of $218 25, being the amount
of public money stolen from hun while in his
possession at Los Angeles, California, in Au-
gust, 1847.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there a report?
Mr. DRAKE. There is a written report in
favor of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the consideration of the bill?
The Chair hears none; and the bill is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to hear the
report read. It does not follow because money
was stolen that the man is entitled to have it
refunded.
Mr. DRAKE. I can state the facts to the
honorable Senator if he is willing to hear me
do so.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. D tiAKE. In 1847 Captain Davidson
was at Los Angeles, California, acting as com-
missary of subsistence, and had §400 of Gov-
ernment money in his possession. He was
ordered away to a point one hundred and fifty
miles distant. He could not take the $400
with liim. There was no public safe in which
to keep it. He had to leave it in the quarters
of a brother otiicer, Lieutenant Sioueman;
and in the night time, while he was away, two
soldiers broke into the quarters and stole the
money—the whole $400. As soon as he came
back he instituted proceedings to detect them,
did detect thein, had them both tried by court
martial and convicted, and $181 75 of the
money was recovered, being found upon their
persons. He made good the loss to the Gov-
ernment of the remainder, $218 25. He asks
now to have that $218 25 refunded to him be-
cause lie was not in fault, and because he did
everything he could to recover the money. In
1860 the claim was before ihe Senate and the
Committee on Military Affairs made a report
in favor of paying him the money; bat the war
broke out, tiie thing passed away, and it has
only now been brought up before the Senate
again. These aie the facts of the case.
Mr. CONKLING. From which committee
does the bill come?
Mr. DRAKE. From the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, who reported it to-day. There is
a report in writing, but 1 believe it is not in
the Clerk's hands at this moment. These are
the facts detailed in the report which 1 saw
myself. The report has gone to be printed.
I could not discover any infirmity in the case
at all. It is a case such as we have legislated
upon repeatedly before. Since I came into
Congress a paymaster in my own State got
relief in that way where S3,000 and more were
stolen from his quarters by soldiers. This is
just the same as has been done in repeated
cases before, and it is evidently to my mind a
perfectly meritorious case, and I hope the Sen-
ate will consent to pass the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Ideiretoask
the Senator from Missouri whether in this case
there was any evidence of carelessness or gross
neglect on the part of the officer?
Mr. DRAKE. I take pleasure in saying, in
answer to the Senator from Vermont, and par-
ticularly for the vindication of this gallant
officer, Colonel Davidson, that there was not
the least evidence in the papers in the case
presented of any negligence or carelessness
on his part.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I recollect a
similar case before the Committee on Claims,
where an officer left his funds at the door of a
tent and went off to get something to eat, and
the funds were stolen, and the Committee on
Claims rejected the claim on account of gross
carelessness.
Mr. DRAKE. If the honorable Senator had
heard the remarks I made in the first instance,
he would have seen that this case was not like
that at all; that the officer could not carry the
money with him when he was ordered away from
the post; he had to leave it in the quarters of
ft, brother officer, and two soldiers burglariously
entered the quarters in the nigiit time and stole
the money.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
MESSAGE FH05! Tins HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, itsClcik, announced
that the House had passed a bill (II. R. No.
1627) to establish a police court for the District
of Columbia.
TAKING OF TUB CENSUS.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, yesterday
I offered a resolution, which lies on the table,
authorizing the Chair to appoint a select com-
mittee of five members to report whether any
legislation is necessary in reference to taking
the next census. Such a committee has been
appointed in the House of Representatives,
with how much necessity I do not know. But
the suggestion was made to me that owing to
the brevity of the session it might be well to
harmonize the recommendations as to the form
of a bill which should be reported to the two
Houses if a bill should turn out to be neces-
sary. 1 consented, without very much knowl-
edge of it, to offer the resolution, and I ask
the Senate to take it up if there is no objection,
SO that the committee may be appointed. 1
am not able to tell the Senate whether legisla-
tion is necessary or got.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution;
and it was agreed to :
Resolved, That a select committee of fivo members
be appointed by the Chair to inquire arid report to
the Senate whether any, mid if so what, legislation
is necessary touching the taking of the ninth census
as required by the Constitution.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (II. R. No. 1714) to close the land
system in certain' States was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The bill (H. R. No. 1627) to establish a po-
lice court for the District of Columbia was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like
to take up a bill which has been reported from
the Committee on Commerce in relation to a
telegraph company to lay a cable from New
York to Newfoundland.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator make a motion to take that up, or
does he ask unanimous consent?
Mr. MORRiLL, of Vermont. I ask unani-
mous consent.
Mr. ABBOTT. I object, unless I can secure
the consideration of a little bill reported by
the Committee on Military Affairs, which will
not take two minutes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This will not
take longer than the Senator's bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the Senator to with-
draw that motion that I may submit a motion
to be excused from service upon a committee.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well; I withdraw
the motion for that.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to be excused from
service upon the Committee on Education. 1
move that 1 be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move that the Pres-
ident of the Senate be authorized to fill that
vacancy, and also an existing vacancy in the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
PROPOSED ADJOURNMENT OVEB.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it be to meet on Mon-
day next, ["No!" "No!"]
Air. POMEROY. I hope we shall have a
session to-morrow. I think we can finish the
constitutional amendment then. We ha\e had
so many adjournments and done so littlfe this
session that I think we certainly ought to meet
to-morrow.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understand
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions desires to put through at least (out appro-
priation bills to-morrow.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us have a meeting
to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. DRAKE. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before taking the vote
I wish to say a word. There is before the
Committee on theJudiciary more business than
we can possibly attend to and meet here every
day. 'The committee was in session last night
until ten o'clock. We have our regular meet-
ings, and sometimes complaints are made that
business is delayed. I do not know how it may
be with other members of the Senate ; but,
tor myself, to come here every day as wc do
and stay till this hour, and then go into com
mittee every morning at ten o clock, is wear
ing us out, and 1 think that we accomplish
nothing by it; that we do not advance busi-
ness by it. Senators become irritable and
tired. We accomplish less than we should if
we came here fresh on Monday morning. We
must have time to dispose of business before
the committees. I do not know how it may
be with other committees, but on the one that
1 have the honor to bo chairman of we find it
impossible to dispose of the business before
that committee and meet here every day at
twelve o'clock and sit until this hour. I hope
the motion to adjourn over will prevail.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope so, too, and for the
same reason.
Mr. STEWART. I hope it will not prevail.
Our time is very short.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan has the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. The amount of business
before the various committees of the Senate
I am satisfied is such as to require attention
for this small lapse of time. In one commit-
tee I know that such is the case. I am on
several committees, and I find it next to im-
possible to perform the duties perlaining to
me as a member of the several committees on
which I am and attend properly here to my
