716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
duties on the floor in the sittings of the Senate.
1 hope the motion will prevail.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that the Senate
will not adjourn over to-morrow. There is a
pressure of business on our Calendar that I
have never known at this period of the session.
Not a single one of the appropriation bills has
been considered. There are public measures
now ready for action awaiting the action of
the Senate that require a good deal of time
and will consume a good deal of time. We
have less than thirty working days from now
until the 4th of March, including one or two
which will be wasted by the ceremonies pre-
ceding the inauguration. I hope, therefore,
%e Senate will be in session to-morrow. Sen-
ators mast be aware that we shall have to sit
probably every day, and probably have night
sessions very early next month.
Mr. POMERO Y. I do not see the necessity
of reporting bills if we are to adjourn and not
pass them. This thing of having a pressure
before committees in theforepartof the session
does very well, but to have so much business
before committees just as we are going to close
the session seems to me not appropriate, be-
cause if we cannot pass the bills we have already
got there is no need of reporting any more.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 29 ; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew,Cameron,Cra-
gin, Davis, Dooiittle, Edmunds. Fowler, Frelmghuy-
Rdij, Harris, Hendricks. Howard,McCreery, Ramsey,
Robertson, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Viekers, Welch,
and Whyte—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott.Chandler, Cole, Conkling,
Curbett, Diake, Ferry, Harla.n, Henderson, Howe,
Kellogg, Morean, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Pool, Rice,
Ross, Sherman, Su-wart, Sumner, Thayer, Wade,
W.irner. lVilley, Williams, and Wilson—29.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Cattcll, Conness,
Vixon, Fessenden. Grimes, McDonald, Morrill of
Maine, .Morton, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee,
Saalsbury, Sawyer, Spencer, Sprague, Tipton, and
Y ates—17.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr.>CONKLLNG. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 29, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. 0. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Friday, the
first business in order is the consideration of
reports of committees of a private nature, and
the House will resume the consideration of the
bill in regard to the police court for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, which was pending at the
expiration of the morning hour on Friday last.
m'piikrson monument.
Mr. BUCKLAND. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce for consideration and action
at the present time a joint resolution donating
condemned cannon and muskets for the Mc-
Pherson monument.
Mr. MOORE. I object.
post office ai-propltlation bill.
Mr. BEAMAN, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1808) making appropriations for the service
of t.iie Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1870; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move that the bill be
made the special order for Tuesday next, after
the morning hour, and from day to day there-
after until disposed of.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I object to its being
made a special order.
The question was put on Mr. Beaman's
motion, and there were—ayes 58, noes 26 ; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Beaman
and Moohhead were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 77, noes 35.
So the motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted for four days
to Mr. Kitchen.
expenses of patent office.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Appropriations, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 1809) making appropriations for
the payment of salaries and contingent ex-
penses of the Patent Office for January and
February, 1869; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Iaskthat
the bill be put upon its passage.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
poses to appropriate the sum of $54,765 for the
payment of salaries of the officers and employes
of the Patent Office, and for the ordinary con-
tingent expenses of said office for the months
of January and February, 1869.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is a pretty large
appropriation, and I think it had better be con-
sidered in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was accordingly referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
c0al-0il, crude petroleum, etc.
Mr. MOORHEAD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1810) to provide
for the better security of life and property from
the dangers of coal-oil, crude petroleum, and
their products; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee of Wayk
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
title to kock island.
Mr. PRICE. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table the amend-
ment of the Senate to House bill No. 391, con-
firming the title to Rock Island in the Missis-
sippi river.
No objection was made.
The amendment of the Senate was to add to
the bill the following:
Provided, That this act shall not be construed to
deprive any other person of any right or title to
said land acquired from the United States.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
public land system.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on the Public
Lands a bill to close the land system in certain
States. It will save thousands of dollars to
the Government, and I think no one will object
to it.
The bill, which was read, provides that
whenever the quantity of public lands remain-
ing unsold in any State §hall not exceed three
thousand acres it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Interior to order the land office
or offices in such State to be closed, and the
offices of register and receiver shall thereupon
be discontinued ; and the said Secretary shall
cause the archives and records of such office
or offices to be transferred to the General Land
Office; and the Commissioner thereof shall
thereupon be vested with all the powers of the
said register and receiver in.regard to the dis-
posal of any fragmentary or other parcels or
tracts that may be found to be vacant public
land.
No objection was made.
The bill (H. R. No. 1714) to close the land
system in certain States was reported back
from the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. JULIAN. Iam directed by the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands to move to amend this
bill by extending the amount to five thousand
acres, instead of leaving it three thousand
acres, as it. now is.
Mr. PRUYN. The maximum—perhaps it
should be called the minimum—is fixed at five
thousand acres. I think it should be fixed at
twenty-live or fifty thousand acres.
Mr. JULIAN. The amount offive thousand
acres is thought to be a reasonable limit, and
the passage- of this bill into a law will save
thousands of dollars to the Treasury by the dis-
continuance of salaried officers.
Mr. PRUYN. If the gentleman will make
the limit fifty thousand acres 1 think it will be
much better. We do not want two officers to
take care of five thousand acres of laud.
Mr. JULIAN. We have considered that
matter, and it seemed to us that the limit here
fixed was the best under the circumstances. I
now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment of the Committee on the
Public Lands, to increase the amount named
from three to five thousand acres, was then
agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
hayti and san domingo.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the President be requested to fur-
nish to this House, if not incompatible with the publio
interest, any information which he may have, show-
ing that the people of theGovernments of Hayti and
San Domingo are desirous that those Governments
shall become a part of the United States.
order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
state that I shall not to-day ask the House to
go into Committee of the Whole on the legis-
lative appropriation bill. But to-morrow I shall
ask the House to devote the whole day to the
consideration of that bill, and shall move to go
into Committee of the Whole immediately after
the reading of the Journal.
police court fob district of columbia.
The House resumed the consideration of
House bill No. 1627, to establish a police court
for the District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. The pending amendment
will be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the bill the following:
Sec.—. And beit further eimcled, That no expenses
incurred by the organization ofthis courtshall be paid
by the Government of the United States.
Mr. WELICER. Have all the amendments
reported from the committee been acted upon ?
The SPEAKER. The amendments, being
mostly verbal, were agreed to, according to the
report in the Globe.
Mr. WELKER. I did not understand that
they were agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Journal Clerk states
that the amendments are not recorded in the
Journal as adopted. They will therefore be
considered as pending.
Mr. WELKER. in addition to the amend-
ments I have already reported I desire to offer
several verbal amendments, and then action
can be taken on all of them together. I send
the amendments to the Clerk.
The Clerk read the amendments, as follows:
In section one insert after the word " have," in
line five, the words "original and exclusive;" so
that the clause will read: "That there shall be estab-
lished in the District ol Columbia a court, to be called
police court of the District of Columbia, which shall
haveoriginal and exclusivejurisdiction of ail olf^nses
committed in the District of Columbia not deemed
capital or infamous crimes," &o.
In section two insert the words " per annum"
after the word " dollars," in line two, and alter the
same word in line four; so that the section will read
as follows: " That the salary of said judge shall be
$3,000 per annum. The said court shall have power
toapnoint a clerk at a salary of $2,000 per annum;
said clerk shall have power to administer oaths and
affirmations, and shall give bond with surety as pre-
