1809.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
717
scribed by law for clcrks of district courts of the
United fctates, who shall hold his office for six years,
unless sooner removed by said court for good cause "
In section four strike out the word "marshal " in
line seven, and insert "chief of the Metropolitan
police;" in same section, insei t after the word " ex-
ecute ' in line eight the words " or cause to be exe-
cuted^' and after the word "same," in line eight,
insert and make return thereof;" sothattheclause
will read as follows: " Such process may be directed
* "hief of the Metropolitan police of the District
of Columbia, who shall execute, or cause to be exe-
cuted, t he same, and make ret-urn thereof in like
m mner us in other cases."
In section seven strike out in line six the words "in
the same manner," and insert "by the local juris-
diction in winch the offense shall be committed;" so
that the last clause of the section will read: "The
marshal and witnesses shall receive the same fees as
are allowed for similar servieo and attendance m the
supreme court of the District of Columbia, and be
paid by the local jurisdiction in which the offense
snail be committed."
In section ton, after the word "Columbia " in line
four, insert " to bo appointed as provided for in sec-
tion fourteen;" so that the clause will read: "That
said police court shall be provided with a suitable
place for the holding of its sessions at the expense
of the District of Columbia, to be apportioned as pro-
vided for in section fourteen."
In section fifteen insert after the word "penal-
ties " in line two the words " and costs; " and add a
proviso at the end of thesection; so that the entire
section will read: " That all fines and penalties and
costs assessed and collected by said court shall be
paid over by the clerk thereof to the proper author-
ities of the cities of Washington and Georgetown,
a«d said county of Washington, in the same propor-
tion as said mayors and levy court shall apportion
the salaries aforesaid: Provided, That such fines,
penalties, and costs arising from tho violation of the
ordinances of the cities of Washington and George-
town, and the acts of tho levy court of the county of
Washington, shall be respectively paid over to the
proper authorities of said jurisdiction."
Strike out all of section sixteen after the enacting
clause, and insert tho following:
That it shall be the duty of the attorneys of the
cities of Washington and Georgetown and the levy
court of the county of Washington, or their assist-
ants, to attend to the prosecution in said court of all
offenses arising out of the violation of any of the
ordinances of said cities or the laws of said levy
court respectively; and for their services they shall
be paid by th*-ir respective authorities ; and it shall
he the duty of said cities of Washington and George-
town and said levy court respectively, to levy and
collect yearly the necessary tax to defray the ex-
penses incurred under this act.
Strike out all of section seventeen after the enact-
ing clause, and insert the following:
That no justice of the peace in said District of
Columbia shall hereaf er exercise any jurisdiction
over crimes and offenses the jurisdiction of which is
given to the said police court, either for an examina-
tion to hold to bail or final judgment, except that
said justice may, on complaint or actual view, issue
warrants against persons accused of such offenses,
which shall be made returnable to the said police
court, of which ho shall make a record in a book to
be kept for that purpose.
Add the following as anew section:
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, Thatthis actshal'
go into effect on the first Monday of April. 1869, and
a 1 nets or parts of acts inconsistent herewith are
hereby repealed.
Mr. WELKER. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the bill and pending amendments.
Mr. ROSS. Will my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Welker] yield to me for a moment?
Mr. WELKER. After the previous ques-
tion has been seconded I will yield to the gen-
tleman for a few moments.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to offer an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi
nois [Mr. Ross] desires to offer an amend-
ment, which cannot bedone after the previous
question has been seconded.
Mr. WELKER. I cannot consent to the gen-
tleman's amendment; I know what it is.
Mr. HOPKINS. I suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio that section seventeen should be
modified by inserting after the word "by" the
words '"or in consequence thereof," so as to
make the language a little more explicit.
Mr. WELKER. That amendment may inter-
fere with the mode of paying for performing a
part of the duties of the district attorney who
is now paid out of the Government funds.
Mr. HOPKINS. I think the section will
not be peifect without the addition of those
words.
Mr. UPSON. I wish to inquire whether this
bill, as amended, gives authority to the police
court to take cognizance for the purpose of
binding over of offenses higher than those
which it has authority to try.
Mr. WELKER. The bill gives to this court
exclusive and original jurisdiction as to all
offenses less than penitentiary offenses, The
power to hear and examine charges involving
higher grades of crime is left just where it
now is.
Mr. UPSON. It might sometimes be proper
and necessary for this court to bind over for
offenses of a higher grade than those which
it is authorized to try.
Mr. WELKER. That is done by the magis-
trates of the District of Columbia upon con-
sultation with the authorities of the city. It
was thought best to let that matter remain as
it is.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments were agreed to;
and the bill as amended ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. WELKER. I yield five minutes to
the gentleman-from Illinois, [Mr. Ross,] who
wishes to make an explanation.
Mr. ROSS. I suggested to the gentleman
who has charge of this bill that I desired to
offer an amendment to make the judge, clerk,
and bailiff elective by the people of the District.
I was in hopes he would have permitted me to
offer it so as to test the sense of the House in
relation to the great fundamental principle of
free government, permitting the people to elect
their own officers. Mr. Speaker, 1 am aston-
ished at the action of the majority of this House
in reference to this great fundamental princi-
ple. They have declared that the elective
franchise shall be granted to the people of this
District without regard to race or color. But
now it is proposed by this bill to deprive these
people of the exercise of one of the highest
prerogatives pertaining to free government, that
of selecting officers who are to pass upon their
dearest rights of life, liberty, and property. It
is proposed to take away from the people this
right and place the selection of their officers in
the hands of the President of the United States
and Senators of the United States, in the choice
of none of whom have the people of this Dis-
trict any voice. I submit, therefore, to the good
sense of the House that upon every principle
of fair dealing toward the people of this District
it is but right that this bill be recommitted to
thecommittee, with instructions to reporta bill
making these officers elective by the people of
the District, without, as suggested by my friend
near me, distinction of race or color. Have
the majority of this House forgotten that the
colored troops fought bravely? Have they so
soon forgotten the encomiums they have passed
upon the gallant colored men of the District
when they endowed them with the franchise?
Now, with a majority of three fourths on this
floor, it is proposed to deny to these colored
men the right to elect the men who are to pass
upon their rights. I hope the seconding ol the
previous question will be reconsidered, and that
the bill will be recommitted with instructions
to report a bill embodying the fundamental
principle of allowing the people to elect their
own officers.
Mr. WELKER. I move the previous ques-
tion on the passage of this bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the vole
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The time of the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia is exhausted.
The next committee in order under the call is
the Committee on the Judiciary.
corporations in tub district.
Mr. KOONTZ. I ask unanimous consent
to report irom the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia a bill (S. No. 102) providing
for the formation of corporations and regulat-
ing the same in the District of Columbia, for
the purpose of having it printed and recom-
mitted to the committee.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. BROOKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
BhANTON DUNCAN.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1811) for the benefit of Blanton Duncan;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill reinvests the petitioner with all the
rights acquired and now held by the United
States to li is property und er proceedings against
him or his property in the district court of the
United States for the district of Kentucky, with
the right to all the rents and .profits thereof
which have not been placed in the Treasury
of the United States, except such portion
thereof as the officers of said court are entitled
to as costs and fees.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. This case arises ou^®
of the following state of faeis: this petitioner
was the owner oflile estate in certain property
in the city of Louisville, Kentucky, with re-
mainder over .to his children. At the com-
mencement of the rebellion or soon thereafter
he engaged in the rebel service. His property
was libeled under the act of 1862 and condem ned
by a decree of the district court of the United
States for the district of Kentucky; but the
court, instead of enterin2 a decree of condem-
nation and sale, directed that the rents should
be forfeited to the United States, collected
and used for the benefit of the Army and Navy :
of the United States. As the committee are
informed, about ten or twelve thousand dollars
of rents have been collected. Some six thou-
sand dollars will be deducted from thatamo unt,
under the provisions of this bill, for the pur-
pose of paying the costs attending the pro-
ceedings, leaving some five or six thousand
dollars to go to this petitioner. I am satisfied
myself that if this case should be carried from
the circuit court of Kentucky to the Supreme
Court of the United States the decree of the
court below must be reversed ; and the only
question in my mind is whether this party
shall have this relief without the cost attend-
ing the prosecution of his writ of error in the
Supreme Court, or have it by the expenditure
of the amount of money necessary to carry hia
case through that court. That is, in brief, a
statement of the case. I will state one thing fur-
ther, however, in connection with the conduct
of the petitioner during the progress of tho war.
He left the service of the confederacy, having
some difficulty with members of that govern-
ment, and went, out of the country. But there
are papers on file in the case—letters from Gov-
ernor Holdeu, of North Carolina, and from
Governor Bullock, of Georgia—showing that
during the time that he was in service at Wil-
mington, in North Carolina, he performed a
great many acts of kindness to Union prison-
ers. The granting of this relief is recommended
by the Governors of whom I have spoken, aud
also by Rev. Dr. Breckinridge, of Kentucky,
and several other prominent Union men of
the country. Unless further information is
desired I propose to call the previous question.
Mr. UPSON. Supposing the case were car-
ried up to the Supreme Court and the decision
of the court below reversed, as the gentleman
says, would it take away the right of'a new trial ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Well, I think so,
sir, for this reason: that in addition to that the
case then would be met with the pardon in the
court below. This petitioner was pardoned
and presented his pardon in the court below,
after, however, the rendition of the judgment,
and the court held that the pardon therefore
did not restore him to his rights of property.
Mr, MULL1NS. I would like to make a
few remarks.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If you want any
