718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
information I have no objection to answering
a question.
Mr. MULLINS. Well, the point that stag-
gers me is why it becomes necessary for the
Congress of the United States to take up these
individual cases that the courts have had under
pdjudication and have in part decided. And
now, for fear that a rebel will have a little jus-
tice done him in the way of taking out of his
pocket what ought to have been taken long ago,
weakening him so that he could not have fought,
we are to supervene and take this money away
from the court and give it back to this man to
larrup us again if it becomes necessary in his
judgment. [Laughter.] He will fight us again
with double vengeance, and we are to pat him
on the back and say, "Well done, thou good
and faithful servant." [Laughter.] You have
killed Abraham Lincoln and a good many more
and by your bad example 
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I must resume the
floor.
Mr. McKEE. I did not catch the whole of
the statement made by the chairman of the
K^Iommittee on the Judiciary, and I desire to
ask him how much money, if any, that has
already been collected this bill proposes to pay
back ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. As I stated, from
the information the committee has it will be
from five to six thousand dollars. The money
is now, I understand, in the hands and under
the control of the marshal, and has not been
paid into the Treasury. All that may have
been paid into the Treasury will be deducted,
and also all expenses attending this proceeding.
Mr. McKEE. Wiih the permission of the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] I desire
' to say one or two words in regard to this case.
Of course I know nothing about it except what
has been stated. It strikes me that if the state-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa is true—and
I do not question his statement, and of course
have no right to do so—he has his remedy in
the Supreme Court, and by going there he may,
as he probably would, obtain a reversion of the
judgment of the court below. If so, I see no
reason why we should come ill here and pass
a special bill in order to hasten the time when
this man may get back this money, which it is
possible the court may decide not to be justly
due to him.
I supposed when the measure of confiscation
was passed it was with the intent to carry it
out in good faith. I believe that the chief fault
to-day is that we have not rigidly euforced that
confiscation act, and by that means have saved
part of the expenses of the nation. I do not
know what may have been the course of this
man during the rebellion or since, except that
I know that he was among the very first men
to leave my own State to enter the rebellion,
and furthermore, that he remained with that
cause, or was connected with it, until he per-
haps quarreled with some of the leaders, and
then he left the country. But I have no rea-
son to suppose that he has changed his senti-
ments in regard to the rebellion, and 1 do not
believe he has. _ It strikes me that this bill is
simply a proposition to pay back to one of the
men who rebelled against the Government of
the United States a certain amount which we
have taken from him under our laws. If the
law is iu error, or any error has been commit-
ted under it, then let the court so decide. But
J certainly think it is no part of wisdom for this
House to come in and anticipate what may or
may not be the decision of the court in this
case.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] yield to
nie (or a few moments?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The cir-
cumstances of this case, Mr. Speaker, which
have been brought to my knowledge, are very
peculiar. !t is the only case of the kind ; itis
itself without parallel; there is no other case
like it in the United States; and under our
laws, as they now stand, there can be no other
case like it. The question involved has been
decided differently in different States. It seems
that in this ease there was a judgment of con-
fiscation by the court which is appealed to the
Supreme Court; aud there it stands to-day to
be determined at the end of one or two years.
No general principle has been settled; the prop-
erty has not passed into private hands, but is
held by the United States marshal to answer
the decision of the court. The question now
is shall we confiscate a single lot of land under
these circumstances, and permit every other
lot of land to escape, and every other piece of
property belonging to those who have be<jn in
rebellion? It seems to me that there should
be some general policy. The policy of the
country, the policy of the Government, the
policy of tins House, has been, and is at this
day, to condone, to give up and return to the
claimants all private property iu the hands of
the United States not used, or the proceeds of
which have not been expended.
Here is a case where a man has been brought
before the court, and while his property is
before the court the property of every other man
is released. As a matter of law I am inclined
to think that the President's policy of amnesty
has released this also; but of that I am not
certain. I think if it has any power at all it
does that. This claimant was undoubtedly an
officer in the confederate service. Since the
surrender he has loyally and properly accepted
the situation. Having done that, hefinds prop-
erty belonging to his wife in the courts of the
United States. For one, while, as everybody
knows, I am not very much inclined to yield
the rights of the United States, yet I do not
see any reason for making an example of this
man alone. Ill the courts of Delaware prop-
erty situated precisely as this has been given
up by the judgment ot the court. In the courts
of Kentucky the property was not given up,
and the case is now pending before the Supreme
Court. Under these circumstances I would
ask my friend from Kentucky [Mr. McKee]
why he should seek for what there is in the
character of this man that will justify his being
punished beyond all others ? Has he sinned
any more than others?
Mr. McKEE. Allow me to reply to the gen-
tleman. It is not that I would seek to make
this man an example above any or all others
who were engaged in the rebellion against the
Government; because, while I regard his case
as bad enough, it is certainly not worse than
that of all those who have done the same thing
that he has done. But in his case there exists
a state of affairs which exists in no other ; in
his case there has been a judgment of a court
taking away from liiin his property, which has
not been restored to him. This circumstance
does not exist in any other case. The point I
make is simply this: I believe it is not wise or
right for this House, by a private bill, passed
for the benefit of one individual, to forestall
or anticipate what may be the action of the
court upon an appeal which has already been
taken. In regard to the money involved in
this case, which has not been turned over into
the Treasury of the United States, but remains
in the hands of the marshal or his officers, that
money is certainly as safe in their custody as
if it were turned over into the hands of the
party from whom it has been taken.
_ Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I only
yielded to the gentleman for a question, and I
must resume the floor. The gentleman con-
cedes that this man is in no different position,
so far as his offense is concerned, from that
occupied by any other man who has been en-
gaged in the rebellion. The gentleman also
agrees with me that there is no other case in
the United States like this. Hence we are set-
ting no precedent; we are making no improper
departure from the general policy of Congress.
Unfortunately, however, it happens that this
single ease pending before the courts is not
determined. Now, why should we compel
this party to await an adjudication by the Su-
preme Court some two or three years hence,
a large portion of the fund in dispute being
meanwhile consumed in the payment of fees
and costs? Why should we thus puuifeh him
as we punish nobody else?
Mr. MULLINS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. MULLINS. Is there any oih er ciise in
which Congress has thus intei vened for the
relief of a single individual whose case was
pending before the court.?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
answer the gentleman. I have already stated
that no other case like this has occurred in the
United States, except a case in Delaware,
where, by the judgment of the court, the prop-
erty was turned over to the claimants. Hence,
there can be no case in which Congress has
intervened in the precise way proposed here.
But this only differs from a thousand other
cases in the fact that this case happens to be
in court. We have given up thousands and
thousands of dollars' worth of property to
everybody else.
Mr. MULLINS. One other question. Where
is the difference between this case and the Sue
Murphey case ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will state
the aifference between this case and the Sue
Muryhey case. During the war we used the
property of Sue Murphey for the Army, and
having used that property in the war we have
let the war settle itself. But the question in
the present case is whether now, four years
after the close of the war, when we have given
up the property of everybody else, the prop-
erty of Sue Murphey and all others, we should
make this man's ease an exception. There
might be a parallel between this case and the
Sue Murphey case provided we now proposed
to go down and take possession of Sue Mur-
phey's farm.
Mr. MULLINS. What is the difference
between paying this man and paying Sue
Murphey ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
already said that wo do not propose to pay this
man anything. We used his property during
the war, and as far as regards such use he
must be the loser. But now the war being
over, the question is, Shall we take away from
him the lands which we used simply because
his ease happens to be in court? 1 am willing
that there shall be a uniform policy in reference
to matters of this kind ; and it is iu accordance
with the policy of Congress, the policy of the
country, the policy of the Government in all
its branches, that this property which has been
used shall be restored. I think the whole
power ot this Government should not fall upon
one individual.
Mr. MILLER. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts whether there is
any peculiar reason in this case why this money
should be refunded?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is not
to be refunded.
Mr. MILLER. As I understand, the bill
provides for paying out of the Treasury any
profits which have been received.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let me
state once more the point in this case. This
man's property was taken and sold under a
process of the United States court and the
money is held by the marshal, but the case is
not yet decided. This bill does not propose to
take any money out of the Treasury, but only
to give this man the money for which his prop-
erty was sold.
Mr. MILLER. Was not his property sold
in consequence of his participation in the
rebellion ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It was
sold in order to answtr a judgment of a court
when that judgment should be rendered.
Mr. VViLSON, of Iowa. Thegentlemmi from
Massachusetts is in error. The property has
not been sold at all.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I so under-
stood.
