1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
719
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I
have a statement of the district judge of Ken-
tucky in reference to this case, and I find that
the character of the decree rendered by the
court is d scribed in these words:
" The decree was in substance ' that the property
seized, the rents then collected, and the rents to be
collected be condemned as enemy's property and
forfeited to theUiiited States, the same after the pay
ment of costs and charges to be to the use of the
United States for the use of the Array and Navy of
the same,' "
Now that is a most remarkable decree. This
is not a condemnation of the property of Mr.
Duncan in the life estate which he held, but it
is a decree of condemnation to the use of the
United States, not only of rents which had
accrued but which were to accrue in the future,
leaving in Mr. Duncan the life estate ; not con-
demning that, not providing for the use of it,
but simply declaring that the United States will
go on and collect the rents as they become due,
and. that tliey shall inure to the benefit of the
United States. _ Now, I do not believe that a
decree of that kind would stand in the Supreme
Court of the United States any longer than it
would require to present it.
Mr. SPALDING. Is not that the best place
to send it?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The Committee on
the Judiciary became satisfied, in view of all
the circumstances of the case, after examina-
tion of the claimant as to his views concerning
questions involved m the present condition of
the country, that it was not just to make an
exception of his case and require him to wait
two or three years to get his remedy, putting
him to the additional expense of carrying his
case through the Supreme Court when we
know what the judgment must be.
Mr. SPALDING-. If the gentleman will
allow me I am perfectly willing to play quits
with this man. Let him take his property
back, but do not let him take anything that
has already gone into the United States
Treasury.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. We do not propose
to let him take the money out of the Treasury.
We propose to hold all the money which has
been paid into the Treasury. The bill provides
that so much as is necessary to pay the costs
of the proceeding shall be deducted and he
shall receive the balance.
Mr. McKEE. Will the gentleman allow me
one minute?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not want to
consume any more time.
Mr. McKEE. I desire to reply to what has
been said by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. He says this is the only case that has
been presented in regard to the confiscation
law. I think it is, and we ought to adhere to
the decision that has been made until it has
been reversed, if for no other purpose than to
vindicate our laws.
One word more. As I said before, I think
the proper course is to let it go on to the Su-
preme Court. While I have great confidence
in the Judiciary Committee, especially in the
judgment of its chairman, I recognize the fact
that the district judge of Kentucky is one of
the ablest men in that part of the country, a
clear-headed lawyer whose decisions have
been very correct; but I am willing to allow
this case to go on, and when his decision is
reversed then it will be time to pay back the
money.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman's
argument has two lines. First, lie wants a
decision of the Supreme Court in order to vin-
dicate the confiscation act of 1882. Now, he
will get no such judgment in this ease. In the
next place, he wants to have this party deprived
of his property because it is the only case where
the law can reach it.
Mr. HARDING-. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman if this is the only instance in which the
Government of the United States has appro-
priated the property of rebels under the confis-
cation act?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. No, sir ; I do not
make any such statement.
Mr. HARDING. I understood the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to say this is the only
case in which the power was to be exercised.
Mr. BUILEll, of Massachusetts. Oh, no.
Mr. HARDING-. Then I protest against
the declaration, it I am allowed to say it, that
it is the policy of the Government of the
United States to condone and return to rebels
all the property which we have taken from
them. It is not the policy of the Government
which I happen to be a part of; it may be the
policy of Andrew Johnson and his colleagues,
but it is not the policy of the Republican peo-
ple of the United States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I trust
the gentleman from lovva will allow me a
word. I did not say that it was our policy to
return all the property taken. I said ex-
pressly that everything that was taken during
the war from enemies of the Government, to
be used by the country, or put in the Treasury
of the United States, should stay there. But
the question is, after the war is over, after
everything has been done, and it is the pres-
ent policy of the country not to take any more
private property during this time of peace
from the insurgents, but to restore them their
private property, whether in this single in-
stance, which is the only instance in the United
States where it is or can be done, we shall
take this man's property?
Mr. HARDING. I understand that they
have taken it already, and that it is in the mar-
shal's hands.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not wish to
consume the whole morning hour on this bill.
There are other committees that desire to
report, and I will simply say in conclusion that
the case was carefully examined by the com-
mittee, and we came to the conclusion that the
bill ought to pass. I now demand the previous
question upon the bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to lay the bill on
the table, unless the gentlemen will allow me
to move to amend it so as to give every " reb "
a pension.
The question was put on Mr. Scofield's
motion ; and there were—ayes 56, noes 50.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
negative, and the bill is not laid on the table.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, and Mr. SCO-
FIELD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 80, not voting
56; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Baker, Beam an,
Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Boles, Broomall, Buck-
land, Buckley, Oallis, Cnft, Cobb, Coburn, Oorley,
Covode, Culloin, Donnelly. Eggleston, Ela, Ferriss,
Fields, French, Halsey, Hamilton, Harding. Haw-
kins, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hun-
ter, Judd, Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kotcham, Koontz,
Lalhn, George V. Lawrence. William Lawrence,
Loan, Mallory, Maynard, McKee, Miller, Moore,
Morrell, Mullins, Nov,-(tomb, Newsham, Norris,
Nunn, O'Neill, Orrh, Paine. Perham, Peters, Pierce.
Plants, Polsley, Raum, Boots, Sawyer, Scofield,
Selye, Shanks, Shellabarger, Starkweather, Stokes,
Stover. John Trimble, Van Aernara, Burt Van Horn.
Van Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B.
Washburne,Henry D. Washburn, William B. Wash-
bum, Welker, Whittemore, Thomas Williams, Wil-
liam Williams, John T.Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
and Windom—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, James M. Ashley, Bailey,
Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Beck, Bingham, Blair,
Boutwoll, Bowen, Boyden. Brooks, Burr, Benjamin
F. Butler, Cary, Chanler, Churchill, Cornell, .Dawes,
Dewcese, Dockery, Dodge. Edwards, Thomas D.
Eliot. Farnsworth, Ferry, Fox, Getz. Glossbrenner,
Golladay, Goss. Gove, Grover, Haight, Haughey, Hea-
ton, Hotchkiss, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey,
Ingersoll. Jenekes, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones,
Thomas L. Jones, Kolley. Kerr, Kitchen, Knott,
Lash. Marshall. Marvin, McOormiek, McCullough,
Moorhead, Mungen, Myers, Niblack, Nicholson,
Pettis, Phelps, Prince, Pruyn, Randall, Robertson,
Robinson, Ross, Spalding, Stewart, Stone, Tabor,
Thomas, Upson, Van Auken, Van Trump, James
i<\ Wilson, Wood, Woodbridge, Woodward, and
Young—80. , , , ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Ames, Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, Axtell, Baldwin, Blackburn,
Blaine, Boyer, Bromweli, Roderick R. Butler, Gakc,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Ciarke, Cook. Delano,
Dickey, Bison, Drisrg?, Eckley, Eldiidge, James I.
Elliott, Garfield, Gravely, Gnswold, Higby, Hill,
Holman, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Lincoln,
Logan, Loughridge, Lynch. McCarthy, Mercur, Mor-
rissey, Pike, Pile, Poland, Pomeroy, Price. Schenck,
Sitgreavcs, Smith, Stevens, Sypher, Taffe, Taylor,
Tift, Lawrence S. Trimble, Trowbridge. Twichell,
Robert T. Van Horn, Vidal, and Ward—56.
So the bill was laid on the table.
During the roll-call,
■ Mr. BENTON said: My colleague, Mr.
Stevens, is absent from the House in conse-
quence of sickness. If here, I doubt not, he
would vote "ay."
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. HARDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid on the table;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed a bill (S. No. 781) for the relief of
Alpheus C. Gallahue, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled a bill (H. R. No. 394) confirming title
to Little Rock Island in the Mississippi river ;
when the Speaker signed the same.
leave of absence.
Mr. Barnes obtained leave of absence until
next Tuesday.
Mr. Cornell obtained leave of absence for
ten days from next Monday. \
Mr. Butler, of Tennessee, obtained leav&
of absence for ten days. *
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has •
expired.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that they
had examined and found duly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act(H. R. No. 833) for the relief of Rufus
M. Hollister, of Janesville, Wisconsin; and
An act (H. R. No. 1751) in relation to the
appointment of midshipmen from the lately
reconstructed States.
alexander dunbar.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting, in compliance
with a resolution of the House of the 19th in-
stant, a report by the Quartermaster General,
relative to the employment of Alexander Dun-
bar to instruct veterinary surgeons of the United
States Army.
Mr. WOOD. I ask that the report of the
Quartermaster General be read.
Mr. RANDALL. Let it be printed.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to move its reference,
with instructions, and for that purpose 1 desire
it to be read that the House may understand it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair presents these
matters in this way for reference only. If they
give rise to debate, or their reading is insisted
upon, thus consuming much of the time of the
House, the Chair will withdraw them and let
them come up in their regular order when
the House is considering business upon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. WOOD. Very well; I will move that it
be referred to the Committee on Expenditures
in the War Department, and ordered to be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
military force in new york.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
in compliance wiih House resolution of the
18tli ultimo, relative to the number of civilians,
commissioned officers, and enlisted men em-
ployed in the military service in and around
New York city; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
