1869.
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
witness 1 make no objection at all to his being
called. On the contrary, I shall vote that he
be called here to testify upon that point.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. My colleague,
I think, has forgotten what occurred in the
committee-room. I do not remember precisely
whether he waspresent or not at the particular
time the case of this witness was considered,
but I do know that the fact was stated m the
committee that it was expected that- he would
prove precisely what | have stated. I appre-
hend my colleague from Illinois [Mr. Ross]
will remember that. I know that both the gen-
tlemen composing the minority of the commit-
tee will do me the justice to say that I have
never withheld from them any fact connected
with any witness or with the investigation, as to
which fact they have made any inquiry or which
they could in any sense deem it proper for me
to communicate to them.
Mr. KERR. I desire to say 
The SPEAKER. The Chair suggests that
it is not regular to debate what occurred in the
committee-room except when ifc is presented in
the shape of a written report. Both sides have
been heard, and the Chair doubts whether it is
proper to continue the discussion.
Mr. KERR. I have no desire to do so, but
we should be allowed to be heard on this side.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was under the
impression that both sides had been heard. If
the gentleman thinks otherwise the Chair will
not insist upon enforcing the rule.
Mr. KERR. I have been heard on all the
points except the last one suggested by my col-,
league. , .„
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will pro-
ceed till some member arrests him by a point
of order. , _ '
Mr. KERR. I wish to say that I have not
intended to impeach the personal conduct of
the chairman of the committee toward the
minority. He has certainly been kind. But
I must also say, in justice to myself and to the
truth, which this record will disclose when it
comes to be published, that we have not had
fair and equal opportunities to elicit evidence
in this case in behalf of that party that has
been most attacked by the conduct of the ma-
jority. Further than that I do not desire now
t0 Mr.' LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Well, I am
willing to stand upon the record. I now yield
to my colleague on the committee from Mas-
sachusetts. .
Mr. DAWES. My colleagues upon the com-
mittee will pardon me if I say that I think the
quest-ion before the House is not what this
witness would testify to, or whether this or
that has transpired in the committee or not,
but it is simply whether a witness shall be
made to obey the subpena of this House;
and there is nothing further m the question
'^regret exceedingly that this discussion has
arisen about what has transpired m the com-
mittee, or what has been the testimony pro-
duced before the committee, and what is pro-
posed to be proved by a witness. It is not for
the witness to judge himself whether the testi-
mony is material or not. It is for the House
to say whether its subpena shall be obeyed
when properly served on him as a witness, and
it seems to ine there is nothing further in the
man from Massachusetts [Mr. BouTWETi] to
reconsider the vote by which the bill (H. R.
No. 1G67) to secure equal privileges and immu-
nities to citizens of the United States, and to
enforce the provisions of article fourteen of the
amendments to the Constitution, and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 402) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
were recommitted to the Committee on the
Judiciary. The gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Paine] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PAINE. I yield the floor to I,
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kell
M-r. KELLEY. I have undertaken
at the end of twenty minutes to the genH^han
from Ohio, [Mr. ShellabarghB, ] and tffen I
yield the remainder of my time to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Bikgham.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will, then,
arrest the remarks of the gentleman at the end
of twenty minutes.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, it is not neces-
sary that I should address the House to inform
gentlemen who were members of the Thirty-
Eighth or Thirty-Ninth Congress what my views
are on either of the questions now pending.
I have advocated such an amendment of the
Constitution and such a law from 1865, when I
was first convinced that the Constitution vests
in Congress the right to regulate the suffrage,
and as an amendment to the bill which called
forth thecelebrated Wade and Davis manifesto,
proposed a clause which would have invested
with the right of suffrage those citizens of
African descent who had served in the Army
or the Navy or who could read the Constitution
of the United States. The first provision was
accepted by the committee and embodied m
the bill, and the House rejected the other.
The Republican party was then groping timidly
in the dark. Whether it now sees its duty more
clearly we are about to lean* by the fate of the
pending propositions. On the 27th of Febru-
ary, 18t>6, after several brief incidental dis-
cussions of the point, I laid before the House
copious authorities in support of my theory,
drawn from the debates in the Federal Con-
vention for framing the Constitution and the
several State conventions which accepted it,
and closed my remarks with a prophecy which,
I trust, is about to be fulfilled at this time.
C3Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio
\
I now ask the
PrThrpSrevio8us°question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I have another
nrivileaed resolution which I desire to report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain it at this time, as the motion to recon-
sider, whicli is the unfinished business and
doubly privileged, now comes up.
Mr LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will take
another opportunity to present it.
SUFFRAGE.
The SPEAKER, The House ndw-resumes
the consideration of the motion oMhe gentle-
3x> Si-sk—>To. -JG.
"In conclusion, I repeat that I hold that all the
power this amendment will give is already in the
Bonstitution. I admit that it has lain doimant. I
admit that there has been raised oyer itasuperin-
eumbent mass of State and political usage and jud:i-
eial decisions that is mountain high ; but when i
remember the mass ofjudicial decisions, ol State and
political usage, which was swept away by the decis-
ion of Judge 'taney's court that the Missouri coin-
promise was unconstitutiona1 I am pemiaded tha
it will vet bequickencd and called into action, in
aroused people will demand that all the J^e^hall
the Constitution be exercised so that each btatesnau
hp guarantied a republican government, and tbat
thooiS Of each State
privileges and immunities of citizenship there
SDective States; but as some gentlemen question the
existence of the power, and others the propriety of
exercising it at this time, 1 hope we will submit this
amendment to the people, that they may laoie ex.
illicitly empower Congress to enforce and maintain
their righ ts throughout the limits of our wide-syi ea
country." . .
Sir, I came upon this mass of historic evi-
dence when seeking to relieve my mmd from
the doubts in which public opinion had been
involved by the persistent assertions aud nue-
spun logic of the advocates of State sovereignty
upon the question, is sovereignty m the States
or the United States. In reading the Consa-
tution I found that section two of article
four provides that—
44 Tho filizens of each State shall be entitled to all
priimmunitio. of citizens in the several
St And yet I saw citizens leave the State of
Miine or New Hampshire or Massachusetts,
voters, jurors, and possible officeholders, and
pass into the State of the gentleman who im-
pressed the House so eloquently last night
Kentucky—[Mr. McKeb.] and be degradea bj
her laws to the position he so touchin ly de-
scribed, in which they might be robbed of prop-
X L'lite itself: and, though twenty persons
erty or'liie itself: and, though twenty per _
with a slight infusion ol African blood m then
veins beheld the transaction, the court by ex-
cluding those witnesses from the witness-stand
by reason of the taint in their blood would
adjudge that 110 crime had been committed.
I asked myself can it be possible that the
framers of our Constitution had undertaken to
secure the privileges and immunities of citizens
in,411 the States to all the citizens of each State
}Jut had provided no means of securing them.
''I could not believe they had been guilty of so
fatal an omission.
Proceeding in the study of the letter of the
Constitution I found that article four of the
same section says :
" The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of Government.
How was this power to be exercised ? How
was the guarantee to be carried into effect I
Accenting the political dogmas of the parties
of those days—for on this point they did not
differ—I could find no provision by which these
high duties of the Government could be exe-
cuted. Finding the political teachers of the
day utterly at fault, I went back, as I have said,
to consult those who framed the Constitution,
and asked, what did they say to each other
in the discussion of that august Convention,
charged with a duty as grand as ever was con-
fided to any deliberative body ? I turned to the
recorded views of  J&roes Madison^ tits le&dei
of that Convention, and who is known to his-
tory as its father because of the influence he
exercised in its counsels and in molding its
conclusions. I found that on the 13th of June,
1788, in the Virginiaconvention, Mr. Madison,
in response to Mr. Monroe, who appealed to
him as the gentleman wjjo had been in the 1< ed-
eral Convention for an explanation of section
four of article one, explained that it provided
for the execution of both these guarantees. And
in my remarks ot February 27, 1866, when I
pressed upon the attention of the House all the
authorities from this source which have yet
been brought to the attention of the House, I
quoted the following from his reply:
" Some States might regulate the elections on the
principles of eauality. and others might regulate
them otherwise. This diversity would be obviously
unjust. Elections are regulated now unequally10
some States, particularly South Carolina, with 10-
snect to Charleston, which has a representation ot
thirty members. Should the people of any State by
any means be deprived of the right of suffrage, it
was judged proper that it should be remedied V>y the
General Government."
Are not hundreds of thousands of the peo-
ple of Kentucky, Maryland, and Delaware
deprived of the right of suffrage ?_ Are not
forty thousand people in Pennsylvaniaaepnyed
of it? Do not Ohio and Indiana and other
States withhold from citizens of African de-
scent that essential right, and is it-not the duty
of Congress to invest them with it by executing
that provision of the Constitution winch James
Madison pointed to as the means by which
it could be secured to each and all?
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. KELLEY. Having but twenty minutes
in which to discuss so grave a question I must
decline to yield to any one at this time.
Thus the question of the power of Congress
to enact the pending bill was brought distinctly
before the Virginia convention, and this was
the answer made by "the father ot the Con-
stitution:" ,
" Should the people of any State by any means bo
denrived of the right of suffrage it was judged proper
that uThould be remedied by the General Govern-
merit."
]f gentlemen ask why, if Congress possesses
it, the States have been permitted to exercise
this power, as was asked on the first day of the
debate by the gentleman from Kentucky, (.air.
Kxott,] I reply in the language of that same
speech of Mr. Madison, as follows:
"It was fmnd impossible to fix the time.
and manner of the election of Representative, in the
Constitution It \?as found necc^arv to 1c.«ao <n
herniation of this, in the first place, to foe
m,menu, as being best acquiuntcd Ki h th. w u
lion of the people,, f-aujec^ to the « mtiol of t -
era! Government, in older to '".i"141'
uniformity «md ,mt 1,~ "wn dilution.
Out Madison was not the <*n!y
