722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
who so expounded the clause of the Constitu-
tion! refer to, nor -was Virginia the only State
that accepted the Constitution tinder that in-
terpretation of the clause. In the North
Garolina, convention Mr. Bloodworlh asked
this question :
"Now, sir, does not this clause givo an unlimited
and unbounded power to Congress over the times,
places, and manner of choosing Representatives ?"
And answered Ms own question with another
of great significance, as follows :
" May not thoir power over the manner of election
enable them to exclude from voting every descrip-
tion of men they please? "
North Carolina was thus notified of the con-
struction of the clause, yet, with Virginia, she
adopted the Constitution. The same views
were presented in New England. I quote
from the debates of the Massachusetts conven-
tion the remarks of Theophiius Parsons, as
follows;
" But a State Legislature, under the influence of
their Senators, who would have their fullest confi-
dence, or under the influence of ambitious or popu-
lar characters, or in time of popular commotion,
and when faction and party spirit run high, would
introduce such regulations as would render the right
of the people insecure aDd of little value. They
might make an unequal and partial division of the
State into districts for the election of Representa-
tives, or they might even disqualify one third of the
electors. Without tliese powers in Congress, tho
people can have no remedy; but the fourth section
provides a remedy, a controlling power in the Legis-
lature, composed of Senators and Representatives
of twelve States, without the influence of our com-
motions and factions, who will hearimpartially, and
preserve and restore to the people their equal and
sacred rights of election."
Mr. Speaker, as early as 1807, but seventeen
years after the adoption of the Constitution, the
Democratic party in. this House, through its
leading orator, John Randolph, of Virginia,
could find no answer to the proposition other
than that it had lapsed by non-user. They
contended that a correlative power, residing,
as Madison had said, primarily in the State,
but subject to the supervision of Congress, had
lapsed, had become a dead-letter in seventeen
years, before it had been fairly tested whether
the States would regulate the suffrage upon
principles of justice!
If gentlemen will refer to the annals of Con-
gress, Tenth Congress, first session, page 887,
they will find that in the discussion of the con-
tested-election ease of Barney vs. Creery Mr.
Pisk, of Vermont, announced the theory I am
now advocating. The report reads as follows:
I /'There was one part of the Constitution applica-
ble in tho present discussion which had not been
noticed. Ho alluded to thefourthseetionnf thefirst
article. Ihe times, places, and manner,' Ac. Mr
JHHk would only ask the gentleman Irom Vireima
(Mr Randolph,) who had so ably defended the right
ot ruebtates. ii thepoweroJCongresswasnotcoecma,!
and coextensive with that of tho States. Congress
might alter and prescribe the rule of elections so far
as respected the time,manner, and place, li'hewoi-d
manner is italicized in the report.] If tliogcntle-
raan contended that the States had a right to fix
thOS-lineright "mSt a'S° admU th,lt Cousress hfl'1
John Randolph, of Roanoke, had no other
reply to make to the suggestion than this: ;
gentleman from Vermont has quoted a part
of the Constitution which had nothing to do with this
?fct7wS1?b.\in fa& in this day is nothing better
mont nfolf f K-t 0uld Gentleman from Ver-
ma™S nf hnM? ito ?e£ulate the tune, place, and
manner ot holding elections m the several fnv
members to that House? After all that could hi
Oon^fnfrf'166, ^"-established practice under the
• l°h,n E{j?dolPh on that day surroundefi
in the two Houses of Congress by members of til
Federal Convention andofthe several Statecor?
ventions, and m their presets did not dare to
deny that the power asserted by Mr Pist
which the friends of the pending bill propose to
exercise, had beenembodiedmtheConstitution-
but, evading the issue, he claimed that because
in the brief period of seventeen years it had not
been exercised by Congress it bad lapsed or
become a dead-letter. I would like some of
the lawyers of this House to show mo how the
powers expressly conferred on a Government
by a written Constitution can lapse because no
January 29,
emergency requiring their exercise has arisen.
So preposterous a suggestion required the
genius and fame of John Randolph to secure
it a respectful hearing.
This power is not, I freely admit, one to be
exercised by Congress in the first instance.
The regulation of the suffrage is left primarily
to the States. If they regulate it according to
the principles of justice then their action
stands; but if not, Congress is required to ex-
ercise its supervisory power. And, gentlemen,
has not the time arrived for the exercise of this
power%' Do not two hundred and fifty thou-
sand cftizens of the United States in the single
State"'of Kentucky, whose homes and persons
anjfavaged with legal impunity, whose prop-
erty is insecure, who have no voice in the Gov-
ernment, whose appeals for justice may not be
heard in the courts of that State, proclaim to
you and to the country that the time has come
when a Republican Congress should call into
operation this latent power, and give them and
the people similarly situated in other States the
power to protect themselves by the peaceful
exercise of the right of suffrage in the choice
of legislators and other officers? This duty is
before us, and we cannot with honor shrink
from or evade it. Sound policy and justice
with equal voice demand its performance.
How, sir, by means other than the passage
of this bill, can we do justice to the citizens of
those States who recognize, as all ought to,
the citizenship of every man? How other-
wise will you carry out as to them the fourth
section of the second article of the Constitu-
tion, and secure them "in each State all the
privileges and immunities of citizens in the
several States ? " By no other means can that
clause of your Constitution be executed. By
what other means can you guaranty to each
State "a republican form of government?,J
Gentlemen may answer that it may be done by
a constitutional amendment. To secure the
adoption of such an amendment may require
several years, and this duty is already laid upon
Congress, and ought to be performed by the
immediate passage of a law, and we may then
endeavor to make it a part of the Constitution
also. It should be embodied in distinct lan-
guage in the fundamental law of the land.
-But gentlemen cannot avoid their responsi-
bility ill the premises by shrinking from the
performance of plain duty or attempting to cast
it upon the Legislatures of the several States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHELLABARGBK next addressed the
House. [See Appendix.]
Leave was granted to Mr. Bowex and "Mr.
LocGHRiDGEtoprintspeeches. rSeeApnendix. 1
Mr BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I fullycon-
cur with my colleague [Mr. Shellabarger] in
all that he has said touching the objectionable
features of the amendment as presented by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boot-
well.] The House, I have 110 doubt, will
concur with me in saying that the only limita-
tion that the amendment imposes upon the
original powers now in the several States of
this Union is the limitation that they shall not
restrict the elective franchise in the persons
of citizens by reason of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of slavery. Those three terms
are the only terms of limitation in it, and hence
it is manifestly true that this power remaining
in the States, in 110 other manner fettered by
the proposed amendment, may be exercised to
the end that an aristocracy of property may be
established, an aristocracy of intellect may be
established, an aristocracy ot" sect may be es-
tablished ; in short, what has been done in
JNew Hampshire in regard to official qualifica-
tions may be done in every State in this Union
in regard both to the qualifications of electors
and the qualifications of officers; that is to say,
the btates may setup a religious test, and pro-
nounce at once that all who are not of the
i rotestant faith shall be disqualified either to
wtv vc ? office' ttnd add thereto a prop-
tion ^ ^cation and an educational qualifica-
Hence, I believe, if we are going to touch
this question by amendment we ought so to
amend the proposition of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] that the
amendment presented to the people for their
approval will inform them that upon its adop-
tion these abuses by States will hereafter be
impossible. To that end I have offered an
amendment which, in substance, is the same as
that proposed by my colleagup, [Mr. Shella-
barger,] with a single exception. I propose to
amend the proposition of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] so that it will
read as follows:
Sec 1. No State shall make or enforce anv law
which shall abridge or deDy to any male citizen of
the United States of sound mind and twenty-one
years of ago or upward the equal exercise of tho
elective franchise, subject to such registration laws
as the State may establish, at all elections in the
State wherein he shall have actually resided for a
period of one year next preceding such election, ex-
cept such of said citizens as shall hereafter engage in
"•ebelhon °r insurrection, or who may have been or
shall be duly convicted of treason or other infamous
crime.
I desire to give in passing one reason that
controls me in presenting this amendment in
this form, as to the term of residence required—
one year next preceding the election in the
State in which he shall offer to vote—that
reason is this: each year there are landed upon
our shores hundreds of thousands of adult per-
sons who are aliens of—by the modern inven-
tion of forged naturalization papers, the Gov-
ernment ot the United States is not protected
against the pollution of the ballot-box by thou-
sands who are not entitled to vote, and yet
control the elections of the people.
I have something further to say of the addi-
tional limitations proposed in the short time
within which this debate is limited, and then I
shall have done. My colleague, [Mr. Shella-
barger,] I regret to say, has deemed it his
duty, in addition to what I have offered here,
to offer a further exception; allowing the sev-
eral States of this Union to exclude from the
ballot, for all time to come, all who may have
participated in the late rebellion. The gentle-
man—in addition to the provision that all who
may hereafter participate in any rebellion,
which is my own amendment, and is intended
to protect the Government m the future—would
1 make this constitutional provision have a retro-
spective operation, thus presenting, by our
consent, to the eyes of the civilized world a
constitutional provision fordisenf'ranehising in
some of the States a majority of its maleadults
because they have participated in the rebel-
lion, while you enfranchise byname the whole
body of male adult citizensof sound mind, with-
out distinction of race or color, who heretofore
have been deprived of suffrage. The propo-
sition of my colleague to except "all who have
engaged in rebellion " would include all the
victims of a cruel conscription, a conscription
which entered the homes of hundreds and
thousands of people of the southern States and
forced them to bear arms in the rebellion
against the Constitution and laws of their
country.
Sir, it is the common law of the civilized
world that no man is criminal in that which he
l^fj by coercion ; and formyself, while reason
holds a place in my brain, I never will support
a proposition which holds such persons crim-
inal because, in my judgment, it outrages the
enlightened conscience and common sense of
mankind. I know the answer is that we do
not by this amendment, say the States shall do
tins. My reply is that if we so amend the propo-
rtion the States may do this. I submit, sir,
/that it is not right to affirm to the States the
power to do it. We ha>ve no more right to
disqualify from the ballot the male citizen of
sound mind, who by force of conscription bore
arms in support of the rebellion, than we have
to disqualify you, Mr. Speaker, or to disqualify
my honorable colleague.
I wish to remark further, when we were
exercising tne transcendent powers of this
nation, the power of self-defense in presence
e l^ebellion, when all the limitations
01 the Constitution were silent, we never dared
