1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
723
to put uptfn the statute-book any such provis-
ion as the amendment of my colleague con-
templates ; that the great mass of the men who
participated iu the rebelliou should not vote in
the preliminary work of reorganization. On
the contrary, by our statutes we did not dis-
qualify one out of twenty of the adult males of
the Sou tli who participated in the rebellion.
Why? Because the Congress of the United
States had no thought of setting up in any of
the States an oligarchy by operation of statute
law. The Congress while providing by the
thirteenth and fourteenth articles of amend-
ment to make all men free avoided any propo-
sition by way of amendment to deny the ballot
to any citizen. Let it not be forgotten that
when it was proposed to insert in the four-
teenth article of amendment the provision that
until 1870 those who had participated in rebel-
lion should not voce for members of Congress
or for Presidential electors it was struck out
by every vote of the Senate save one. Now we
are to ask the Senators who thus voted, and
whose votes stand thus recorded to so amend
the Constitution as to allow the ballot to be
denied to all who have jjarticipated in rebel-
lion not for a limited period of a year, but for
life.
Mr. Speaker, I am opposed for another rea-
son to this proposition of my colleague. The
interests of this great country demand that we
shall so frame the fundamental law of the
country that we will take not vengeance for
the past, but security for the future. We should
so amend our Constitution as to summon back
to the standard of the country and to the sup-
port of its Government the whole multitude
of men who but yesterday were in arms against
us. We should so amend the Constitution as
that by this work of generous deliverance, by
the will of a brave and victorious people, we
shall hasten that, hour for which all good men
prav, when we shall again be one people, with
one" Constitution and one country. We should
frame this amendment so as to carry out the
humble petition of the great man whom but
yesterday the people lifted by their ballot to
the highest office in their gift. "Let us have
peace,'1 says Grant. -'Let us have peace!"
We shall have it when we so amend the Con-
stitution as to clothe the whole body of the
people with the elective franchise, and say
that 110 State shall deprive them of it, leaving
the disabilities as to the holding of office stand-
ing as they stand in the text of the Constitu-
tion to-day. Was it not the people's judgment
solemnly recorded by the ratification of the
fourteenth article of amendment that the only
political disability which they would sanction
in organized States by reason of and for par-
ticipation in the late rebellion was that those
who violated an official oath to support the
Constitution by engaging in the rebellion, or
giving aid and comfort to the enemies of the
Constitution, should be disqualified for office,
civil and military, State and national, until
Congress should remove the disability. That
was
their judgment, and by that judgment we
should abide. They intended that there should
be neither political nor servile slaves in any
State. Let us stand by that judgment and not
consent that any of the several States may dis-
franchise a majority of the male citizens resi-
dent therein by reason of the late rebellion.
Having done that, sir, onr action will be con-
sistent with our past record. Having done that
we shall hasten the time when we shall have
peace. Those words, "Let us have peace!"
ought to be written in the heart and mind of
every one of us when we come to deliberate
upon this question. " Let us have peace 1'
ought to be written on the archways ot your
Capitol, and, if it were possible, ought to be
written upon the azure arch which bends above
us like the arms of beneficence to winch weary
men look up for hope and consolation. Let
us have peace '' by an act of peace, that we
may restoie the broken fabric of American em-
pire. Let us have peace'' by the works ol
peace and the arts of peace, that the land which
but yesterday was stained with fraternal blood
may grow green and beautiful under the hand
of honest toil. "Let us have peace" that wo
may perfect the holy temple of our liberties
until it shall lift its headstone of beauty above
the towers of w^tch and war, filling the whole
earth with its glory, and drawing all nations
unto it. " Let us have peace," that by our sub-
lime example we may teach the whole world
"how good and how pleasant a thing it is for
brethren to dwel^together in unity."
Mr. BOUTWiiLL obtained the floor, and
yielded ten minutes to Mr. Jones, of Kentucky.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, 1
do not propose to make an argument upon the
important questions involved in this bill, not
being allowed time for any such purpose, but
mecely to indicate the reasons which will con-
trol my vote upon it. While the gentteman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Bootwei.'l] was ad-
dressing the House the other day in defense
of this bill, I asked him the question if he
contended that the power to regulate suffrage
within the States was delegated by the Consti-
tution to the United States or prohibited by it
to the States; if not, how he construed the tenth
article of the amendments to the Constitution,
which reads as follows :
"The powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by.it to the States,
are reserved to the States respectively or to the
people?"
The gentleman made no satisfactory reply,
but said that the tenth article had nothing to
do with the question. Sir, it has everything
to do with the question. Such a reply comes
with bad grace from any man who assumes to
represent the Common wealth of Massachusetts,
supposingindeed that Massachusetts bears any
resemblance to her former self. Six-, does the
gentleman know that it was the people of that
State who were the first or among the first to
require this very amendment? No State was
so tenacious of the rights of the people or so
jealous of Federal power at the dawti of our
national existence as was Massachusetts. When
her delegates assembled in convention to ratify
the Constitution of the United States they sol-
emnly declared thus:
" And as it is tho opinion of this convention that
certain amendments and alterations in the said Con-
stitution would remove the fenrsand quiet.tho nnpre-
henbions of many of tho good people of this Com-
monwealth, and more effectually guard against an
undue administration of tbe Feder.il Government,
the convention do therefore recommend that the fol-
lowing alterations and provisions beintroducfd into
the said Constitution : first, that it be explicitly de-
clared that all powers not expressly delegated by
the aforesaid Constitution are reserved to tlao several
States, to be by them exercised.''
And to show, sir, that when they made this
declaration and express reservation they were
considering the very question of suffrage and
regulating elections, they also declared :
" That Congress do not exorcise the power vested
in them by tho fourth section of tho first article, but
in cases where a State shall neglect or refuse to make
the regulations therein mentioned, or snail make
regulations subversive of the rights of tho people to
a free and equal representation in Congress, agree-
ably to the Constitution."
Now, what says the fourth section of the first
article alluded to?
" Tho times, places, and manner of holdinfr elec-
tions tor Senators and Representatives shall bo pre-
scribed in each State by tho Legislature thereof; but
Congress may at any time,bylaw,make or altersuch
regulations, exceptas to the places of choosing ben-
ators."
This section gives to Congress the power
simply to make or alter the regulations as to
the times and manner of such elections, and
for obvious reasons to meet other require-
ments in the Constitution as to Senators and
Representatives, but not affecting in the least
the power of the States to make and fix the
qualifications of its own electors. But so
jealous were the delegates of the Massachu-
setts convention even of this little power in
the Congress that they declared against its
exercise except in cases which were never
likely to occur. The people of a State would
not be apt to subvert their own rights or to
deny themselves free and equal representation.
Well, sir, after suggesting some other restric-
tions upon Federal power, to make their opin-
ions more emphatic the delegates in the Mas-
sachusetts convention concluded thus:
"And the convention do, in the name and in bo-
half of tbe people of this Commonwealth, enjoin it
upon the r representatives in Congress at all times,
until tho alterations and provisions aforesaid have
been considered agroeably to tbq fifth article of tho
said Constitution, to exert all their influence and use
all reasonable and legal methods to obtain a ratifica-
tion of thesaid alterations and provisions m such
manner as is provided in the said artiele "
Thus spoke John Hancock, Samuel Adams,
James Bowdoin, Francis Dana, and others of
her first-born sons, and thus spoke Massachu-
setts herself, lately emerged from the baptismal
fires of the Revolution, wuh her robes of sov-
ereignty fresh and bright upon her, a bride at
the alter celebrating the nuptials of the Union.
Alas! alas! Mr. Speaker, her injunctions are
buried with her great men, and her degenerate
sons would barter away her sovereignty to pam-
per this.Federal power which she so much
dreaded, this political mastodon which is gor-
mandizing on the vitals of constitutional lib-
erty.
And now, sir, what does this bill and this
constitutional amendment propose to do ? I
cannot go into a discussion of the provisions
of either, as there is no time for it, and as they
have been amply discussed by others in this
debate. The proposition is simply to divest
the States or the people of the right to regu-
late suffrage and elections within their own
borders and vest it in the Congress of the
United States.
I might, if time were allowed, go into an
examination of tlie opinions of the framersof
the Constitution, and quote, as is too often
done without effect in this House, the author-
ity of Madison and Hamilton, of Franklin,
Rutledge, and Pinckney, and cite from the
decisions of Marshall and Story and Kent and
Taney, or refer to the lucid expositions of
Webster and Calhoun, to show that the regu-
lation of suffrage was intended to be confined
to the States, to be exercised exclusively by
them, and to be maintained as the chief ele-
ment in their liberties. It was not only a
reserved right, but vested in the States by the
Constitution itself; and it is only necessary to
glance at its provisions on that subject to settle
the question in the mind of any sensible man,
however captious he may be. " He who runs
may read" and understand if he will.
The second section of artiele one provides :
"Tho House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by the people
of tho several States, and tho electors in each State
shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of
the most numerous branch of the State Legislature.
The same section then goes on to prescribe
certain qualifications for members of Congress,
but never in the remotest degree assuming the
right to fix the qualification of electors. That
right was inherent in the people, as expressed
in the Declaration of 1 ndependence, "That
governments are instituted among men deriving
their just powers from the consent of the gov-
erned." Section three of the same article car-
ries out the same principle :
"The Senate of the United States shall be com-
posed of two Senators from each State chosen by the
Legislature thereof, for six years, and each Senator
shall have one vote."
This is the power of tho people one degree
removed. They elect the Legislature ; the Le-
gislature elects the Senators; the source of
power being with the people, to be regulated
and administered by its own chosen agents.
Had not this been intended and understood
the Government would have been anti-repub-
lican at its inception and a monarchy or oli-
garchy established as the result of our revolu-
tionary struggle, or, indeed, Mr. Speaker, our
fathers would have instituted a delusive phan-
tom to deceive and cheat mankind.^
Another provision of the Constitution dis-
tinctly fixes the right of choosing electors for
President.; even with the States.
"Each State shall appoint in such manner as the
Legislature thereof may direct, a number of electors
equal to the whole number of Senators and Kepre-
sent.ativcs to which the State may be entitled in Ooq~
gress," &o 
Can any honest man doubt for a moment the
