TU
THE CONGKESSION AL GLOBE.
January 29,
meaning and intent of these provisions ? And
strange to say, sir, these startling changes are
tQ'he made in our system of government under
the specious plea of section foar of article four
of the Constitution, namely:
" The United States shall guaranty to every State in
this Union a republican form of government," See.
Shame, sir, that these revolutionists should
seize that as their shibboleth in this contest.
It, sir, is the most potent argument and shield
—j^em. Timt clause was inserted in the
; instrument as a protection of the States,
and against the very power and despotism they
would nowimpose upon them. Erase that from
the Constitution and you strike down one of
the firmest bastions in our republican form of
government; indeed, you destroy the Govern-
ment itself. Let us beware, fellow-Represent-
atives, of these monstrous innovations, and
,jvhile we, in fidelity to our oaths, cherish the
Union and maintain the General Government
in its whole constitutional vigor, let us also, I
prjy you, guard with unceasing vigilance as
the vestal flame of our liberties the reserved
rights of the States and of the people.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I yield ten minutes to
th© gentleman from New York, [Mr. Waud.]
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, the course of
thegentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bout-
well,] who has the charge of this subject, in
asking that there be no action at present upon
the hill which has been reported by him from
th® Committee on the Judiciary, with reference
to this all-important question of suffrage ren-
ders it unnecessary for me to say at this time
what I desired to say upon that bill. In the
short time allotted to me I will endeavor to
speak briefly upon the various projects now
before the House for the amendment of the
Constitution.
It will be observed that the Committee on
the Judiciary have reported an amendment
which, in substance, prohibits the States from
discriminating in regard to the elective fran-
chise against any man of the age oftwenty-one
years oh account of color or race. An amend-
ment has been proposed by the distinguished
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bixgham.] and
while it does not come from a committee it
comes almost with as much authority as if it
emanated from a committee. That amendment
proposes to secure this franchise of suffrage to
every man in the Republic, no matter whether
he has been loyal and faithful to it or not.
There is a further amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. SiiellaBarger,]
and this comes nearer to my judgment of what
the House should pass. It in substance secures
suffrage to every male citizen of the age of
twenty-one years, unconvicted of crime and of
sound mind and memory, provided he has not
been o,r may not be disfranchised for partici-
pation in rebellion. The amendment which
I have had the honor to submit is similar in
substance to that to which I have just referred,
and further provides that no man shall vote
unless he has been a citizen for three months,
and that nothing in this amendment shall be
eonstrued to prevent the States from passing
such naturalization and registration laws as the
interests of the country or the proper protec-
tion of the elective franchise may demand.
Kovr, I have no question about our power to
pass any amendment which comes within the
range of a republican Government orfree insti-
tutiong. The fatliers of the Republic left a great
power in the hands of Congress and three fourths
of the States when they said, " You can amend
the federal Constitution in any respect when-
ever Congress by a two-thirds vote an'd three
fourths of the States insist onsuch atnetidm ent."
Has the time come when further amendment
fco the Constitution is demanded? Sir, we have
foar million people who have become free by
the &efc of war, who are now citizens of the
Republic, who now pay taxes, and from whom
we demand military service. In several of the
States those citizens are guarantied the right of
suffrage, and the representative portion of these
people, under the reconstruction acts, in muav
of the States exercise the right of suffrage".
But to-day in the border States, in Maryland.
Kentucky, Tennessee, Missouri, Delaware, and
in many of the northern States, there are two
hundred and fifty thousand loyal male citizens,
unconvicted of crime, untainted with treason,
who are paying taxes, and who are subject to
military duty, who are deprived now of any
voice in the Government which they seek to
uphold, deprived of all right of suffrage. There
are in other States of the Union six hundred
thousand male citizens whose right to that
depends upon the volition of the States ; and
whenever rebel legislators, and whenever rebel
instrumentalities, get the control of those State
organizations, you will find that those men will
be deprived of that right of suffrage. So that
the question involved in this constitutional
amendment is this: will you secure in your
fundamental law the right to one million men
nearly in this country to vote in future, men who
are loyal citizens, and who are willing to dis-
charge their duties to the Government?
Mr. Speaker, I think that nothing is more
apparent than that this Congress should hand
over to the people this proposition to amend
the Constitution. It will be the capstone in
the great temple of American freedom. It will
be the consummation of our great work. It
will secure to us the fruits of the war. It will
settle the controversies between the races. It
wilfstop the contests between white men and
black men. It will stop the controversies of
the North -and the South on that subject. It
will bring the country back to peace, which all
the interests of the country demand. I hope,
therefore, the House will not hesitate about
passing this amendment.
But the gentleman from Ohio tells us that
we should extend universal amnesty. He tells
us, in substance, that we shall hand suffrage over
to every rebel and every traitor disqualified by
the laws of those States from the right of suf-
frage. I am opposed to that. I am willing to
be merciful; I am willing to be just; I am will-
ing to give these men in the South their lives,
liberty, and property; but I am not willing to
banish from the statute-book the last punish-
ment for treason ; for the moment you admit
them to suffrage you must admit them to office,
and when you admit them to office Mr. Breck-
inridge comes in triumph from Kentucky and
takes his seat in the Senate, Mr. Toombs comes
in triumph from Georgia and takes the seat
in the Senate which he dishonored, Jefferson
Davis returns from his triumphal tour in Eu-
rope and takes his seal, and we shall have those
spirits back here who defiled these Halls with
treason, who went into rebellion and brought
all the blood and sacrifice of the rebellion upon
the country. It has occurred to me that the
quality of mercy might be strained; that we
might be too magnanimous. We have been
too magnanimous already. There is now a
member of this House who was a brigadier
general of the confederate army, who was edu-
cated at West Point, and who has come here
booted and spurred, from the rebel service to
make laws for the widows and orphans he has
helped to make. He was not admitted, how-
ever, with my consent.
Let us see how much the recent conduct of
the rebels entitles them to "universal amnesty.''
Look at the violent overthrow of the loyal Le-
gislature of Georgia under the leadership of
Robert Toombs. It was but the other day that
we performed our last pad duty to a member of
this House from Arkansas who was murdered
in cold blood by rebels of that State, with
twenty other prominent Union men.
I hold in my hand what is called the "final
summary " of the report of the committee of
the Legislature of Louisiana on the conduct of
the late elections in that State. The "sum-
mary" shows that the following number of
Union men in that State were killed, wounded,
and maltreated: eighteen hundred and eighty-
sevtn, of which more than a thousand were
killed outright. This is the fruit of the "loy-
alty" of these former rebels in a single Stale.
Clemency to such men is crime; it is unjust
to the dead who fell in our cause, aud to the
living who survive the contest, Searing its
marks upon them, and it will be dangerous as
a precedent in the future. I hope we shall
not insult the loyal sense of this nation by re-
storing all these murderous villains to political
power. I am weary of this sickly sentiment,al-
lsm which strikes hands with traitors and crim-
inals at the expense of justice and the public
safety.
I have no fears, Mr. Speaker, of giving suf-
frage to the black man. The nation in its march
of greatness and to the accomplishment of its
high destiny will confer it upon him. Let us
have no timidity, no faltering. Let us shake
not at the counsels of the weak, but go on and
do justice, and from that will come safety,
security, and peace.
Mr. ^BOUTWELL. I now yield for five min-
utes to my colleague.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I sup-
pose, sir, I need not say that I am in favor of
the principle of the amendment as reported
by the committee of equal rights to all men.
I wish, however, to call the attention of the
House for a few moments to the two amend-
ments which have been proposed by the gentle-
men from Ohio, [Mr. Bixgham and Mr. Shei,-
labargee, ] and to see whether they do not
accomplish more than and different from what
it is desired they should do. The proposition
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
means apparently to supplement the proposed
constitutional amendment of the committee by
allowing any who have been heretofore engaged
in the rebellion to have the right of suffrage unre-
strained by any State law. His colleague [Mr.
Sheiaabaiiger] to this adds an amendment
which provides that no man who has heretofore
engaged in rebellion shall have the right of
suffrage. The amendment of the former [Mr.
Bixgham] proposes to prevent any State from
denying the right of suffrage to any man for
past rebellion, while his colleague [Mr. Shel-
labarger] proposes that the right of suffrage
shall be denied to those who have heretofore
engaged in the rebellion.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. My proposition
is not that that amendment shall deprive any
person engaged in the past rebellion from being
disfranchised, but in favor of refusing to wrest
from a State the power of disfranchisement,
thus leaving that matter where it is now, in the
hands of the States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts.. I so un-
derstand it, and I think I have so stated. Not-
withstanding that, I propose to call attention
to the fact that both these amendments go
further than that. Both amendments provide
that no State shall make or enforce any law
which shall deny or abridge to any male citi-
zen of the United States of the age of twenty-
one years or over, and who is of sound mind,
an equal vote at all elections in the State in
which he shall have such actual residence as
shall be prescribed by law. Now I wish to
call the attention of both of these gentlemen,
and the attention of the House, to the fact
that these amendments propose to take away—-
at least that the effect will be, in my judgment,
to take away from the State any power what-
ever to make any educational or other test.
In addition, the proposition, whether intended
or not, is to take away the power in a State
of making any registration law.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir. I hope the gen-
tleman will allow me to explain.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
only five minutes.
Mr. BINGHAM. The words "the equal
exercise of the elective franchise at all elec-
tions in the State " is perfectly consistent with
the registration law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
exactly what I am coming to. You must take
it one way or the other. If you provide that
you shall not abridge or deny to any male
citizen of the United States the equal exercise
of the elective franchise, you cannot put on
any educational test, for that would be abridg-
ing the equal exercise of the elective franchise,
and so the State cannot adopt any registration
