726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
may be considered as agreed to^and the motion
to recommit as having been voted down, whi-ch
will bring tbe joint resolution before the House.
Mr. SPALDING. Will it be in order lo
move to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table after the gentleman gets through?
The SPEAKER, it will.
Mr. SPALDING-. Whenever he does yield
the floor I give notice that I shall move to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The SPEAKER. The effect of that will be
to leave the joint resolution with the committee
unreported.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I propose to strike oat
the word "the" before the word "race," in
the eleventh line, and to add after the word
"vote"' in the tenth line the words, "at any
.election in the State in which he shall have
actually resided for a period of one year next
preceding said election." I think that will ac-
cromplish what the gentleman from Ohio desires.
Then, in order to meet objections which have
been madetothereportoftbeeommittee, I shall
move to add to the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio the words, "nor on account of his
want of property or education;" so that it will
read:
The right of any citizon of the United States to
Tote at any election in the State in which he shall
have actually resided for ft period ol'on e year next pre-
ceding said election shall not bo denied or abridged
by the United States or any State by reason of race,
color, or previous condi ion of slavery of any citizen
or class of citizens in the United States, nor on ae-
oount of his want of property or education.
I wish now to call the attention of the House
to the substantive qualities of these various prop-
ositions. The Committee on the Judiciary
directed their attention principally to the evil
which was complained of—that in some States
men were deprived of the privilege of voting on
account of their race, color, or previous condi-
tion. So faras the amendinentofthegentleman
from the seventh district of Ohio [Mr. Shella-
bargeb] is concerned, I think there are practi-
cal objections to offering that ameudment pre-
cisely as it stands. And one of the chief objec-
tions is that I believe it will cut under all quali-
fications. I am not sure that it will not go so
far as to put it out of the power of the States to
establish a registration law. It certainly does
abolish those qualifications in some States which
require the voter to pay a small capitation tax,
which shall have been assessed, perhaps, within
two years preceding the election. I think that
by arraying against this proposition all the pecu-
liarities of the different States we put the prop-
osition itself in danger. I think it better, there-
fore, as a matter of practical wisdom, to address
ourselves exclusively to those great evils which
have existed in the Government and the coun-
try, to those which are now practically of a
serious character or which may reasonably be
apprehended. But I think we ought not to go
beyond the lines of what I have indicated.
Another objection which 1 have is, that it
recognizes the right in the States to exclude
men from the exercise of the elective franchise
who participated in the rebellion. A right I
will admit exists, but I prefer that it should
* not be incorporated in the Constitution of the
United States. While for the time being I am
set as firmly against universal enfranchisement
of these people as 1 can possibly be set against
any project, L still look forward to the time,
which 1 trust is not far distant, when all these
lestrictious will be wiped out, not primarily by
legislative action, but by that concord of opin-
ion among the people of the States recently in
rebellion by which there will be no substantial
difference of opinion among them as to the
Government under which they live. And when
that time arrives I trust I shall be among the
first to welcome all these men. Therefore I
prefer not to be put into the Constitution any
suggestion, as there is in the language of the
amendment, that they may be excluded.
In these particulars I think the amendment
proposed by the committee preferable to that
proposed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
SHELLAB.VRGER.] But I have a stronger objec*
tion against the amendment, of the gentleman's
colleague, [Mr. Bingham.} He proposes to
remove all distinction in all the rebel States
and allow men who have been in armed rebel-
lion to enjoy the franchise at once. Sir, having
been engaged for two years as a member of a
committee of this House in a most careful
examination in reference to these States, and
1 do not hesitate to say that it is not safe by
one swoop, either by statute or by constitutional
authority, to relieve these men of their disa-
bilities.
But there is an inconsistency in the amend-
ment which shocks my sensibilities, and that
is, that while the men who have been engaged
in the rebellion recently suppressed, who have
brought upon us intolerable woes, are to be
relieved, the men who may engage in some
future rebellion—as though the gentleman from
Ohio could conceive of any future rebellion
more infamous than that from which we have
jnst escaped—are to be disfranchised by his
constitutional amendment. Sir, if we are pre-
pared to enfranchise the men who have just
come out of rebellion, let us not higgle about
any subsequent rebellion. It does not require
the spirit of prophecy to foretell that none of
these men can more deserve to be put out of
the pale of the Government than those whom
we propose to disfranchise for participation in
the recent rebellion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire of the
gentleman if there is not a distinction; if we
are not now disfranchising men and inflicting
penalties upon them ex post facto; and whether
we might not establish a rule in regard to a
future rebellion which would not be applicable
to the past one.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have no doubt the
gentleman has anathemas to bestow upon sotne
future rebellion which he did not feel willing
to bestow npon the past.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him a moment on that point?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have not time.4
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has one
minute remaining of his hour.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Then I demand the
previous question on the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution (II. R.
No. 402) was recommitted to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
will exhaust itself on the motion to reconsider.
The question was put upon seconding the
previous question; and there were—ayes one
hundred and four, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be
put; and under the operation thereof the mo-
tion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to
recommit the joint resolution to the Committee
on the Jndiciary.
„ Mr. BOUTWELL. I withdraw the motion.
The SPEAKER. Then the joint resolution
is before the House for consideration.
The joint resolution was read, as follows :
Be it resolved by the Seaate and Hour?. or ftepresenfa-
twe* of the United States of America in CongreSH assem-
bled, (two thirds of both Houses concurring,) That
the following article bo proposod to the Legislatures
of the several States as an amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States, which, when ratified by
three fourths of said Legislatures, shall bo held as
part ot said Constitution, namely:
Ar.Tr.CLR —.
Section 1. The right of any citizen of the United
States to voto shall not be denied or abtidged by the
United States or any State by reason of the race,
color, or previous condition of slavery of any citizen
or class of citizens of the United States.
SiiC. 2. 'Xhe Congress shall have power to enforce
by proper legislation the provisions of this article.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to amend sec-
tion one by striking out the word "the"
before " race.'1
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WARD. I desire to make a suggestion
ta the gentleman from Massachusetts. There
are a nuinberof amendments before the House,
and this is an exceedingly important matter ;
it ia a matter that the House has considered
comparatively but little. I suggest to the gen-
! tleman that be permit tbe subject to be recom-
mitted to the Committee on the Judiciary.
They will have power to report on Monday,
or can move to suspend the rules, if they de-
sire, for that purpose. Let them take ail these
projects and consider thein, and digest such an
amendment as the House can adopt. 1 do not
think we will lose anything by it.
Mr. BOU 1'WELL. 1 canuotaccede to any
such proposition.
Mr. WARD. Then I wish to make a par-
liamentary inquiry, and it is whether if the
previous question is voted down it will not be
in drder to move to recommit the joint resolu-
tion, with all the amendments, to the Commit-
tee on tbe Judiciary?
■ A Member. What for?
Mr. "WARD. In order tbat they may per-
fect the resolution.
The SPEAKER. It will be in order if tbe
previous question is not sustained.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, I am of
opinion, upon the whole, that the amendment
as it came from the committee, which says tbat
"the right of any citizen of the United States
to vote shall not be denied or abridged," is a
comprehensive and explicit declaration. I
thought so when it was drawn, and on the
whole I tfiink it best for the amendment that I
should not undertake to incorporate into it the
language used by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Shellabarger ;] but in order that the
sense of the House may be tested upon the
question—not that I am myself of the opinion
that it will add anything substantial to the
value of the amendment—I will propose to add
to section one the words "nor slmll educational
attainments or the possession or ownership of
property ever be made a test of tbe right of
any citizen to vote," and on tbat amendment
1 will ask the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded.
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 only call ft on this
amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded. I want to carry
the amendment beyond educational tests.
There are religious tests involved in this
question.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I am entitled to the
floor for an hour, am I not?
The SPEAKER. Tbe gentleman is entitled
to the floor for an hour.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Then I withdraw the
demand for the previous question, and yield to
the gentleman from Ohio fur ten minutes.
Mr. BINGHAM. It must occur to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts on a moment's
reflection that the designation of properly and
educational qualifications recognizes tbe right
in every State of establishing a religious test;
and I ask the gentleman why he will insist
on the previous question upon a proposition
which, as it stands by a well-known rule of
construction, commits this House to the mon-
strous proposiiion that every Slate in the
Union may establish a religious test as a quali-
fication of the elective franchise. The excep-
tions made by the gentlemen are, I believe, a
property qualification and an educational quali-
fication, and the result is, in the words of one
of the foremost jurists of America, that every
other thing not included in this exception may
be made a test, and that is the reason 1 object
to it.
I have no idea of amending the Constitution
ot my country by piecemeal in this way. When
I am asked to vote I wish to vote intelligently.
I desire to see and understand tbe entire prop-
osition ; and, for one, I shall oppose the second-
ing ot the previous question, which is called
for the purpose of preventing any one from
presenting an entire provision in lieu of tbe
first section of the gentleman's amendment.
If the majority of the House are with him I
will bow with submission, as all good citizens
should, to the expression of their will. If
they are against him then he ought to allow
that ^majority to have an opportunity to speak
!i without nnd"er taking, by tbe operation of a
