1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
mere parliamentary contrivance, to cat them
off from that opportunity, and then telling
them that they are opposed to enlarging the
elective franchise if they do not vote for his
proposition.
Sir, I have stood here the advocate of im-
partial suffrage when gentlemen who now put
themselves forwardas its special friends were
on the other side of the question. It-has been
the rule of my political life. I never could see
the propriety, under the Constitution of the
United States, of any State disfranchising any
free citizen of the Republic by reason of hiscolor
from exercising this great privilege of free-
men, out of which come constitutions, out of
which come legislative assemblies, out of which
come laws, out of which comes the establish-
ment of tribunals of justice, and out of which
comes the administration of justice itself be-
tween man and man. I am for the largest
liberty and for the greatest good of the greatest
number, and I stand here opposed to a prop-
osition which on its face, in the words of
Marshall, necessarily implies the consent of
the House and of the country, if we adopt the
amendment, that religious tests may be estab-
lished as a condition of the exercise of the
elective franchise.
I desire to ask the gen-
Mr. ELDRIDGE.
tleman a question.
Mr. BINGHAM.
Mr. ELDRIDGE.
Very well.
I ask the gentleman if,
in the view he has taken of the proposed amend-
ment to the Constitution, there may not be
established by the States any and every other
test but the two only that are excepted?
Mr. BINGHAM. That is exactly what I
have said touching the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Not only a religious test,
but every test that the mind of man can con-
ceive that does not come under the head of
property or of education ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly. And now, if
the gentleman from Massachusetts will indulge
me, I wish to say this : that years ago, in my
place, I deemed it my duty as a Representative
of the people to say that while the original power
of exercising this right of the elective franchise
was in the States I denied that the majority
of the people—that is, the male citizens, for
that is the meaning of the term "the people'' as
-used in the Constitution of the country—ever
had the right under the Constitution, though
they had the power, to deprive the minority of
the equal exercise of the elective franchise, the
minority being of like lawful age, sex, and res-
idence, and of sound mind. And I stand by that
proposition to-day. All I desire touching this
proposed amendment to the Constitution is so
to reform it that it will be acceptable to the
great majority of the people of this country,
North and South, East and West, to the end
that it maybe a success, so that you will estab-
lish impartial suffrage ; in short, so that you
will not lose all by grasping for the unattain-
able and, I might add, the undesirable.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man if his objection will not apply equally to
every form of amendment we may adopt,
unless we undertake to declare affirmatively
what shall be the qualifications of a voter?
This proposed amendment speaks only nega-
tively when it speaks of the qualifications of a
voter, stating that certain matters shali not be
a test against a voter, leaving everything else
open. , , ,
Mr. BINGHAM. I am glad to have an
opportunity to answer the question of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.] If
there were nothing at all here except the first
section I might see a great deal of weight in the
gentleman's suggestion. But there happens
to be added to that a second section, giving
to Congress the express power to enforce the
prohibition. The result of the whole matter is
that if we amend this first section, as sug-
gested by my honorable colleague as well as
"by myself, by the second section Congress is
invested with express authority to enforce the
limitation.
Mr. JENCKES. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very -well; what is it?
Mr. JENCKES. Does the gentleman under-
stand that this second Section gives to Congress
the power to prescribe affirmatively the quali-
fications of electors ia these elections; or does
it simply give the power to enforce the prohibi-
tion upon the States; in other words, can that
power be exercised by Congress so as to secure
tmiformity of qualification of electors in all the
States of the Union?
Mr. BINGHAM. I answer the gentleman
|hat I have not the least doubt on the ques-
tion as a question of law. There are other
negative provisions in the Constitution of the
United States; for example, the express nega-
tive provision that "no State shall pass any
law impairing the obligation of contracts." By
virtue of your judiciary act, as it has been in
force from the foundation of the Government
to this day, that limitation upon the power of
the States is uniform, and whenever or where
ever any State has undertaken by legislative
enactment or by constitutional provision, if
you please—I care not which—to impair the
obligation of contracts, that wrong has, by the
operation of your law, been righted; so that
the provision of the Constitution has operated
uniformly. Whenever Congress has the power
under the Constitution to enforce the limita-
tions of that instrument, even upon States, the
exercise of the power will be as uniform as tiie
exercise of any affirmative power can possibly
be. It must be so; it cannot be otherwise.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, I do not
see that the argument made by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] changes the condi-
tion of the question at all. If it be true, as
he argues, that under this amendment the States
would have the right to impose areligious test,
it is equally true that they can do so now.
What he has said only adds force to the sug-
gestion I made, that the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Ohio, if referred to the
State Legislatures, will be met by all these diffi-
culties ; and although I should be willing to
strike down all educational or property tests,
and all possibility of their being established
anywhere, the probability is that the amend-
ment which we are discussing, if submitted sub-
stantially as it came from the committee, will
be stronger before the people, and that if we
should attempt to grasp at too much we shall
lose the whole. I believe that if we adhere to
the proposition to protect the people of this
country against destinction on account of race,
color, or previous condition of slavery we
undertake all that it is probably safe for us to
undertake now.
But I learned from the gentleman from Ohio
that the delegation from that State were anxious
that there should be a provision in this consti-
tutional amendment against any property or
educational qualification. My own conviction
is that no such qualification will ever be im-
posed. I do not think that such a restriction
would be a serious obstacle in the way of the
ratification of this amendment, and I am there-
fore willing to submit the question to the House,
my own opinion being that it is not very mate-
rial which way it be decided ; but the kinger
this discussion continues the better satisfied I
am that it is dangerous to undertake to wipe out
every minute test or distinction which may have
been established in the several States, and that
where these distinctions are not serious in their
consequences, not calculated to endanger the
rights or liberties of individual citizens or the
public welfare, it is wisest, under the circum-
stances in which we find ourselves, not to strike
at those distinctions.
I was about to demand the previous question,
but the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. SnELr.A-
barcsk] desires to say a few words, and I yield
to him.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I desire, Mr._
Speaker, to say, in the first place, that the
proposition which I submit is BOt amenable to
the objection urged by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] that by it the
States would be deprived of the power of pass-
ing registration or election laws. Plainly that
cannot be so. The Constitution itself in ex-
press terms provides that—
"The powers not delegated to thoTJnitedStates by
tho Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to the States respectively or to the
people."
Hence it follows that the power of regulating
elections not being prohibited to the States by
the Constitution as it stands, resides now either
with the States or with the people. If this is
so, if the power to regulate elections or regis-
trations resides with the States under the Con-
stitution in its present form, then my proposi-
tion will not take it away. It simply provided
that the rjght to vote shall be exercised by all
male citizens of a certain age. Every power
now residing with the States under the Consti-
tution, except so far as this amendment takes
away their power, will remain with them still.
The power of regulating elections and of pass-
ing registration laws being with the States now
is not taken away by my proposed amendment.
Now, let me state another point. The form
in which this proposition^ is drawn, that all
male citizens of a prescribed age and who
have not been guilty of certain crimes shall
have an equal right to vote, excludes every
possible ambiguity and doubt in regard to who
at least shall be permitted to vote. In other
words, theprovisions of my amendment, as ap-
plied to the proposed constitutional amend-
ment reported by the committee, will have the
effect of making it more explicit and distinct.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The difficulty, in one
word, is that the gentleman's amendment, if
made a part of the Constitution, vests the right,
of suffrage absolutely in every person covered
by the amendment; and if any State should
provide that the voters shall be registered ten
days before the election it will be in the teeth
of the provisions of the gentleman's amend-
ment as I understand it. His amendment
sweeps out of existence at once every condi-
tion or qualification or consideration which
may be imposed by any StateLegislature on
the absolute and unrestricted right of suffrage.
If the man is covered by the provision of the
gentleman's amendment he can go up to the
polls and vote, notwithstanding the restrictions
of any State law.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I may suggest to
the gentleman from Massachusetts that that is
a proposition in reference to which we differ
toto ccelo. Nothing can be plainer to me, it
seems, than that every one of the States is left
to the responsibility which it now has, and
which my proposed amendment does not take
away. It does not take away the right of the
State to control the election. The Constitu-
tion itself provides that powers not expressly
granted are reserved to the States and the peo-
ple, and that is au answer to all the gentleman
has said.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Iowa.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, the
pending amendment upon which we are to vote
declares that the States shall not impose any
property or educational test as a condition to
the exercise of the right of suffrage. Now, it
seems to me, if the doctrine of my colleague
on the committee, [Mr. Boutwell,] as stated
to the House the other day, is correct, we need
no such amendment. He quoted from a case
decided by the supreme court of Kentucky
these words :
"No one can, therefore, in the correct sense of the
term, be a citizen of a ,ytate who ifi not entitled,
upon the terms prescribed by the institutions ot the
State, to all the rights and privileges conferred by
those institutions upon the highestciass of society.
He continued, after reading from that de-
cision, as follows:
"Here is a full, and I believe a fair, statement of
what constitutes a citizen. He must bo in the enjoy-
ment of all the rights and privileges of any other
citizen."
