THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
Fuitboc on he say«:
"It is ia harmony with the declaration made by
the supreme court of. the State of Kentucky, in the
opinion froni Which X have just read, that it is an
essential quality of citizenship that the citizen should
enjoy the highest privileges that appertain to citi-
sensjiip in the State or city of which he is a citizen.
Therefore, when yon prove to'me that one man in
the State of Kentucky votes ior President, or for a,
Representative in- Congress, or for members of the
State Legislature,'yon have proved that every man
having like qualifications of education or property
h"a-i the same right: If you deny it to him yon deny
that to which by the Constitution he is entitled r the
enjoyment of eqaai privileges and immunities  s a
Citwe'n. of the United States, and as a citizen of Ken-
tucky in the State of Kentucky."
Ttie result of this do.ctrine is that it is held
that the right to vote (s a question of citizen-
ship, ajid if that be correct then I wish to
know,' after we- have declared that every per-
,son honv within the jurisdiction of the United
States is a citizen of' the United States, how
you can interpose even the qualification which
the gentleman from Ohio proposes: "except
to such as have engaged in rebellion in the
past." If this doctrine be correct, that person
■who is a citizen must be entitled to all the
rights enjoyed by the highest and most favored
citizen in the land. Then, as a matter of
course, if One citizen enjoys the right to vote
on reaching twenty-one years of age, you can-
not impose on another a property qualification
or an educational test or this test of the com-
mittee of having been engaged in the rebellion.
Therefore, if I am to follow this doctrine, I
must be led into the position of the other gen-
tleman from Ohio ; that is to say, that all citi-
zens of the United States of twenty-one years
of age, of sound mind, and who have not been
convicted of any offense or felony under the
law, must be entitled to vote; for if the right
of suffrage is an incident of citizenship then
no State has a right to deprive any citizen of
that incident.
Mr. BOUTWELL. In answer to what my
colleague has said, I will say to the House that I
do not discover anything in the quotation rcwde
by him or in the speech I made in the House
the other day that is in any way inconsistent
with itself or with the position 1 now occupy.
I stated then, and I stated in what he has read,
that when you have established the fact that a
person is a citizen you have also established
the fact that he has a right to all the privileges
of any other citizen. That is unquestionably
irae; and if in any State an educational test
were made for some people, or a property test
for some people, and not for others, that pro-
vision would be in conflict with the Constitu-
tion of the United States. Bntit is undoubtedly
true in the practice of the country that certain
qualifications are prescribed—and the word
"qualification" in the Constitution is used in
a proper and legitimate sense, such quality of
the man as may be attained by men gener-
ally—and when those qualities are imposed
upon all men alike there is no discrimination,
there is no injustice, as between man and man.
That is all I said, I think, on the former
occasion, and it is all I contend for to-day.
Nor does the doctrine which I held the other
day lead to the conclusion embodied in the prop-
osition offered by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bisgham,] that all rebels should be en-
franchised. Is it not known that rebellion in
contemplation of law and in the presence of
all that we have ever done on the subject of the
rebellion is regarded as a crime, and for that
reason these men are excluded from the elective
franchise the same as if they had committed
uiurderortreasonorhad beenguiltyof bribery?
There is no reason or. logic in the suggestion
that because I have said that a citizen is
entitled to all the rights of a citizen that there
can be no exclusion for crime, no exclusion
for unsoundness of mind, no qualification which
is attainable by all men imposed upon the.exer-
cise of his right. Those qualifications may be
unwise. I think generally they are.
But I have been diverted. I do not know
that it is necessary to prolong this debate. I
suppose the House desires to come to a con-
clusion. I submit the amendment and demand
the previous question upon it.
Mr. JENCKES. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. BOUTWELL. The gentleman is enti-
tled to a few minutes, and I yield liim five min-
utes.
Mr. JENCKES. The reasons for my oppo-
sition to this amendment of the committee
will reach beyond the amendment itself and
bear with some weight against the original
proposition. In order to ascertain the purpose
of a constitutional amendment we should look
first to see how the Constitution now stands.
By the original Constitution the citizens of each
State are entitled to all the privileges and immu-
nities of citizens in the several States. By the
fourteenth amendment the States are prevented
from passing any laws abridging the right of
citizens to these privileges and immunities
Now, it is said that they are abridged in some
States by citizens not being permitted to exer-
cise the right to vote and hold office, and it is
proposed to cover this omission and secure
these privileges by this new constitutional
amendment. It is proposed to do this, not by
an affirmative proposition, but by a negative.
A constitutional amendment should be so
framed as to settle doubtful questions; but
instead of settling any question, this amend-
ment, if adopted with the addition now pro-
posed, would raise just as many new constitu-
tional questions as there are States, because
the conditions of suffrage in the proposed
.amendment are not identical with the condi-
tions of suffrage in auy State of the Union.
Hence there must be a conflict in every State,
and new questions will arise which must be
settled by some adjudication.
Nor is the reply of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] sufficient upon this point. He
says there are negative clauses in the Consti-
tution which are construed in a certain sense
affirmatively, and he instances that in regard
to the restraint upon the States from passing
laws impairing the obligation of contracts.
But although no affirmation concerning the
obligation of contracts is to be found either in
the State constitutions or in the Constitution
of the United States, yet that obligation is part
of the common law recognized by the Consti-
tution of the United States, and which under-
lies all the laws of all the States. But the right
of suffrage is not a right under the common
law ; nor is it affirmed as a right under defi-
nite qualifications by the Constitution of the
United States; nor is it uniformly declared
by the constitutions of the several States,
with conditions and limitations identical in all.
Hence this amendment settles nothing; it
simply increases the difficulty by its negative
character; and upon principle I am opposed
to inserting any more negative clauses in the
Constitution, unless, like the one read by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, it can operate
upon another negative clause, and thus become
affirmative. The idea of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] is that it may become
affirmative by the second clause of this pro-
posed amendment. Well, if being affirma-
tive it gives power to Congress to settle the
qualifications of suffrage within the limits im-
posed by this amendment, it simply adds to
the difficulty and makes the condition of suf-
frage primarily the subject of legislation in the
Legislatures or in the conventions of the States,
and then throws the residuum which is declared
beyond their power into Congress for settle-
ment. It seems to me that it is far better to
undertake to settle it all at once by an affirm-
ative proposition declaring what shall be the
qualifications of every elector for President and
Vice Presidentand Representatives in Congress
and members of the State Legislatures. If an
amendment of that kind be proposed I am will-
ing to be as liberal as any one in declaring what
the qualificationsshallbe, althoughit mayinter-
fere with the institutions ot the Staite which I
in part represent and the institutions of many
other States. Let these qualifications be uni-
form throughout the land and defined in clear
and positive terms, and then there can be no
two constructions placed upon the amendment
which cannot be settled by the tribunal of ulti-
mate resort, whether it be the House of Rep-
resentatives in judging of the election of its
members or the Supreme Court of the United
States in testing the qualifications of a citizen
in a case properly made; but so long as it stands
as a mere negative I feel bound to oppose it.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I think now the House
will be better satisfied to have the vote taken
on the amendment, and I ask the previous ques-
tion upon it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would ask the gentle-
man whether he thinks it wise for us to put it
into the Constitution of the United States that
never under any conceivable circumstances
shall any State of the Union require an educa-
tional test for suffrage ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. GARFIELD. I should be sorry to see
such a prohibition placed in the Constitution.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
104, noes 46.
The main question was then ordered to be
put, being upon agreeing to Mr. Botjtwell's
amendment, to add to section one of the pro-
posed article of amendment the following
words: "nor shall educational attainments or
the possession or ownership of property ever
be made a test of the right of any citizen to
vote."
Mr. ROBINSON. I move that the House
do now adjourn. It is quite evident that we
cannot reach a vote to-night, and we had better
adjourn.
The question was put, and the House refused
to adjourn.
The question was then put on Mr. Bout-
well's amendment; and there were—ayes 45,
noes 95.
Mr. BROMWELL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I suppose, under the
circumstances in which we are placed, that the
wiser way is to allow the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio on my left [Mr. Bixg-
ham] to be submitted, and also the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio on my right,
[Mr. Shellabarger.] I will yield first to the
gentleman from Ohio on my left to offer his
amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend section
one of the proposed article of amendment by
striking out all but the words "citizens of the
United States" and inserting so that it shall
read as follows:
No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge or deny to any male citizen of the
United States of sound mind and twenty-one years
of age or upward the equal exercise, subject to such
registration laws as the State may establish, of the
elective franchise at all electionsin the State wherein
he shall have actually resided for a period of one
year next preceding such election, except such of
said citizens as shall engage in rebellion or insur-
rection, or who may have been, or shall be, duly
convicted of treason or other infamous crime.
Mr. BOUTWELL. As I understand that the
gentleman from Ohio on my right [Mr. Shel-
labarger] can move his proposition as a sub-
stitute for that amendment I now yield to him
for that purpose.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move as a sub-
stitute for the amendment of my colleague [Mr.
Bixuham] that which I send to the Chair, being
a modification of the amendment of which I
gave notice a day or two since.
The Clerk read as follows :
No State shall make or enforce any law which shall
deny or abridge to any male citizen of the United
States of the age of twenty-one years or over, and
who is of sound mind, an eaual vote at all elections
in the State in which he shall have his actual resi-
dence, such right to vote to be under sueh regula-
tions as shall be prescribed by law, except to sueh as
have engaged, or may hereafter engage, in insurrec-
tion or rebellion against the United States, and to
sueh as shall be duly convicted of infamous eritne.
The question was upon the substitute offered
by Mr. Shellabarger to the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Bingham.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Tke amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Siiellabauger] is
new -to me. The first impression upon my
