1869.
THE GWGKESSIOftUIj -GLOBE.
i to
mind is that it is iu such form
exactly what we are aiming at.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The regulations
are simply in regard to the exercise of the
right. But the right to vole is secured by the
substantial part of the section.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now call the previous
question upon the amendment and the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question was upon seconding the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. BURR. Is it in order to move that this
joint resolution and the pending amendments
be laid on the table ?
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. B [JRR. Then I make that motion; and
upon it I call for the yeas and nays.
The question was upon ordering the yeas and
nays.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I move that the
House now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if the motion to adjourn shall be now agreed
to this subject will come up as unfinished
business immediately after the morning hour
to-morrow.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Let the previous ques-
tion be seconded now; otherwise we will have
a long debate on this proposition to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The first question to-mor-
row when the consideration of this subject is re-
sumed, if the motion to adjourn is now agreed to,
will be upon the motion of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Burr,] that the resolution and
pending amendments be laid upcjn the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTEL I ask unanimous con-
sent that this joint resolution, with the amend-
ments pending thereto, be printed for the use of
the House.
No objection was made, and the order to
print was accordingly made.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion to adjourn; and upon a division there
were—ayes one hundred and nineteen, noes
not counted.
So the motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to tire appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BANKS: The petition of Catharine
Walsh, for a private bill granting her a pen-
sion.
By Mr. BLAIR: The petition of M. Wake-
mail and 200others, citizens of Jackson county,
Michigan, in favor of granting pension to sol- |
diers of the war of 1812. |
By Mr. HALSBY : The petition of Alex- i
ander Donnan, of Petersburg, Virginia, ask-
ing Congress to remove his disabilities.
Also, the petition of John C. Armistead, of
Petersburg, Virginia, asking Congress to re-
move his disabilities.
By Mr. JONES, of Kentucky: The memo-
rial and petition of Peek, Vanhask & Co., and
others, merchants, distillers, and dealers in dis-
tilled spirits, in the sixth district of Kentucky,
for certain changes and amendments to the
internal revenue laws.
By Mr. KERR : The claim and evidences
of S. M. Stockslager, for payment by the Uni-
ted States of $141 for special service during
the late war. . .
By Mr. KITCHEN; The petition of N. K.
Trout, of Virginia, for removal of political dis-
abilities. , , .
Also, the petition of Samuel Gold,and others,
for the removal of the political disabilities or
Gilbert M. de Lafayette Smith, of West
Virginia. . .
By Mr. M A YN ARB: The petition of James
D. Murray, of Knox county, Tennessee, pray-
ing compensation for supplies furnished during
the war. . . „TT , _
By Mr. PLANTS: Thepetition of Hon. A. G.
Brown and 52 others, citizens of Athens, Ohio,
praying for the passage of the bill now pending
dividing the State of Ohio into three judicial
districts.
By Mr. POLSLEY: A petition of the mem-
bers of the bar of Monroe county, West Vir-
ginia, against the removal of the circuit court
of the United -States from Parkersburg to
Wheeling.
By Mr. ROBERTSON: The jjetition of John
Demorestand others, citizens of southern New
York, for an appropriation for the removal of
obstructions at Hell Gate.
By Mr. SPALDING: The petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, for the enlargement of the Sault
Ste. Marie ship-canal.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, January SO, 1809.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, and by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Journal of yester-
day was dispensed with.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I rise to
a question of privilege. I ask the Clerk to
read a paragraph from the Washington e,orre.-
spondenee of the New York World, which I
send to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read if there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read the following article
from the New York World of yesterday:
" The McGarraJinn Claim.—The McGarrahan claim,
of which much has been made in the Senate for sev-
eral days post, came to a head at two o'clock, when,
by a vote of 27 to 18, it was ordered to request the
House for the papers in the case, and to-morrow
they will be referred to the Judiciary Committee to
reexamine the whole question. Though this is by
construction a private claim, the interests involved
amount to at least $5,000,000, and comprise a liti-
gation for ten years. It is practically McGarrahan
against the Iberia Mining Company, and he claims
to have bouyht the fee of the Spanish company who
used to work the mines. The claim of McGarrahan
has been affirmed by six judgments and denied by
one rendered by Judge Clifford, of the Supreme
Court of the United States. The claim was also in-
dorsed by Abraham Lincoln and Caleb Smith and
Judge "Usher, Secretaries of the Interior; also by
Mr. Browning, the present Secretary. The Commis-
sioner of the Land Office has, ho-wever, not allowed
the claim, and the Public Land Committee of the
Senate reported adversely the last night of last ses-
sion • and without reading their report the claim was
indefinitely postponed at Mr. Stewart's instance. It
was at that time promised by Senator Williams.
chairman of the committee, that McGarrahan should
have a chance to put in more testimony before the
report was presented. Stewart, however, sprung the
report and its indefinite postponement upon the Sen-
ate, though the Judiciary Committee of the House,
through Hon. James Wilson, made at the same time
a tavorable report. When the Senate learned of the
summary disposition of the report, and also that the
Senators most active in its presentation were counsel
of the mining company in question, and that it was
alleged they had rcccived $10,000 in gold as counsel
fees, then Messrs. Ekssendbn, Hkndricks, Morton,
Sherman, and the best of the Senators, determined
to have the case reexamined by a committee not in
interest, and accordingly after a very personal and
bitter debate have carried their point. The case will
now go before the Senate Judiciary Committee, of
which Stewart is also a member, butm which he has
no influence to speak of. The vote of eighteen against
calling up the measure again was, at least halt of it,
cast by Senators really desirous of a fair.and a new
investigation, but they hesitated to revive in the same
Congress a matter which had been indefinitely post-
poned. The Senate, however, largely concludes to
waive the technicality and to go into the business
again, which in its priorphaseshasmvolveddirectly
some, and impliedly the whole Senate, m a decided
scandal- The end is not yet."
Mr. STEWART. It is stated in this article
that there have been six judgments affirming
this claim. The fact is, there was but one, and
that was fraudulently obtained. The land com-
missioners rejected it. It was then taken before
the district court, and the district attorney took
one half of the claim and allowed judgment to
be entered against the United States. It is
here stated that the Secretaries of the Interior
and Mr. Lincoln passed upon it favorably.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. Only a word more.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to raise a ques-
tion of order. The Senator has called the atten
tion of the Senate to what he says is a question
of privilege. It certainly is no question ot
privilege to corrcct th6 oussfc&tsnieiits ni&d©
about a claim in the Senate. If we do that
the whole time of the Senate will be occupied
in correcting the mistakes made with reference
to the business of this body. This does not re-
flect.upon the Senator from Nevada, certainly.
Mr. STEWART. It does. It accuses me of,
having re-ceivetf-a "fee. • - >" 5-- ««*
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is not com-
menting upon that, but he is commentirtg.upon
the statement that half a dozen decisions had
been made, and that Mr. Lincoln and the Sec-
retaries of the Interior had done something.
If we consume the morning hoivr in controvert-
ing these matters we shall do very little business.
Mr. STEWART. I should have been through
by this time if I had not been interrupted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw the point
of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. When a
Senator rises to make a personal explanation,
the usage has been to allow him to. state what
he deems to be proper.
Mr. STEWART. It is stated that the Sec-
retaries of the Interior and Mr. Lincoln passed
upon this claim favorably. If so, their actiofr
was predicated upon this one judgment, which
the highest tribunal in the country has pro-
nounced fraudulent. While these proceedings
were pending in the Department, the Attorney
General took an appeal to the United States
Supreme Court in the original case. The
claimants moved to docket and dismiss the
appeal, wherenpon the question arose and Mr.
Justice Waj;ne delivered the opinion of the
court. I will read one sentence from that
opinion of his:
"It is a most delicate and unwelcome task which
wo are performing, but it must be done in ordyr that
violated justice may bo vindicated, and that official
purity of conduct in our courts may be preserved and
be unsuspected."
He then goes on to comment upon the facts
of the case. When the claim was finally reached
upon its merits, the opinion of the Supreme
Court was delivered by Mr. Justice Clifford.
After reciting the circumstances, which it is
improper for me to go into at length here, he
sums up, saying:
" Comment upon these circumstances is unneces-
sary, except to say the confirmation was fraudulently
obtained."
Then of the six judgments which are paraded
here, there is only one, and that charge is dis-
posed of.
Then the charge of my having been attorney
for the New Idria Company or any party in
interest adverse to Mr. McGarrahan is utterly
false. I would be incapable of appearing in
this Senate, to advocate a claim ofwhich l was
the attorney, and the parties in interest in the
New Idria mine would be incapable of employ-
ing attorneys to appear in this Senate._ It is
utterly false in every intent and every insinu-
ation. I regret that I should be called upon,
as I am now for the first time in my life', to
vindicate my honor against a charge of this
kind ; but I felt it to be due to me and to the
Senate that the matter should be understood.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the memorial of the Chamber oi Commerce
of Cincinnati, Ohio, remonstrating against the
proposed extension of the fifty per cent,, pro-
vision of the bankrupt law; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, in relation to the
improvement of the navigation of the Fox and
Wisconsin rivers; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce. _ " .
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, urging the ratification of the
Shawnee Indian treaty now pending before
the Senate, and the protection of settlers on
the Shawnee lands; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented resolutions adopted at a
mass meeting of citizens of Yankton, Dakota
Territory, remonstrating against the passage
of the bill to abolish the political organization
of that Territory; which were referred to the
Committee on Territories.
