1869.
/
THE CON (jRESSKMA-L GLOBE.
733
and it is for the purpose of lettl^in those who
cannot get tickets in the evening that this
proposition is offered.
Mr. CONICL1NG. Are the doors closed at
any hour daring which this resolution proposes
to open them? If not, then there is no perti-
nency in the suggestion of the Senator. Of
course, I am aware that during the time when
the members of the two Houses and the other
persons taking part in the inauguration ceremo-
nies are traversing the building in procession,
as I believe they do, for the reason that two
solid bodies cannot occupy the same space at
thesame time,other persons are excluded. That
is a philosophical proposition, I believe, which
the Senator cannot very well obviate by a res-
olution. But the point is, that during that time
this resolution would not open the doors any
wider or amplify the space any more. On the
contrary, without the resolution the time to
which it applies will be a time when the build-
ing can and will be open to everybody.
Mr. CORBETT. When this resolution was
up before I did not state my reason for voting
against it, but it is substantially the reason
offered by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Drake,] who states that the Rotunda is an
unsuitable and improper place for such a recep-
tion or ball. Every one who has passed
through tbe Rotunda and gone from the Ro-
tunda to the Senate wing or House wing of
the building must know that the drafts through
that portion of the building are so cold that it
is impossible for persons to pass through there
without taking cold unless they have on over-
coats, cloaks, or shawls. For that reason I
voted against the resolution before, and shall
feel constrained to do so now. I think some
other place in the city could be obtained that
would be much more acceptable to the people
.generally,and much more healthy for the ladies
who may visit the reception or ball.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
. ness of yesterday, being the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 8) proposing an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, is before
the Senate.
Several Senators. Let us vote on this
question.
Mr. CRAGIN. I hope the Senator from
Nevada will not object to our taking a vote on
this motion. There will be no further debate.
Mr. STEWART. I cannot give way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire asks the unanimous
consent of the Senate to pass over the order
of the day informally for the purpose of taking
a vote on this subject.
Mr. STEWART. I object.
Mr. EDMUNDS and others. Let us settle
it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore■. Objection
being made, Senate joint resolution No. 8 is
before the Senate, the pending question being
on the amendment of the Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Dixon,] upon which the Sen-
ator from Connecticut [Mr. Ferry] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. STE WART. If the debate on the other
subject is concluded, and the Senator from
Connecticut is willing to yield the floor long
enough to allow the vote to be taken, I will
consent that that shall be done.
Mr. FERRY. I am willing to yield to allow
a vote to be taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut yields for that purpose;
and the question is on the motion to leconsider
the vote rejecting the concuirent resolution,
upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 29; as follows:
yeas—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony. Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Connoss, Cragin, Edmunds. Ferry, Fesseh-
den, Harlan. Kellogg, McDonald, Nye. Patterson of
Tennessee, Pomeroy, Rice, Stewart, Xhayer, Welch,
and Williams—21. T
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Conklmg. Corbett, Da-
vis. Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, Grimes, Harris, Hend-
ricks, McCreery, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Norton, Oshorn, Patterson of JNew
Hampshire, Pool, Ramsey, Robertson* Sherman'
Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull, Yiekers. Wade, War-
ner, Wuley, and Wilson—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Fowler, Fre-
linghuysen, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Mort-oh,
Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Spencer, Tipton, Van
Winkle, Whyte, and Yates—16.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
committee service.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before the
Senator from Connecticut takes the floor the
Chair will' announce the appointment of Mr.
Williams, of Oregon, as a member of the
Committee on Education in place of Mr. Har-
I4.N) who was excused.
order op business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
from Connecticut will excuse me, I desire to
make a motion to postpone the special order,
with a view of taking up an appropriation bill
of which I gave notice yesterday, provided it
does not discommode the honorable Senator
from Connecticut. If it is agreeable to him to
go on on Monday I will make the motion.
Mr. FERRY. It is entirely immaterial to
me whether I go on to-day or Monday. I can-
not, however, yield the floor without the con-
sent of the Senator from Nevada, -who has in
charge the resolution upon which I am to
speak ; but I will say, so far as I am myself con-
cerned, that I am entirely indifferent whether
I go on to-day or Monday. I refer the Senator
from Maine to the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I submit the
motion to postpone.
Mr. STEWART. I object to the motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
submit it. I have the floor. I do not yield to
the Senator.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Con-
necticut has not yielded the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think I have
the floor. I move to postpone the special
order and all other orders and proceed to the
consideration of 
Mr. STEWART. Does the Senator from
Connecticut yield for that motion?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not yield
to the Senator from Nevada at present.
Mr. STEWART. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call the Sen-
ator from Nevada to order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine must not be interrupted until
he can make his motion'.
Mr. STEWART. I rise to a point of order,
that he is not in order in making the motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 believe the
Chair recognized me.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine had the floor, and the Chair
supposes that it is in order for him to make a
motion or to state what the motion is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to post-
pone the special order and take up the bill
(H. R. No. 1564) making appropriations for
the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year endiug June 80,
1870.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine moves that the spccial order
and all prior orders be postponed for the pur-
pose of taking up the bill indicated by him;
Mr. STEWART. I believe that motion
opens the merits of the resolution, because if
it is postponed it is perfectly obvious that it
cannot be passed at this session, and there
will be no use in trying to call it up again.
The speeches upon it will soon conclude now ;
but if it is passed over it will be rediseussed and
it will be the end of the whole proposition for
the session. I should so regard it. If the
appropriation bills are now to dome in, and
then the Committee on Finance are allowed
to present their business and we cannot reach
a vote now when we have the resolution under
consideration, it will be impossible to pass this
constitutional amendment at the present ses-
sion. Upon this motion, to see whether the
Senate will consider it at all, I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. PERRY. As I stated, it is entirely im-
material to me whether I go on to-day or on
Monday with my remarks upon the constitu-
tional amendment. I do, however, feel that
that amendment is so important, and the neces-
sity for the action of the Senate upon it is so
great, that I should very much dislike that any
action of mine should displace the considera-
tion of that amendment and allow other busi-
ness to come in and take the place of it. I
supposed that the Senator from Maine would
merely ask to have the pending order laid aside
informally, not absolutely to displace it. I
should be unwilling, not on account of my own
convenience buttm account of public interests,
to have the special order absolutely displaced,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I did not make
that motion,' because I was advised by the hon-
orable Senator from Nevada that he would
oppose the proposition. So I made the only
motion I could make. Of course I do not wish
to interfere with the Senator from Connecticut;
and I first ascertained before making the mo-
tion that it would not be disagreeable to his
wishes. It is now a question for the Senate, and
I address myself to the Senate. I have here
four appropriation bills of a character which I
think can all be disposed of to-day. They are
all that have been sent to the Senate from the
House of Representatives.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator mention
the names of the bills ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. They are the
bills making appropriations for pensions, the
Military Academy, the naval service, and for
consular and diplomatic expenses. I am sure
they can all be disposed of to-day, and we can
make that progress toward the completion of
the appropriation bills. I need not say that at
this late dayin the session it seems to be quite
indispensable that we should make that much
progress. On Monday we are to have the In-
dian appropriation bill, and very soon after that
the Army appropriation bill, and a little later
the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill, which the Senate well knows will
very likely occupy their time exclusively for
several days. Therefore, if the Senate intend
to hold me or the Committee on Appropriations
responsible for due progress in these bills, 1 feel
it my bounden duty to urge their consideration
on the Senate at the present time.
I wish to suggest another consideration to
the honorable Senator from Nevada, who has
charge of the measure which is the special order.
To-day, I ain told, the House of Representa-
tives will send to the Senate a similar proposi-
tion for the amendment of the Constitution;
I do not know but one precisely identical with
this. If the Senate shall be able to adopt the
proposition which may come from the other
House, that will end the whole matter. I sug-
gest, therefore, to the Senator from Nevada
whether he will not, with the Senator from
Connecticut, concur in my proposition, and
allow the constitutional amendment to pass
over until Monday. By that time we shall
probably have an amendment from the other
House, and then the Senate will have the whole
subject before it. I hope, therefore, that there
will be no objection to my proposition, and if
the Senator from Nevada chooses, I am quite
willing that the special order shall go by in-
formally so as not to lose its place, and be in
order on Monday, and I will endeavor to make
such progress in the appropriation bills to-day
as to be out of the way of it.
Mr. STEWART. I am very fearful that if
the constitutional amendment is postponed it
is the end of it for the session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Oh, no.
Mr. STEWART. The chairman of the
Committee on finance is pressing his financial
measures, and he will soon call on the Senate
to act upon them. The Indian appropriation
bill will be here on Monday.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It has to go to
the committee.
Mr. STEWART. As to the proposition pend-
ing in the other House, if it comes in here to-
day it can just as well be considered in eon-
