7H6
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
passed upon the accounts of a disbursing offi-
cer he could go one step further than the mere
inquiry whetter a payment was provided for
by law, and"ascertain also whether the dis-
bursing officer had gone beyond the appropri-
ation. I supposed that was an inquiry that
was possible, liy the accounting officers, the
Auditor and the Comptroller. I think that
the House of Representatives by this proposi-
tion is aimingat a very important reform. It
is not right that Congress shall provide for a
certain public service and then make a partial
appropriation to carry on that service, and the
administrative officer go beyond that appro-
priation, with the hope of having the matter
settled in a deficiency bill. That whole system
is an evil,-and it is an evil of long standing,
not of this administration or of the one before
it; but for twenty yfrars I believe this evil has
been complained of. I suppose the House of
Representatives thought it could be corrected
in this way; but if gentlemen who are so familar
with the machinery of the Treasury say that
this particular proposition is not practicable or
is of doubtful propriety I shall not insist; and
therefore, at the suggestion of the chairman of
the Committee on Finance and the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, I for the
present withdraw my amendment.
The PRBSf DENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment reported
by the Committee on Appropriations to strike
out the section.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the vote is taken
I desire simply to state that the Senator from
Indiana must be aware that the ordinary mode
of getting money is by requisition drawn by an
executive officer upon the Secretary of the
Treasury. It is the business of the Secretary
to examine first and ,see whether an appro-
priation. has been made-by Congress, without
which the money cannot be paid. Upon re-
ceiving his sanction, a-propee draft is drawn
on the Treasurer, at|d that is signed andcotm-
tersigned. The Auditor has nothing to do with
the requisition and nothing to do with the ap-
propriations. That has always been the way
from the foundation of the Government.
Mr. HKND-RICKS. I ask the Senator from
Ohio, as a matter of fact, if every year payments
are not made for carrying on the public service
in excess of appropriations, and if it has not
gone up to hundreds of millions of dollars
a year? It-is au evil that ought to be Cor-
rected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that at the
last session the evil of transferring appropria-
tions under authority given to heads of De-
partments to transfer appropriations from one
head to another had grown to be such a fearful
abusetbatthe Committee on Finance undertook
by.a radical change to correct it; but.fbr-some
reason or other our proposition was very much
modified before it-was finally enacted in one
of the appropriation bills. As.it now stands,
all transfers ere prohibited except of certain
classes of appropriations in the Navy and War
Departments. The accounting officers have
nothing to do .with questions of appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to. .
Mr. MORRILL, ofMaine. Ihavean amend-
ment to propose from the Committee on Ap-
propriations to come in after line two hundred
and eight:
That the officer in charge of ordnanee and gunnery
experiments at the Washington nary-yard shall
lecetve thesame pay, and no greater pay. than the
omoers of the same gfade performing other shore
duty. " , '•
The amendment was agreed to. - - -■
Mr. GRIMES. I athinstructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to'offer the following
aniendment'as an additional section : ' *' 1
And be it further enacted, That so much of the
eighth section of an "Act entitled an act to amend
certain acts in. relation to the ' approved
March 2, 1867, as authorized the annual selection of,
ten unlisted apprentices tor appointment'as mid-
shipmen to the Naval Academy be, attd thi-same is
hereby, repealed.
Mr. MOtlRILLy of Maine. ' I do not know
what the effeet of that-is.
- Mr. ©RIMES. It takes away the appoint-
ment of ten midshipmen from the enlisted,
apprentices of thee Navy. - "'J-
The amendment was agre'ed to.
Mr. DRAl£E.'; I'aim instructed "by'fhe Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to offer the'following
amendment as an additional, section:
And be it further enacted, That so much of the'first
section of the act mailing appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30, 1853. as
declares that the salary of the secretary of the Na-
val Academy shall be j.1.250 per annum be,'and the
same is hereby, repealed, and tile salary of siiid-sec-
retary from and after the :i Ith day of June, 1868,
shall be at the rate of §1,600 per annum.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should-like to
have the Senator explain that amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. I will explain it. In the act
referred to in the amendment, passed in 1852,
the salary of this officer was fixed at $l,2o0. In
18(32 the estimate of the Department was, and
every year since has been, for an appropriation
of §1,GOO for this office ; but the secretary has
never been able to get of that any more than
the $1,250, because of an omission to repeal
the previous limitation on -the salary, though
the appropriation lias been made on the basis
of $1,000 now ever since the year 1851. Last
year an act was passed requiring unexpended
appropriations to the credit of the Navy De-
partment standing on the 30ih of June, 1868,
to be passed into-the Treasury, and, therefore,
there is no unexpended appropriation on this
account which could he given to that office for
a period anterior to that date.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This amend-
ment, then, is to put the law in harmony with
the appropriations ?
Mr. DRAKE. Entirely so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. " Does it cover
past arrearages ?
Mr. DRAKE. It covers only from the 1st
day of July, 1868. All the unexpended-arrear-
ages prior to that time have gone' back into the
Treasury again, arid he can get' nothing in the
past, beyond the 1st of July, 1868.
'The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
For observation of the eclipse of the sun in August,
under the direction of the superintendent of the
Nautical Almanac, $5,000, or so much thereof as may
()e necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. Nl"E. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to offer, in accordance
with the notice I gave a day or two ago, the
following amendment:
For improving the mouth of the harbor at the
Midway Islands, in the Pacific ocean, $o0,UU0.
I should like to have the report of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs on this subject read.
The Chief Clerk read the report, as follows:
"The Committee on Naval Affairs having, byres-
olution of the tienate. passed December lti, 1868, been
'directed to inquire into the practicability, expedi-
ency, and probable cost of deepening the entrance to
the harbor of Midway Islands, in the Pacific ocean, so
as to afford a safe rendezvous und port of refuge and
resortfor the naval andmerchant vessels of tho Uni-
ted States,' beer leave to report:
" The Midway Islands, so called from their position
nearly midway between California and Japan, are
situated in latitude 28° 12' north, longitude 170° 22'
west, and distant from San Francisco twen'y-eight
hundred nautical miles, from the coast.of Japan
twenty-two hundred miles, and from Honolulu
twelve hundred miles. They were discovered on the
5th of July, 18o9. by Captain N. C. Brooks, an Amer-
ican ship-master, commanding the bark Gambia,
owned by American citizens, though sailed under the
Hawaiian liag; were first occupied by the Pacifie
Mail Steamship Company in July, 1867, and on the
28th of the following .month were formally taken
possession of in the name of the United States by
Captain William .Reynolds, commanding the United
States steamer- Lackawanna, by order of the Secre-
tary of the Navy.
"The group consists of two islands of coralline for-
mation. the most important being a mUe and a half
Ipng, three-quarters of a mile broad,' and fifty-seven
feet high, inclosed in an encircling Coral reef open
on the west so as to form an entrance eight-hundred
feet wide to a roomy*deep, and safe harbor, sheltered
against the prevailing winds. There is not sufficient
water in the bar, however, to admit vesses drawing
over eighteen feet. There is no vegetation of any
^ousecpience on either island, but a plentiful supply
of good fresh, water is found there. The climate is
mild and healthful at all seasons.
Practicability of deepening- t!ie entranee,—The re-
ports and charts accompanying rhowthat *t,he bar
is quite nanow and has -an .uneven bottom of coral
rock and small sand holes, its dep.th changing in-
stantly and often from three and a half to three
fathoms, the least depth*i'oand it low water being
eigheeen feet. The tide rises eighteen inches at
ncup. and spring tides three feet." (Report of Cap-
tain Reynolds.) ' '
' Your committee are of opinion, after considering
the reports of the secretary of the Navy, of Rear
Admiral ihatcher, under whose orders the surveys
wefe made, of Commodore Jenkins, chief of the Bu-
reaa of Navigation, and of Captain Reynolds, who
peisonauy .ejt^mined: and surveyed the locality, that
there can be no doubt of the entire practicability of
removing the obstructions by simple methods so as
to give a uniform depth of twenty-four teet at"low
water, sufficient to admit our largest ships of war.
All the officers named concur in this view.
" JSi'pediency.—Your committee consider it most
important, in every point of view, that this work be
undertaken immediately. By it access will be given
to one of the finest harbors in the world, safe and
roomy, and the naval and merchant vessels of Amer-
ica will find under their own flag, just at the point
where the growth and devejopment of our national
interests and commerce indicate the need, a rendez-
vous and port of reiuge and resort. The Navy will
be enabled to produre coals and supplies there conve-
niently and economically. In concerted operations
between the Asiatic and North Pacific squadrons,
especially in the event of a foreign war, this station
would play a most important part, and besides lend-
ing increased efficiency thereto would render asmaller
number ot vessels necessary for the protection of our
commerce on the Pacific ocean. The large steamers
of the California* and China mail lino will be able to
coal there regularly, thus greatly reducing their
heavy loads and increasing their speed, while at the
same time giving frequent and regular communica-
tion. Our large whaling fleet in the North Pacific,
now driven to winter in Japan or the Sandwich inl-
ands, will find at the Midway Islands a national port
with superior advantages, where they can send and
receive letters and send home their products in for-
tunate seasons. Nor should it bo forgotten that if
we neglect the prize other na ions will not be slow
to grasp it, and wo may find in some future war
another Nassau shielding with its neutral flag other
Alabamas and Florida*, the destroyers of our com-
merce on the Pacific, and enabling them to carry on
their piratical attacks with convenience and salety.
"There is no other port available for our naval and
merchant vessels-between California ajad Japan.,
"Coat.—In theabseneeof surveysapdexaminadons
specially undertaken by experts for tho particular
purpose of determining the exact area 6f rook to bo
removed, and by a series of experiments on the spot,
the exact cost of removing a given quantify, no esti-
mate can be formed with accuracy. Rut in view of
the manifest importance of the work, and its great
value, and believing that the expense ot an oxpciii-
tion to make such preliminary examinations and
experiments would go far towards accomplishing the
substantial result soughr, your committer beg leave
to recommend that aliberal provision be at om-e
made for the work by inserting in the naval appro-
priation bill an appropriation of $50,000, or so uiuc i
thereof as may be necessary, for deepening the en-
trance totheharborof Midway Islands, in theP.icilic
Ocean so as to afford a sale rendezvous and port of
refuge and resort for the naval and merchant vessels
of the United States, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Navy, if in his judgment
expedient, after preliminary examination of the sit-
uation ot the Islands."
Mr. NYE. I see that there is a mistake of
a thousand miles in the distance stated in the
report.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to call
the attention of the Senate to the character of
this piupo&ition. I thought at first that per-
haps it ought to go to the Committee on Com-
merce, having charge of the river and harbor
bill; but it is obvious enough that I was mis-
taken about that, because this is not a harbor
belonging to the United States. It occurs to
me that there may be another question which
the Senate ought to be apprized of. This is
an appropriation of $50,000 to improve a har-
bor midway between this country and China
and Japan, Will the Senator from Nevada
who offers the amendment tell us whose island
that is ?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir. The island was dis-
covered about three years ago by an American
citizen by the name of Brooks, and taken pos-
session of in the name of the United States
and by hoisting the flag of the United States.
Since that time it has been formally taken pos-
session of by Commodore Thatcher, acting
under the orders of the: Government. It is the
first island ever taken possession of by the
United States since it was a Government.
Mr. MOIILULL, of Maine. But there is no
information before the Senate in the commu-
nication which has heen read that it belongs
to the Government of the United States. 1 do
not raise thatqaestioaif the honorable Senator
