738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
did not mean to impute any blame to anybody
about it, bu'^by the action of time this amend-
ment never has reached the committee, never
has been considered by them. Therefore, as
one member of the committee, I have no knowl-
edge in regard t,o it; and that alone ought to
prevent my objecting to it upon the merits
because from want of information I should not
be warranted in doing that.
This suggestion, however, occurs to me: no
Senator seems to know that $50,000 will answer
the purpose, and by consequence no Senator
can know how much more than $50,000 will
be needed. It seems to me that as there are
papers relating to this subject which have not
been before the Senate, and which certainly
have not been before the Committee on Appro-
priations, it might be well, and perhaps be
entirely satisfactory to Senators supporting the
amendment, to allow it to stand and be con-
sidered in connection with the miscellaneous
appropriation bill or any other bill to which
perhaps just as appropriately as to this it might
be annexed.
I suppose from the statement made that we
may safely assume that the United States does
own and will own these islands; but even that
question is to be determined upon facts which
only in a very general way now can be conveyed
to the Senate. Without, therefore, meaning
to interpose against this amendment upon its
merits, which I have 110 information to war-
rant my doing, I suggest that it is of importance
in itself and in future appropriations to which
it may possibly point; and therefore, inasmuch
as the Committee on Appropriations has not
considered it, and has had no opportunity to
consider it, there being other bills behind which
must come here presently, it possibly may be
the pleasure of the Senate, and not objection-
able to the Senators supporting it, to allow it
to stand, that it may be considered and annexed
to another bill, if it is to be adopted at all.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I think I can
answer the inquiry as to how this question
comes before the Senate from the Committee
on Naval Affairs. It was simply because the
Senate, in the exercise of its own judgment,
saw fit to intrust the examination of this sub-
ject to the Naval Committee. A proposition
was introduced by some Senator, I do not
know who, referring this subject to the Naval
Committee, and instructing them to make such
inquiries as they could as to the feasibility, the
necessity, and the propriety of such an im-
provement, and of what value it would prob-
ably be to the Government. I suppose the
reason why that resolution was introduced and
thus referred was because Admiral Thatcher,
who recently was in command of the North
Pacific squadron, had a particular survey made
of these islands and the harbor completely
platted out, returned to the Navy Department
with his recommendation that an appropria-
tion should be made for the purpose of remov-
ing the obstructions just at the mouth of it.
As has been said by my colleague on the com-
mittee, [Mr. Nye,] these Midway Islands are
just about midway in the Pacific ocean, three
thousand and some hundred miles from the
Pacific coast of the United States and three
thousand and some hundred miles from Japan.
They have been recently discovered by United
States sea captains, and have been taken pos-
session of by us. They are reported by our
naval officers to furnish an admirable harbor.
On the bar, entering the harbor, there are eight
feet of water at low tide, and perhaps twenty
or twenty-one feet of water at high tide.
The committee, in the prosecution of their
inquiries, addressed a note to the engineer
officer in charge of the engineer department of
the Army to get information from him as to
what would be the probable expense of the
removal of these obstructions. He answered
us to the effect that he was not able to give us
any very satisfactory information on the sub-
ject. Thereupon, the committee were com-
pelled to rely upon such data as they could
obtain from naval officers who were familiar
with these coral reefs; and the committee were
satisfied—I wassatisfied, atanyrate; I am not
authorized to speak for the other members of
the committee — that $50,000 would not be
required to make the proper improvements at
this harbor and remove this obstruction.
Now, the Senator from New York proposes
that we allow this proposition to lie over and
put it upon another appropriation bill. The
objection to that is, that then it probably would
not be intrusted to the same parties to make
the improvement that it would be if it was in-
corporated into this bill. Allowing the Navy
to make the improvement, authorizing it to be
done under the Secretary of the Navy, who
has the ships and the men already in the pub-
lic employment, to go out and make the proper
surveys and examinations and carry on the
improvement it probably would not cost one
tenth of what it would if yon made the appro-
priation upon your ordinary river and harbor
bill and authorized it to be done under the
direction of the Secretary of War ; because in
that case vessels would have to be chartered
or purchased, scows would have to be made,
dredging-machinesof anew construction would
have to be made; whereas you now can take
all the implements we have at the Mare Island
navy-yard *o be used for this purpose, and
thereby save a very large amount of money.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to remark that I made no such
suggestion as that which he is now consider-
ing. It never occurred to me, if this is to be
done, that it should be done by any Depart-
ment except the Navy Department; but why
is it, if he will tell us, that on miscellaneous
appropriation bills, for example, this very
amendment cannot be attached with the direc-
tion in a word that it is to be done by the Navy
Department,?
Mr. GRIMES. Why is it that it should not
be put on this naval appropriation bill? Is
not the Senator willing to trust to the examina-
tion that the Naval Committee has been able
to give to this subject? Is it vastly important
that the Committee on Appropriations, of
which he and I have the honor to be members,
should consider it? Is that committee any
more entitled to examine this subject, or enti-
tled to greater credit for any examination they
may make on a question of this kind, than the
Naval Committee?
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me, I did not interrupt him for the purpose of
making that suggestion. If the Senate is suffi-
ciently informed on this subject—and the in-
formation which the Senator is now giving
certainly goes far to that end—so be it; but if,
in truth, any further investigation is desirable
there catibe noobjection to puttingtheamend-
ment on another bill rather than upon this.
That is my point. Now, if the Senator thinks
we know enough a^out it to put it on this bill,
very good; if we do not, I submit to him, there
is no objection whatever to selecting another
bill rather than this on which to put it.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know what may be
the condition of information of other members.
All I can say is that I think the Senate has all
the light on the subject they are able to obtain.
I think that no question ever came before the
Naval Committee where there was a greater
effort to procure accurate information on a
subject than there was on this. I regret ex-
tremely that the papers that accompanied the
report of the committee have been sent for
publication to the printer, and are not within
the reach of the Senate at this time. This is
a subject, I desire to state, in which I have no
particular direct interest. The gentlemen rep-
resenting the Pacific coast are very deeply
interested in it. It is a question that certainly
must address itself to the good judgment of
every man who is largely interestedintheeom-
merce of the country, and it will be a great aid
to the Navy of the United States and to our
national defenses in the future. That is the
reason I support it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I propose an
amendment to the amendment, which I send
to the Clerk's table and ask to have read.
The Chief Cleric. It is proposed to amend
the amendment so that it will read:
For deepening the entrance to the hnrbor af Mid-
way Islands, in the Pacific ocean, so as to afforda,safo
rendezvous and port of refuge and resort lor the
naval and merchant vessels of the United States,
$50,000. or so much thereof as may be necessary, to bo
expended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Navy, if in his judgement, after a preliminary exam-
ination, he shall deem such expenditure expedient.
Mr. NYE. That is all right.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If that is accept-
able perhaps it will obviate the difficulty.
Mr. NYE. I think that is right.
Mr. COLE. I understand the preliminary
examination has already been had, and that
this will result in the delay requisite to make
another examination.
Mr. NYE. If they have a satisfactory sur-
vey now, of course they will not make another,
but will act upon the survey already made.
Mr. COLES. If they have light enough on
the subject now I do not see why there should
be another examination or survey.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It will throw
the responsibility upon the Secretary.
Mr. COLE. It seems to me the amendment
would require another examination before the
expenditure could be made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is not the
language of it-
Mr. NYE. The Navy Department are fully
possessed of all the facts. It might be better
to insert the words "if another examination
is deemed necessary," but I guess it is well
enough as it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as modified by the
Senator from Maine.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to offer the following
amendment as an additional section to the bill:
And be it further enacted. That the officc of Solicit or
and Naval Judge Advocate General be, and the same
is hereby, continued and established, and 83,000 are
appropriated for the salary of said Solicitor and Naval
Judge Advocate General.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That office was
created during the exigencies of the late civil
war, and with an express provision that it should
terminate with the war. We had this question
up here last year and it was pretty largely dis-
cussed, and the inclination ofthe Senate seemed
to be that it would not authorize the continu-
ance of the office beyond the present year. I
therefore wish the Senate to understand that
this is for the establishment now of what I must
regard as a new office in the Navy Department.,
and should like the Senate to vote upon the
subject understandingly. That is the only pur-
pose I had.
Mr. CRAGIN. It is true, as the Senator
from Maine says, that this office was created
during the rebellion. It was created in I860,
and was to continue during the war and one
year thereafter; but Congress has annually, by
appropriations, kept the office alive ur> to this
time. The Committee on Naval Affairs, or
those of us who have given the subject atten-
tion, are satisfied that this is an important
office. The Secretary of the Navy states that
there are very many important questions that
arise requiring legal investigation, and that the
salary paid to the Solicitor and Naval Judge
Advocate General is less than would be paid to
special counsel if 110 such office as this existed.
It appears that there is an intimate connection
in some way between this office and the War
Department, for I find here a letter from tbe
Secretary of War, addressed to the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, urging the
continuance of this office.
Mr. GRIMES. Road it.
Mr. CRAGIN. It is dated—
January 10.1SG9.
Sir: I desire to eall your attention 10 a ielter ad-
dressed by me to you dunug the Ui-'t of Con-
gress relative to &ener,il Bowie-', and reiterate what
I then expressed, that J concur with the Secretary
of the Navy and Oeneral Grant in the opinion that
