18(59.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
739
the public service will be promoted by continuing
the office of Naval Solicitor and Judge Advocate
General. _
I am, sir, very rt-spoctfully. your obedient servant,
J. M. SC01<TELD, Secretary of War.
Hon. J. W. Geimus,
Chairman Senate Committee on Naval Affairs.
For these reasons and others the commit-
tee instrucled me to offer this amendment. Of
course I have no interest in it. My own pri-
vate opinion is that it will be good policy and
good economy to adopt it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I was
not able to concur with the majority of the
Comftiittee oil Naval Affairs in favor of this
amendment, it is, perhaps, not a matter of
great consequence. Possibly I ought not to
occupy any of the time of the Senate about so
small a matter. It only involves the expendi-
ture of a few thousand dollars from the Treas-
ary and the continuance in office of an officer
who is not required by the public service. Such
matters seem to be regarded as so trivial' that
it is hardly worth while to ask the attention
of the Senate to them perhaps.
This office was created during the war, and
by the law of its creation it was only to con-
tinue during the war. It was supposed that
during the war there would be questions come
belore the Navy Department which for their
examination would require a legal mind, and
therefore the office of J udge Advocate General
was created for that Department to continue
during the war. At the close of the war it
was found that there was still of that class of
business a large amount undisposed of, and
the office was continued for a year. Another
year rolled around, and it was continued for
another year upon the pretense that it was
necessary to close up the business.
Now. Mr. President, it is proposed to make
it a permanent office of the Navy Department.
I do not believe it is required. The investi-
gations of courts-martial that are held in the
Navy Department do not require a court of
justice for that Department. It is not as it is
in the Army. There was no such officer as this
known to the Department prior to the war.
The proposition is now presented for the first
time to the Senate, and I ask the attention of
Senators to the fact, to make the office of
Judge Advocate General a permanent office in
the Navv Department. It is against the ex-
press judgment of the Senateand of Congress
every time an opinion has been expressed
upon it.
I was in the committee and heard the state-
ment of the gentleman who holds the office.
I heard him explain what he has to do; the
class and extent of business that comes before
him ; and I do not believe that he ought to be
continued as a permanent officer of the De-
partment. W e can as well relieve the ireas-
urv of the expense connected with continuing
this office as not; at least that is my judgment,
and it is a judgment formed upon his own state-
ment of the amount of business that calls for
bis continuance in office. I shall not care very
much if the Senate determine to continue it, as
there are so many offices being continued now;
but 1 should like"to see a discontinuance of an
office that is not necessary.
Mr. DRAKE. I desire to say a word m
reply to the remarks of the honorable Senator
from Indiana concerning this office. After a
full examination of the subject the majority of
the Naval Committee carae to the conclusion
that it was better to establish the office per-
manentlv.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to make one other statement which I in-
tended to make, and then he can answer the
whole?
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This amendment pro-
poses to reverse the judgment ot Congress at
the last session. Congress decided then that
the office should be discontinued unless ex-
pressly continued, expressing their purpose at
the last session to discontinue the office.
Mr. DEi '\KE. I do not see exactly that the
action of Congress at the last session is to be
regarded as precisely in the light in which the
honorable Senator from Indiana states it. My
recollection is, that the appropriatiorwfor the
office was continued only until the 4th of
March, and that if Congress did not in the
mean time continue the office beyond the 4th
of March then it should cease. They did not
decide in that that the office should be discon-
tinued, bnt left it for the decision of the Con-
gress at this session whether it should be dis-
continued.
Now, Mr. President, this office is desired
very much by the Navy Department. The Sec-
retary of the Navy has written a lfetter to the
Committee on Naval Afftirs, urging the per-
maneney of the office; and the very ground
that he puts it upon is one which, if true, as I
doubt not it is, completely overthrows the prin-
cipal position taken by the Senator from Indi-
ana. The Senator from Indiana says we can
save the expense of this office to the Govern-
ment. To that I reply, upon the statement of
the Secretary of the Navy, that if this office is
dispensed with the Navy Department will have
to pay more money for special counsel than the
sala;ry of the office amounts to; so that the
refusal to establish the office will be unques-
tionably an expense to the Government instead
of a saving of money.
I have examined this matter, Mr. President,
with as much skill and care as I could. Here
is an officer who is not only to be the Judge
Advocate Genera! of the Navy Department,
but the Solicitor of the Navy Department as
well—two functions combined in the same
office. I have examined the ground as well as
I could, as thoroughly as I could, and the
conclusion that I have come to is just the
reverse of that which the honorable Senator
from Indiana has expressed. I really believe
that the interests of the service and the inter-
ests of the Treasury will be subserved by
making this a permanent office. You have a
Judge Advocate General, an Assistant Judge
Advocate General, and a corps of ten or a
dozen judge advocates in the Army; and here
for the whole naval service a single solicitor
and judge advocate is begrudged. I think it
would be unwise and impolitic and expensive
to the Government to refuse to provide fortius
office.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not know
whether it would be wise or not to make this
a permanent office ; but I am satisfied it ought
not to be discontinued this year. The office
is now filled by a gentleman who is well read
and thoroughly furnished at all points in the
law, and I have no question but that he has
saved the Government ten times over his salary
for all the time he has been employed therein.
I trust we shall at least provide that he may be
continued for a year longer.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 do not wish to occupy
more than a moment upon this proposition.
The statements made by the Senator from In-
diana in connection with this office are strictly
correct. The Senate has said time and again
that it was a provisional office. It was created
during the war because of the excess of public
business connected with that Department; and
now, with not a speck of war or a speck of
the war left remaining, it is proposed to erect
it into a permanent office. 1 hope it will not
be done.
I regret that my friend from Vermont,
always economical, mostly too much so, advo-
cates its provisionalretention upon the ground
that it is filled by a particular person, or a per-
son perhaps, more correctly stated, of particu-
lar qualities. Why, sir, when a man gets into
office he always has those qualities; he is
always a good man; you cannot do without
him; there is not in the country his like; and
the wonder is that when officeholders die, as
they rarely do, their like can ever be found
again. [Laughter.]
I hope that no permanent office ot tins sort
will be created. I hope that it will not be kept
existing any longer as a temporary institution
either,"but will be abolished, as I believe it
stands abolished now, if lam not misinformed,
by its termination. I trust, I will say in con-
clusion, that at the outgoing of the venerable
and distinguished officer who has graced the
position of the head of naval affairs in this
country so long we will hardly continue this
office at his advice. Let us wait until we can
get some not uncommon sense and ability, but
common sense at the head of that Depart-
ment—some vigor, some spirit, some percep-
tion. Let us wait until jobbery has closed,
and integrity and vigor shall characterize that
as well as every other Department of the Gov-
ernment under the new order of things, and
then take the advice of the head of that De-
partment, if we are to be advised by the head
of a Department.
Mr. GRIMES. I simply desire to inquire
of the Senator from Vermont under what par-
ticular head this large amount, of money that
has been saved by this officer has been placed
in the Treasury Department? [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Iowa does not inquire for information,
but he puts the inquiry because he supposes it
would embarrass me to answer it, but it will
not in the least. I answer that if this officer
had not been employed the services of distin-
guished attorneys like the Senator, who charge
largefeesforverytriflingperformances, [laugh-
ter,] would have been inevitable in the Navy
Department.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not going to oppose
the adoption of this amendment. I did not
agree with the majority of the committee in
regard to it; but I wish the Senate to under-
stand this thing. Those gentlemen who sup-
pose that this is going to save any money most
egregiously err. The idea seems to be, from
what I hear, that this Judge Advocate General
is to go to the different navy-yards, whenever
a court- martial or a court of inquiry is ordered,
and there act as the judge advocate of that
court of inquiry. It is not proposed that he
shall do anything of the kind, and the Navy
Department will be compelled to employ a man
to do that, just as they always have employed
one, both during the time this gentleman has
been at the head of that bureau and before.
This simply creates a kind of bureau officer,
whose business it is to examine the records of
courts-martial that are held on board of ships of
war in different stations and at different yards ;
and after making that examination report to the
Secretary of War the same thing that has been
(lone by acleik in the Navy Department.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Iowa—as he is very familiar with all
such questions—whether the Navy now, in
regard to the number of men employed, is
larger than it was before the war, wben there
was no Judge Advocate General at all; and if
so, to what extent?
Mr. GRIMES. The Navy, as to its men, is
no larger. The Navy, a-i to its line officers,
has about one hundred more than at the begin-
ning af the war, but no more than was allowed
at the beginning ot' the war. The staff officers
in the Navy are considerably increased, per-
haps fifty per cent., and I do not know but
more ; that is to say, the surgeons and pay-
masters and engineers are increased. I sup-
pose there are perhaps three or four hundred
more officers than there were at the beginning
of the war.
lam not opposing this amendment. I simply
desire the Senate to know that it is not going
to save money by having this officer perform
the duties of judge advocate of these courts-
martial. He is to do precisely the same duties
as the Judge Advocate General of the Army,
and that office shows how things progress in
this country. Before the war we had an army
of twelve thousand men, and itwas authorized
to be increased, whenever the President saw fit
to increase it, to nineteen thousand and some-
thing. At that time we had one officer of the
ordnance corps, Captain Lee, detailed to act
as Judge Advocate General. He had an office
in the War Department, and performed fill the
duties of Judge Advocate General to the satis-
faction of the Army and of the public so far as
