1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQB1.
745
The result having been announced as above,
the joint resolution, being engrossed, was read
the third time.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move the previous
question on the passage, and demand the yeas
and nays. _ .
The previous question iros seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SHENCK. Mr. Speaker, does not the
Constitution require the vote to be taken by
veas and nays?
The SPEAKER. It does not. The only
imperative requirement of the yeas and nays
under the Constitution is in regard to a veto,
where a concurrent vote of two thirds of each
House by yeas and nays is required. On all
other questions requiring a two-thirds vote,
such as proposed amendments to the Constitu-
tion and relief from political disabilities, the
Constitution does not command the vote to be
taken by yeas and nays any more than on bills
which,only require a majority vote. On bills
relieving "from disability under the fourteenth
amendment the Chair has ruled, with the as-
sent of the House, that the Constitution does
not require the yeas and nays, but that the re-
sult must be arrived at by a two-thirds vote, to
be declared by the Chain. On constitutional
amendments, however, on account of their
gravity and the value of the record, the usage
has been to take the vote by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PRUYN. "Mr. Speaker, is it intended
to fill the blank with the number of the article
of amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not necessary. In
regard to the history of the adoption of consti-
tutional amendments, the amendment num-
bered as the seventh was rejected and the one
that was adopted as the eighth amendment, was
afterward incorporated in the Constitution as
article seven, the Secretary of State taking the
responsibility of changing the numbering, as
was evidently proper, and as the engrossing
clerks of both Houses of Congress do in regard
to the numbering of sections where intervening
ones are stricken out. _
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 150, nays 42, not voting
81; as follows:
YE-VS—Messrs. Allison, Amell, Delos R. Ashley,
.James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks. Bearaau,
Be&tty* Benjamin, Benton, Blackburn,Blame, Blan,
Boles, Boutwell, Bowen, Bo.vden, Bromwell, Lroom-
11, Buekland, Buckley, Benjamin 1<. Butler, GaKe,
Caiiis, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Clift, Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Corley, Covode, Culiom, Dawes, Delano. De-
w^esc, Dockery, Dodge, Donnelly, Driep, Eekley,
Edwards, Egsrlrston, Ela, Thomas D. Eliot. James
T.Elliott, Earnsworth,lerriss, terry,lields, French,
(rariieki, Goss, Gove, Gravely, Gn3Trold, Hsusey,
Hamilton, Harding, Haughey. Heaton, Higby.
Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard. Hulburd,
Hunter, Jcnckes, Alexander II. JonesvJudd, Julian,
Kellev KeliORg, Kelsey, Keicham, KoonU, LaJUn,
Lash George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lin-
coln. Loan, Locan, Lou jhridg e, Lynch, Marvin, May-
nard, McKee, Mereur, Miller, Moore. Moorhead. Mo;■-
rell Vlullins Myers, ISewcomb, Kewsbam, ^orris,
Ninn O^eVll, Orth,^Paine,,Perham, Peters, Pierce,
Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland. Price,
Robertson, Roots, Sawyer Scofield, Selye, Shanks,
Shollitbar^cr Smith, Spaldmff, Starkweathei, btew
art Stol«s Stover Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, John
Trimble. Trirabrictee, Twichell.Ulgon.Van Aeraara,
iiurt Van Horn. Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyok,
w^rd Cadwahtder C. Washburn. IIenrv D.>i ash-
burn,'William B. Washburn, Welker,Whittemore,
Tnoiias WiUia,ms,William Wilhams, J^esl.W-
son, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wmdom,
anXAYP—'vieesrs. Archer, Axtell, Baker, Barnum,
Beck, Bingham, Boyer, Brooks,
l'os, Getz, Golhdny, Grover, Haight. Hawkins,
Ilotchki^ Humphrey. Johnson, Thomas. L. Jones,
Kerr Knott Marshall, MeCorimck, Mungen, Nib-
lnck?NUhots™ Phelps, Polsley, P^'TUtV™
Robinson, Ross, Sitgroaves, btone,, Taber, i lit, Van
Aukcn, Van Trump, Woodward, and
NOT VOTIS'6—Messrs. Aoams, Ames, Anderson,
IJarnef.HodeiiekB.Botlcr. Reader W.Clarke, Cor-
nell, Dickey, D«on. Eldnd«e,feio^renne^ «.
burne, Wood, and Woodbridge—
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the joint resolution was passed.
During the roll-call)
Mr. ROBINSON ?aid:
My colleague, Mr.
EUrubs, is paired with Mr. Ames. My col-
league would have voted '' no."
Mr. N1BLACK. Irepeat the statement that
if my colleague, Mr. Holman, were here he
would vote " no."
The result having been announced as above,
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which' the joint resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
removal of disabilities. .
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House concurrent resolutions of the
Legislature of South Carolina for the removal
of political disabilities from James P. Green
and several others ; which were referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction,
bankrupt law.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a resolution of the Cincinnati Chamber of
Commerce against the extension of the fifty
per cent, clause of the bankrupt law ; which
was referred to the Committee on Revision of
Laws of the United States.
bridge aceoss the ohio river.
Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, obtained the
floor, but yielded to
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, who by unanimous
consent introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1813) to
authorize the construction of a bridge across
the Ohio river; which was read afirstand second
time, and referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
evening session for pension bills.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
for a moment to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Miller.]
Mr. MILLER. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That there be on Tuesday next an even-
ing session to hear and act upon reports from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. MILLER. I will say that there is a
vast amount of business before that committee
relating to soldiers and soldiers' widows and
orphan children that it is important to have
acted on and sent to the Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object to the resolution.
Mr. ROBINSON". I object to the gentle-
man fiom Massachusetts yielding any further.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I movi
that the rules be suspended, and the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the Indian appro-
priation bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wilson, of Iowa, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill (H, R. No. 1738)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with vari-
ous Indian tribes for the year ending June oO,
^The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill for amendment.
The following clause was read :
for interest on S390.2D7 92, at five per cent, per
annum, for education, support ofthesroyernment, and
nthpr beneficial purposes, under the direction 01 too
General council of the Choctaws, in conformity  i k
the provisions contained in the tenth and thirt|en h
articles of the treaty oi 22d June, 18 o, ®19,51- 8J.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move to add
to that clause the following proviso :
Provided That it shall be the duty of the Secre-
t  rv of the Interior to sell a sufficient amount of the
bonds of the United States held in trust for the
11S3S
the 20th day of April, I860.
This is a claim which received full consider-
V
owe
ation at tlie last session in. the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and of which I believe the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
entirely approves. I hope he will make no
objection to it. This claim, arising under the
fiftieth article of the treaty with the Choctaw
and Chickasaw Indians of April 28, 1866, was
put into the Indian appropriation bill by the
Senate last year, but in some way it was struck
out, I believe, by the committee of conference.
I have here in my hand papers which give a
full explanation of the justice and propriety
of this claim, and I have been instructed by
the Committee on Indian Affairs, if it had been
called, to report the claim to tie House and
recommend its passage.
Mr. ALLISON. What is the amount of the
claim ?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Eighty thousand
dollars, $10,000 having been already paid out
of available funds of the Choctaws in the
hands of the Secretary of the Interior. Let
me say, also, that the only reason why any
legislation at all is necessary at this time to
carry out the provisions of the fiftieth article
of this treaty is because the Secretary of-the
Interior does not feel authorized to pay this
sum, although he is instructed to pay it by the
treaty, because the word "funds" was used
in the treaty instead of moneys.
As I said before, this matter has been fully
investigated by the Committees on Indian
Affairs of the House and of the Senate, and I
am under instructions, whenever the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs is called, to report it to
the House for its favorable action. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, I believe, is famil-
iar with the matter, and I hope, considering
the justice of this claim and considering the
fact that it arises under treaty stipulations, he
will make no objection to it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I had the honor to serve
on the Committee on Indian Affairs, and heard
the arguments in this case. I know we went
very fully into it, and I approve of it and think
it ought to be put into some bill. But I would
like to know of the gentleman, for we had
some difficulty about the peculiar form and
phraseology of the provision, if the amend-
ment which he now offers is in the particular
form that was finally agreed upon by the com-
mittee last session?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I will state that
it/is in the precise form of the resolution which
iwe agreed upon last session.
* Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I haveno objection
to it. I think it ought to go in here; it takes
no money out of the Treasury.
Mr. ROSS. I believe I must oppose this
amendment. I would like to have here our
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
[Mr. Wisdom.] I think it better be in an
independent bill.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Then it will
never be passed, for the Committee on Indian
Affairs will not be again called this session.
Mr.PRUYN. Is this the way to pay a
claim which has been refused payment here-
tofore for some good reason?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. As I have al-
ready seated, the Secretary of the Interior
would pay this claim promptly if he felt author-
ized to sell the bonds held_ by him to obtain
funds for the purpose. This takes no money
out of the United States Treasury.
Mr. PRUYN. That may be.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. It authorizes
the Secretary of the Interior to sell the bonds
referred to for the purpose of obtaining the
necessary funds to pay this award.
"Mr. PRUYN. That does not meet the point
I made at all. I know it takes no money out
of the Treasury of the United States, but it
does take money away from these Indians. Is
this a claim which we ought to undertake to
provide the payment of in this way 2
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. In answer to
that, I will state that I hold in my hand a com-
munication from the representatives of these
Indians withdrawing any opposition to this
