UQ
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
January 30,
claim, and asking for it the favorable action
of Congress.
Mr. BOSS. I rise to a question of order.
Is not this a kind of legislation which, under
the rule, cannot be attached to an appropria-
tion bill'!
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order as being taken too late, the
amendment having been received and dis-
cussed.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Clarke, of Kansas; and upon a
division there were—ayes 50, noes 7; 110 quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Claeke, of
Kansas, and Mr. Ross were appointed.
Mr. PRUYN. I am assured by the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs [Mr.
Windom] that this claim is right.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 90, noes 24.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read the following;
Crows:
For third of twenty installments for pay of nine-
teen halt-breeds, in goods or money, at the discretion
of the President, fifty dollars each, in accordance
with seventh article of treaty of July 16,1856, $950.
For this amount to bo paid Pierre Chien tor friendly
services rendered by him to the Crow Indians, $200.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Since this
bill was reported another treaty with the Crow
Indians has come in, which requires other items
of appropriation. I ask leave to recur to this
paragraph hereafter rather than to detain the
committee now while I prepare the amend-
ments rendered necessary by the new treaty.
No objection was made.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read the following:
Flatheads and other confederated tribes:
For the first of five installments on $120,000, being
the third series, for beneficial objects, at the discre-
tion of the President, per fourth article treaty 16th
July, 1855, $4,000.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I move to amend the
paragraph just read by striking out " $4,000"
and inserting in lieu thereof "$6,000." I
desire to occupy the attention of the commit-
tee a moment in relation to this amendment.
1" hold in my hand a letter from Captain Mc-
Caujey, the agentof the Flathead Indians. And
I will say here that if there be an honest In-
dian agent on earth I believe that the writer
of this communication is one. He writes:
" In hopes of receiving some relief for this place,
I have distributed a large amount of provisions, ■
clothing, &c., which will very nearly amount to the
■sum appropriated for beneficial objects. And un-
less I can obtain a special appropriation of $1,500 to
pay for one hundred blankets purchased and distrib-
uted Ishali be very much ernbaraf;?ed indeed, I pur-
ehased the above amountfor the Kootenays, who, as
I had the honor to inform you before, received no
blankets on distribution day."
I presume it is just and right that I should
state to the committee that some party or par-
ties in the Territory of Montana, some em-
ploy*} of the Government, or some official
thereof, committed the crime of larceny by
stealing from these Indians something like two
hundred and thirteen pairs of blankets before
they had arrived at the agency while being
transported from Fort Benton to the leserva-
tion in Bitter Root valley. The writer goes
on to say:
• do not envy those who could tamely witnessthe
sights that are daily presented to me. Few if any
could calmly look at a lot of miserable beings hud-
dled together in lodges composed of a tew poles,
thatched with straw, without covering of any kind
save a few filthy rags, in a climate where the ther-
mometer stands at zero, sometimes below, and seldom
over tea degrees above, during thelong winter season,
in addition some are disabled, some ciipples, and
many entirely blind. There are three families, teff in
all, who are entirely blind. Therearemanypartially
so; and Itrust, for the sake of ourcomroon humanuy
that there are few who could witness this nn moved!"
Now, Mr. Chairman, I trust that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Bittler] will
assent to this amendment. I admit that under
the strict letter of the law this agent had, per-
haps, no right to incur this indebtedness; that
under the strict letter of the law he had no
right to purchase one hundred blankets for
these shivering Indians ; but I will say that the
gentleman who did this without regard to the
consequences to himself at the department
deserves the thanks of every man who has a
Christian heart within his bosom. I knowthis
Captain MeCauley well, and I know him to be
a truthful, honest man, a sincere Christian,
taking the warmest interest in the work of
civilizing and christianizing the Indians : and
that there is not in any department of the
Government a more conscientious and faithful
officer. I trust, therefore, that the gentleman
from Massachusetts will not object to this
amendment, and that it will be adopted by the
committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. lean only
say that the appropriation proposed to be in-
creased by this amendment is in exact accord-
ance with the estimates of the department,
and in exact accordance with the treaty. It is
the same appropriation which for some years
has been made for the fulfillment of the treaty.
The whole amount appropriated for these In-
dians by this bill for the next fiscal year is
$22,200, and the deductions which have been
made by the committee are not upon this item,
which is fixed by treaty.
The amendment was not agreed to ; there
being—ayes five, noes not counted.
The Clerk read the following :
For tenth of twenty installments for thepay of each
of the head chiefs of the Ftathoad, Kootenay, aud
Upper Pend d'Oreilles tribes, per fifth article treaty
16th July, 1855, $1,500.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I send to the Clerk
an amendment which I propose to add after
the paragraph just read.
The Clerk read as follows :
And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby in-
structed to cause to bo paid to the said chiefs the
sums due them under said treaty and which have
not been heretofore paid.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I desire to say, Mr.
Chairman, that under the treaty made by Com-
missioner Stevens in, I think, 1855, each of
these chiefs was to receive $500 per annum.
I understand that, from that hour to the pres-
ent only one of those chiefs has received this
annuity.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What is
the amendment?
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Let the Clerk read it
again.
The Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I make a
point of order on this amendment, that it pro-
poses new legislation.
W The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, because it is made too late.
The amendment has been read at the Clerk's
desk, entertained, and discussed.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I desire to say to the
committee that the Indians in every part of
the United States, from the foundation of our
Government—nay, from the very settlement of
New England—to the present hour, have been
swindled by the civilized rulers of the land.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I agree
to that.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Sir, from the time
when the Pilgrim Fathersfirststole the Indian's
corn in the town of Lynn, Massachusetts, until
the present hour the whole system of Indian
affairs has been conducted upon a principle of
robbery. 1 believe that that corn-stealing from
the Indians was the first recorded case of grand
larceny upon the continent of America, and
the system thus initiated has been kept up from
that hour to the present.
Mr. WOODWARD. I insist that while the
gentleman is condemning the manner in which
the Indians of this country have been treated
he should except from his remarks William
Penn and the State of Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I do except William
Penn. 1 thank the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Woodward] for calling my atten-
tion to that matter. I except from my remarks
the whole Quaker community of America. They
have been actuated by only one feeling, the
feeling of Christian men ; and they have treated
the Indians as though they were a part of God's
children. I repeat the language uttered the
other day by the gentleman from Minnesota,
[Mr. Wixdom,] and say that the only denom-
ination of Christians, except the Quakers, who
have had any influence with the Indians and
who have treated thAi as though they had souls
to be saved, are the Catholics—the Jesuits, if
you please. Their labors upon the frontiers
of the country in behalf of the Indians have
been most devoted aud self-sacrificing. Look
at the case of Father De Smet. If there be
any man wearing the image of his God who
ought to be enrolled by any church among its
patron saints, that man is Father de Smet—a
true Christian of the noblest type, loving his
fellow-men next to his God.
Mr. MULLINS. I wish to ask the gentle-
man whether the Catholic teaches the Indian
that he is to be saved by faith in Christ, or that
he is to be saved .by the intercession of the
priest?
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I will answer the
question. The fanaticism of the gentleman
lrom Tennessee crops out on this occasion just
as it does on all other occasions.
Mr. MULLINS. Answer the question.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I was about answer-
ing it when the gentleman interrupted me.
Catholic priests teach the Indians precisely as
Protestant ministers ought to teach them—to
love God and obey his commandments; and
let me tell the gentleman that if he had been
trained by a good Catholic priest he would
to-day have been a better, purer, and more
forgiving Christian than he is.
Mr. MULLINS. I have been trained by the
Bible, by the revealed law of God, and not by
the revealed law of man.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I did not think that
this amendment of mine would call for any
remark or question or discussion of a sec-
tarian character. History has vindicated the
noble, self-sacrificing, and Christian efforts of
the early Jesuits to civilize and christianize
the Indians, who were actuated by only one
thought, the glory of God and the conversion
of souls. They need no eulogy. I am not dis-
cussing any question of theology, but I am dis-
cussing a question in reference to the Indians
and the course which ought to be adopted
toward them so long as the Government recog-
nizes their right to make treaties. Here is a
solemn treaty made by the commissioners of
the United States with the Flathead, Koote-
nay, and other tribes of Indians. Shall it
also remain unexecuted ? I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts, I ask every man of this
committee, to point to one treaty with the
Indians that has been faithfully kept by the
United States. It is well known that the In-
dians are no pets of mine, but I do say, either
carry out in strict good faith every treaty stip-
ulation made or wipe them from the (kce of
the land forever. Seudhonestnien, not thieves,
to manage them, and there will be less trouble.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speak-
er, Massachusetts, God bless her! and the Pil-
grim Fathers can stand ail such attacks. They
require no defense at my hands. They took
corn when they were hungry, I have no doubt.
They differed from the men of the West who,
when full themselves, take everything from the
Indians.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. They came from New
England, principally.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I shall
not go into any defense, and I should not have
said a word on the subject if it had not been
for the interference of my friend from Penn-
sylvania, who insists that William Penn was
the only man and Pennsylvaniaus the only men
who treated the Indians with equity. If I re-
member history, one of William Penn's men
walked nearly five hundred miles in one day,
as he was to take all the land he was to cover in
one day, and thousands of acres were taken
from the Indians.
Mr. WOODWARD. ,A few years ago the
