748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
during his continuance in office. The Con-
stitution says the Vice President shall preside
over the Senate and may vote on a tie. A
member of the Senate, acting in the absence of
the Vice President as President pro tempore,
is in every sense a member of the Senate 5 yet
this bill makes both the Vice President, or in
his absence the President pro tempore, the
president of this board. How can this be recon-
ciled to the inhibition of the sixth section of
article one? Until I hear a satisfactory reply
I shall consider this an insuperable objection
to the bill.
I next invite the attention of the House to
the expensiveness of this scheme. The bill
comes from a committee on retrenchment—a
select committee on retrenchment. And to
do the work which the people now pay the
President and heads of Departments fordoing
they are to be taxed for annual salaries to the—
Five commissioners, $5,000 each $25,000
For clerk hire    2,500
For messenger *  900
$28,400
This is the cost of constituting the board.
Then there is to be stationery, traveling
expenses, and payments to assistants, who are
to be men of u learning and high character,"
and who must therefore be well paid. The
whole duty of competitive examinations may
be and probably will be turned over to these
assistants, whose charges and allowances can-
not be estimated. It is not unreasonable to
anticipate that they will cost more than the
board itself, and $GOjOO0 may fairly be esti-
mated ag the annual charge which this bill
will impose upon the Treasury. That is the
interest ou $1,000,000. This select retrench-
ment committee propose, therefore, to add
$1,000,000 to our public debt in order to ex-
clude the great mass of their fellow-citizens
and tax-payers from all possible participation
in the honors and emoluments of public office.
This is worse than the ship-canal around
Niagara, or the Sutro tunnel, or the Rocky
mountain railroads. These objects have the
good of the whole people in view ; but this bill
is to tax the many for the benefit of the few,
to establish a bureaucracy in a constitutional
republic. Where is the warning voice of the
houorable member from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burns] against such misuse of the public
money? 1 call his attention to this specimen
of retrenchment.
The magic power of the bill, which is to
reform all abuses in the civil service, is the
"competitive examination.Competition is
the act of seeking the same object that another
is seeking, and the competitive examination
is, I suppose, to try the metal and bottom of the
several racers for office. Emulous young men
from New England colleges will no doubt pre-
sent themselves to the board m great numbers,
but on what shall they be examined ? What
shall be the point of competition? Congress
does not decide by this bill, but leaves it to
the board to prescribe subjects, rules, &c. If
they are to be put through the intricacies of
Greek verbs or the higher mathematics, this
board of politicians, with the amiable Vice
President at its head, will have been so long
from school and will be so steeped in party
politics that they will be likely to need assistants
who are men of'' learning and character,'' And
when A has won precedence over B what does
it prove—that he is fit to be a book-keeper in the
Treasury or a detective for the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue ? Many a young man who
never saw a college would perform these duties
better than he who wins in your competitive
examination. But if the examination is not
to relate to academic learning, but to the prac-
tical duties of the Departments, what does the
board know of them ? Who has examined the
examiners, and tested their fitness for the work
in hand? If parliamentary law were the sub-
ject, theVice President-elect, who is our accom-
plished Speaker, would be a very competent
examiner; but I would doubt his skill in pass-
ing upon several competitors for whisky gaug-
ers and tobacco inspectors. Perhaps he would
be more at a loss h«re than he would be in
conic sections and Greek verbs.
Now, hear a little common sense on this sub-
ject of competitive examinations from some of
the witnesses whom the honorable gentleman
[Mr. Jenckes] has summoned to the stand.
Mr. Hartley, the accomplished Assistant Secre-
tary of the Treasury says, (see page 19 of the
report of committee:)
44 In my judgmentno preliminary examination will
afford the requisite assurance of qualifications for the
special duties to which clerks are to be assigned. It
is doubtless true that general intelligence and schol-
arship may be satisfactorily ascertained in that way.
The more important duties in thisoffice are however,
in the main, so purely arbitrary and technical, de-
pending so much on specific statutes, judicial decis-
ions, and departmental regulations, that no previous
training can materially aid in their performance.
Nothing, in my judgment, but an actual trial will ex-
hibit or develop the fitness of candidates for offices
in this branch of the Treasury Department. Upon
satisfactory evidence of character, capacity and gen-
eral acquirements will be best ascertained by such
trial under temporary appointmont. This procedure
is the more important if the tenure of office is to be
permanent and the incumbent displaced only on the
establishment of charges of neglect of duty or other
misbehavior in office. Under such a system not only
could a 'higher grade of talent and a better quality
of persons be induced to enter the Government ser-
vice/ as suggested in the thirty-fifth interrogatory
now before me, but the suggestion made by the thirty-
fourth question would also apply, namely, 4 that an
equal amount of work could probablybe accomplished
by a less number of persons than are now employed.'"
Mr. Hartley, though a well educated man,
has been so long from school that he probably
could not pass a competitive examination with
any stripling fresh from academic shades, yet
he can comprehend and guide the financial
operations of a great country, and it would be
the ecstasy of folly to displace him for one
whom the competitive examination had ap-
proved. As a specimen of an examination, I
read from the report, page 30, Mr. Clark's
statement.
S. M. Clark, chief of printing division Na-
tional Currency Bureau:
44 No. 3. Chief clerk of the office of construction in
the Trea^ry Department nearly four years; subse-
quently engineer m charge of that office for about
two years; and for the past five years have been the
disbursing agent of the Treasury extension.
"6. I was referred for examination in August, 1856,
in this Department, to a board of examiners appointed
by the Secretary of the Treasury, consisting of Mr.
Rodman. then chief clerk, and Major Barker, and
Mr. McKean, t*vo prominent fourth-class clerks.
The ' particulars of such examination' were as fol-
lows: J was instructed by the then Secretary to ap-
pear before this board at a given time and place to
be examined. I put in my appearance at the time
and place stated in my instructions. Major Barker
commenced the 'examination' bv saying: 'You
are from New York, Ibelieve, Mr. Clark?' Ireplied
thafi I was. He then com menced a detailed narrative
of his first visit to New "York, and gave me an inter-
esting and graphic account of the disturbance created
in his mind by the 'noiseand confusion' of the great
city. The delivery of this narrative occupied, as
nearly as I remember, about half an hour. I listened
to it attentively, endeavoring to discover some point
in his discourse which had reference to my (then
present) 4 examination.' I failed to discover any
relevancy, and therefore made no reply. At the close
of his narrative, without any further question, he
said to his associate examiners, 4 "Well, gentlemen, I
presume there is no doubt but that Mr. Clark is quali-
fied.' Whereupon they all signed the certificate,
and my * examination' closed."
And, on page 75, Mr. J. M. Connel, of the
twelfth congressional district, Ohio, utters some
truths which I wish to quote at length:
41 If it be desirable that those who execute the laws
should be prepared for that service by a course of
study and experimental labors required by law, it is
also essential that those who make the laws should
'pass rigid test examinations' to give evidence of
their fitness for their duties before being allowed to
discharge them. The imperfections of the internal
revenue system and errors in its workings are mainly
attributable to defects in the law and the cumbrous
and unwieldly machinery prescribed by law for its
execution. I have no hesitation in saying that so far
as I have knowledge or information in regard to the
character, experience, and ability of the officers of
the internal revenue service they not only compar^,
favorably with the lawgivers of the nation, but havef
merit and ability above the average standard re-
quired for the making of a respectable Congressman.
44 As you have called for my * comments on the con-
dition of the civil service and the best method of
making it more effectual,' I will very frankly state
that, in my judgment, nothing could be more dis-
astrous than an attempt to create a civil service
system in analogy to military service in the regular
Army, and borrowed from the Governments of Eu-
rope least popular and most antagonistic to repub-
licanism.
The theory is totally opposed to our system of
responsibility to the people, is exceedingly unpop-
ular, and its adoption would be temporary. It would
only tend to derange our executive system for a time
and could not last two years before it would be made a
political test question, and it would be buried with the
party which advocated it by a popular majority th<it
would be overwhelming. A permanent army of civil-
service men, nearly as large as our armed forces dur-
ing the war, fastened upon our Government, irre-
sponsible to the people, and creating a distinct caste
separated from and independentofthepeople,would
become so offensive in this free Government as not
only to arouse a great political storm, but to cover
with popular odium all connected with it.
"The tendency of the popular will and judgment
is toward making all offices elective; even the ju-
diciary in, perhaps, all of the States has been made
elective through this tendency; andsojealous are the
people that it has long been difficult to maintain a
small regular army, and a military establishment as
large as the proposed civil establishment would never
be permitted. Our people learned to appreciate the
great efficiency of the volunteer service during the
war, and were taught that from the farm, the office,
and the workshop could be furnished soldiers and
officeis superior often to the hot-bed growths of a
permanent military service establishment.
44 Even, therefore, if the proposed civil-service sys-
tem would be more efficient for the execution of our
laws than the present, its unpopularity would be an
insuperable objection to its adoption. It would he
too ephemeral to be of any benefit, and the derange-
ment of the public business by its brief use should
prevent its adoption.
441 cannot, however, believe that the system pro-
posed would secure more competent officers or bet-
ter and more prompt and faithful discharge of public
duties. It is the people's business that is to be done,
their interests to be cared for, and any removal of
the people's agents from direct responsibility to their
principals would bo unwise and improper.
44 While in the Comptroller's office at Washington
I had good opportunities for testing your proposed
system, for up to that time it was acted upon in the
Departments. A majority of the clerical force of the
Treasury Department were old clerks with assured
positions, trained for years in the Department, and
rising in grade by promotion for seniority and merit.
In the bureau of which I was at the head of the cler-
ical force were some clerks who had been in the ser-
vice for from twenty to fifty years. I found it truo
that few died, none resigned, and removals seldom
occurred. The old clerks, the 4 civil-service men,'
were numerous enough to control and shape the
business of the Department. I saw daily^ the effects
of such a system in the creation of a 'circumlocu-
tion office,' such as was satirized by Dickens; 'red
tape' circumscribed everything; dreary routine
woze out all energy and life in performance of duty;
the civil-service men walked the treadmill of daily
duty as patiently and lifelessly as blind old horses,
'assured of their positions.' They put in so many
hours of each day in feeble, slow efforts 4 how not to
do it.' Arrearages accumulated, ancient precedents
clogged all rapid action and served as pretexts for
needless delays, unjust settlements, and unintelli-
gent rulings. I can imagine no worse fate for a
young, vigorous, energetic man of brains than the
stifling life of a Department clerk under this circum-
locutory system of service, and no more inefficient
wav of doing the public business.
4,In the Comptroller's office I had the assistance of
three or four clerks newly appointed and fresh from
active life, "with hopes of return to the outer world
of life and action, who looked upon rotation in office
as safety to themselves, and as beneficial tothe ser-
vice in frequently infusing new blood and vigor into
the executive offices. lean remember weM one John
Bedel, a young lawyer from New Hampshire, fresh,
active, and hopeful, whose official duties were per-
formed with zeal and intelligence, who was not sat-
isfied meaely to sit six hours a d:iy at his desk, but
who averaged ten or twelve hours a day of hard, ex-
citing, official labor, who almost terrified the dreary,
sleepy old clerks by his energy, and who in a day
would get through more actual work than any two
of the old civil-service men could do in a week. I
noticed many such cases, and all satisfied me that
the civil-service in the Department needed reform
by adopting a system of frequent changes, and bring-
ing the employes of the Government more directly
under the control of the people,
4'In all popular governmentsshortprescribedterms
of service in civil office is an unvarying rule. Ex-
Eerience, justice, and sound judgment all justify it.
ifo tenures of office are odious in all Republics;
they are corrupting and paralyzing, and no State
constitution now exists which recognizor them. In
no constitutional convention in the last thirty years
have there boen found politicians or statesmen who
had the hnrdihood to defend the life tenure-of-officc
theory. Experience, therefore, certainly shows that
the innovation proposed iu the civil-service bill is
unpopular, dangerous, and without precedent.
44 You will excuse the freedom and extent of my
comments. I understood them to be invited, and I
felt glad of the opportunity of stating freely and at
length my views. I now give them without personal
or political bias. Politically I am without party
affiliation, and personally I cannot in any way suffer
by the adoption or rejection of the proposed civil-
service system.
"I have only to add, in response to the thirty-
seventh question and last, that my expedience and
observation have led me to believe that in the exe-
cution and administration of the internal reyenuo
laws it would be well to abolish the offices of district
assessors and collectors, and pubstituto a deputy com-
missioner of internal revenue for each State, witl1 his
office at the capital of the State, and with the same
