752
THE COMxKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
Minnesota,, for a modification of the tobacco
tax.
Also, the petition of A. B. Hawley and
others, of Red Wing, Minnesota, for a modifi-
cation of the tobacco tax.
Also, the petition of Hermann Ileinold& Co.,
citizens, of Kenosha, Wisconsin, for a modifi-
cation of the tobacco tax.
Also, the petition of Clark & iiich and oth-
ers, citizens of McGregor, Iowa, for a modifi-
tion of the law imposing tax on tobacco.
Also, the petition of Amos Kendall & Co.,
of Black River Falls, Wisconsin, for a modifi-
tion of the tobacco tax.
Also, the petition of C. L. La Grove & Co.,
citizens of Faribault, Minnesota, for a modifi-
cation of the income tax.
Also, the petition of Charles Nebel and
others, citizens of Sauk City, Wisconsin, for
a modification of the income tax law relating
to tobacco.
Also, the petition of E. Wagner and others,
citizens of Manitoowoc, Wieoonsiu, relating to
the tax on tobacco.
Also, tile petition of J. Cardeza and others,
of Sparta, Wisconsin, for a modification of the
tobacco tax.
Also, the petition of L. H. Buck and others,
citizens of Lake City, Minnesota, for a mod-
ification of the tobacco tax.
Also, the petition of F. Klanmann and
others, citizens of St. Peter, Minnesota, for a
modification of the tobacco tax.
Also, the petition ofS. J. Hobartand others,
citizens of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for the mod-
ification of the law imposing tobacco tax.
Also, the petition of Spofiord H. Compton
and others, citizens of Grand Rapids, Wis-
consin, for the modification of the law taxing
tobacco.
Also, the petition of A. Gray and others,
citizens of Green Bay and Fort Howard, Wis-
consin, for a modification of the tobacco tax.
By Mr. POLAND: A letter from J. C. C.
Winch, of Texas, an applicant for relief from
disabilities, indorsed by Mr. Poland. -
By Mr. ROBERTSON : The petition of J.
L. Gifford, and others citizens of southern New
York, for an appropriation for the removal of
obstructions at Hell Gate.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of New York: The
petition of William Taylor, of Richmond, Vir-
ginia, asking to be relieved from disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth article of the Con-
stitution.
By Mr. WHITTEMORE : The petition of
John M. Norris, a citizen of Edgefield county,
South Carolina, praying to be relieved of polit-
ical disabilities.
By Mr. WINDOM: The petition of Major M.
A. Daily and 90 others, citizens of Owatonna,
Minnesota, asking Congress to aid in the con-
struction of the Northern Pacific railroad.
Also, a memorial of the' Legislature of Min-
nesota, asking for aid in the construction of
the Northern Pacific railroad.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 1, 1869.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
Saturday last was dispensed with.
correction of the journal.
Mr. HOWE. On Saturday last I presented
a memorial from the Legislature of Wisconsin
in reference to the improvement of the Wiscon-
sin river, which w.as ordered, as 1 understood
it, to be printed together with the memorial of
a convention recently held at Prairie du Chien
to consider the same subject. I move that both
memorials be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That was
the order.
Mr. HOWE. That was the order; but the
Journal does not so state it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, the Journal
will be corrected in that particular.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
petition of citizens of the United States^ pray-
ing that suffrage be granted to women in the
District of Columbia and in the Territories;
which was referred to the Committee on the
J udiciary.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of the passage of
laws for the protection of bona fide settlers
on the Cherokee neutral lands; which were
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to present some
resolutions passed by the Legislature of In-
diana. The first reads as follows :
" Resolved buihe General Assembly of Jhe Stale of
Indiana, That the Congress of the United States is
hereby respectfullyreque^ted to makesueh an appro-
priation as may be necessary to complete the harbor
of Michigan City, in this State."
I move that these resolutions be referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to present joint
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
Kansas, relating to and asking for an appro-
priation to pay the expenses of that State
incurred in repelling the invasion of the rebel
General Price; but as a bill on that subject has
been reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs, and has passed the Senate twice, and
is still in the House of Representatives unacted
upon, I move that these resolutions lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY also presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Kansas, against the rati-
fication of the treaty with the Osage Indians ;
which were ordered to he on the table, and be
printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of the passage of
laws for the protection of buna fide settlers on
the Cherokee neutral lauds ; which were ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of the passage of a
law authorizing and permitting all persons who
have taken less than one hundred and sixty
acre homesteads under provisions of the laws
of the United States to extend their privileges
so as to permit them to claim, take, prove up,
and hold enough more to make their home-
steads one hundred and sixty acres; which
were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to he printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of the payment of
claims for depredations committed by the In-
dians in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented.petitions of citizens of
Massachusetts, Ohio, and New York, praying
that women be granted the right of suffrage;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
John A. Stephens, of Mississippi, praying the
removal of political disabilities imposed on him
by acts of Congress; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of A. W.
Smith, of Russell county, Virginia, praying
the removal of the political disabilitiesitnposed
on him by acts of Congress; which_ was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WARNER presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Alabama, in favor of a grant of
land to aid in the construction of the New Or-
leans and Selma railroadwhich was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands. .
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Alabama, in favor of an appropriation
for the improvement of the Tennessee river;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merCe<
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Alabama, in favor of a grant of land
to the Eureka Mining andTransportation Com-
pany of Alabama, for the purpose of opening
and improving the navigation of the Cajiawba,
river and its tributaries; which was referred
to the Committee ou Commerce.
Mr. FOWLER presented the memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of Memphis, Ten-
nessee, graying aid for the rebuilding of the
levees of the Mississippi river: which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
PATTERSON, of Now Hampshire, pre-
sented a petition ot citizens of N o w Hampshire,
praying that women be granted the right of
suffrage ; which was referred to the Committee
ou the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Connecticut, praying that women granted
the right of suffrage; which was'referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. • ■
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Da-
kota, praying the extension of the Sioux City
and Pacific railroad to Yancton, Dakota Terri-
tory ; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of A. Wood,
John Smith, and W. D. Pasdouch, soldiers of
the war of 1812, praying for pensions; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Minnesota, praying an
appropriation of $100,000 to preserve the falls
of St. Anthony, and thus protect the naviga-
tion of the Mississippi river above the falls;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Minnesota, in favor of
an appropriation to aid in the construction of
the Northern Pacific railroad; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Pacific-Railroad.
Mr. CONKLING. I present the petitiofi of
one hundred and nine merchants and citizens
of New York, in behalf of the Commercial
Navigation Company. They set forth the objec-
tions to the state of things in which the_ mails
of the United States are carried by foreigners
and under contracts with foreigners, and pray
that   contract may bo made with this company
for that service. 1 move its reference to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN- presented' the petition of
George L. Neville, of Portsmouth, Virginia,
praying to be relieved from political disabilities
imposed on him by acts of Congress; which
was referred to the Committee on the J udiciary.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
Thomas Niles, of Gloucester, Massachusetts,
praying payment for losses sustained on ac-
count of the action of the Government in tak-
ing his property during the war; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the petition
of a large number of citizens of Georgia, in
which they set forth their grievous condition,
and what they call the organic outrage upon
their legal rights as citizens of the United
States, and they ask a remedy from Congress.
I move its reference to the- Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON presented additional papers
in support of the claim of 0. P. Cobb, Christy
& Co., for relief; which were referred to the
Committee on Claims. .
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented the
petition of R. Cruikshank, praying compensa-
tion for property taken from him by troops of
the United States during the late rebellion;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
kentucky university.
Mr. COLE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
memorial of the regents and c-urato.rs or.«
Kentucky University, to repdrt a jbititres^'
tion on the subject, which 1 ask to Ijavei con-
sidered at this time. I think there 6an be YiO
(S. R. No. 213)to refer theclaimof the regents
and curators of the Kentucky University to-the
Court of Claims was wad twice. *l rt d "
ored as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
that the claim of the
the Kentucky University for damages to their
JAM 11334
