
and, if compelled to fall back, do so; fall back on Dumfries. Send in report of any information of the enemy.

Yours, truly,

B. F. DAVIS,

Colonel Eighth New York Vol. Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

FEBRUARY 25, 1863-7.30 p. m.

Major General D. N. COUCH,

Commanding Second Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you send a good brigade of infantry up to Berea Church. The enemy have a force of cavalry in front of our picket lines, on the right. General Stoneman will endeavor to capture them. Averell is following them up, and a cavalry force from here will move to get between them and the river. Let the force from here will move to get between them and the river. Let the commanding officer take care not to get in collision with our cavalry. Move quickly. Troops will be out until to-morrow p. m.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

February 25, 1863.

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

I inclose herewith for your information copies of telegrams and statements of prisoners captured to-day, in reference to the present expedition.* General Hooker says that a major-general's commission is staring somebody in the face in this affair, and that the enemy should never be allowed to get away from us.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

(Copies furnished Brigadier-General Pleasonton and Major Cram.)

DUMFRIES, February 25, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Our scout brought in information this evening that he was told by a citizen that the enemy's cavalry intend making a raid on this place, to capture the commissary stores, &c., supposing that the new picket line established last Saturday was simply a ruse, and supposing that we have left this. From what information he could get in regard to position of cavalry, the Prince William Cavalry was at White Sulphur Springs, with five light pieces of artillery; the Black Horse Cavalry are at Warrenton. We will be on the alert, and are able to repel any attack from their cavalry.

W. R. CREIGHTON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade and Post.

---------------

*Not found; but see Part I, pp. 21-25.

---------------

