
captured and brought in report the force as Fitzhugh Lee's and Hampton's brigades. Marched from 12 miles the other side of the Rappahannock last night, made a long circuit to-day, and horses very tired. We ought to capture every one of them. Say to Pleasonton a major-general's commission is staring some cavalry officer in the face in this business.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,February 25, 1863-11 p. m.

General PLEASONTON,

Commanding First Cavalry Division:

Lee and Hampton crossed the Rappahannock at Kelly's Ford, about 4 miles below the railroad, and encamped this side of the river last night. Attacked Averell's pickets to-day. Horses very tired, so said. General Williams has orders to support you with an infantry brigade, if required. It is very possible the enemy is making for Dumfries. Get off at once, and if you can find out where the enemy is, push him to the utmost of your ability wherever he may go. Be sure to get between the enemy and the river.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Corps.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,February 25, 1863.

General A. PLEASONTON,

Commanding First Cavalry Division:

Move with the whole of your division, and be in position on the Telegraph road, near Aquia Church, as soon as you can. Averell has gone out toward Hartwood and to the northward of the Hartwood road.

The enemy's cavalry force is said to be moving toward Stafford Court-House. Notify your pickets at once, and direct them, if driven in, to fall back toward Dumfries. Inform General Butterfield the hour you will be in the position indicated above.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Corps.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 25, 1863-11.15 p. m.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN:

The force is F. Lee's and Hampton's brigades; crossed at Kelly's Ford last night, and encamped near Morrisville. Their horses are well tired. We are pushing all out to-night. Cannot you push out to night and push this side of the railroad and Rappahannock Station? Look our for any collision with our forces. Our parties are ordered to capture them, if possible. Answer.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff.

