
CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

February 27, 1863.

FLAGS OF TRUCE.

The following instructions will govern communications by flags of truce:

No letters or communications will be sent over under flag of truce without the indorsement of the commanding general, the chief of staff, the assistant adjutant-general, or the provost-marshal-general at these headquarters.

No citizen, officer, or soldier will be allowed to accompany the party bearing flag of truce except those designated in orders for the purpose by General Couch, approved at these headquarters, without a special written order from these headquarters.

Flags of truce from the enemy will be met by the party designated in orders, and by those only, save as heretofore provided.

Flags of truce will not be sent out except for letters or communications forwarded from these headquarters, or to meet a flag from the enemy. Newspaper may be received but not exchanged, except under special approval from these headquarters.

After each flag of truce, the officer in charge will submit in writing, without unnecessary delay, to these headquarters, a full statement of all that occurred, memoranda of the conversation, and a register of the persons and papers exchanged, with the hour of date.

The exchange of money, letters, or any article whatever, under the flags, except as herein provided, or permitted by special order from these headquarters, is prohibited.

General Couch will take the necessary means to satisfy himself that parties passing under a flag of truce have no letters, communications, goods, wares, or merchandise of any description, save their personal effects (which must be examined), before they are allowed to leave our lines.

The foregoing is communicated for the information and government of all concerned.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

(To commanding officer Second Corps and provost-marshal-general.)

FEBRUARY 28, 1863.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Commanding Defenses of Washington:

Colonel Wyndham arrived here this evening with his force, via Warrenton, Rappahannock Station, and the Post road.* Reports his command in good condition. Has a few prisoners-a corporal and 6 privates. Lost 1 horse only, buy accident. He has been provided with rations and forage. Proposes to rest to-morrow and return on Monday. Please inform General Hooker, if he is still in Washington.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See scout from Centreville, etc., Part I, pp. 38-40.

---------------

