
communication with them. But a short time since two sutlers' teams were captured by bushwhackers between Alexandria and Wolf Run Shoals. I cannot urge [too strongly] upon the major-general commanding the manifest necessity of moving all persons beyond our lines who do not subscribe to the oath of allegiance. It is absolutely essential to the security of the command in this vicinity.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

E. H. STOUGHTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Brigade.

UNION MILLS, VA.,

March 1, 1863.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The matter as regards Fitzhugh Lee's presence at Culpeper Court-House with some considerable force of cavalry and artillery has been known to me for a few days past, and I had the honor to report it to division headquarters. I have been acting with increased vigilance for a week past, knowing of the presence of the enemy in my front. This morning a refugee came into my lines with a pass of General Lee's own staff officers, dated Culpeper Court-House, February 28, and another one, who had worked upon Merrimac, Numbers 2, and who gave all information about the same. Both were forwarded to Alexandria. I have found information in the public papers which came to me directly from prisoners which I had forwarded to the provost-marshal of Alexandria, expecting that through him such matter would be forwarded to department headquarters. Hereafter all information at all interesting will be forwarded directly to you.

ALEX. HAYS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

March 1, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER:

The battery 1 mile below Lowry Point has in it one 30-pounder Parrott. Do not know the caliber of the other two guns. Do not consider it permanent. Battery can be brought down when the enemy choose at short notice. All the wharves on the enemy's side of the Rappahannock have been destroyed, and those on the Neck side are in a dilapidated condition. I know of no wharves on the Piankatank whatever. I send you a full assortment of charts from the Observatory.

SAMUEL MAGAW,

Lieutenant-Commander, &c.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

March 1, 1863.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

Will you please inform Colonel Wyndham that I desire him to return to his camp immediately with his command?

Respectfully,

S. P. HEINTZELMAN.

