HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 2, 1863.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Colonel Wyndham left with his command about daylight this morning.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 2, 1863.

General AVERELL,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: Your picket-line will, until further orders, be as follows: Its left commencing with the infantry pickets on the Rappahannock River, and extending up the river to a point near Rocky Pen Creek; thence in front of Berea Church to Guy's Old Tavern, and thence to a point near the headwaters of Accakeek Creek, where you will connect with the left of the First Division.

This new line will be established either by yourself in person or by some officer upon whose judgment and experience you can depend. Patrols, mounted on the best horses, will be sent out on all the main approaches sufficiently often to keep you well informed of what is going on in your front. These patrols will not only watch all the main approaches, but will examine ad thoroughly inspect the intervening country between these approaches.

The general directs me to say that the strength of the force to guard this line must depend upon circumstances, of which you must be the judge, as you will be held responsible that the duty is properly and thoroughly performed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 2, 1863.

General A. PLEASONTON,

Commanding First Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: Your line of vedettes will, until further orders, be as follows: Your left will connects with the right of the Second Division at a point near the headwaters of Accakeek Creek, and from thence northwardly to some point some 2 or 3 miles in front of the outposts of the force at Dumfries, and as much farther northward as you may think safety requires. Arrangements have been made to enable your cavalry on duty near Dumfries to draw forage, &c., from that point.

This new line will be established either by yourself in person or by some officer upon whose judgment and experience you can depend. Patrols, mounted on the best horses, will be sent out on all the main approaches sufficiently often to keep you well informed of what is going on in your front. These patrols will not only watch all main approaches, but will examine and thoroughly inspect the intervening country between these approaches.

