
VIII. Inspecting officers will note under "remarks" on their inspection returns the extent of instruction and compliance with Paragraphs 254 and 257, inclusive, Revised Army Regulations.

IX. The attention of all officers is called to the provisions of Paragraphs V and VI, of General Orders, Numbers 3. The proportion of furloughs must be based upon the effective men present for duty, and confined to soldiers whose behavior, appearance, and character make them proper representatives of their command and the army.

X. Infantry outpost details will be made for three days from corps. The grand guards will be formally mounted; a medical officer must be detailed, the guard provided with three days' rations for officers and men, and no officer or soldier will be allowed to return to camp during their tour of duty, except as special messengers or in cases of emergency. In such cases they must be provided with a proper pass from their commanding officer. In case of sickness, the pass must be approved by the medical officer.

XI. As the favorable consideration of applications for extensions of leaves of absence would, under the operations of existing orders, be productive of injustice to officers expecting the indulgence of a leave, such applications will in all cases be denied. All officers and enlisted men absent beyond the period of their leave or furlough must be tried by court-martial.

XII. When the absence of descriptive lists and advices of enlistment of returned deserters renders doubtful their regiment, company, or identity, provost-marshals or commanding officers will apply direct to the adjutant-general's office for the necessary copies of the recruiting returns of their regiment, battery, or company, to enable them to properly dispose of such cases.

XIII. Important information from the outposts or advices regarding movements of the enemy must not be delayed in transmission. All reports of this character must be marked upon the envelope "important," and exertions made to hasten their arrival at headquarters. While the telegraph must be made use of to transmit such intelligence, dispatching duplicated by couriers must not be omitted where the slightest possible doubt exists as to certain and correct transmission by telegraph.

XIV. The reports called for under Paragraph IV, General Orders, Numbers 167, October 24, 1862, Army of the Potomac, need be transmitted only to corps commanders, and in their discretion may be omitted, as the commanders of corps will be held responsible for the prompt transmission and proper execution of orders within their respective commands.

XV. The packages for commissioned officers arriving by express will not be subjected to examination by provost-marshals except in the presence of the officers themselves, and then only when there is strong reasons to suppose that the contents are contraband.

XVI. All sutlers will confine their traffic to the regiment to which they are appointed and belong. The goods and property of those found violating this order will be confiscated upon proof thereof, one-fourth to the benefit of the informer and the remainder to the benefit of the hospital fund of the regiment of the officer or soldier who gives the information. Sutlers who use the names or orders of officers to procure transportation or purchase and sell contraband articles will be subjected to the same penalties.

XVII. Commanding officers will see that within the limits of their respective commands the public business is promptly and efficiently

