
unteer Cavalry, Colonel L. B. Pierce; the Thirteenth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry, Colonel James A. Galligher.

Second Brigade, Colonel George Hay, Eighty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, commanding.-The Ninth Regiment Virginia Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Issac H. Duval; the Tenth Regiment Virginia Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Thomas M. Harris; the Twelfth Regiment Virginia Volunteer Infantry, Colonel John B. Klunk; the Eighty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel John W. Schall; Battery L, Fifth Regiment U. S. Artillery, Captain S. F. Chalfin; Battery B, First Regiment Virginia Volunteer Artillery, Captain John V. Keeper; Company K, First Regiment Virginia Cavalry, Captain Weston Rowand; Companies D and E, Third Regiment Virginia Cavalry, Captain James R. Utt.

By command of Major-General Schenck:

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

March 5, 1863.

Ho. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of a communication from Commodore Harwood, commanding the Potomac Flotilla, in reference to the conduct of the troops on duty at Piney Point.*

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

[Inclosure.]

POTOMAC FLOTILLA, WASHINGTON NAVY-YARD,

Commandant's Office, March 2, 1863.

Ho. GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

SIR: Lieutenant-Commander McCrea, commanding the lower division of the Potomac Flotilla, reports to me that the conduct of the soldiers stationed there is outrageous; constantly drunk, going 5 and 6 miles for liquor; insulting the wife of the proprietor at the Point, and threatening his life, and that they are without discipline.

The lieutenant-colonel of the regiment seems also to object to any interruption of his boats while crossing troops from Piney Point to Point Lookout, but the guard-boat cannot discriminate, as boats with men in Federal uniforms have been afterward ascertained to be manned by rebel spies. The necessity of a pass of some kind is evident. I have inculcated the most entire courtesy toward and hearty co-operation with the army, and regret extremely to find fault, but I have seen a great deal of the conduct of undisciplined troops since the breaking out of the war, and the deplorable effects their treatment of citizens produces.

I requested some time since that a cavalry force should be sent to patrol the shores of the river to prevent contraband trade.

I understand the body of infantry has been sent to the mouth of the

---------------

*See Watson to Welles, April 6, p. 191.

---------------

