
Potomac for that purpose; if so, I feel quite sure they would be of little or no service, even if their conduct were good.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

A. A. HARWOOD,

Commodore, Commanding Potomac Flotilla.

[Indorsement No. 1.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

March 7, 1863.

Referred to the Adjutant-General for prompt investigation and report, numerous complaints of the bad conduct and inefficiency of these troops having been made.

By order of the Secretary of War:

P. H. WATSON,

Assist Secretary of War.

[Indorsement Numbers 2.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

March 12, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the commanding general Middle Department for investigation and prompt report. Also to take efficient measures to put a stop to such outrages.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, Md., March 29, 1863.

Respectfully returned to the Adjutant-General, with the request that the attention of the Secretary of War may be especially called to the explanations of Brigadier-General Lockwood contained in his two letters of the 19th instant. The matters therein contained, I think, should also be specially looked to by the Secretary of the Navy. General Lockwood is an officer in whose energy, discretion, and loyalty I have the utmost confidence, and I believe he is doing more effective service now on the bank of the Lower Potomac than has ever been accomplished by any officer in charge of that district before him.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosures to third indorsement.]

DRUMMONDTOWN, VA.,

March 19, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have received the communication of Commodore Harwood, commanding Potomac Flotilla, referred to me under date of March 14, 1863, and respectfully reply that since the date of that letter, namely, the 11th instant, I was at Piney Point, and made particular inquiry as to the conduct of the troops stationed there by my order. The commanding officer represented it as good, and this was confirmed by the proprietor of the hotel, with some trifling exceptions incidental to all troops, whether disciplined or undisciplined, and for which the commanding officer was by no means responsible.

