
ward, I conversed with the Union men, and received the same statement respecting the conduct of the fleet and their affiliation with those whose hearts were in the rebellion. I found the impression strong that the blockade-runners had found friends in the naval men. The lieutenant-colonel complained of their coming on shore every night, and carousing and gambling with the "Secesh" proprietor, &amp;c. Being responsible to Major-General Schenck that this very large traffic should be stopped, or at least greatly reduced, I felt that my proceedings must be independent of the Navy.

I don't for a moment presume that the troops have been faultless. I presume, even, that they might have been more efficient. But it is hard to have their bad conduct and inefficiency referred to, after a trial of one fortnight only, on the report without specification of those who are regarded as not true to the Government by the only Union men in the county.

Colonel, the task I have to do is a hard one; the results may perhaps be uncertain, and, whatever they may be, will bring no applause; but having undertaken this thankless task, let me pursue it my own way, always, of course, under the instructions of the general commanding, or give it to another. I protest against the interference of the Navy, or of those whom good men regard as untrue.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY H. LOCKWOOD,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-The irregularities spoken of by those at Piney Point arose from a disregard by the proprietor of the hotel of an order of the lieutenant-colonel not to sell liquor to the soldiers.

As several parties were sent out to look up boats, possibly some of these may have got drunk. I will inquire more particularly in a few days.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 6, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER,

Army of the Potomac:

General Milroy thinks that a large cavalry force is collecting in front of Winchester, and asks re-enforcements. We have no cavalry to send him, except from your army. If General Milroy's suspicions are well founded, your cavalry should move so as to cut off the enemy or compel him to fall back.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 6, 1863-1 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have no means of verifying the suspicions of General Milroy. I only know that his general character is that of a stampeder, and that if a large cavalry force is in his front, I am puzzled to know where it came from. Certainly not from the army in my front. If my cavalry is to be sent there on the present information, a positive order will be

