
required. That trip will disable my cavalry for service for six weeks. If General Milroy has 4,000 infantry, he should be able to take care of himself against any cavalry force the enemy can send against him.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 6, 1863-2 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER:

Dispatches just received from the South state that D. H. Hill's forces are in North Carolina, and Longstreet's in Charleston or Savannah.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,Camp near Hope Landing, March 6, 1863.

Major MCCLURE,

Commanding Outpost of First Cavalry Brigade:

MAJOR: The colonel commanding directs that you send to these headquarters to-night a sketch showing your picket-line, the position of your small and main reserve, and all the various roads leading to and from your position.

He also desires that, in addition to patrolling the Telegraph road, as heretofore requested, that you patrol all the roads leading toward the enemy, so as to obtain reliable information of what is going on in front. These patrols are to be sent out often, especially at night, and on the best horses.

Orders from division headquarters require the line thoroughly observed and patrolled; and the colonel directs that if your present force is not sufficient, you make application for the number which you may consider necessary.

The colonel commanding expects that your command will meet with no disgraceful surprise, such as occurred the other day in the Eighth New York.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

B. D. DAVIS,

Commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

UNION MILLS, VA.,

March 6, 1863-7 p. m.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Information is received that 150 of the enemy's cavalry are near Manassas. Colonel Stagg, First Michigan Cavalry, has just received information of other bodies assembling for the purpose of effecting a crossing at Woodyard or Wolf Run Shoals. Two of the Michigan Cavalry were yesterday captured within reach of my artillery. I have telegraphed Colonel [Asa P.] Blunt, Colonel [C. D.] MacDougall, and General Stoughton. We will be ready to receive them if they come.

ALEX. HAYS,

Brigadier-General.

