
CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

March 7, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

I have the honor to inform you that the bodies of Surgeon [William B.] Davis, Lieutenant Edward [W.] Horner, and Private [George A.] Price, Second Virginia Cavalry, who fell in a recent skirmish, have been placed in coffins and taken to the Falmouth Depot. They will be delivered at the usual place for exchanging flags of truce to such officer as you may empower to receive them and at any hour you may designate. I will have an officer ready on Monday, the 9th instant, to receive the body of J. C. Newcomer, killed in the engagement at Fredericksburg December 13, 1862, and which I have learned you have authorized to be sent across the river.

As, in two instances of late, communications have been sent under flags of truce to subordinate officers of my command, I respectfully state that I have directed that, until further orders, no communication coming from your lines be received unless the same be addressed to myself, and, under existing circumstances, delivered in front of Fredericksburg.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEAR FORT WARD, VA.,

March 7, 1863.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: As you have requested me, I inclose copies of letters relating to equipment and putting into the field heavy guns. A well-organized train cannot in any event fail to be useful, whether for the attack of a fortified position or to hold some important point. I believe, too, that you will be satisfied that the only way to collect and move the material is on and by water.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. O. TYLER,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

[Inclosures.]

FORT WARD, VA.,

October 22, 1862.

Brigadier-General HUNT,

Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I would propose the following as the most practicable organization for putting three heavy batteries, of four guns each, in the field:

The ten 4 1/2 guns now at Fort Ward, or Worth, to be replaced by 30-pounder Parrotts. Two additional pieces of the same caliber to be supplied by the Ordnance Department. A company to be assigned to each four guns. A field officer to be in charge of the whole. To move the guns, 6 strong horses per gun will be required-the two wheelers with artillery harness; the remaining 4 horses to be hitched with wagon harness to lead bars. The implements to be carried on the guns.

9 R R - VOL XXV, PT II

