
Two wagons per gun, each carrying 72 rounds of shell (twelve boxes, weighing 2,400 pounds), 1 wagon to four guns for powder, and 1 per company; in all, 1 forge wagon, B; 1 battery wagon, D; 30 wagons; 32 6-mule teams; 80 draught horses; 6 saddle horses, 1 for the captain, 1 for the quartermaster-sergeant and wagon-master per battery; 32 sets of 6-mule harness; 12 sets of 4 horse team harness; 3 sets of team harness, lead (span), 13 sets of artillery wheel harness (1 span), and 6 sets of accouterments for saddle-horses.

All the preliminaries will be arranged and the batteries sent forward by land as soon as possible after the receipt of your approval of this communication.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. O. TYLER,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

October 22, 1862.

This proposition approved with the following modification, viz, one forge, A (for shoeing). The officers should all be mounted, and the supplies increased accordingly-8 horses for each siege carriage with its gun, 2 drivers, 1 for pole horses, the other for a 6-horse team at the end of the pole, and one-tenth of the number of spare horses.

HENRY J. HUNT,

Chief of Artillery.

FORT WARD, VA.,

October 22, 1862.

Brigadier General HENRY J. HUNT,

Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In anticipation of the probable necessity for a siege train in the operations in Virginia, and the disadvantages arising from a hastily collected and heterogeneous mass of guns and ammunition, I would respectfully suggest -

1. That immediate steps be taken to collect at a convenient point the necessary materials, in about the following proportions, viz: 40 rifles (4 1/2-inch), 10 howitzers (8-inch, model 1861), 10 mortars (8-inch, model 1861), and 10 mortars (Coehorn), with the necessary mortar-wagons, battery-wagons, forges, sling-carts, gins, spare implements, &amp;c. If guns are equipped to move with the army, the above estimate may be reduced by the number sent. No allowance is made in the above train for any extraordinary calibers which may be found necessary in particular positions.

2. That these pieces be held in reserve until used, and not drawn upon for field work.

3. If Washington Arsenal be the point selected to collect the train, that suitable barges be procured from the Quartermaster's Department, on which the ordnance will be stowed until needed, and where it will be ready for immediate transportation by water.

4. That previous to the siege train being disembarked at any point, sufficient notice be given to the Quartermaster's Department to enable them to supply the necessary animals for land transportation at the given point. Two regiments would be required to serve efficiently the

