
above train. If a siege train is required suddenly before the Ordnance Department can collect the above guns, orders might be given to withdraw from the forts about Washington the necessary number, from the pieces added to the armament of those works from the train formerly under my charge in the Peninsula.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. O. TYLER,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

October 25, 1862.

Approved, with the exception that, unless perfectly safe and dry barges can be obtained, the ammunition be kept housed until the train is ordered.

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA.,

March 7, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Baltimore, Md.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of the 4th instant, inclosing plan for the organization of this division, and asking for my views thereon. I have filled the blanks, and now return it herewith.

As to the first point, I am not prepared to express a decided opinion. In Western Virginia a somewhat anomalous state of affairs exists. A vote is about being taken on the new State question, and trouble is apprehended at the polls. Many of the citizens in prominent circles believe that the spring will witness renewed attempts on the part of the enemy to overrun that section of the country, destroy property, and prevent, if possible, the formation and organization of the proposed new State. Under these circumstances, it is believed that it is the desire of a large majority of the people of West Virginia that an officer who is presumed to be familiar with the country and the necessities of the service in that section should command the troops for its protection; and, should the general commanding decide to create a third division, I will be pardoned for saying that I would much prefer to be assigned to it.

In case General Roberts is assigned to a division, the Second Brigade, as arranged, would be commanded by Colonel Staunton, Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania, who is oldest in commission of the regimental commanders. I cannot recommend the appointment of Colonel Staunton to this position. I am of opinion that, in view of the importance of the position, a good and efficient officer-a general officer, if practicable-should be assigned to the command of the brigade intended to be stationed on the Heights.

I concur fully in the opinion that the Massachusetts and New York heavy artillery should be placed upon Maryland Heights, and the bri-

