
BALTIMORE,

March 8, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

The following is from General Milroy, this evening:

WINCHESTER, March 8, 1863.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY, Harper's Ferry, Va.:

Various rumors reach me of a large rebel force having come across Luray. Some say it is Hampton's Legion, others that it is A. P. Hill's forces.

R. H. MILROY,

Brigadier-General.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, VA.,

March 9, 1863.

Major General R. C. SCHENCK:

DEAR SIR: Pardon me for again calling your attention to the over whelming importance of the repair of the railroad from Harper's Ferry to this place at the earliest possible moment. When it is remembered that this Valley is the key, not only to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, but to all of West Virginia; that it is necessary to establish a permanent base at this place for supplies and operations, for taking and occupying the Valley south to Staunton; that the transportation now in use between this and Martinsburg would, by the repair of said railroad, all be released and be made available in an advance up the Valley; that said advance will be greatly delayed, if not defeated, unless the transportation is thus released and made available; that the season for active operations is at hand; that the repairs of said railroad would give assurance to the inhabitants of this place and surrounding country that the Government had firmly re-established its power, and revive and call out a strong Union sentiment, new suppressed and held in check by our present apparently doubtful occupancy, surely the wisest strategy, economy, and effort for the public good would require its immediate repair, cost what it may.

I am, general, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

R. H. MILROY,

Brigadier-General.

DUMFRIES, March 9, 1863-8 p. m.

Major-General SLOCUM, Commanding Twelfth Army Corps:

A red signal has been seen during the last hour between the Brentsville road and Quantico Creek, about 4 miles distant. My pickets have just fired on a small party of cavalry near there.

CHAS. CANDY,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, THIRD ARMY CORPS,March 9, 1863.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

SIR: While I was in command of military defenses southwest of the Potomac, and stationed at Arlington, a small brigade, called Carroll's

