
brigade, was added to my command. This was composed of the First [West] Virginia, Eighty-fourth and One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Colonel S. S. Carroll, of the Eighth Ohio, was in command. Afterward the First [West] Virginia was detached and sent to Western Virginia. The One hundred and sixty-third New York was then joined to the brigade. On the 14th of January, Colonel Carroll obtained leave of absence for twelve days. He has not since returned, having obtained, I believe, successive sick leaves from headquarters in Washington.

Meanwhile, the One hundred and sixty-third New York has been detached from my command, and, by consolidation with the Seventy-third New York, joined to the Second Division of this corps. There were left of the so-called Carroll's brigade only two regiments, comprising about 570 men present for duty.

In reorganizing my command, one was joined to the First Brigade, now commanded by Colonel Bailey, the other united to the Twelfth New Hampshire and the U. S. Sharpshooters, forming the Second Brigade, now commanded by Colonel Potter.

It has occurred to me that these facts should be made known at headquarters of the army, for, should Colonel Carroll return to this division, he would not find the command he left, and the colonels of regiments now here would doubtless feel annoyed should a colonel whose regiment is in another division be selected to command them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsements.]

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

March 10, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. It is presumed that Colonel Carroll will be ordered to his regiment when he reports for duty.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

March 10, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the General-in-Chief.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 19, 1863.

The major-general commanding Army of the Potomac will make all assignments in that army, except commanders of army corps, which latter assignment of permanent commanders must be made by the President.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

March 20, 1863.

Respectfully returned to Major-General Hooker, commanding Army of the Potomac, and attention invited to the remarks of the General-in-Chief.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

