HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 11, 1863.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Twelfth Army Corps:

Please see that the force at Dumfries and intermediate pickets are all vigilant to-night and to-morrow, and that every precaution is taken; also provision for prompt transmission of information.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

DUMFRIES, March 11, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS:

The cavalry pickets on my right have been drawn in, leaving the entire country between the Quantico and Occoquan open to the enemy. What shall I do for patrols? The roads in that direction should be watched closely, to guard against surprise. Without cavalry here I cannot be responsible.

CHAS. CANDY,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

DUMFRIES, March 11, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Twenty cavalry are to patrol the road from here to Occoquan, on the Telegraph read, every six hours. I considered it my duty to inform you that all the cavalry on my right had been removed, leaving the country open. Nothing but infantry in that direction, as far as I can learn.

CHAS. CANDY,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

March 11, 1863.

Commanding Officer, Fifth Corps:

Information received through one of our scouts speaks of an intended raid by the enemy toward Potomac Bridge for its destruction. You are informed thereof, to insure vigilance and care on the part of your reserves and pickets. It may be deemed prudent, if the definite information necessary can be obtained, to withdraw the picket-line temporarily, and conceal General Sykes' troops and camps for the purpose of permitting the approach of the enemy to the vicinity of the bridge. You will be prepared to meet such an order, if occasion should require it.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 11, 1863-8.20 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Washington, D. C.:

Sharpe's signals have all day indicated, as yesterday, a move. He will explain. A signal station of enemy's reported broken up and

