
moved. Scout in (named Skinker) reports Stuart in the Valley with one brigade; also reports a raid contemplated on Potomac Bridge.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

MARCH 12, 1863.

General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you send out a force to make a reconnaissance to Kelly's Ford and the intermediate fords between that and our lines; that the force be one merely for observation and knowledge of what movements the enemy may be making in those neighborhoods. One regiment, properly commanded, ought to accomplish this. That the force leave at daylight to-morrow; that means be taken to secure prompt and correct information from them, and that such information be reported here immediately upon its arrival.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

March 12, 1863-8.45 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Major-General Wright, commanding the Department of the Ohio, still claims the troops under General Moor, and asks me to recall my order directing General Moor to this command until you can decide. I have instructed General Kelley to suspend the order for a week. I certainly consider these troops mine, under your authority. They belong to General Kelley's railroad force and to General Milroy, and two regiments have been sent by you, since I have been in this command, transferred from General Cox, to report for duty to Brigadier-General Kelley. See my former communication.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,

Baltimore, March 12, 1863.

In the absence of Major-General Schenck, the undersigned, in pursuance of instructions from the War Department, assumes the command of the Middle Department.

W. W. MORRIS,

Brevet Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA.,

March 14, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have reliable information from Union men this moment from Charlestown that Herndon [?], Jones, and Imboden are with their forces at Stras-

