
burg, in all over 10,000 men, with ten or more field pieces. It is believed they are moving on Winchester.

R. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Copy to Major-General Heintzelman, Department of Washington; General Schenck, Baltimore; General Hooker, Army of the Potomac.)

BALTIMORE, MD.,

March 14, 1863-1.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Following sent to commanding officer, Harper's Ferry:

You will immediately send forward two regiments of infantry to re-enforce General Milroy at Winchester.

By order of Brevet Brigadier-General Morris:

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 14, 1863-5 p. m.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

I have just received the following from Dumfries. I have sent for the scout to come in to-night:

[MARCH]-, 1863.

COLONEL: I have returned from scouting in the vicinity of Brentsville. At Brentsville and vicinity is Hampton's Legion. On Bacon Ridge, en route to Occoquan, about 250 cavalry. On the road from Dumfries to Brentsville three of four squads, numbering from 80 to 100. Met none of our cavalry on my route. At Brentsville one piece of artillery. Enemy under the impression that this place (Dumfries) has been evacuated, and are ravaging the country. From information, I learn there is quite a force near Warrenton. Have you any directions to give, or shall I return to you or start again in the direction of Brentsville and vicinity? Answer immediately.

A. YAGER.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 27. Camp near Falmouth, Va., March 14, 1863.

* * * * * * *

III. Officers reviewing the proceedings of courts-martial will hereafter withhold their approval from sentences which cannot be carried into effect within the limits of this army. When such are awarded, the court will be directed to reconsider its action.

IV. The commissions directed by Paragraph I, of General Orders, Numbers 20, of the 5th instant, from these headquarters, to be appointed to examine into the cases of officers absent from duty without proper authority, will be detailed by corps commanders, and the proceedings of

