
such commissions will be forwarded for the consideration of the commanding general.

V. No furloughs will be granted to enlisted men except under the provisions of Paragraph VI, of General Orders, Numbers 3, of January 30, 1863, from these headquarters. When, in the opinion of the medical officers in charge of a regiment or field hospital, it may be necessary to remove a soldier for treatment beyond the limits of this army, an application for the purpose will be transmitted through the prescribed channel to the medical director at these headquarters, and, if he approves the same, he will indicate the hospital to which the soldier is to be sent, and return the application to the corps commander, who will give the requisite order in the case.

VI. Copies of all orders sending officers or enlisted men to the general hospitals in Washington, Alexandria, or Georgetown will be transmitted, at their dates, to Surg. R. O. Abbott, medical director of the Department of Washington.

VII. As the inspection reports of the following named regiments and battery show that they have greatly improved in condition since the promulgation of General Orders, Numbers 18, of March 3, 1863, from these headquarters, they are relieved from the disability as to leaves of absence and furloughs placed upon them by Paragraph V, of those orders, viz: Thirty-fourth, Forty-second, Fifty-ninth, and Eighty-eighth New York Volunteer Regiments, Sixth-ninth and One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteer Regiments, and Twelfth Ohio Volunteer Battery.

VIII. All orders and instructions given by a staff officer at any headquarters to his subordinates on duty with troops, affecting the troops or their supplies, will be issued in the name of the commander with whom such staff officer may be immediately serving, and be transmitted to the officer or agent for whom they are designed through the commander with whom the officer or agent may be on duty.

IX. Scouting parties and pickets will exercise a wise discretion in the arrest of citizens peacefully remaining at home. Such persons will not be brought within the lines of this army unless upon proof sufficient to warrant their being taken into custody, and in all cases the witnesses, or a statement showing their names and places of residence, will accompany the parties held as prisoners.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO,

March 15, 1863.

Brigadier General E. P. SCAMMON,

Charleston, Va.:

General Moor telegraphs that he has information that Summerville will be attacked in a few days, and that rebels know exact strength at that post. Send this intelligence to the commanding officer, and give him such aid as you can spare, and is necessary.

Similar instructions given to General Moor, with directions to report to you direct in this matter.

H. G. WRIGHT,

[Major-General.]

