
CINCINNATI OHIO,

March 15, 1863.

Brigadier General A. MOOR,

Buckhannon, Va.:

Your dispatch to Major Bascom is received.* General Scammon has been instructed to notify commanding officer at Summerville of apprehended attack, and to send such aid as he can spare. You will do the same thing, and report direct in this matter to General Scammon, at Charleston. You must head off the rebels in this matter.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

March 16, 1863-1.30 p. m.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Reports received here to-day, apparently more reliable than heretofore, indicate that the enemy has concentrated some 10,000 men near Strasburg, to threaten the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. You have the only cavalry force to cope with that of the enemy, and it is expected that you will observe or occupy it so as to prevent any large body from moving toward Harper's Ferry.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 16, 1863-2.30 p. m.

Major-General SCHENCK,

Baltimore, Md.:

All troops in Western Virginia will be added to your command. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company represent that their road about Harper's Ferry is unsafe under General Milroy. Can you not put a more competent officer in his place? I must again call your attention to the importance of constructing block-houses for the defense of railroad bridges.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 16, 1863-6.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Have just received your telegram of this p. m. This morning I dispatched 3,000 cavalry to attack and break up the cavalry camp of Fitzhugh Lee and Hampton in the vicinity of Culpeper. Is it ordered that the residue of my cavalry force shall be sent on to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, so as to prevent any large body from moving toward Harper's Ferry? Can no one tell where all the enemy's cavalry come from?

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Substance given in Wright to Scammon, p. 138.

---------------

