
Major Seneca G. Simmons, Fourth Infantry (colonel U. S. Volunteers), killed June 30, 1862, at the battle of White Oak Swamp, Va.

Brigadier General George D. Bayard, U. S. Volunteers (captain Fourth Cavalry), died of wounds received at the battle of Fredericksburg, Va., December 14, 1862.

Major General Philip Kearny, U. S. Volunteers, killed at the battle of Chantilly, Va., September 1, 1862.

Captain Henry Benson, Second Artillery, died of wounds received at the battle of Malvern Hill, Va., August 11, 1862.

Captain John R. Smead, Fifth Artillery, killed at the battle of Bull Run, Va., August 30, 1862.

First Lieutenant Henry W. Kingsbury, Fifth Artillery (colonel of volunteers), died of wounds received at the battle of Antietam, Md., September 18, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel Julius P. Garesche, assistant adjutant-general, killed at the battle of Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 31, 1862.

Captain Guilford D. Bailey, commissary of subsistence (colonel of volunteers), killed at the battle of Fair Oaks, Va., May 31, 1862.

Your obedient servant,

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-Brigadier General Charles D. Jameson, after whom it is proposed to name the battery near Fort Lincoln, served as colonel of the Second Regiment Maine Volunteers, at Bull Run. He was appointed brigadier-general September 3, 1861. His brigade formed part of the army corps under General Heintzelman, and-

Distinguished himself individually at the battle of Williamsburg, being at the front rendering aid to General Kearny, though his brigade was not engaged, * * * and he particularly distinguished himself at the battle of Fair Oaks, where his horse was shot under him in battle, receiving three balls. He died [November 6, 1862] of typhoid fever (at Old Town, Me.), brought on, no doubt, by exposure and the excitement of the battles alluded to. - Extract from a letter from General Heintzelman.

[Inclosure.]

WASHINGTON,

February 10, 1863.

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: I recommend that the battery which I proposed to be called Battery Maine be named Battery Jameson, after Brigadier General Charles D. Jameson, who died of disease contracted in the service on the Peninsula. He was a citizen of the State of Maine, was in the first battle of Bull Run, and in all the battles of the Peninsula.

I am, your obedient servant,

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY,

March 16, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Baltimore:

COLONEL: I have the honor to communicate, for the information of the general commanding, my opinion of the defenses in and about Harper's Ferry.

