
otherwise dealt with, according to the aggravated character of the offense.

Simply taking the oath of allegiance is not to be regarded as proof of loyalty, where it is evident it is only taken to profit by the privileges accorded to the loyal, and those granting and indorsing permits must see to it that they are not thus imposed upon.

All seizures of goods must be immediately reported in writing to Major William S. Fish, military provost-marshal of the Eighth Army Corps, with all the circumstances attending such seizures, an exact inventory of the articles taken, and the names and rank of the officers and soldiers performing the duty, as well as the names of the parties detected.

Any officer or soldier appropriating to his own use, selling, giving, or otherwise disposing of any article seized on personal account, will, upon the facts being established at these headquarters, be severely punished for such dishonesty and misconduct.

The following is a list of the names of the custom-house officers authorized to grant permits:

* * * * * * *

List of military officers detailed to examine permits, and who alone have the authority to indorse upon them the required passes:

* * * * * * *

By order of Major-General Schenck:

WM. M. ESTE,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

CINCINNATI, OHIO,

March 16, 1863-8.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

General Scammon, commanding in the Kanawha Valley, is desirous of mounting two regiments of, say, 1,000 in all. He is sanguine that, with this mounted force, he can not only better protect the country in his neighborhood, but act offensively against the rebel communications. Have I authority to procure the necessary horses and equipments?

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

MARIETTA, OHIO,

March 16, 1863.

Major N. H. MCLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cincinnati, Ohio:

The following dispatch just received from Buckhannon:

Major Lang, commanding at Sutton, reports that a prisoner brought in last night states that he left Frankford one the 10th; that a cavalry raid of 300 or 400 was to be made on Sutton or Bulltown on the 18th or 20th instant. Major Long states that he is sadly in need of arms and ammunition. My whole command is in the same condition. Requisitions have been made long ago. Telegraphed you of our wants on the 3rd instant; also February 19.

A. MOOR,

Brigadier-General.

I have telegraphed to General Moor for particulars in regard to the requisition forwarded.

G. M. BASCOM,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

