
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 17, 1863.

General H. G. WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Western Virginia has been transferred to the Middle Department. A new commander has been appointed for the Department of the Ohio.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

BUCKHANNON, VA.,

March 17, 1863-7.50 p. m.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati:

I am in communication with General Scammon. Birch Station was attacked yesterday, but the attack was repulsed. He has re-enforced Bulltown and Sutton; apprehends no danger if ammunition reaches there in time. Ammunition for one regiment only got to Clarksburg yesterday, one month after requisition had been forwarded for same, and for about 500 arms. Ordnance officer answered: "No stores at Wheeling."

This brigade should be fully equipped for active service at once. My entire front is menaced, and my available reserve to support any threatened part or main attack on Beverly (as expected) consists of 700 armed men.

A. MOOR,

Brigadier-General.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

March 17, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

The accompanying General Orders from the War Department, dated February 28, 1863, in regard to paroles, is respectfully transmitted to you, in compliance with the requirements contained in its closing paragraph.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,

Numbers 49. Washington, D. C., February 28, 1863.

I. The following rules in regard to paroles, established by the common law and usages of war, are published for the information of all concerned:

1. Paroling must always take place by the exchange of signed duplicates of a written document, in which the name and rank of the parties paroled are correctly stated. Any one who intentionally misstates his rank forfeits the benefit of his parole and is liable to punishment.

2. None but commissioned officers can give the parole for themselves or their commands, and no inferior officer can give a parole without the authority of his superior, if within reach.

3. No paroling on the battle-field, no paroling of entire bodies of troops after a battle, and no dismissal of large numbers of prisoners, with a general declaration that they are paroled, is permitted or of any value-

10 R R - VOL XXV, PT II

