SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 75. Camp near Falmouth, Va., March 17, 1863.

I. Colonel E. Schriver, inspector-general, having reported for duty to the commanding general, is announced as the chief of his department, at these headquarters.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 18, 1863.

Major General JOHN F. REYNOLDS, Commanding First Corps:

I send, for your information, the following synopsis of Averell's affair:

He sent in a large number of prisoners (about 80), including 1 major. Captain Moore, of General Hooker's staff, who accompanied him, reports it as a brilliant and splendid fight-the best cavalry fight of the war-lasting five hours, charging and recharging on both sides, our men using their sabers handsomely and with effect, driving the enemy 3 miles into cover of earthworks and heavy guns. Forces about equal.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

(Copies furnished commanding officers of the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps.)

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 28. Camp near Falmouth, Va., March 8, 1863.

I. Pursuant to instructions, which have been received from the Secretary of War, it is hereby ordered that the commander of each regiment, battery, independent battalion, and company serving in this army prepare immediately duplicate lists of deserters now absent from their respective commands, and transmit the same, without delay, to the Provost-Marshal-General of the War Department, Washington. One copy will be sent direct and the other through the usual military channel; and hereafter similar reports will be made out and forwarded in like manner to the Provost-Marshal-General on the first day of each month.

II. All officers, guards, and sentinels are required to arrest any enlisted man, teamster, or other person found violating the provisions of Paragraph I, of General Orders, Numbers 134, of June 12, 1862, from these headquarters, with respect to fast riding and driving, it being as follows:

All fast riding or driving of public horses and mules is positively prohibited, unless in cases of necessity. Trains will not move faster than a walk, except under written orders to the officer or wagon-master in charge. Officers sending mounted messengers with dispatches, which are to be carried at a faster pace than a walk, will indicate upon the envelope the gait the messenger is to take, whether a trot or a gallop. The same directions may be indicated by the seals on the envelope-one seal for the walk, two for the trot, and three for the gallop. Officers will be held responsible for the instructions they give to mounted orderlies or trains with regard to their gait. All provost-marshals and provost-guards are specially charged with the enforcement of this order.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

