
WASHINGTON, D. C.,

March 18, 1863-10 a. m.

Major General JOHN G. PARKE,

(Care Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas, Fort Monroe, Va.:)

Embark the troops as nearly by brigades as possible, with their wagons, camp equipage, and animals belonging to the brigades, so that they may arrive nearly together, that the men may unload the wagons and start them with the commands. You may have to put the wagons, &amp;c., on different vessels, but they ought to arrive about the same time. Five days' grain should be on the boats, and the men should start on the vessels with five days' cooked meat, so that they can start when they land with three in their haversacks. I will make all necessary arrangements for coffee, &c., on the route. Make your orders for embarkation distinct, and place the responsibility of carrying them out upon the division commanders.

Is it necessary for me to be with you before you land? Telegraph fully in cipher. All men on extra orderly duty anywhere must join their regiments, and all that are able to go must be taken. Have all the staff horses, baggage, servants, and orderlies sent in a separate small vessel as soon as possible. French can come with it. It can bring anything else you wish.

Telegraph progress two or three times each day.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

March 19, 1863-9.45 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER:

I congratulate you upon the success of General Averell's expedition. It is good for the first lick. You have drawn the first blood, and I hope now soon to see "the boys up and at them." Give my compliments and thanks to Averell and his command.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,Numbers 129. Washington, March 19, 1863.

Colonel George Thom, aide-de-camp, with proceed to Baltimore, Md., and thence, with such officer as Major-General Schenck may designate to accompany him, will examine the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and branches to the Ohio River, and designate positions for block-houses. He will report the result of this examination to General Schenck, and, returning to Washington, will also report to these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 77. Camp near Falmouth, Va., March 19, 1863.

* * * * * * *

9. There being now 2,000 pack-saddles for issue at Aquia Creek, they will be distributed as follows, and corps commanders will at once cause

