
requisitions to be made for the number apportioned to them, viz: First Corps, 329; Third Corps, 361; Fifth Corps, 328; Sixth Corps, 450; Eleventh Corps, 275; Twelfth Corps, 257.

Of these pack-saddles, two will be distributed to each regiment to carry the shelter-tents, with which officers will be provided, and extra rations for them. The remainder will be devoted to the transportation of ammunition, the average amount of which, to be carried in each pack-saddle, will be two and a half boxes; the stronger and larger animals to carry three boxes, and the lighter ones two boxes.

Water-proof pouches will be used to protect the ammunition in rainy weather. Drills for a few hours each day in packing and unpacking will be instituted, without delay, to familiarize the men and animals to the use of the pack-saddles.

The animals for the ammunition-pack, if there are none extra on hand, will be taken from the ammunition wagons, in which case the wagons and harness will be turned in to the quartermaster's department.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

March 20, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the President's proclamation, issued in compliance with the twenty-sixth section of the act of March 3, 1863, pardoning all soldiers now absent without leave from the army who report at certain posts before April 1.* There are numerous cases in this army of men now undergoing punishment for desertion, or awaiting sentence or trial for that crime, many of those awaiting sentence being sentenced to death. As it would seem to be unjust to visit the severe penalty of the law upon deserters who have been apprehended, while pardoning those who have succeeded in evading apprehension, I have the honor to recommend that the President, by a general order, pardon all persons now undergoing punishment for desertion, those awaiting sentence, and those awaiting trial for that offense, all, of course, to forfeit pay an allowances for the time lost by desertion.

Very respectfully,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE,

March 20, 1863.

C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

All quiet along our lines last night. Mosby was threatening our post in the direction of Frying Pan last night, but did not venture to attack.

The Eighteenth Pennsylvania go on duty to-day, and, unless supported by some other troops, I feel apprehensive. The men are utterly

---------------

*Printed in Series III.

---------------

