
that the attention of all officers and men is now absolutely required to be free from the interference of such visitors, I would respectfully suggest that hereafter the permits to visit this army be restricted to absolute positive necessity, and that the permission heretofore granted to females is denied.

It is advisable that these restrictions be gradually introduced within the next few days, and not upon the ground that anything is likely to occur here requiring such a course. It cannot be foreseen at what moment this army will move, and the action in respect to the stoppage of travel heretofore has invariably been such as to indicate to the country pretty nearly the precise time of a movement.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WINCHESTER, VA., March 23, 1863.

VIA MARTINSBURG, VA., March 25.

Major-General SCHENCK,

Baltimore:

The enemy has fallen back beyond Mount Jackson. Heavy firing heard yesterday in the direction of Culpeper, or to the left of that place.

R. H. MILROY,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 18. Baltimore, Md., March 23, 1863.

The following officers are announced as the staff of the major-general commanding, or assigned for staff duty with this army corps:

Lieutenant Colonel Donn Piatt, assistant inspector-general and chief of staff.

Lieutenant Colonel William H. Chesebrough, assistant adjutant-general.

Lieutenant Colonel J. L. Donaldson, depot quartermaster at Baltimore, and

acting quartermaster Eighth Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel Joseph G. Crane, commissary of subsistence.

Colonel William F. Raynolds, additional aide-de-camp, chief of engineers.

Lieutenant Colonel William D. Whipple, additional aide-de-camp, and assistant adjutant-general, on special duty commanding at Philadelphia.

Major William M. Este, aide-de-camp.

Captain Maxwell V. L. Woodgull, aide-de-camp.

Captain Dickinson P. Thruston, aide-de-camp.

Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Fish, First Battalion Connecticut Cavalry, provost-marshal.

Major H. Z. Hayner, additional aide-de-camp.

Major H. W. Wharton, U. S. Army, commissary of muster.

Major William L. Marshall, judge-advocate.

Major Josiah Simpson (surgeon), medical director.

Major C. C. Cox (surgeon), medical purveyor.

Major T. P. Gibbons (surgeon), in charge of invalid officers.

Captain N. L. Jeffries, assistant adjutant-general.

First Lieutenant David S. Gordon, Second U. S. Cavalry, acting assistant adjutant-general.

By order of Major-General Schenck:

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

