
We know of no such regiment or colonel. Can you enlighten us? Have your pickets vigilant.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 24, 1863-11.36 p. m.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Twelfth Army Corps:

Please furnish General Pleasonton with copy of dispatch. If anything authentic by any information you have from your front or in front of the Eleventh Corps, keep him advised. Let me know if it is confirmed in any way.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., March 25, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Yours of the 23rd is just received. I hive no passes to the Army of the Potomac. Those given are given under the direction of the War Department. I have shown your letter to the Secretary, who will see that your wishes are complied with.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 30. Camp near Falmouth, Va., March 25, 1863.

On and after the receipt of this order, all requisitions for ordnance sores will be made in duplicate. Those for infantry and cavalry, after being signed by the colonels of the regiments, will be presented to the acting ordnance officers of divisions, who will make consolidated requisitions for all stores required for their divisions. These consolidated requisitions, after being signed by the general commanding the division, and, when for the cavalry, by the general commanding the corps, will also be presented to the chief ordnance officer at these headquarters, and, after being approved by him, will be issued upon. In all cases the division ordnance officers will present, along with the consolidated requisitions, the original regimental requisitions or copies of the same for the examination of the division commanders and to the chief ordnance officer at these headquarters, for his approval, to be forwarded to Washington.

All requisitions for ordnance and ordnance stores for batteries, after being signed by the captain of the battery, the chief of artillery of the corps, and the chief of artillery of this army, will be presented to the chief ordnance officer at these headquarters, and, after being approved by him, will be issued upon. Blanks for requisitions can be obtained from division ordnance officers, and officers requiring stores are directed to fill up all the columns according to the printed headings, and to fol-

