
low all the printed directions therein. Requisitions, when the printed from has been mutilated and changed, will not be approved.

Division ordnance officers will be held responsible that the following supply of ammunition is kept constantly on hand: For infantry, 140 rounds, with that in the cartridge-boxes; for cavalry, 100 rounds of carbine and 40 rounds pistol, with that in the cartridge-boxes; for artillery, 250 rounds, with that in the ammunition-chest. The 20 rounds infantry ammunition heretofore carried in the knapsacks of the men, after that is expended which they now have in their knapsacks, will not thereafter be carried by the men; but, immediately before an action, generals commanding divisions will see that 20 extra rounds are issued to the men, to be carried in their pockets.

The wagons containing the reserve ammunition will be under the control of the division ordnance officers. Ammunition wagons will be distinguished by a horizontal stripe, 6 inches wide, painted on each side of the cover; for artillery ammunition, re; for cavalry, yellow; for infantry, light blue. The wagons will also be distinctly marked with the number of the corps and division to which they belong and the kind and caliber of ammunition contained. The main depot for the army will be designated by a crimson flag marked "Ordnance Depot, U. S. A." Upon the march, or when the brigades are widely separated from each other, the wagons containing the reserve ammunition for each brigade may, at the discretion of the division commander, be turned over to the brigade quartermaster, who will draw his supplies from the division ordnance officer.

In time of action, division ordnance officers will be careful to get explicit instructions from their division commanders in regard to the disposition to be made of their trains, and they will themselves remain with their trains to attend to the issue of ammunition. If it should be necessary during a prolonged action to replenish the trains, the division ordnance officers will be informed where the ammunition can be obtained, and they will send for it a portion of their trains, in charge of a competent officer or non-commissioned officer, with a correct list of the kind and amount of each kind they require.

Division ordnance officers will keep themselves constantly informed of the condition of the regiments in their division, and when deficiencies in ordnance stores are found to exist they will see that requisitions are promptly made to supply them. They will, on the 15th if each month, submit for the examination of the general commanding their division, to be forwarded through corps headquarters to the chief ordnance officer at these headquarters, a report of the number, kind, and caliber of arms in each regiment of their division, and of the amount, kind, and caliber of ammunition in their trains.

Unserviceable and condemned ordnance stores, which are to be turned in, will not pass through division ordnance officers. When the companies of a regiment have such stores to turn in, they will first turn them over to the quartermaster of the regiment, who will, as will also be done in all other cases, turn them in at the ordnance depot, or send them to an arsenal, transmitting with them invoices and receipts, stating the exact condition of the stores, as shown by the inspector's report.

So much of General Orders, Numbers 152, of August 9, 1862, from headquarters Army of the Potomac, as conflicts with this order is hereby revoked.

The officer detailed as division ordnance officer will be relieved from all other duty, and will report at the headquarters of his division. He will select from the privates and non-commissioned officers of his division

