
a competent clerk and an acting ordnance sergeant, who will be detailed for extra duty by the division commander, to report to the ordnance officer.

When the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 189, of November 19, 1862, from the War Department, are not sufficient to keep in repair the arms of a brigade, the brigade commander will detail an armorer from his brigade, to report to the division ordnance officer, who will supply him with a sent of armorer's tools.

The extra-duty men thus detailed will be under the charge of the division ordnance officer, and will be borne on his extra-duty rolls.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

March 27, 1863-2.30 p. m.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER, Falmouth, Va.:

Dispatches from General Dix, Foster, and Hunter, and form the west, indicate that the rebel troops formerly under Lee are now much scattered for supplies, and for operations elsewhere. It would seem, under these circumstances, advisable that a blow be struck by the Army of the Potomac as early as practicably. It is believed that during the next few days several conflicts will take place, both south and west, which may attack the enemy's attention particularly to those points.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 19. Baltimore, Md., March 27, 1863.

The following named troops of this army corps will constitute the First Division, charged especially with the protection of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad* from Monocacy Bridge to the Ohio River, and to the command of which Brigadier General B. F. Kelley, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned;

First Brigade, Brigadier General John R. Kenly, U. S. Volunteers, commanding.-The First Regiment Maryland Volunteer Infantry, Colonel N. T. Dushane; the Fourth Regiment Maryland Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel R. N. Bowerman, commanding; the Seventh Regiment Maryland Volunteer Infantry, Colonel E. H. Webster, commanding; the Eighth Regiment Maryland Volunteer Infantry, Colonel A. W. Denison; Baltimore Battery Light Artillery, Captain F. W. Alexander; Seventeenth Battery Indiana Light Artillery, Captain Milton L. Miner; the Fourteenth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry, Colonel J. N. Schoonmaker.

Second Brigade, Brigadier General William H. Morris, U. S. Volunteers, commanding.-The Fifth Regiment Maryland Volunteer Infantry, Colonel William L. Schley; the Sixth Regiment New York Heavy Artillery, Major E. R. Travis commanding; the Fourteenth Regiment Massachusetts Heavy Artillery (four companies), Major F. A. Rolfe, commanding; Fourth Battery Maine Light Artillery, Captain O'Neil W. Robinson; de-

---------------

*See Imboden's report of expedition into West Virginia, April 20-May 14, Part I, p. 97.

---------------

