
tachment Fiftieth Regiment New York Volunteer Infantry, as engineers, Captain W. V. Personius commanding; independent company Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, as engineers, Captain Albert S. White commanding.

Third Brigade, Colonel B. F. Smith, One hundred and twenty-sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, commanding_The One hundred and twenty-sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel William H. Harlan commanding; the Fifteenth Regiment Virginia Volunteer Infantry. Colonel M. McCaslin; the One hundred and sixth Regiment New York Volunteer Infantry, Colonel E. C. James; Battery C, Sixth Regiment Virginia Volunteer Infantry, serving as artillery, Captain T. A. Maulsby; Companies A, B, C, and D, Potomac Home Brigade, Maryland Volunteer Cavalry, Major H. A. Cole.

Fourth Brigade, Colonel Jacob M. Campbell, Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding.-The First Regiment Virginia Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Joseph Thoburn: the Fifty-Fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel John P. Linton commanding; Battery E, First Virginia Volunteer Artillery, Captain A. C. Moore; Ringgold Battalion, Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry, Captain John Keys commanding; company of independent cavalry, Captain A. V. Smith; company of Washington Independent Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry, Captain A. J. Greenfield.

Fifth Brigade, Colonel James A. Mulligan, Twenty-third Illinois Volunteer Infantry, commanding.-The Twenty-third Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel James Quirk commanding; the Fourteenth Regiment Virginia Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Andrew S. Core; the Second Regiment Potomac Home Brigade, Maryland Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Robert Bruce; Mulligan's Illinois battery, Captain John Rourke.

Sixth Brigade, Colonel N. Wilkinson, Sixth Regiment Virginia Volunteer Infantry, commanding.-The Sixth Regiment Virginia Volunteer infantry, Major J. H. Showalter; the Eleventh Regiment Virginia Volunteer Infantry, Colonel D. Frost; two independent companies (exempts), Capts. R. Hamilton and Perry G. West.

By command of Major-General Schenck:

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARIETTA, OHIO,

March 27, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. CHESEBROUGH,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Middle Department, Baltimore, Md.:

SIR: Upon sending you my dispatch of 22nd instant, I also sent to headquarters Department of the Ohio a letter, a copy of which I inclose herewith,* together with copy of reply* received by me by last night's mail.

In accordance with the instructions contained in the latter, I have the honor to report to Major-General Schenck for orders. No reply has as yet been received by me from the Adjutant-General's Office at Washington to my letter referred to in the inclosed copy.

The fact that my subordinates have been reporting to other headquarters than mine for some time past makes me take the liberty of suggesting that a new order organizing the district issue from Middle

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

