
Department headquarters. The most cordial understanding exist between both General Kelley and General Scammon and myself, and both have expressed themselves desirous of reporting to these district headquarters whenever the ambiguity in former orders shall be removed.

The post at Gallipolis has always heretofore been of necessity regarded a part of the West Virginia District, even when no other point in Ohio was included, it being the supply depot for the Kanawha District, and experience there having proven that it cannot be dispensed with. A company of independent Ohio troops is the post garrison there, they being enlisted and stationed there under a special agreement between the Administration and the Governor of Ohio, that they should be permanently used for that purpose. I suppose no objection can exist to their being still regarded as part of the forces of the district under the stipulations mentioned.

If the district remains as heretofore (except the border counties of Ohio), I take the liberty of suggesting that either Parkersburg or Wheeling would be the best points for headquarters, as the communication by rail and water would make either of them practically central, and if any accident in the Shenandoah Valley should occur similar to that of last year, the communication with department headquarters would be more easy and constant by way of Pittsburgh, &amp;c.

Although I some time since made application for transfer to one of the large active columns in the field, I beg leave to assure the commanding general of my personal satisfaction in reporting to him, if the change from territorial to active field command cannot be made, and I have the honor to remain,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Major-General.

CHARLESTON, [W. VA.,]

March 28, 1863.

Colonel TOLAND,

Commanding Fayette.

Troops at Hurricane Bridge were attacked this morning by Jenkins. Enemy repulsed after four houls' fighting. Keep everything in order and ready.

E. P. SCAMMON,

Brigadier-General.

(Also to Colonel Furby, Gauley, and Colonel Paxton, Camp Piatt.)

WAR DEPARTMENT, U. S. MILITARY RAILROADS,

Washington, D. C., March 28, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Herewith you will please find copy of a letter containing instructions to A. Anderson, chief engineer of military roads of Virginia, sent him this day.

Most respectfully, &c.,

H. HAUPT,

Chief of Construction and Transportation, U. S. Mil. R. R.

