
ber 13, 1861, from the headquarters of the Army, is published for the information and government of all concerned, viz:

The insane of the military service are entitled to treatment in the Government hospital established in this city. To protect, however, their own interests, as well as those of the Government, it is prescribed by the Secretary of War that, to procure admission into the hospital, application must be made to the Adjutant-General, setting forth the name, rank, company, and regiment of the patient, with a certificate from the surgeon of the regiment as to the duration of the insanity, and whether insane before enlistment. It will likewise be accompanied by the descriptive list of the soldier, and copies of his pay and clothing accounts. The application should precede the arrival of the soldier in this city by at least one day, that the signature of the Secretary of War may be obtained to the paper authorizing admission into the hospital, and that the patient may not have to wait in the streets during that time.

On the departure of the patient from his station, the commanding officer will give such orders to the person in charge as will provide for the transportation of the necessary attendants to the institution and back again to their post, and for their subsistence, either in kind or by commutation, during their absence.

To procure the release of a patient when cured, or for delivery to his friends, application must again, be made to the Adjutant-General, who will procure the necessary authorization, and also cause a statement of his accounts to be made and delivered to him.

VIII. The following correction will be made in Paragraph I, of General Orders, Numbers 27, of March 14, 1863, from these headquarters: For the words, "his superior in command," in the next paragraph to the last of the letter from the Adjutant-General's Office, insert the words, "his successor in command."

IX. Paragraph II, of General Orders, Numbers 26, of March 13, 1863, from these headquarters, is amended by adding the following words, viz: "Except that in the case of ordnance property the three reports will be sent to the officer accountable for the property, to be used by him as vouchers to his triplicate returns."

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 85. Camp near Falmouth, March 28, 1863.

I. Brigadier General J. F. Knipe, volunteer service, will report to the commander of the Twelfth Corps for assignment to a brigade of the First Division of that corps.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Hooker:

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS, MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 20. Baltimore, Md., March 28, 1863.

The following-named troops of the Eighth Army Corps will constitute the Fourth Separate Brigade, to the command of which Brigadier General Benjamin S. Roberts is hereby assigned:

The Twenty-eighth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Colonel A. Moor; the Second Regiment Virginia Volunteer Infantry, Colonel G. R. Latham; the Third Regiment Virginia Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel F. W. Thompson commanding; the Eighth Regiment Virginia Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel John H. Oley commanding; Ewing's battery light

