
artillery; Company A, First Regiment Virginia Volunteer Cavalry, Captain Hagan; Company E, Third Regiment Virginia Volunteer Cavalry, Captain Bowen; Company E, Third Regiment Virginia Volunteer Cavalry, Lieutenant Flesher commanding; Company D, First Regiment Illinois Volunteer Cavalry, Captain Schambeck.

By command of Major-General Schenck:

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

March 29, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I send to you my aide, Captain D. P. Thruston, with several voluminous dispatches received to-night, indicating rebel movements in Western Virginia. They all rest on information from Brigadier-General Scammon, at Charleston. Instead of forwarding and abstract, I have thought it might be more satisfactory to you to hand you the original telegrams. What I gather from them is, that two movements are perhaps being made or threatened by the enemy simultaneously. One from Lewisburg, by the way of Summerville, toward the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and the other down the Big Sandy and across to the Kanawha Valley, in the rear of Scammon.

General Scammon having but few troops, and those scattered, at long intervals, as far up us Fayetteville, has been very anxious, since his force cannot be increased, to be supplied with horses, so as to move his infantry with celerity from point to point.

Can anything be done to supply him at once, or soon, with the horses he wants?

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I suppose General Burnside has been informed of these movements on the Big Sandy.

[Inclosures.]

CUMBERLAND, MD.,

March 28, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHESEBROUGH:

The following dispatch just received from General Cox. In a dispatch from General Scammon, he says:

Lewisburg information says it is intended to attack Baltimore road and Summerville by collecting men in small squads and meeting at a common rendezvous.

I don't think this very important, but send it to you that Moor may be kept watchful. I do not regard it important or reliable; nevertheless have cautioned Moor to be on the alert. There was no trouble in taking the vote in West Virginia on the 26th instant. The rebels made no raids or other demonstration.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

