
boats being fired into by several hundred rebels below Red House, on the Kanawha. General Scammon is watchful and active, but his force is, of course, mostly on the Upper Kanawha.

The Big Sandy Valley, which is the key to the Lower Kanawha region, is in charge of the Department of the Ohio, and the opening has been made by the recent retreat of the forces in Eastern Kentucky.

I have no doubt General Burnside will correct that at once, and am confident the present movement cannot be more than a petty raid.

J. D. COX,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 21. Baltimore, Md., March 29, 1863.

I. Officers and soldiers of the army of the so-called Confederate States having in many instances, by capture or by stripping the bodies of the dead, possessed themselves of uniform, clothing, and equipments of officers and soldiers of the United States, which articles of uniform they have afterward worn and used to aid them in making their way within the lines of this army, and to enable them to approach and deceive, and sometimes make prisoners of, those who did not recognize them, by reason of such disguise, as enemies, it is ordered: That hereafter any rebel officer or soldier who shall be found and taken, either within the lines or otherwise, wearing any article of clothing, or any accouterment belonging to the usual uniform of a Union officer or soldier, so as to make such rebel officer or soldier appear as an officer or soldier, so as to make such rebel officer or soldier appear as an officer or soldier of the United States, shall not be held or considered as a prisoner of war, but shall be treated and dealt with as a spy. And proof of the possession and wearing by a rebel officer or soldier of such Union uniform shall be taken to be sufficient evidence in itself of his character as a spy by any court-martial or military commission before which he may be ordered for trial.

II. Major General R. H. Milroy, commanding the Second Division of this army corps, is directed to communicate copies of this order, by flag of truce, to the commander of the rebel forces in the Valley of the Shenandoah.

By command of Major-General Schenck:

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, [W. VA.,] March 29, 1863.

Colonel HAYES, Gauley:

Cannelton is the point at which the enemy would strike, where the road comes to the river, near Ayers' works. I would like to make a stand at this point, in case of attack, and have directed Paxton to report to you as to points in the road south from there, as well as the result of reconnaissance ordered to be made from Piatt. Write freely. They could not cross the river at Cannelton if the approach should be by the other side of the river, as I suppose.

Fayetteville is safe enough, but I would like another regiment with you. It is impracticable at present.

See that the scouts are doing their duty, and I think that we will weather the storm.

E. P. SCAMMON,

Brigadier-General.

