
active part in the defense. If Redoubt Numbers 2 or Numbers 3 were attacked, the reserve should form to it right and left, under its cover, and, if the enemy were repulsed, should charge to complete his overthrow.

The guns of these works are intended to fire at the enemy's troops, not at his guns. If the enemy should at any time shell a redoubt, the garrison should cover themselves by a parapet, or, if it was certain that no enemy was near, a part might get in the ditches, returning to the work the moment the artillery fire ceased. If any assault was made, the garrison should mount on the parapet and bayonet the enemy back into the ditch.

As Redoubt Numbers 1 is isolated, and must take care of itself, it should have a good officer in command.

The commanding officer will be held responsible that the works are kept in perfect repair.

Commanding Officer, Accakeek Creek Railroad Bridge:

The Garrison for the upper redoubt will be 100 men, with two 3-inch guns; for the lower, 25 men. When not surrounded by other troops, the commanding officer must take every precaution against surprise, keeping the garrison at the works and maintaining sufficient guards and lookouts both by day and night. If the attack were in the day, an attempt would probably be made to carry the works, as it would be difficult to burn the bridge without. This attempt might be preceded be shelling. Ordinarily no reply should be made to this, as the guns are intended to fire at troops, and not to run the risk of being disabled by a superior artillery. The garrison should shelter themselves behind the parapets; or, if it is certain the enemy are not near the works, a part might get in the ditches, returning to the work the moment the artillery fire ceases. If the enemy attempts an assault, as soon as he reaches the ditches the garrison should rush on the parapet and bayonet him as he attempts to ascend.

At night the enemy might try to burn the bridge without taking the works. In this case a part of the garrison of the upper redoubt should move down to the bridge, keeping in good order, and attack the enemy, knowing the ground well. Having a secure place to fall back on, they would have enemy advantage over him. If the lower redoubt were taken, the bridge should be defended with musketry and canister from the upper.

More men can fight in these works than can well sleep in them. In case of an alarm, all railroad guards and others in the vicinity should at once rally upon the works.

The commanding officer will be held responsible that the works are kept in perfect repair.

Commanding Officer, Potomac Creek Railroad Bridge:

The garrison for the upper redoubt will be 75 men; for the lower, 75 men, with two 3-inch guns outside; for the stockade, at the south end of bridge, 50 men, and for block-house at north end, 30 men.

When not surrounded by other troops, the commanding officer must take every precaution against surprise, keeping that garrison at the works, and maintaining efficient guards and lookouts both by day and night. It the attack were in the day, an attempt would probably be made to carry the works, as it would be difficult to burn the bridge without. This attempt might be preceded by shelling. Ordinarily no reply should be made to this, as the guns are intended to fire at troops, and not to run the risk of being disabled by a superior artillery. The

