
garrison should shelter themselves behind the parapet, or, if it is certain the enemy are not near the works, a part might get in the ditches, returning the moment the artillery fire ceases. If the enemy attempts an assault, as soon as he reaches the ditches the garrison should rush on the parapet, and bayonet him as he attempts to ascend.

At night the enemy might try to burn the bridge without taking the works. In this case, a part of the garrison of the two upper redoubt should move down to the bridge, keeping in good order, and attack the enemy. Knowing the ground well, and having a secure place to fall back on, they would have every advantage over him.

A good officer should have command of the upper redoubt, which should be held to the last, as, if this were taken, it would be difficult to hold the lower. More men can fight in these works than can well sleep in them. In case of an alarm, all railroad and other guards in the vicinity should at once rally upon the works.

The commanding officer will be held responsible that the works are kept in perfect repair.

Memoranda with regard to the artillery.-The engineers ask for ten guns-six for the defenses of the landing at Aquia Creek and two for each of the railroad bridges. Should it be deemed necessary to move the guns from the works at the landing to fire across Aquia Creek, a field battery should be furnished-two sections of guns, under the captain at Redoubt Numbers 3 (Comstock's numbers), one section at Numbers 2, the caissons, stables, &amp;c., at a central position between and in rear of these.

* * * * * * *

The captain of the battery at the landing should be directed to have men properly drilled and instructed, and be required to see that the ammunition, magazines, &c., are kept complete and in good order.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ABERCROMBIE'S DIVISION,March 30, 1863-5.20 p. m.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have just received information from one of my staff, just returned from Vienna, that the scouts of the Sixth Michigan Cavalry report Stuart has arrived at Aldie this afternoon in considerable force. Colonel Gurney would like another infantry regiment at Vienna.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-And Mosby with another force on the left of him.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

March 30, 1863-11 p. m.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN,

Commanding Department of Washington:

Scouts sent out toward Goose Creek, on the Frying Pan road, have returned, and report, from intelligence received from Union citizens there,

