
MARIETTA, [OHIO,] March 30, 1863-2 p. m.

Captain E. P. FITCH,

Gallipolis:

I have a dispatch from Mr. [William H.] Tomlinson, of Point Pleasant. He is at Mr. Langley's, I suppose. See him, and, if his report is reliable, the company at Gallipolis, together with citizens who will volunteer and arm for that purpose, ought to make force enough to relieve Captain Carter before night. See Captain Smith, and, if possible, let this be done at once. I am trying to get aid from below. Send down a boat if you have one, and bring up Zeigler's regiment unless it has its hands full where it is. Sign orders by my command.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. GEN'S OFFICE,Numbers 146. Washington, March 30, 186

* * * * * * *

XI. Brigadier General J. D. Cox, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person, without delay, to Major-General Schenck, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Middle Department, for duty.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIRST ARMY CORPS,March 31, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES KINGSBURY, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that Colonel Fairchild has just returned from Lower Machodoc Creek. I inclose his report, a letter from Colonel Kress, in command of the cavalry, and some Richmond papers.* I will send up in the course of [the day] a deserter or a prisoner. He came over with a furlough, or, as he says, for the purpose of deserting; wishes to take the oath of allegiance; has friends at Georgetown; brought his family up with him.

I think that reports confirm the opinion I have hitherto expressed as to the expediency of occupying the Neck with sufficient force of infantry and cavalry to intercept contraband trade, the supplies furnished to the enemy, and receive supplies for our own army. These supplies are taken from wealthy farmers, undisguised rebels, and who are only anxious to send their crops to the enemy. This force on the Neck would give facility to deserters from the enemy, and intercept his means of procuring information from within our lines. The wealthiest region on the Neck, on the Yocimico, is yet untouched by us. If the troops of this division are not required immediately for other purposes, I respectfully recommend that an expedition be sent to that point.

I beg leave further to report that this division is fully supplied with horses and mules, and to ask where the major-general commanding desires that the animals brought up by the expedition should be turned in?

JAS. S. WADSWORTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Inclosures not found.

---------------

