SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 87. Camp near Falmouth, Va., March 31, 1863.

* * * * * * *

II. Major General O. O. Howard, U. S. Volunteers, being the senior major-general not in command of a corps, is temporarily assigned to the command of the Eleventh Corps, and will assume the duties appertaining thereto without delay.

III. Brigadier General J. Gibbon, U. S. Volunteers, will report without delay, for assignment to duty, to Major-General Couch, commanding Second Corps.

* * * * * * *

XIII. In consequence of the continued bad weather, the circular from these headquarters, dated the 24th instant, suspending, after the 1st proximo, the operation of so much of General Orders, Nos. 3 and 10, of the present year, as authorized leaves of absence and furloughs, is revoked, and leaves and furloughs may be granted as provided in those orders until otherwise directed.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., March 31, 1863-12.30 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Your orders I anticipated. I did not mean to ask for cavalry, but only to indicate what troops I find especially wanting in Western Virginia. General Scammon, I ascertain, has been desirous to mount 2,000 of his infantry; but I understood you not to approve of that sort of mongrel force. Nothing further heard. I hope we shall intercept the rebels' retreat.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, March 31, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore:

GENERAL: You are mistaken in telegram in supposing that I disapprove your mounting a portion of General Scammon's men. On the contrary, I approved your making requisitions for horses, &amp;c., for that purpose. But I think such mongrel force is very poor, and should be organized so far only as in absolutely necessary. They should, as soon as possible, be changed into cavalry or replaced by cavalry. The horses so procured can be used for that purpose. The difficulty is in procuring horse equipments and cavalry arms. Everything of this kind which we can get now must be sent west. If each army should purchase for itself, Government agents would be bidding against each other in the market.

The attention of Assistant Secretary Watson was called to the importance of giving more cavalry equipments and arms to Western Virginia several weeks ago, and he will be able to supply you as soon as other and more pressing wants are attended to.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

