
mons, after Colonel Seneca G. Simmons, Pennsylvania Volunteers (major Fourth U. S. Infantry), who was killed, June 30, 1862, at the battle of White Oak Swamp, Va.

The round fort near Great Falls turnpike to be called Fort Bayard, after Brigadier General George D. Bayard, U. S. Volunteers (captain Fourth U. S. Cavalry), who was mortally wounded, December 13, 1862, at the battle of Fredericksburg, Va.

The new fort between Forts Reno and De Russy to be called Fort Kearny, after Major General Philip Kearny, U. S. Volunteers, who was killed, September 1, 1862, at the battle of Chantilly, Va.

The battery between Forts Ripley and Mansfield, and west of Powder Mill Branch, to be called Battery Benson, after Captain Henry Benson, Second U. S. Artillery, who died August 11, 1862, of wounds received at the second engagement at Malvern Gill, Va.

The battery east of Battery Benson and Powder Mill Branch to be called Battery Bailey, after Captain Guilford D. Bailey, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Army (first lieutenant Second U. S. Artillery), who was killed, May 31, 1862, at the battle of Fair Oaks, Va.

The battery between Forts Reno and Kearny to be called Battery Rossels, after Major Nathan B. Rossell, Third U. S. Infantry, who was killed, June 27, 1862, at the battle of Gaines' Mill, Va.

The battery west of Fort De Russy to be called Battery Smead, after Captain John R. Smead, Fifth U. S. Artillery, who was killed, August 30, 1862, at the battle near Centreville, Va.

The battery on the right of Fort De Russy to be called Battery Kingsbury, after Colonel Henry W. Kingsbury, Connecticut Volunteers (first lieutenant Fifth U. S. Artillery), who was mortally wounded, September 17, 1882, at the battle of Antietam, Md.

The battery on the right bank of the Eastern Branch of the Potomac to be called Battery Jameson, after Brigadier General Charles D. jameson, U. S. Volunteers, who was in the battle of Bull Run, and who distinguished himself at the battles of Williamsburg and Fair Oaks, and died, November 6, 1862, at his house in Old Town, Me., of typhoid fever, contracted in the field.

The 100-pounder gun battery on Maddox's place to be called Battery Kemble, after the venerable Gouverneur Kemble, of Cold Spring, N. Y., formerly president of the West Point Foundry, where most of the Army and Navy heavy guns have been made.

The 100-pounder gun battery between Batteries Kemble and Cameron to be called Battery Parrott, after Robert P. Parrott, of Cold Spring, N. Y., formerly a captain of ordnance, U. S. Army, and the inventor of the Parrott gun.

The battery in advance of Fort Blenker, to be called Battery Garesche, after Lieutenant Colonel Julius P. Garesche, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Army, who was killed, December 31, 1862, at the battle of Murfreesborough, Tenn.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 2, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

MY DEAR SIR: I send you our last advices from Richmond. The papers contained but little news. Lieutenant-General Longstreet was

