
on the opposite side of the river night before last. It is reported that his command is returning. Shall know the fact, if it be so, to-day. The transfer of troops to Lee's army will afford a solution of the report that the enemy is evacuating Richmond, which will never be until he is compelled to. Why is not the Second Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers on its way back?

Very truly, yours,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 35. Camp near Falmouth, Va., April 2, 1863.

I. In pursuance of instructions which have been received from the War Department, there will be a general muster of all the troops serving in this army on the 10th instant, and the muster-rolls will be immediately thereafter sent to the Adjutant-General of the Army, for the use of the Provost-Marshal-General in making drafts to fill up regiments and batteries to the proper complement.

II. Accounts for Company savings should be forwarded to the Commissary-General of Subsistence, at Washington, D. C. When such accounts are made out as required by the regulations, and the commissaries signing the certificates to them have taken up the stores on their return, payment will be made. The envelopes containing the accounts, besides having the usual direction, must be indorsed "company savings."

III. Application for the return of absent officers and men must be accompanied by separate lists of those who are at different stations or places.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WINCHESTER, VA.,

April 2, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK,

Baltimore:

I have just received a message from General Elliott, at Lost River, 5 miles beyond Wandensville. He found the river too high to cross with his infantry and artillery. Sent on a regiment of cavalry toward Moorefield. Says he cannot cross his infantry and artillery without bridging, and he has not tools to build a bridge, I think before he can cross, Jones will have escaped. What do you say to having Elliott go from Wardensville to Woodstock, then up the Valley to Harrisonburg, to head Jones off? I think it would be best to turn Leopole over to the civil authorities of Maryland. A hall I do so?

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

April 2, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

If your troops have arrived at Parkersburg, please direct them to push forward by the railroad toward Clarksburg, clearing the road of guerrillas who may be engaged interrupting communications, and advancing as far, if possible, as New Salem, where there is an important

