
crossing, and where they may communicate with and support General Roberts, who is at Clarksburg, and has been joined by General Kenly's brigade from Harper's Ferry, and have troops enough to engage the division-I think the combined forces of the rebels, Imboden, [W. L.] Jackson, and Jones-who have made a junction 6 miles south of him.

I am occupying and working the road as far west as Grafton.

The rebel force which was at Morgantown, and is, I still believe, never very large, has gone, I think, with Jones by way of Fairmont to the neighborhood of Clarksburg.

I have been endeavoring to allay the wild panic in Clyde and at Wheeling, and to have them advance what troops they can toward Morgantown and Grafton.

SCHENCK,

Major-General.

APRIL 3, 1863.

Information relative to the command of General David R. [William E.] Jones, at present reported to be in the Valley.

The following information was obtained from a deserter last February:

That Brigadier-General Jones commends in the Valley of the Shenandoah, his force consisting of two small regiments of infantry, three small regiments of cavalry, one battery of artillery, and the Maryland battalion of infantry.

At Woodstock there was a force of cavalry about 300 strong. At Edenburg General Jones has his headquarters, with his infantry and artillery. The remaining force of cavalry is at Mount Jackson.

[E. V.] White's battalion was at New Market, and six companies in Harrisonburg.

the above was the distribution of General Jones' forces last February, and is very reliable. From later information, we are enabled to give the organization of General Jones' forces more fully.

Infantry: First Maryland Battalion [cavalry], White [Ridgely Brown] commanding; Forty-fourth Virginia Regiment, Maryland Line [First Maryland Infantry].

Cavalry: Sixth Virginia Regiment; Seventh Virginia Regiment; Twelfth Virginia Regiment.

It is reported that he has a few other regiments or battalions of Virginia cavalry, all of which are small.

Artillery: Baltimore Light Artillery.

This comprises all the reliable information we have concerning General Jones' command.

Respectfully submitted.

GEO. H. SHARPE,

Department Provost-Marshal-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 8, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, through headquarters of the Army, for the information of the major-general commanding Defenses of Washington. It is believed that some dependence can be placed upon the information contained within, collected from scouts and spies employed in this army.

DANL. BUTTERFIALD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

