
have the utmost confidence, and I believe he is doing more effective service now on the bank of the Lower Potomac than has ever been accomplished by any officer in charge of that district before him.

Copies of the two letters of Brigadier-General Lockwood, mentioned in the above report of Major-General Schenck, are herewith transmitted.*

Very respectfully, yours,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

April 7, 1863-10.50 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

General Scammon telegraphs of our pursuit of the rebels on the Kanawha that Captain Dove, Second Virginia Cavalry, returned to Coalsmouth yesterday with 34 prisoners and same number of horses. He had also destroyed between 75 and 100 stand of arms of the enemy. No further particulars.+ Jenkins reported to be at Salt Rock, on the Guyandotte, with 800 men.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

SUFFOLK, April 7, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Commanding Army of the Potomac, Falmouth:

Answered your communication.++ Just examined a man who left Petersburg on Wednesday; confirms my previous information. Longstreet moving troops this way last week.

JOHN. J. PECK,

Major-General.

BUCKHANNON, VA.,

April 7, 1863.

GOVERNOR OF WESTERN VIRGINIA:

I have the honor to send you a letter I thought proper to address to the loyal citizens of the counties embraced in my command.&amp; If you see any merit in the organization I propose to them, it may be well for you to indorse the recommendation, and make it general and uniform throughout the State. A determined will on the part of the people to aid in this way (the army) in destroying the outlaws now busy in planning their system of brigandage, will have a great moral effect. If the pretending neutrals see that the people are rising and organizing to make war upon them, I am undoubting in my convictions that their atrocious schemes will at once be abandoned, and comparative quiet will be restored to your new State.

If this address meets your approval, you will oblige me by sending

---------------

*See inclosures to third indorsement, pp. 125, 136.

+See Part I, p. 79.

++See peck to Hooker, April 4, p. 190.

&Not found.

---------------

