
them, and that is that the measures I propose have become now a necessity. That is my undoubted conviction.

But I beg to suggest to the general commanding that this policy should receive his sanction by a general order that shall make it uniform throughout Western Virginia, and if such order should emanate at Washington, its execution and effect would be still more beneficial.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-Genera, Commanding.

CAMP NEAR HOPE LANDING,

April 8, 1863.

Colonel CLENDENIN,

Eighth Illinois Cavalry:

COLONEL: Colonel Chapman, commanding pickets, reports a company of rebel cavalry in the vicinity of Brentsville. The colonel commanding the brigade directs that, in accordance to the detail for pickets, you send a squadron to-morrow morning, under an energetic officer, to scout in that vicinity, and to endeavor to capture them. The squadron should not be gone more than two or three days, and, after reporting the result of the scout to the officer commanding pickets, to return to camp.

The officer commanding pickets, if called upon to do so, will furnish an escort to the telegraph operator at Dumfries, to protect working parties on the line from that place to Occoquan.

Instruct him, also, to be on the lookout, for it is about time Stuart was making another raid. If he thinks his force insufficient, direct him to report to that effect.

Very respectfully,

E. B. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Brigade.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 39. Camp near Falmouth, Va., April 8, 1863.

I. Each purveyor, desiring to obtain Government transportation from Washington to this army for his supplies, will apply, with the approved list prescribed in Clause 3, Paragraph VIII, of General Orders, Numbers 10, of February 7, 1863, from these headquarters, to First Lieutenant C. D. Mehaffey, First U. S. Infantry, who is hereby appointed inspector of purveyors' supplies for the Army of the Potomac. This officer will be posted at Washington, at such convenient place as may be assigned him by the Quartermaster's Department. He will carefully inspect each package, and, if satisfied that it contains nothing not borne on the approved list, will place upon it a label denoting that it has been inspected and approved for transportation. The Quartermaster's Department will furnish transportation to purveyors for all packages so approved, when it can be done without detriment to the service, and to none others.

II. The lists aforesaid will be made in triplicate; will state in precise terms the quantity of each species of goods ordered, and will be accompanied by the original orders calling for the same. The items on

