
these lists will be numbered, and opposite each item will be placed the name of the officer ordering it. No list, wherein the provisions of this order are not complied with, will be approved at these headquarters.

III. Purveyors, in putting up their packages, will mark each package with numbers corresponding to the numbers of the items contained therein, as borne on their approved lists, so as to be enabled to tell, if called upon, the contents of each package.

IV. Misrepresentation to the inspector as to the contents of a package, or any attempt to evade the inspection herein provided for, will be punished but forfeiture of purveyorship and confiscation of the goods.

V. No officer's name will be placed on any package, but each will be marked distinctly with the numbers aforesaid, the purveyor's name, and the point to which government transportation is desired.

VI. No orders for supplies will be given to any purveyor by an officer, unless in good faith, and for the personal use of the officer or his mess.

VI. No orders for supplies will be given to any purveyor by an officer, unless in good faith, and for the personal use of the officer or his mess.

VII. While the army remains in its present position, no passes for sutlers or purveyors to points beyond Aquia Creek will be granted, except by the provost-marshal-general. These passes will expire with the trip for which they are given, and will be taken up on the return of the party to whom they are granted.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,

Numbers 17. April 8, 1863.

I. No passes whatever will be respected to cross or recross the lines of this department on the south side of the Potomac.

II. Should any persons be permitted to pass the lines, they will be accompanied by a military escort.

By command of Major-General Heintzelman:

C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

April 10, 1863.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

Having learned that the recommendations of the general officers commanding corps in this army for the appointments on their respective staffs authorized by law cannot be favorably considered until the corps commanders themselves have been regularly designated by the President, I respectfully request that the President will be pleased to confirm the following selections with as little delay as practicable:

First Corps, Major General John F. Reynolds; Second Corps, Major General D. N. Couch; Third Corps, Major General D. E. Sickles; Fifth Corps, Major General George G. Meade; Sixth Corps, Major General John Sedgwick; Eleventh Corps, Major General O. O. Howard; Twelfth Corps, Major General H. W. Slocum; Cavalry Corps, Major General George Stoneman.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

