
let us have the newspapers. I sincerely trust that you reached home safely and in good time yesterday. We all look back to your visit with great satisfaction.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 12, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER:

Your letter, by the hand of General Butterfield, is received, and will be conformed to. The thing you dispense with would have been ready but midday to-morrow.

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,April 12, 1863.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you will move with the entire effective force of your division (with pack and supply trains) at 7 a. m. to-morrow, reporting the arrival of the head of your column at these headquarters, where you will receive further instructions. The regiment which you were notified to hold in readiness to scout the Lower Rappahannock will be instructed to be kept constantly on the move, keeping up as decided a show of force as possible, and the commander of it will report for instructions to the headquarters Army of the Potomac.

Corps headquarters to-morrow night will be at Spotted Tavern, where you will send, on you arrival at your designated camp, a staff officer, with a small escort, for further instructions.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,April 12, 1863.

Brigadier-General GREGG:

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions from headquarters Army of the Potomac, the major-general commanding directs that you keep the regiment you have as picket, moving so as to produce as much show as possible, in order to prevent communications across the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff.

CAMP NEAR HOPE LANDING,

April 12, 1863.

Captain COHEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report my brigade ready to move to-morrow morning, in compliance with orders, excepting the Eighth

