
General Ovarial will cross with his division at Beverly Ford, followed by General Gregg, with his division. General Buford, with his Reserve Brigade will cross at the ford in the vicinity of the Rappahannock railroad bridge simultaneously with General Avarell. As soon as General Ovarial and General Buford are across the river, and both have formed their commands a short distance beyond the river, Avarell will push on to Culpeper Court-House, keeping to the right of the railroad, if possible to transport his artillery, or, if there is no road leading along the right and near the railroad, then by the nearest road. Gregg will cross the river as soon after Ovarial as possible, and follow him, well closed up on his rear.

If there should be a route practicable for artillery, and running parallel to the route pursued by Avarell, Buford will follow it, provided it does to the route pursued by Ovarial, Buford will follow it, provided it does not lead too far to the left. If there is no such route, the artillery of Buford will be sent to the rear of Gregg, and the Reserve Brigade will march through the country, irrespective of roads, keeping at such a distance from Avarell as to give room for Avarell to from his division front into line of battle. Avarell will move on the direction of the enemy, who is supposed to be a mile or so this side of Culpeper Court-House. In case Avarell comes upon the enemy, Gregg will from his division at once, and hold it in readiness to move to the right of Avarell's division, and Buford will act, looking to the left, and Davis will endeavor to turn the enemy's left flank. If the enemy is encountered, he will be attacked at once and with the utmost vigor, pouring in upon him every available man, excepting a limited in each command.

Colonel Rush, commanding Lancers, Will report in person at daylight, April 15, to these headquarters, for special service.

The major-general commanding expects to be kept informed of all that may be deemed by commanding expect to be kept informed of all that may be deemed by commanding officers as important, and commanding officers will keep themselves posted as to what is transpiring on their right and left.

Corps headquarters will be, after to-night, with headquarters Gregg's division, until further orders.

By command of General Stoneman:

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Inspector-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 103. Camp near Falmouth, Va., April 13, 1863.

---------------

* * * * *

---------------

XIV. Brigadier General S. K. Zook, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to command of the Third Brigade, First Division, Second Corps.

---------------

* * * * *

---------------

XVI. Brigadier General R. B. Ayres is assigned to the command of the Artillery Reserve, and will enter upon duty accordingly, with as little delay as practicable.

XVII. Brigadier General T. H. Runer will report to Major General H. W. Slocum, commanding Twelfth Corps, for assignment to a brigade in that corps.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

