
D. N. Couch; Third Corps, Major General D. E. Sickles; Fifth Corps, Major General George G. Meade; Sixth Corps, Major General, John Sedgwick; Eleventh Corps, Major General O. O. Howard; Twelfth Corps, Major General H. W. Slocum; Cavalry Corps, Major General George Stoneman.

By orders of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assisted Adjutant-General.

KELLY'S FORD, VA.,

April 15, 1863-8 a. m.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

Soon after sending you my second dispatch of yesterday, the cavalry and battery under General Buford left this place. No firing has occurred since that time. only two signal lights of the enemy were observed during the night.

This morning I received the inclosed order from Major-General Stoneman.

The order was intended to reach me before daybreak, but the orderly having lost his way, it was not handed to me before 7.30 o'clock. As the order stated that I should make the demonstration at daybreak, and having head no firing above, and thinking that our cavalry had not crossed, I deemed it useless to make the demonstration at this late hour.

I immediately dispatcher my adjutant to headquarters of Major-General Stoneman, at Bealeton, to examine into the state of affairs, and to receive further orders.

I also requested that General Stoneman would send me a squad of cavalry to patrol the bank of the river below the ford (which is done at present by infantry), and to keep open the communication between his headquarters and this point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BUSCHBECK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,April 14, 1863.

Colonel BUSCHBECK,

Comd. Brigade, Eleventh Corps, opposite Kelly's Ford:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding desires that as soon as the cavalry shall have crossed the river to-morrow morning, you direct the regiment of your brigade now at the Rappahannock railroad bridge to rejoin you at Kelly's Ford. After it has joined you, you will send one regiment back to Morrisville, to guard your right and rear and protect the wagon train which will be left at that point. At early draw to morrow morning, the major-general commanding desires you to make a vigorous demonstration at Kelly's Ford so as to induce the enemy to believe that you intend crossing at that point. Extend your pickets well down the rives, so as to prevent the enemy crossing below and cutting you off. If you are directed by headquarters of the army to evacuate Kelly's Fort, the major-general commanding desires that

Not found.

