
quarters with a dispatch containing a full account of movements up to that hour. I also sent one 8 a. m. to-day, whom, I presume, has arrived ere this.

The adjutant sent to General Stoneman for instructions brought me the order to remain here until further orders. on account of the bad weather, no crossing has been attempted as yet (by the cavalry). No trains is at Rappahannock Station, but the Twenty-ninth New York are still to remain there to guard the bridge. Though rather uncomfortably quartered, the men are in very good spirits. If we should remain here longer that to-morrow, I shall endeavor to draw rations ad forage from the train at Morrisville. Should I not succeed, I shall forage on the country. For all provisions thus taken receipts will be given.

I would have always sent two orderlies with each dispatch had not my number been so limited. Hereafter I shall be able to do so, as General Stoneman has sent me a detachment agreeably to my request.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BUSCHBECK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

P. S.-Should you not have received dispatch of last evening and this morning, I herewith repeat the principal facts.

We arrived here at 3 p. m., April 14. Sent Twenty-ninth New York to Rappahannock Station to guard bridge and train. General Buford, stationed with his brigade at Kelly's Ford, left soon after our arrival. Was ordered by General Stoneman to make a demonstration here at daybreak, but the orderly having lost his way, did not arrive until 8 a. m. As the cavalry did not attempt to cross as expected, it is better that the demonstration was not made.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF ENGINEER OF DEFENSES,Washington, April 15, 1863.

Major General S. S. P. HEINTZELMAN, Commanding Department, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I herewith send you the sketch of the south side of the Potomac (with forts, batteries, rifle-pits, &c.), alluded to in my letter of the 31st ultimo.

In reference to the Defenses of Washington, it should be borne in mind that under this head are included many things not strictly connecter with the defense of Washington itself.

For example, it is necessary to hold Alexandria, and this quite independently of the defense of Washington. This extends our lines over 6 miles, and adds heavily to the number of men required for the defense.

Again, the Chain Bridge held for purposes independent of the defense of Washington, requiring several thousand men to hold it.

The holding of the Chain Bridge, and the protection of the reservoir of the Washington Aqueduct it necessary to advance the left of our line north of the Potomac to the position of Forts Alexander, Franklin, and Ripley, lengthening the and requiring strong works at this point.

Again the position of two great public establishments, viz, the navy yard and arsenal, on the Eastern Branch, compels us to hold the crest of the chain of heights, 6 miles long, south of the Eastern Branch.

Were it not for these establishments, we might abandon these heights

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

