
and make the Eastern Branch itself our defensive line, simply constructing a few batteries along its northern bank, from Fort Lincoln down to the navy-yard.

These matters should be understood as explanatory of the very large force it requires for the Defenses of Washington to resist a powerful attack.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient,

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier-General, Chief Engineer.

BUCKHANNON, VA.,

April 15, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Baltimore, Md.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report, for the information of the commanding general of the department, the following changes in the disposition of the forces of my command: The four companies of the Eighth [West] Virginia Infantry, that formed part of the garrison of this post, Colonel Oley commanding, I have sent to Beverly; the Twenty-Eighth Ohio and one company of cavalry is quite sufficient for all purposes here. The three companies of the Third [West] Virginia Infantry that formed part of the garrison at Bulltown i have sent to Sutton, with instructions to the commanding officer there to move one or more of them, according to his discretion, on the mouth of Birch River, an important ford. the two companies at Centerville seemed to me occupying an unimportant point, and I have sent them to strengthen Bulltown, that, by these changes, has five companies of the Eighth [West] Virginia Infantry as a garrison. I apprehend no serious movement of any considerable force of the enemy from the direction of Lewisburg or Franklin, but I thought it better to have more concentration of strength toward both of these points, keeping at Bulltown and this place a reserve that could move rapidly to Beverly or Sutton, should there be any necessity.

The entire Third [West] Virginia Infantry now hold Sutton and its approaches, and cover Weston. five companies of the Eighth support the Third at Bulltown.

The entire Second, and five companies of the Eighth, hold Beverly and its approaches, partially covering Grafton and Clarksburg.

Two sections of Ewing's battery are at Beverly. The entire Twenty-eighth is here in reserve, covering Clarksburg from all directions in front, and can move to support Beverly of Sutton.

Company D, First Regiment Illinois Cavalry, is stationed here good condition. Its strength, 75.

Company A, First Regiment [West] Virginia Cavalry, is at Beverly and the company of Ohio cavalry, ordered recently to report to me, left here this morning to report to the commanding officer of the same post. That will give Colonel Latham, commanding there, 150 cavalry.

Company E, Third Regiment [West] Virginia Cavalry, is at Sutton, 80 strong. The unorganized company of cavalry (Lieutenant Flesher), now at Parkersburg, will be sent to Sutton on reporting for duty.

The aggregate strength of this brigade, including the Ohio cavalry that reported yesterday, is about 3,050.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

