
picket from April 12, 1863, to April 15, 1863; that his command had strict orders not to communicate with the enemy, and that, to his knowledge, they did not. That on April 12 it was reported to him that one of the enemy's pickets called over to know what would be done with one of them who had deserted to us the night before, and if he would be forced into our army; that in reply one of our men shook his head, and the man then said he would come over himself. That on April 13, Lieutenants Bates and Beveridge, Second Rhode Island Volunteers, report to him that early that morning Mr. Pollock told team that our cavalry had moved, and that Surgeon Wyncoop had told him so. This was the first I knew of it. Captain Halsted, of Major-General Sedgwick's staff, informed me about five hours afterward that the cavalry had been withdrawn from our left, and we must look for ourselves.

It reported to me that on the night of April 13 a captain of the Second Rhode Island Volunteers challenged a men approaching the outposts from our lines, but that the man escaped back.

On April 14, it was reported to me that the enemy's picket called cross the river that the paymaster had come, meaning for us. This was report to me not over fifteen minutes after I had heard from camp that the paymaster had arrived. the same day (April 14) they called across that "you need not be so still; we know all about it; you have got orders to move." This was provoked by one of our officer breaking up a small boat sent across to us, and his arresting one of our men apparently about sending back one in return. The same day, after some officers had ridden along the enemy's picket line, they called out that it was Stonewall Jackson and assistant adjutant-general.

On Monday, April 13, they called out that our cavalry had moved.

This was after it had been reported to me that Surgeon Wynkoop had told Pollock. The reports made to me I fully believe.

HENRY C. JENCKES,

Major Second Rhode Island Volunteers.

[Indorsements.]

APRIL 16, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding the corps. This statement of Major Jenckes indicates that important information concerning movements is even now smuggled over to the enemy.

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General, Commanding Third Division.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,April 17, 1863.

Report forwarded for the information of the provost-marshal-general.

JOHN SEDGWICK,

Major-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

April 22, 1863.

Respectfully returned to headquarters with accompanying [following report.

M. R. PATRICK,

Provost-Marshal-General.

