
dition. It was supposed that your pack-mules would furnish a sufficient amount of transportation for your purposes.

The general fears your artillery is so strong that it will detract from the rapidity of yours movements. He desires that you will use your discretion in returning to camp such portions of it as will embarrass you.

Since sending you dispatches with regard to supplies, intelligence has reached here of you train being en route for supplies. the trains will meet at Hartwood, and your train will be loaded, and return from there.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR RAPPAHANNOCK BRIDGE,

April 17, 1863-7 a. m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Third Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you send out scouting parties in the direction of Warrenton, sending a squadron or more, if you think necessary, to Warrenton and the neighboring country, sending prompt information of all movements. The general commanding desires me to say that too much leniency has been shown to bushwhackers, and that the command is becoming encumbered with prisoners. He desires you to give such instructions to the officers in charge of your scouting and picket parties as in your opinion will tend to obviate these difficulties.

He also desire that you send one squadron of the First Maryland Cavalry to report to Captain Elbert, aide-de-camp, for messenger duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AQUIA CREEK, April 17, 1863.

Colonel RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Colonel Candy informs me that of 1,027 men sent to relieve him, only 75 have carbines. They have not yet relieved his pickets.

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General. U. S. Volunteers.

U. S. STEAMER ANOCOSTIA,

April 17, 1863.

Lieutenant Commander SAMUEL MAGAW,

Commanding First Division, Potomac Flotilla:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that, according to your instructions of the 15th instant, I proceeded up the Rappahannock River in company with the U. S. Steamer Dragon, Acting Master Hill commanding. We arrived at Bristow Mines too late to proceed any father with safety, and anchored. From reliable information, we found that the enemy were in strong force, and with heavy batteries from Port Tobago (4 miles above us) up to Fredericksburg; also that General Jackson

