
commands the enemy below Fredericksburg. Three hundred of the enemy's cavalry crossed the river above Bristow Mines on last Sunday evening, and remained two days, expecting to cut off some of our cavalry. There is a line of new intrenchments below Layton's, and a rebel regiment of cavalry, under Colonel Crutchfield, 2 miles back. From information, I considered it prudent to drop down below Leeds during the night, as we had attracted the attention of the enemy and spread the report that we were coming in force. During our passage up the river (110 miles) and down, we did not receive any shots, although they had everything prepared to cut us off at or about Layton's, if we had remained a few hours longer. I am convinced that squads of the enemy's cavalry cross the river above and below Bristow Mines almost daily. From Jones' Bluff and all the way up the river we saw numerous army wagons.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON PROVOST,

Acting Master, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ABERCROMBIE'S DIVISION,

Numbers 1. April 17, 1863.

In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 58, headquarters Department of Washington, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the division heretofore commanded by Major-General Casey.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE.

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ART. DEFENSES OF ALEXANDRIA,

Numbers 29. Near Fort Ward, Va., April 17, 1863.

I. The Second New York Heavy Artillery, Fourth New York Heavy Artillery, and Sixteenth Virginia Volunteers, are hereby temporarily attached to the command of Colonel Tannatt.

II. This command will hereafter be designated as the "Defenses of Washington South of the Potomac."

By order of Brigadier General Robert O Tyler:

E. L. KINNEY,

Second Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

BUCKHANNON,

April 17, 1863.

Colonel W. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Baltimore, Md.:

I have received the following telegrams:

CHARLESTON, April 16, 1863.

Brigadier-General ROBERTS:

It is reported that the Twenty-second Regiment moved from Lewisburg on Monday toward Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

E. P. SCAMMON,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

* The regiment composing Abercrombie's division, March 30, viz, Twenty-second Connecticut Fortieth Massachusetts, One hundred and twenty-seventh, One hundred and forty-first, One hundred and forty-second, One hundred and forty-third, and One hundred and forty-fourth New York, and Eleventh Rhode Island, were transferred, April 15, to the Seventh Army Corps.

---------------

