
as here suggested. The movement, if made, should be prompt and rapid, so as to force the enemy to give up all attempts upon Suffolk and Norfolk.

Please inform me by telegraph whether you adopt my views, but without stating what they are.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FORT MONROE, VA.,

April 18, 1863. (Received 1.30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Your dispatch, by Lieutenant Beaumont, is received. I have long been in favor of occupying the point referred to. Will write fully by mail. May go to Suffolk to-day. It is closely invested. I was up to the enemy's batteries on the Nansemond yesterday. They have reopened the railroad from the Blackwater, and are redoubling their efforts. One gunboat was disabled yesterday.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 18, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I am informed by Commander Magaw that three of his gunboats are order to Newport News. i desire to know how long these boats will be absent, and also if the fleet under Commander McCrea is still at my disposal for purposes of co-operation.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., April 18, 1863-1.30 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER, Falmouth, Va.:

The appointment of Colonel Paul as brigadier has been ordered, and will be sent to your headquarters to-morrow. The two gunboats were ordered away by the Navy Department in ignorance of your design. The order has been countermanded, and, if you need them, they will be sent back immediately. The fleet under Commander McCrea is at your disposal. Admiral Harwood, at the navy-yard, has also been ordered to co-operate with you, and send you everything of the Potomac fleet that is available.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

APRIL 18, 1863-3.05 p. m.

Honorable E. m. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I do not require the two gunboats just now, and will give you timely notice when I need them.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

