
WASHINGTON, D. C.,

April 18, 1863-9.30 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER:

The President will leave here for Aquia to see you to-morrow (Sunday) morning at 7 o'clock, expecting to reach there about 10 a. m. Can you meet him there?

EDWIN M. STANTON.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 18, 1863.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

We have the Richmond Whig of Friday, the 17th. it contains the following article:

FROM SUFFOLK.

The Petersburg Express of yesterday has a report, said to have been obtained thought a courier from General Longstreet's headquarters, that Suffolk was completely invested by our forces ion Tuesday evening; that the tracks of the Seaboard and Norfolk Railroad,in rear of Suffolk, had been torn up, pontoons had been thrown across the Nansemond River, and eligible positions occupied for our heavy guns in the event of any attack by the enemy's gunboats.

The Express further states that the heavy firing heard Tuesday was occasioned by the opposition the enemy offered to our marching upon his read. Our casualties are report at 34 wounded. It is said that we lost several killed, but no definite number has been mentioned. Another report is that we have encountered two of the enemy's gunboats on the Nansemond River; that one of them was destroyed and the other retreated in a crippled condition.

Passengers, not always reliable, mention a rumor that the Irish Yankee General Corcoran was killed on Tuesday last in an engagement near Suffolk. We have no official confirmation of any these reports, thought there is reason to believe that the investment of Suffolk is a fact accomplished.

This is all the paper contains in reference to Suffolk; but the following is written in lead pencil on the margin, and was probably written by one Confederate for the infirmation of another:

An extra of the Richmond Dispatch, received last night, confirms the report of the capture and occupation of Suffolk by General Longstreet, and death of the Yankee General Corcoran.

I will send the paper up in the morning.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

April 18, 1863.

Commanding Officer, Eleventh Corps:

The major-general commanding is unofficially informed that the brigade of your command at Kelly's Ford has drawn supplies from General Stoneman. If true, this would interfere very seriously with the operations pending. You were advised on the-instant to keep your command supplied there. The major-general commanding directs that you send out immediately supplies to replace those drawn from the cavalry, both of forage and subsistence.

General Stoneman has been furnished with a copy of this dispatch, and will expect these supplies to be furnished without delay. The major-general commanding desires to be informed whether his order has

