
BALTIMORE, April 19, 1863-11.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General ROBERTS, Buckhannon, Va.:

General Scammon telegraphed last night that the Twenty-second [Virginia] rebel regiment would strike our lines 50 or 60 miles east of Summerville. If the enemy advance, it will probably be not for direct attack on you, but to see if he cannot get through to the rebels. What I expect would be rather a cavalry raid toward the railroad, keeping his infantry in your front, but I cannot believe they have as large a force as Colonel represents, nor the means of moving against you in such numbers. I would re-enforce any command with artillery and cavalry, if possible, but I cannot, and General Halleck says we must do with what we have. I have instructed General Kelley to have Wilkinson support you from the railroad as far as he can with his little force at Clarksburg. I came from Washington last night.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK.

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, [April-,] 1863-10 p. m.

General ROBERTS:

General Scammon reports the enemy at Raleigh, under Jenkins, 3,000 men; Jones and Imboden at Lewisburg, 5,000 men; Echols, 2,000; in all, 10,000 men. The general commanding directs that you throw forward all the force you can to Summerville, to create a division if possible.

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH.

BALTIMORE, April 19, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I send Brigadier-General Lockwood to Washington, to confer with you, and through you with the Secretary of the Navy, with a view to having some immediate orders given that will prevent conflict of authority and possible collision between the military and naval forces guarding the Lower Potomac and the inlets and mouths of the rivers opening into Chesapeake Bay and the Patuxent and Potomac Rivers.

I request you to give him an interview for this purpose. It is a subject that requires prompt attention. General lockwood will explain to you the difficulties that have arisen between his command and some of the Navy officers. He will also exhibit to you a correspondence which he has had upon the subject.

In this connection I beg leave to refer you also to papers and communications which I have heretofore in relation to the conduct of officers of the flotilla, and to my indorsoments thereon.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

DUMFRIES, April 20, 1863.

Major-General SLOCUM:

Everything on the road will, if possible, be with you to-morrow at 12 m.

CHAS. CANDY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

