HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., ELEVENTH CORPS,Kelly's Ford, April 20, 1863-4 p. m.

Major-General HOWARD, Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: This afternoon I received the inclosed order. The portion relating to my command was immediately complied with. As it appears the cavalry are to leave this neighborhood, I have taken extra precaution to prevent surprise.

We have the countersign only up to to-day, and would respectfully request that we may be supplied for the days following. The train announced to have started on the 18th instant has not yet arrived. The delay may be on account of bad roads.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BUSCHBECK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF POTOMAC,

Numbers 10. April 20, 1863.

This command will move at once. Davis will move to near the mouth of Carter's Run (Waterloo Bridge), and push patrols to the direction of the mountains and to his rear.

Avarell will move to the vicinity of Sulphur Springs, and connect with and picket up to Davis.

Gregg will follow Avarell, take a position on Avarell's left, and picket down to Lawson's Ford (near Foxville).

Buford will move to Lawson's Ford (near Foxville), relieving the pickets along the river, as he advances up, by men from his brigade.

Each commander will endeavor to mask his movements from the enemy as much as possible, both in advancing and in encamping, and will, upon the arrival of his command at the point herein designated, send a staff officer to these headquarters, which, for the night, will be on the road from Sulphur Springs to Warrenton.

Rush will encamp on the Warrenton and Sulphur Springs road, in rear of the corps headquarters.

The commanding officer at Kelly's Ford will send 200 infantrymen to guard the railroad bridge and Beverly Ford.

Everything not taken along, as per circular of yesterday, will be sent to the rear.

The commanding general expects to be kept thoroughly informed in regard to everything that transpires by frequent messengers or dispatches.

By command of Major-General Stoneman:

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

April 20, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I have the honor to inclose herewith, for your information, my last advices from Major-General Stoneman. They are as late as 9 o'clock last night, and will explain themselves. General Stoneman seems to be warming up to his position.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

