
VII. This order, as well as the following order from the War Department, will be read at the head of each company of the two years' and nine-months' regiments serving this army.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,

Numbers 85. Washington, D. C., April 2, 1863.

The following is an extract from the " Act for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes," approved March 3, 1863.

SEC. 18. And be it further enacted, That such of the volunteers and militia now in the service of the United States as may re-enlist to serve one year, unless sooner discharged, after the expiration of the present term of service, shall be entitled to a bounty of $50, one-half of which to be paid upon such re-enlistment and the balance at the expiration of the term of re-enlistment; and such as may re-enlist to serve for two years, unless sooner discharged, after the expiration of their present term of enlistment, shall receive, upon such re-enlistment, &amp;25 of the $100 bounty for enlistment provided by the fifth section of the act approved July 22, 1861, entitled, " An act to authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting the public property."

In addition to the benefits as set forth in the foregoing, it is hereby ordered that each soldier now in service who may re enlist as therein provided immediately after his re-enlistment.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

April 20, 1863.

Commanding Officer, First Corps:

The commanding general directs that you cause the canvas pontoon train, now at Belle Plain, to be mounted of running gear of some of your wagons, and a small detachment of infantry to march with it to Port Conway, the troops to march without their knapsack, with a supply of provision sufficient to last them until their return, which must be by to-morrow in the night. The object of this demonstration is to draw the enemy's force in that direction. While apparently endeavoring to colonel their train, they will let just enough be seen to betray the movement.

The commanding general has reliable information that there are not more that from 100 to 150 troops in Port Royal. If any spirited regiment will volunteer to go there in boats and capture this party, the general requests that they may be permitted to do so. The troops which move will keep their supply of provision in knapsacks, and the supply ready to be cooked and put in haversacks in camp, so that they will be ready for a move immediately upon their return. it would be well to conceal from the troops the object of their movements down the river. The pontoons weight but 800 pounds.

To-night would be a splendid night for the execution of the movement for the capture of the force at Port Royal.

Very respectfully, &c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

