
CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

April 20, 1863.

Brigadier-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

The major-general commanding directs me to furnish you with the following extract from the circular issued by General Stoneman, commanding the Cavalry Corps:

All men and animals not capable of performing long and rapid marches, day and night, will be assorted out and sent to rear, with instructions to report to Brigadier General A Pleasonton.

The general desires that preparations may be made to receive such men as report under this order, to assign them to their depots, to put them in condition immediately for active operations.

I am directed to say to you that it is considered of the first importance that the various depots to which the dismounted cavalry have been assigned at Dumfries, Stafford, Aquia Belle Plain, should be under the control of the most through, efficient, and able officers in your command; that the utmost energy should be displayed in getting the commands in a state of organization and discipline and effectiveness, that there may be no failure in the important trust which has been conferred upon them. The commanding general desires that you will give personal supervision, visiting these different posts, ascertaining in what manner the orders are being executed, and correcting any evils that may exist.

General Slocum has been directed to leave a regiment of infantry at Dumfries, with the battery and dismounted cavalry, until such time as all the cavalry can be armed. It is expected that horses will be rapidity sent forward for the dismounted men.

General Stoneman, in his report this morning, mentions the capture of the commanders of the Black House Cavalry with several of his men.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 20, 1863.

Lieutenant-Commander MAGEW:

The major-general commanding desires to be informed of the number of boats in the Potomac Flotilla, what orders you have, and where the boats are. He has been advised by the President that they will act under his orders. He desires that none should go away without his knowledge. He desires the same information with regal to the fleet of Commander McCrea. Please answer.

DANL. BUTTERFIELS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

NAVY-YARD, WASHINGTON, D. C.,

April 20, 1863. (Received 12.01 p. m.)

Lieutenant-Commander MAGAW,

Off Aquia Creek, or U. S. S. Freeborn:

Inform the major-general that all the available steam force of the Potomac Flotilla, not under repair, has been already detached to cooperate with the army, either here or in Nansemond River. Four ves-

