
movent which I trust will secure us success, but not to so great an extent, and one in the execution of which I shall be able to exercise personal supervision.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

April 21, 1863.

Commanding Officer, Cavalry Corps:

The major-general commanding requests me to say that the chief quartermaster has been directed to start a train of hay early to-morrow morning for you from Alexandria. This train will be ordered to Warenton Junction, there being uncertainty as to the condition of the railroad beyond that point and as to what point will be most available and convention for your purposes. It is expected that you will have some person at Warrenton Junction with a knowledge of the railroad beyond that point, and with directions as to where you desire to have the hay delivered. the trains should be unloaded and returned without delay. You should manage to have some dry wood cut, if possible, for the engines at the point where the trains is to be unloaded. By the advice of Colonel Taylor, your chief of staff, the train is ordered to carry hay alone. I am directed to say it will be necessary for you to guard the Cedar Run bridges and the small culverts and bridges below that, over which the train will have to pass, from any interference by bushwhackers of forces of the enemy.

The general commanding desires that you will husband your resources and the strength of your animals as much as possible.

It is expected that this dispatch will reach you by daylight. Messengers are ordered to push through all night, so that you will have ample time to make the necessary arrangements for meeting the train.

It is understood that your rations of forage are to the 25th and provisions to the 28th. The general desires you to keep on hand the full capacity of your pack-mules and your troops up to six days.

Vary respectfully, &c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Copies of dispatches from General Haupt are inclosed from your information. The general directs me to add that he desires you to keep your force well in hand, and to stop the return of officers and orderlies unnecessarily to this camp.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

April 21, 1863.

Commanding Officer, Cavalry Corps:

Your communication of April 20, inclosing you General Orders, Numbers 10,+ received at 7 o'clock last evening.

The major-general commanding directs me to advise you that a force from General Abercrombie's command, of General Heintzelman's corps, should be ready this morning to guard the work of construction par-

---------------

* Not found.

+ See General Orders, Numbers 10, inclosure from Buschbeck to Howard, April 20, p. 232.

---------------

