
telegram therefore directs that you proceed across the river to-morrow morning, if the fords are practicable. The general does not look for one moment's delay in your advance from any cause that human effort can obviate, and directs me to add that this army is awaiting your movement.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Warrenton Junction, April 22, 1863-12 m.

Brigadier-General GREGG:

The major-general commanding directs that directs the head of your column toward this point, and send a staff officer, on receipt of this (duplicate), to report for instructions. Your camp will be between this place and Bealeton, on the north side of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. This change in the location of your command is rendered necessary by the topography of the country and nature of the road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 22, 1863.

major-General COUCH:

The commanding general directs that you have your pickets cautioned to extra vigilance to-night and toward morning, the reserve to act or move to any point circumstances may require.

Please acknowledge.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

April 22, 1863.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army:

For the information of the War Department, I have the honor to transmit herewith a statement of the number of men soon to be dispatched from this army by expiration of term of enlistment. They are the nine-month's and two-years' regiments.

From recent information, I have reason to believe but few, if any will re-enlist at this time. They appear to be of opinion that they will be under less restraint to retire from service before incurring new obligations, and that if they should conclude to return, they will be able to realize a large bounty as substitutes for conscripts than is provided by law. The large bounties heretofore paid by the State and Federal-Governments seem to be uppermost in their minds, and they will be likely to hold back for their recurrence. At all events, they are unwilling to re-enlist now.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

---------------

* Detailed statement omitted. It aggregates 16,480 two-years' men and 6,421 nine-months' men.

---------------

