
SUFFOLT, VA., April 24, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Richmond papers state that Longstreet has been re-enforced. They are despondent about his campaign. This afternoon I made a demonstration on his right. resting on the Edenton road. Thus far my operations have been successful.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

(Copy to General Halleck.)

BUCKHANNON, VA., April 24, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The combined forces of Imboden and [W. L.] Jackson attacked Beverly this afternoon, and have taken that place. Colonel Latham has retreated on the road to Philippi. The enemy interposed cavalry and artillery in the road to this place, and prevented his falling back. Reenforcements should be thrown into Grafton without delay or the enemy will reach the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and do great damage. The roads in this region are impassable.

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 24, 1863-8 p. m.

Brigadier General B. S. ROBERT,

Buckhannon, Va.:

Collet your forces, defend the railroad, and drive the enemy back You are strong enought to do it if you try. Do not call for re-enforcements from here. You have no need of them, and we have none to give you if you had. I do not understand how the roads are impassable to you, when, by your own account, they are possible enough to the enemy. if you cannot drive the enemy out, we will seek some one who can.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

BUCKHANNON, VA.,

April 24, 1863-9.40 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Your telegram received. I have collected my forces from Sutton and Bulltown into this place, to repel the enemy. Colonel Latham, with half of my command, has allowed himself to be surprised, and has been compelled to retreat in the direction of Philippi, where he cannot reach me. The enemy has five regiments of cavalry. I have but four companies. The roads the enemy has passed over are the mountain roads. Those I must move over are in the valley, and I have never seen any in so impassable a condition. I shall fail in nothing that is possible.

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

* See Imboden's expedition, etc., Part I, p. 90.

---------------

