
seize a signal party support to be operating at that point, near Machodock Creek.

You should be very careful in the arrests you make not to harass, annoy, or imprison innocent citizens. The commander will find on the march plenty of forage for their horses. All means of transportation which have been used for conveying subsistence to the enemy should be destroyed. Any boats or barges you may find on the Rappahannock side you should so thoroughly destroy that they cannot be used. You should seize any mails that can be gotten hold of, stop the conscription, supply the commands,giving receipts, according to forms prescribed in orders, for any forage of supplies taken. Upon their return, they should all and come back together, in order to be in strength.

Captain Mann will be furnished with a copy of this letter, to report to you about dusk. Expeditions have down the Neck before several times. if you should find wagons, and animals to draw them, you could bring away provisions and bacon in large quantities from parties likely to convey them to the enemy, giving proper receipts therefor.

The foregoing is the supplementary latter of instructions referred to in my communication of this morning. A copy has been furnished Captain Mann.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARENTON JUNCTION, VA.,

April 25, 1863.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

In reply to your telegram of to-day, I have to state that, as far as subsistence stores and forage are concerned, we are ready to move at any moment the commanding general may designate. The horseshoes and cartridges (except pistols) have arrived and have been issued.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 25, 1863.

Major-General SLOCUM:

Please call in your regiment at Dumfries at once.

HOOKER,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWELFTH CORPS,

Near Stafford Court-House, Va., April 25, 1863.

The brigadier-general commanding the division desires that you hold your command in readiness to move at daybreak. Monday next, with the eight days' rations and ammunition, as heretofore ordered.

WM. D. WILKINS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

