
BALTIMORE, MD., April 25, 1863-12 noon.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The rebel Jones appears to have left the Valley to go in the direction of Moorefield, perhaps to co-operate with Imboden and Jackson, but more likely to threaten the railroad at New Creek, or some other point this side. Elliott's brigade has been sent from Winchester, toward Moorefield, to reconnoiter. I must draw troops westward from Winchester and Harper's Ferry. Will you have General Stahel, with his cavalry, look out toward the Blue Ridge and the Valley, while my forces are thus partially drawn off? McReynolds, from Berryville, will scout up the Valley. Nothing from Roberts since last night.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 25, 1863-4.25 p.m.

Major-General SCHENCK,

Baltimore, Md.:

Copy of your telegram has been sent to General Stahel, with instructions to do all in his power to carry out your wishes.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

BALTIMORE, April 25, 1863.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Harper's Ferry, Va.:

Inform Milroy, and communicate, if possible, with Elliott. Cannot Elliott and whatever of the force Milroy sends get across the South Branch and in the rear of Jones?

General Halleck promises that Stahel's cavalry shall move toward the Blue Ridge and the Valley from the east.

You may, therefore, send all available force westward on the railroad. How are you doing for transportation?

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, April 25, 1863.

Brigadier-General KELLEY:

Milroy telegraphs reported movements of Jones from the Valley in force toward Moorefield.

He had sent Elliott's brigade to Moorefield, via Wardensville, to reconnoiter.

You must look out from Romney, and you must take care of the railroad from Winchester with all you can spare. If Jones goes toward New Creek, or anywhere against the railroad, we must catch him. Nothing from Roberts since last evening.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

