
BALTIMORE, April 25, 1863-10.30 a.m.

Major General R. H. MILROY,

Winchester, Va.:

You did right to send Elliott's brigade. Give him any further support you can spare from Winchester.

Kelley will have you sustained from Romney and the railroad.

We must catch the rebel Jones if he moves on New Creek or tries anywhere to reach the railroad. In the meantime, McReynolds must scout up the Valley.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., April 25, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHESEBROUGH,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters, Baltimore:

Colonel Campbell, by a dispatch just received, reports Jones moving on New Creek and Romney with from 5,000 to 7,000 men. He will be at Williamsport to-night. This place, Patterson's Creek, about 20 miles from New Creek. Have ordered Colonel Smith, with One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio and Maulsby's battery, to move to New Creek to-morrow morning, but I fear it will be too late. Will send two regiments from here as soon as cars can be had.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

BALTIMORE, April 25, 1863.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Harper' Ferry:

The attempt may be to dash in on Rowlesburg and the Cheat River trestles. Look out for that. Do you hear anything form along the railroad west?

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

WINCHESTER, VA., April 25, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK,

Baltimore, Md.:

Rebel [Andrew T.] Leopole, the last two days in irons, hoping for leniency, makes this statement:

Residence, Sharpsburg, Md. Enlisted in Confederate service two years ago, as ensign First Regiment Virginia (rebel) Cavalry, and remained in that regiment until Stuart's appointment as brigadier, about a month after the first battle of Manassas, when I became ensign of his brigade, which I continued to be until last May, when I was transferred to the-Virginia Cavalry as third lieutenant. I continued in that regiment until after the battle of Sharpsburg, in September last, when I was promoted to first lieutenant of Company D, same regiment, in which regiment I served until November 24 last, when I was captured at Shepherdstown. I remained a prisoner until January 6 last, when I was exchanged, and reported, as ordered, to General Stuart, at this headquarters, where I remained until January 13, acting as his

