
chief of couriers. On January 14, as ordered by him, I left for Castleman's Ferry, in command of 70 men, where I remained until last Tuesday, when, with 6 of my men, I was captured. My business there was to observe the movements of Federal forces, and report to General Fitzhugh Lee, who is now between Markham Station and Manassas Gap Railroad and the Shenandoah River, about 2 miles east of the Blue Ridge, with the First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, and Tenth Virginia Cavalry and two batteries. Regiments average about 350 men each. The locality of these troops is about 16 miles from Castleman's Ferry and 10 miles from Berry's Ferry. General Trimble, with three infantry brigades, is near Orleans, in Fauquier County. Lee's and Trimble's forces moved at the same time from Culpeper Court-House to their present position, where they arrived about two days before my capture. There are two other brigades-one from Louisiana and the other from Virginia-encamped between Sperryville and Little Washington. They belong to Trimble's division. With each brigade is a battery, and a battalion of artillery besides, attached to the division. The brigades, I think, will average 1,900 men each. The two brigades near Sperryville came that far with the other brigades, and halted there. I saw General Stuart on the 17th of this month between Salem and Jefferson, and learned from him that A. P. Hill, with a portion of his command, had left for the Valley by way of Hanover Junction, Charlottesville, and Staunton. I saw Hill's baggage at Culpeper, and learned from the master of transportation that it was en route from Staunton. I heard General Stuart say that the Federal forces at Winchester would be captured as soon as the Shenandoah River became passable. I also learned form his general-order book that Jones had been ordered to march to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and destroy certain trestle-work on that road. I am tired of fighting, and wish to take the oath of allegiance and retire into Ohio. I have always stood high with General Stuart, enjoyed his confidence, and, when at his headquarters, ate at his table.

The above statement is strongly corroborated by other circumstances and information. I recommend that Heintzelman be directed to ascertain the truth of the above statement, so far as it refers to Fitzhugh Lee's and Trimble's forces and their locality.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, April 25, 1863-11.45 a.m.

Brigadier General E. P. SCAMMON,

Charleston, W. Va.:

The rebels, Imboden and Jackson, with combined forces, are pressing General Roberts. Keep yourself on the watch toward Summerville.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

BUCKHANNON, VA., April 25, 1863.

Colonel W. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Baltimore, Md.:

Have heard nothing from Beverly or Colonel Latham since 6 p.m. yesterday. Don't know whether he succeeded in making his retreat to Philippi or not. Hear nothing of the movements of the enemy at Beverly.

The telegraph lines are broken between this place and Bulltown, so that I don't know whether the troops at that place and Sutton are marching to this place or not. They were telegraphed yesterday to march without delay.

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

