
BALTIMORE, MD., April 26, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Genera Hooker is certainly mistaken about the small number of troops with Jones and at the west; but Jones has not yet advanced on New Creek. I think he can have little with him but cavalry. Scouts report that he could not get his artillery across the South Branch at Moorefield, and Elliott may arrive in time to capture it. Then I hope we may capture his entire force. Colonel Smith, with re-enforcements, will reach New Creek from Martinsburg by 5 o'clock to-day. Nothing more from Roberts. Colonels Wilkinson and Mulligan go to his support from Grafton and Clarksburg. I think his communication by telegraph has been interrupted.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 26, 1863-9.10 a.m.

Major-General STONEMAN,Commanding Cavalry Corps:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to request that you will use all possible means of obtaining information in regard to the different routes leading from the Rappahannock Station into the interior and leaving Culpeper and Gordonsville to the right, the best place of crossing the Rapidan, the best roads, &amp;c. He desires that he may be informed of this as early as practicable. Also what information, if any, of the forces at Culpeper and Gordonsville. He desires that you will keep up your line of pickets, but have the main body of your command along the railroad. You can make requisitions for supplies, if you can carry them, for six days from Wednesday morning.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 26, 1863.

Commanding Officer Cavalry Corps, Warrenton Junction:

Your dispatch received. The commanding general wishes you to gather all the information you can about the routes to the east of Culpeper and Gordonsville, and furnish him with the same as soon as practicable. He directs that you do not move until further orders.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., April 26, 1863.

Commanding Officers, Eleventh and Twelfth Corps:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps, in the order named, will begin their march at sunrise to-morrow morning, the former to encamp as near Kelly's Ford as practicable, without discovering itself to the enemy, and the latter as nearly in its rear as circumstances will permit. They will be established in their camps on the before 4 p.m. on Tuesday, the 28th instant. Corps commanders will be held responsible that the men

