
movements, that I have concealed my designs from my own staff, and I dare not intrust them to the wires, knowing as I do that they are so often tapped.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES SOUTH OF POTOMAC,

No. 33. Arlington, April 26, 1863.

I. Brigadier General Robert O. Tyler having been relieved from duty in the Department of Washington, the command of these Defenses is hereby transferred to Colonel T. R. Tannatt, senior officer of this command.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Brigadier General R. O. Tyler:

E. L. KINNEY,

Second Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, April 26, 1863. (Received April 26-2.10 p.m.)

Lieutenant-Colonel LATHROP,

Assistant Inspector-General:

I have made arrangements to proceed to-night with a strong cavalry force and scout the whole country on our right, going through Dranesville and Leesburg, meeting the other force that will march in front by Chantily and Gum Spring, scouting the whole country on both sides of the Little River turnpike, in the little valley between Bull Run and Blue Ridge Mountains. From there I shall scout the whole country to Blue Ridge. We will be provided with five days' rations. I did not go out to-day, owing to various rumors we have of the enemy, and desiring to protect our front during my absence. Your dispatch was not received by me until late last evening, I being on the front. I saw General Abercrombie yesterday, who will place an infantry regiment with my battery on my right wing to strengthen it while I am out. The Seventh Michigan Regiment I have ordered to leave a sufficient number of men to protect the Telegraph road to Dumfries, and proceed with the remainder to Bristoe Station, and connect with General Stoneman's force, and scout the country around in every direction. I would like to know whether the commanding general desires me to go into the Shenandoah Valley or not. If so, I should like to be able to draw provisions and forage either at Berryville or Winchester. Have you any further information respecting a force of the enemy at Front Royal, and, should the commanding general wish me to go into the Valley, could my left wing be protected by Stoneman's forces, so as to prevent any rebel force from either flanking or coming in my rear by way of the lower gap whilst I am in the Valley?

JUL. STAHEL,

Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., April 26, 1863-5 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Baltimore:

Dispatch in cipher received; will be governed accordingly. Major Johnson, at New Creek, reports that his infantry company guarding

17 R R-VOL XXV, PT II

