
BALTIMORE, MD., April 26, 1863-4.45 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Telegrams just received from Roberts and Wilkinson. The rebels west of the mountains are at the railroad, at Oakland and Rowlesburg, having passed to the east of Roberts. I will have him try to cut off their retreat. I have been concentrating at New Creek and other points.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., April 27, 1863-1 a.m.

Commanding Officer, Fifth Corps:

The major-commanding directs me to inform you that your corps is to march to-morrow, so as to reach the vicinity of Kelly's Ford by Tuesday at 4 p.m. The corps of Generals Slocum and Howard take the same direction (and will be on the same route, probably) from Hartwood. The provisions, as to rations, in former circular (eight days'), will be complied with. The trains will be left in the vicinity of Stoneman's Switch. Such two-years' men as you may desire to leave for the purpose may remain with them as guards. Further details of the orders will be sent you early to-morrow morning. Two ambulances and one battery only will accompany each division, with the pack train of small-arm ammunition. A few wagons only to accompany the column, sufficient to carry forage for the animals. The destination of your command will be strictly confidential. General Couch has been directed to send a regiment to Banks' Ford to relieve your regiment there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., April 27, 1863.

Commanding Officer, Fifth Corps:

I have the honor herewith to transmit for your information and guidance, so far as not inconsistent with the orders you have yourself received, a copy of the instructions given the commanders of the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps the 26th instant for their movement to Kelly's Ford.* These instructions contain the details alluded to in the letter addressed to you last night by Major-General Butterfield, as to be furnished you early this morning.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS, April 27, 1863-7 a.m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Your orders received this a.m. at 2 o'clock. I will move my corps to-day as far as Hartwood; not interfere with Eleventh and

---------------

*See p.255.

---------------

