
at two different houses. The attack was made by a small party of guerrillas. One man of the provost-guard was taken prisoner and 1 of the enemy was mortally wounded and his horse killed. I have sent out a party to find the men who perpetrated this outrage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

WARRENTON JUNCTION, April 27, 1863.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: The following is the result of my inquiries and investigations into the character and nature of the country lying south of the Rappahannock and east of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad:

The roads leading from Fredericksburg southward, and crossing the North Anna River at Anderson's, Davenport's, and Carr's bridges, run through an open and well-cultivated country, and are good roads. The turnpike and Plank road leading from Fredericksburg toward Orange Court-House run through the Wilderness, as it is called, which consists of heavy timber, and extends from Wilderness Run to Mountain River; from there to the railroad the country is more open.

The roads leading out from Kelly's, Kemper's, and Barnett's Fords are country roads, and tolerably good in dry weather. There is a very good road leading from Culpeper Court-House to Germanna Mills, on the Rapidan River, via Stevensburg, and another from the Court-House to Raccoon Ford, on same river.

The fords over the Rapidan River are numerous, and their practicability depends entirely upon the stage of water in the streams. The banks are generally steep and high on both sides, and the approaches difficult.

The country north of the Rapidan is gently rolling, open, and well cultivated, and the whole of it, as far north as Culpeper Court-House, is overlooked and in plain view from the top of Clark's Mountain, on the top of which mountain the enemy has a telegraph station (signal).

The country on the south side of the Rappahannock and in its vicinity is similar in character to that on the north side, but south of the Rapidan and in the vicinity of Gordonsville the country is of a much more clayey or argillaceous consistency, and the roads in wet weather are very heavy and miry. This is more particularly the case in the counties of Orange, Louisa, and Fluvanna. There is not a railroad bridge between Gordonsville and Sexton's Junction, and none of any account between Gordonsville and the Rivanna River.

As to the forces at Culpeper Court-House and Gordonsville, we have depended, and should have acted, upon the information derived from the headquarters of the Army of the Potomac. I have no other that is based upon reliable authority. The inhabitants of Culpeper Court-House have been leaving for the Shenandoah Valley. These fleeing inhabitants, as also the prisoners which have fallen into our hands, would lead us to suppose that the enemy expected an attack from this direction, but I am assured by yourself that such is not the case.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General, Commanding Corps.

