
Brigadier General G. K. Warren's memoranda in relation to pontoons, &amp;c.*

Answer to 1st. Several can be thrown and covered by the shore, but owing to the contracted nature of the place not more than two, or at most three, could be used at a time. Franklin had three. At Smithfield, a mile below, two more could be thrown.

Answer to 2nd. Not more that two can be thrown at a time without danger of interference, especially if thrown as General Benham proposes.

Answer to 3rd. On approaching near the river bank, there would be but two routes-one for a train moving down and one up. The pontoons are now in three localities. The roads are probably in good enough condition, unless the mud becomes too deep after a little use. Beginning in the evening, the boats could probably all be got in position before daylight.

Answer to 4th. Seven miles along river from Franklin's Crossing to Hayfield Crossing.

Answer to 5th. First, line of River road with dirt hedges. Second, railroad line. Third, Deep Run. Fourth, possibly a line of rifle-pits at the foot of the slope. Fifth, epaulements and cover for eight or ten guns on the slope. Sixth, Telegraph road runs along the crest of the hill, giving opportunity to put a great number of field batteries and infantry in position. Seventh, point of hills running out toward Captain Hamilton's would give artillery an enfilading position. Distance from crossing to Telegraph road on the bluff about 2 to 3 miles-to top of bluffs, 1 to 2 miles.

Answer to 6th. Having reached the Telegraph road, we know of no other artificial obstruction to moving on to Guiney's Station by turning off at Alsop's; distance from White Chimney to Alsop's about 7 miles; thence to Guiney's, 6 miles. This would bring us in front of that position. By keeping on the south, crossing the Ny River, would make it a very circuitous route to turn this position.

Answer to 7th. The maps indicate a route somewhat crooked about 1 1/2 to 2 miles back from Fredericksburg.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., April 27, 1863.

Commanding Officer, Second Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you move at sunrise to-morrow morning tow divisions of your corps, to encamp as near as practicable to Banks' Ford without exposing your camps to the view of the enemy; that one brigade and one battery of one of these two divisions take position at United States Ford; the movement to the made quietly; the officers and men restrained from exhibiting themselves or making any show or appearance upon the river beyond the necessities of picket duty. The division left in camp should be the one whose camps are most exposed to the view of the enemy. All of the artillery attached to the two divisions moving up the river must move with them, and be ready to be thrown into position to cover the passage of the river and to drive the enemy from his defenses thrown up opposite that point. Two ambulances to each division will move with

---------------

*Without date, but entered in "Letters-Received" book, headquarters Army of the Potomac, April 27, 1863.

---------------

