
them, and a few wagons only allowed to carry sufficient forage for the animals for four or five days. The pack-mule train for small-arm ammunition will move with the column, or, in lieu of it, General Couch having none organized, a reserve of ammunition in wagons, to be kept out of the way of troops and the communications, ready to move forward if needed. The troops will have the (eighth days') rations heretofore provided in orders. The trains left will be parked to the rear of Falmouth Station and out of the sight of the enemy and out of the way of the business of the station.

The division left in camp will be directed to keep up the picket-line on the river and in readiness to repel any attempt that may be made by the enemy to cross the river. Should the demonstration of the enemy proved of sufficient strength to indicate such a purpose, the Third Corps will be available for support. The division left in camp, as well as the divisions at Banks' and United States Fords, will be held in readiness to follow up any successful movements without delay. In moving from camp or breaking camps, the practice of large fires and burning camp rubbish will not be permitted.

If there are any two-years' men that you consider unreliable, in consequence of the near expiration of their term of service, you will leave them on duty with the division left behind. The commanding general desires that you command in person the two divisions going up the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., April 27, 1863.

Commanding Officer, Second Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that no effort is to be made to lay the bridges at Banks' Ford until the night of the 29th, but that they be held in readiness to be thrown across the instant the enemy may leave or be driven from the opposite side. The inclosed map* will indicate positions to be guarded by the artillery of the division left in the vicinity of Falmouth. The utmost vigilance must be exercised by this division to prevent any communication across the river, and every house and person in Falmouth and vicinity should be guarded or watched. They will be in readiness to prevent any possible attempt to cross the river by the enemy. In the event of assistance being required, the officer in command will report the fact to General Sedgwick. The positions, &amp;c., of the artillery at Banks' Ford, to cover the crossing, has been intrusted to General Hunt, chief of artillery, who has furnished the inclosed memoranda* in regard thereto. It is presumed that you pioneers, with their tools, will be able to accomplish all the necessary work. It is expected that you will establish the most rigid and strict guard along the river bank, to prevent any crossing or information, and to arrest any and all citizens within the lines if deemed necessary to prevent the enemy being informed of our movement.

Very respectfully, &c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy furnished commanding officer Sixth Corps.)

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

