
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

No. 15. Camp near Falmouth, Va., April 27, 1863.

The troops of the corps will move to-day in the following order: Sykes' division at 10 a.m.; Griffin's division at 11 a.m.; Humphreys's division at 12 m.

Each division will be supplied, as heretofore directed, with eight days' rations in knapsacks and haversacks, and will be accompanied by only one battery and two ambulances, with the pack train of small-arm ammunition. No wagons will be permitted with the column except such as are absolutely necessary to carry forage for the use of the authorized public and private animals.

The trains of the corps will park under the direction of the corps quartermaster in the vicinity of Stoneman's Switch; and such guards as will be necessary for their protection will be selected from the regiments whose term of service ar soonest to expire.

By command of Major General George G. Meade:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

April 27, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

II. Until further orders, in order to conceal the movements of the troops from the enemy, the usual duty-calls will be omitted. Division commanders will see that their men build only small fires, and those for cooking purposes only.

By command of Major General George G. Meade:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH CORPS,Hartwood Church, April 27, 1863-12 m.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: I have arrived at this point, and will go into camp as soon as the troops come up. I have instructed division commanders upon their arrival in camp to-morrow not to allow any music or bugle-calls, and to take every precaution to conceal their position from the enemy. I wish you would inform me this p.m. at what hour in the morning your command will be clear of the road, so that I may know what time to start my leading division.

Very truly, yours,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

April 27, 1863. (Received April 28.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have the honor respectfully to request that the agents in Washington of the New York Times and Philadelphia Inquier may be called upon to give the names of their correspondents with his army

