
as soon as possible. I don't fancy leaving large quantities of subsistence and forage, nor do I fancy the destruction of them. If destroyed, you will have to starve. We will not leave until compelled. Reports say the rebels are on Buckahannon road, 18 or 20 miles out, this afternoon. Generals Schenck and Kelley telegraph, by way of Cincinnati and Parkersburg, that our forces are advancing on the rebels with the intention of cutting them off. Kelley is at Greenland Gap.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, April 27, 1863-11 p.m.

Commanding Officer, New Creek, Va.:

Maryland or other troops must be pushed westward after the enemy on the railroad to-night. The road and wires are already repaired to a point 3 miles beyond Oakland, where the Youghiogheny Bridge is burned.

A telegram has been received to-night from Oakland. The enemy has gone westward from there, still threatening Rowlesburg and Tunnelton. Follow him as you can immediately. Send this dispatch by courier to General Kelley.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, April 27, 1863-11 p.m.

H. I. SAMUELS,

Adjutant-General, Wheeling, Va.:

What a panic you must have at Wheeling! I have no evidence yet of any force of rebels west of Rowlesburg. Certainly they have not reached Grafton. Telegram direct from Oakland at 9 this p.m. informs me that the railroad and wire are already repaired beyond that point. The Youghiogheny Bridge burned.

The enemy all cavalry; only a raid. I hope yet to catch the whole body of them by intercepting their retreat. I have been hoping General [James S.] Wheat might bring some force to Grafton.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,No. 190. Washington, April 27, 1863.

I. Brigadier General George H. Gordon, U. S. Volunteers, will report for duty without delay to Major General John A. Dix, commanding, &amp;c., Fort Monroe, Va:

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

V. Brigadier General John G. Barnard, U. S. Volunteers, will at once proceed to Harper's Ferry, Va., and make a thorough examination of the defenses of that place, and devise and create any others he may deem necessary. Having completed this duty, General Barnard will return to this city.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

