
Corps, and will report to Major-General Meade. Your are requested to report without delay.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. L. CANDLER, Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Morrisville, Va., April 28, 1863.

Captain COMSTOCK, Corps of Engineers:

The major-general commanding directs that as soon as the Fifth Corps have crossed the bridge, you will call on Major-General Meade for the necessary details to enable you to take it up and prepare it for land transportation, and have it accompany the column of that officer for service at the Rapidan, if required. After that, and as soon as the United States Ford is uncovered, he desires it to be thrown across the Rappahannock at that point, in order to open a short communication with headquarters, and also to enable Couch's corps to cross, should circumstances render it expedient.

WM. L. CANDLER, Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

Please show this to Major-General Meade. A portion of Couch's corps now holds that crossing on the north side. The general hopes that all the troops will be over early, as it is of the first importance that we should cross the Rapidan to-morrow.
HDQRS. TWELFTH CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Kelly's Ford, Va., April 28, 1863.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith copy of instructions* just received from the major-general commanding Army of the Potomac. Pursuant to these instructions, you will cross the river at Kelly's Ford at the earliest possible moment to-night. You will report to me as soon as your troops commence crossing, and also immediately after the crossing is effected. As soon as you have effected a crossing, you will take a defensive position, and await the crossing of the Twelfth Corps, which will precede you on the road to Germanna Bridge. You will hold your command in readiness, and follow immediately in their rear. Keep your column well closed, with all your baggage wagons in rear of your entire corps, except your rear guards. Have two batteries accompany your leading brigades.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Grove Church, Va., April 28, 1863-5 a. m.

[GENERAL PLEASONTON:]

GENERAL: We arrived here at 4 p. m. I left Major Keenan at Hartwood with two squadrons, with orders to go to Richards' Ford, and

---------------

* See Candler to commanding officer Fifth Corps, this date, p. 273.

---------------

