
then work to the left until he found the infantry, and then to come as far north as possible. Passed two divisions of Howard's (Eleventh) corps between Hartwood and Deep Run. When I arrived here, made a reconnaissance in person (after halting and feeding horses and men) to Ellis' Ford. Woke up their infantry, who came down into the rifle-pits and drew bead on us. They sent one shot at a picket I left. Understood that some were on this side, but could not find them after thorough search. Picketed near Ellis', Kemper's, and Field's, and communicated on the right with a brigade of Howard's, between Richards' and Kelly's. Have had no report from Major Keenan as yet. Found Spangler's train here. It unloads and returns this morning. Howard and the balance of his corps are just passing now. The report among contrabands here is that at the fords the water has been filled with iron wire-work, calculated to entangle the feet of horses, while the sharpshooters pop them off. They say they have things fixed from our cavalry now. A number of mule teams passed here last evening. Said they were to meet a pontoon train. Everything quiet now.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. DEVIN, Colonel,

Commanding Brigade.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

April 28, 1863.

Major-General SEDWICK,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

In reference to the circular letter sent you last evening, the major-general commanding directs me to say to you that your operations from to-morrow are for a demonstration only, to hold the forces of the enemy while the operations are carried on above, unless the enemy should leave the position or should weaken his force materially by detachments.

Very respectfully, &c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

April 28, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Lowe reports up to 9 a. m. that, in consequence of the wind, he is unable to ascend.

First opportunity will be improved. Cautioned Sharpe, signal officers, and Lowe to be vigilant and watchful; to get all information possible.

Deserters just in and examined, report up to night before last, April 26, "Rodes (D. H. Hill's) division, A. P. Hill's, and Trimble's divisions not moved; no signs of a move."

We are in some uncertainty here as to the whereabouts of the remaining batteries of the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps. Looking over your reply to General Howard's dispatch, I find that the Reserve Artillery is ordered to go with the rest of the artillery. Your original dispatch to Howard and Slocum specified the trains only to go to Banks' Ford. As you had a personal interview with Slocum, I presume he received directions at that interview. If not, it will be in sufficient time if those batteries are up with them (in any error) to have them get back

