
to Banks' and United States Fords during to-morrow. General Hunt asks whether the works for those batteries at Banks' and United States Ford will be sunk to-night, in case the road is completed by General Couch, or wait until to-morrow night. The orders directed the work upon these batteries not to be done until after the road between the two points is completed. I so informed him.

Pleasonton reports that he will leave for Grove Church at 8 a. m. to-day.

It is raining now here-10.30 a. m.-I sincerely trust only a shower. I should feel almost heartbroken if we were baffled again by a storm.

If you desire to reach Sedwick or myself hastily from Morrisville and Kelly's Ford, an orderly, with a telegraphic dispatch to Warrenton Junction, might reach us in advance of an orderly coming direct through. The signal telegraph is open to Banks' Ford. Duplicates of important dispatches might be sent there.

I keep General Sedgwick advised of everything that occurs. Clinton, the wagon-master, came shortly after you left, and has been ordered to you at Morrisville or Kelly's Ford. Have ordered Blake, at Aquia Creek, and Garton, at Belle Plain, with their dismounted men, to relieve Colonel Rogers' brigade, of Patrick's command, from working and guard duty, so that they can take care of the railroad line and man the works at once.

It still rains-2 p. m. Fogliardi comes back at 5 p. m. Couch telegraphs me he has ordered all his tools to Banks' Ford. Sedgwick's command is just coming into position. So misty that nothing can be seen across the river.

I inclose copies of reports received,* directing the orderly to find you, deliver this, with your mail, and bring back any orders or intelligence you might have to communicate.

Still raining here, but not severely-slow and steady. Telegraph progressing from Banks' Ford to the United States Ford.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., April 28, 1863.

Professor LOWE, Chief of Balloon Department:

The general commanding desires you to have your balloon up to-night to see where the enemy's camp-fires are. Some one acquainted with the position and location of the ground and of the enemy's forces should go up.

P. A. OLIVER,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, April 28, 1863-7 p. m.

Major General D. BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Although we have made many ascents during the day, yet have been unable to see but very little of the enemy, in consequence of the dense fog that envelops the earth.

---------------

*Not identified.

---------------

