
WHEELING, VA., April 28, 1863.

(Received 2.50 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Fifteen hundred cavalry are reported to have been at Morgantown at 4 o'clock p. m. yesterday, and at Waynesburg this morning. It is necessary to have an officer of rank to command the militia here. General Lightburn is here, and he should be directed to assume command.

W. C. THORPE,

Captain Thirteenth U. S. Infantry, Military Commander.

BALTIMORE, MD., April 28, 1863-2.30 p. m.

(Received 4.40 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The approach of the rebels to New Creek was repulsed. Major Showalter defended Rowlesburg and the works at Cheat River admirably with four companies, and all is yet safe there. I have troops pressing forward westweard as far and as fast as possible. I have Mulligan at Grafton. The only damage yet ascertained is a train of empty stock cars captured at Oakland, but since recovered in good order, and the Youghiogheny Bridge burned, which is rebuilding to-day. I have communication over all the railroad now, except 20 miles, between Grafton and Rowlesburg. The whole rebel force that has been on the line of the railroad I do not believe exceeds 1,500, but all cavalry. I have such reports from Wheeling and Pittsburgh, but no reliable information that the enemy has gone to Morgantown, or anywhere north of the railroad, in force. With my troops on the railroad, and Kelley south of it on the Northwest turnpike, and Roberts south of Grafton and Clarksburg, I hope to intercept enemy's retreat. It is difficult, though, to catch cavalry with infantry. I do not hear from Roberts. His communication by telegraph is cut off, as is also the wire between Grafton and Rowlesburg. They have got up unnecessary panic at Wheeling, Pittsburgh, and Parkersburg.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

PITTSBURG, PA., April 28, 1863.

(Received 5.30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I have reliable information that the rebels are at Morgantown, Va. Have telegraphed General Schenck to that effect. If the troops on the road and about Oakland do their duty, the rebels can't escape. I have sent a company of volunteers to Uniontown, and seven companies of the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Militia will leave in the morning.

O. CROSS,

Deputy Quartermaster-General.

IN THE FIELD, FIVE MILES FROM NEW CREEK, VA.,

April 28, 1863-2 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Baltimore, Md.:

Just received a dispatch from Mr. Diffy, agent Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, who had just arrived at Oakland. Road and wire repaired

