
BALTIMORE, April 28, 1863-1 p. m.

Commanding Officer, Oakland, Md.:

Push forward at least a regiment to Rowlesburg. Watch and follow the enemy at all points. His retreat must be cut off.

Endeavor by every means to open your communication with Colonel Mulligan, who is at Grafton.

By order of Major-General Schenck:

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, April 28, 1863.

Brigadier-General KELLEY, New Creek, Va.:

In reply to my orders to push forward westward, I have the following dispatch from Colonel Webster:

I am in command at this point, with Fourth and Seventh Regiments Maryland Volunteers Infantry, numbering together 820 muskets. The railroad bridge over the Youghiogheny is destroyed. No transportation by rail or otherwise can be had from this point westward.

My own regiment, Seventh, had no sleep last night, and Fourth very little. The enemy may return by this place. If so, both regiments necessary to meet him. If I march to Rowlesburg, I will take both, unless ordered otherwise. Please instruct, and especially as to time of marching and force to be moved.

This disappoints me. Troops ought to have gone westward before this time. I beg you to push them forward at your discretion. I do not like the tone of Colonel Webster's dispatch.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, April 28, 1863-6.15 p. m.

Brigadier General J. A. LIGHTBURN, U. S. Volunteers:

You will assume command of all United States troops at or near Wheeling, and of the militia forces that may be called out. Send whatever force you can immediately toward Grafton, to protect the railroad and intercept the rebels. Communicate with the commanding officer at Parkersburg; also with Colonel Mulligan, at Grafton, and General Roberts, at Clarksburg. If the wire is cut between Wheeling and Grafton, telegraph by way of Parkersburg. Send engine up the road instantly to reconnoiter.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, April 28, 1863.

Commanding Officer, Parkersburg, W. Va.:

Brigadier-General Lightburn, U. S. Volunteers, is in command of all militia and other forces at Wheeling. Put yourself in communication with him for information. Rebels reported to be at Mannington and Littleton, between Grafton and Wheeling. The enemy will cross between Parkersburg and Clarksburg, probably at West Union or New Salem. Send what force you can immediately that way, to protect road and intercept rebels. Communicate with Roberts at Clarksburg.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

