
BALTIMORE, April 28, 1863-6.20 p. m.

Brigadier-General ROBERTS, Clarksburg, Va.:

Brigadier-General Lightburg, U. S. Volunteers, is in command of all militia and other forces at Wheeling. Put yourself in communication with him, via Parkersburg, if you cannot by Grafton. He reports the rebels supposed to be at Mannington and Littleton, on the road between Grafton and Wheeling. I have directed him to send all the force he can toward Grafton. The enemy will cross over probably west of you, perhaps at New Salem or West Union. Send some force in that direction. Watch for him at all points.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

CLARKSBURG, April 28, 1863.

Brigadier-General ROBERTS:

Telegram received. Will follow your counsel, if possible. My impression, however, is that they will come on the Bridgeport, Philippi, Buckhannon, and Weston roads at same time, which they can easily do. My small force can do nothing in defending all these positions. If I cannot make a junction with you, I will move toward Parkersburg or Fairmont, most probably the former.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

BALTIMORE,

April 28, 1863-7.30 p. m.

General ROBERTS:

General Cross, at Wheeling, telegraphs that the mayor of that city has received information that the enemy are destroying the bridges between Wheeling and Grafton. A force should at once move down the road from Grafton to see if this be true, and prevent it. Send what cavalry you can across from Clarksburg to Fairmont.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

CINCINNATI,

April 28, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel NEFF, Camp Dennison:

Send forward the battery at your camp, and any infantry you can spare, to Bellaire, by way of Columbus. A rebel raid on Wheeling threatened. Report immediately what you can send, and how soon it can move.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

CINCINNATI, April 28, 1863.

Commodore PHELPS, Commanding Naval Fleet, Cairo:

All right. If gunboat can be sent at once, it will probably be better. It is said the enemy are within 30 miles of Wheeling.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

