
BALTIMORE, April 28, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I have no reliable evidence of so near an approach of the enemy to Wheeling. A small rebel force is reported at Mannington and Littleton. Their intention, though, appears to be to cross the Parkersburg road at either West Union or New Salem. As situated, I can send nothing to Wheeling from this direction. I have the larger force of the enemy to watch and fight between Grafton and Rowlesburg.

I think there is needless panic at Wheeling, but we may want much help, if not there, at Weston, Va.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

WINCHESTER, VA.,

April 28, 1863.

Major General R. C. SCHENCK, Baltimore:

General Adams was at Moorefield at 4 p. m. the 27th. Jones left that place on Saturday morning with cavalry, infantry, and artillery. The last heard of him he was at Greenland Gap, on his way to New Creek or Cakland. On morning of the 27th the rebel infantry, artillery, and cavalry left Moorefield, 2,100 strong, for Petersburg. Imboden's force forms a junction with the force of Jones, which left Moorefield Saturday, at some point west of Moorefield. Adams learns from citizens that Jones is to take care of Milroy. Elliott at Wardensville 2.30 a. m., 28th; left at 5 p. m. for Strasburg; will reach there to-night, where he will remain and reconnoiter up the Valley with cavalry. I ration him there to-night.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH SEPARATE BRIGADE, MIDDLE DEPT.

April 28, 1863.

Brigadier-General COX,Cincinnati, Ohio:

If it is possible for you to send 4,000 or 5,000 troops to Parkersburg without delay, it is important that you do so. Rebel General Jones, with his forces, will probably attack Fairmont to-night, or early to-morrow. A force, supposed to be Imboden's, is now near Webster, and will probably break up the railroad there and move toward Grafton, to join Jones in attacking Colonel Mulligan at that place. I have reason to believe that [W. L.] Jackson's forces will attempt to reach Salem or West Union, on Parkersburg Railroad, from the direction of Weston. It is of the utmost importance that a large force by thrown in, if it can be done.

Answer quickly.

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General.

CINCINNATI,

April 28, 1863.

Brigadier-General MASON, Columbus:

Yours received. Send forward to Bellaire everything that can be spared. A battery will be sent up from Camp Dennison at once. Have

