
arrangements made to put forward whatever may be sent, and I will advise you of their starting.

J. D. COX,

[Brigadier-General.]

CINCINNATI, OHIO,

April 28, 1863.

Honorable DAVID TOD,

Governor, Columbus, Ohio:

The following dispatch received from Parkersburg, in reply to one of mine asking for the latest information. I have every reason to think it reliable, and unless your information is very positive and late, I would recommend that the troops ordered by not sent. The following is the dispatch:

The affair turns out to be an exaggerated account by the telegraph operator at Grafton, who quit his instrument and left without provocation. Mulligan is now at Grafton. General Roberts commands at Weston. Picket firing heard on Philippi road, 5 miles from Clarksburg, this morning. Excitement at Clarksburg somewhat allayed. The opinion there now is that no demonstration will be made this way. I can get no definite information as to the position or direction of the rebels.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

WHEELING, VA.,

April 28, 1863.

JOHN W. GARRETT and W. P. SMITH,

Baltimore, Md.:

Willard is here. Left Rowlesburg yesterday at 10.30 a. m.; Grafton Grover's Gap and Cameron, except two engines, one of which is at Grafton, with six cars, and the other at Mannington. Will go out this p. m.; taking all in, except engine at Grafton. No machinery west of Oaklad lost. Believe two engines are at Clarksburg. Order Colonel Wilkinson to have all freights and machinery from Parkersburg Railroad at Grafton brought to this place. Major Showalter sent engine to Cranberry to reconnoiter. Brought back the operator, who had been taken prisoner and paroled. He said from 700 to 1,500 of Jones' men, under [A. W.] Harman, passed them, and through Kingwood to Morgantown, where they were reported to be last evening at 4 o'clock. Was informed by an acquaintance and personal friend in the party that they would return from Morgantown by way of Fairmont; thence to Salem, on Parkersburg Railroad, to form junction with Imboden at Rowlesburg. Estimate Jones' force (besides the detachment that went to Morgantown) at 1,500 to 2,000. All mounted infantry. Horses in good condition.

Rowlesburg was attached Sunday afternoon. Rebels twice repulsed. Were going to attack again. Showalter re-enforced by 38 men, with four howitzers, sent from here under [Joseph B.] Ford's urgent solicitation. With this re-enforcement Showalter, having 350 men, thought he could defend the place, if not starved out. Imboden's force is estimated at over 4,000 men, with six pieces, making al aggregate of about 7,000 for Imboden and Jones. Besides these forces, Hingling reported rumors of fighting at Glenville, 20 miles south of Ellenbourough, probably Jenkins' force. In this city the leading apprehension is of an attack here. He

