
thinks the purpose of the rebels, by detour from Morgantown, is to produce such apprehension, but really to get around Mulligan, who is at Grafton; destroy Fairmont Bridge, produce similar destruction on Parkersburg Railroad, east and west of Wilkinson, at Clarksburg, and thus, having destroyed communication in every direction, capture Mulligan's, Wilkinson's, Latham's, and Roberts' forces in detail. In view of the special apprehension the authorities have here, we cannot sufficiently impress them with the necessity of sending forces out for the protection of the road. We have no telegraphic communication beyond Cameron; waiting for which is the reason we did not advise you this morning. There are 3,000 stand of arms here; plenty of ammunition, but not cannon. There are but 30 men in charge of the bridge at Fairmont.

Just learned, at 1.15 p. m., that bridge near Mannington was burned this a. m. There must be prompt movements from the west end of the road.

General Samuels has telegraphed Governor Tod and authorities at Pittsburg.

JER. C. SULLIVAN.

J. B. FORD.

WHEELING, VA., April 28, 1863.

(Received War Department, April 29-9 a. m.)

W. P. SMITH,

Baltimore, Md.:

Telegraphic communication re-established with Mannington, Grafton, and Clarksburg. Operator at Fairmont ran off and came down to Mannington. Showalter also deserted his post at Grafton, and is here. Will be sent to Parkersburg and out on the branch. Two bridges burned near Burton by citizens of the neighborhood, as at present supposed. Wilkinson burned one bridge between him and Grafton, under impression, created by Showalter, that Grafton was captured. This blunder of the operator has produced immeasurable confusion. Bridgebuilders and material, with a force of 200 or 300 guards, to be re-enforced on the road, will be sent out to-morrow to rebuild the burned bridges, and strengthen the force at Fairmont. Bridge there believed to be safe for the present. Sixty cars and one engine caught beyond the burned bridges, but believed to be uninjured, with engine at Grafton. This will enable us to communicate and transport men and supplies to Fairmont and Grafton.

JER. C. SULIVAN.

J. B. FORD.

APRIL 29, 1863.

General BUTTERFIELD:

The following has just been received from General Wadsworth's lieutenant:

There are heavy bodies of rebel infantry moving toward your right, two brigades, apparently. A battery is coming into position.

CUTLER,

General.

REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

