
APRIL 29, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER,

Army of the Potomac:

No change of note here. Heavy rain. Governor Seward was here to-day.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

April 29, 1863-11.30 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

From Wheeling I learn this morning that the telegraphic communication is re-established west of Grafton. Two bridges burned near Burton, between Wheeling and Grafton (supposed to be by citizens of the neighborhood). Colonel Wilkinson, of our forces, in a scare, burned a bridge between Clarksburg and Grafton. Will seed you my correspondence with him on the subject. Bridge-builders are going out with guard, to repair. The panic west of Grafton seems to have been made by two telegraph operators at Grafton and Fairmont, who deserted their posts and spread alarm. I will get their names in due time and report them. Bridge at Fairmont is safe. From Kelley, at New Creek, I learn all is safe and quiet at Rowlesburg. The rebels were beaten off and defeated of their great object-the destruction of the Cheat River Viaduct. Major Showalter is probably near Tunnelton, occupying turnpike to cut off the retreat. Will soon have the road and telegraph in working order again all the way through, but I get no certain intelligence of the movements of that force of rebel cavalry that went to Morgantown.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

April 29, 1863-1.10 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I have just received the following dispatch of to-day from General Roberts:

Arrived myself last night. Brigade, men and horses, all exhausted by three days' and nights' forced march. Can do nothing with them for twenty-four hours or more. Imboden's and Jackson's forces, over 4,000 strong, were on Sunday at and about Philippi, and arriving there, I believe, for this place. Jones is now at Fairmont, probably 2,000 strong. A force was reported to me last night at Webster, but nothing is known of it this morning. Jones can unite his forces with Imboden's and Jackson's, to destroy Parkersburg or this place. They are too strong [for us] to scatter forces to protect any points but this and Parkersburg. We must keep this [place] and the supplies here. If General Cox can send 4,000 or 5,000 men to Parkersburg, it should be done, and the enemy captured or defeated. We have no cavalry for captures.

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Can you send any help to Parkersburg? I have none here.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

(Same to Halleck, omitting request for help.)

