
BALTIMORE, MD., April 29, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The fighting, the way it looks now, may be west of the Alleghanies. The report by Roberts of rebels concentrating in that quarter is highly probable. But I do not credit the report of Jones and his 2,000 at Fairmont. I have nothing with which to re-enforce Roberts. Have sent copy of his dispatch to Burnside. Will you give any orders to Burnside?

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 29, 1863-2.30 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

If you have any available troops that can be temporarily detached to assist General Schenck, throw them in to Parkersburg and Wheeling. I do not mean that you shall withdraw troops from Kentucky.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 29, 1863-3.05 p. m.

Major-General SCHENCK,

Baltimore, Md.:

Two companies have gone from Sundusky to Wheeling, and Governor Tod has also sent, it is said, some others to the same place. General Burnside will assist, if he has any available troops, but he can withdrew none from Kentucky. The enemy's raid is variously estimated at from 1,500 to 4,000. You have 45,000 under your command. If you cannot concentrate enough to meet the enemy, it does not argue well for your military dispositions.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

April 29, 1863-11 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The following three dispatches have just been received:

CLARKSBURG, VA., April 29, 1863.

Fairmont is taken, and the bridge at that place burned and the piers blown up.

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General.

NEW CREEK, VA.,

April 29, 1863-7 p. m.

The following dispatches just received from Colonel Mulligan:

"It is not possible for me to support him, as Youghiogheny Bridge will not be repaired till Friday noon. If any troops can be spared from Washington, they might be sent so as to arrive at bridge by the time it will be done. It will not be prudent to take any troops away from the railroad to send west."

I also received a dispatch from Wilkinson, dated at Clarksburg, in which he said

