
Roberts had arrived at Clarksburg with his force, and they were expecting a combined attack from Imboden and Jones.

"After a severe engagement, our forces have been driven from Fairmont to Grafton. I will probably be attacked to-night or early in the morning. I will make a desperate fight; support me."

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., April 29, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: You may have observed some published notice of a bridge between Grafton and Clarksburg being burned by order of an officer of my own command. It was done by Colonel Wilkinson, Sixth Regiment Virginia Volunteer Infantry, commanding Sixth Brigade, of General Kelley's division, when the enemy were not yet within 40 miles of him. The inclosed telegraphic correspondence will explain.

If Colonel Wilkinson does not ask for a court of inquiry, I expect to give him a court-martial.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosures.]

GRAFTON, VA., April 26, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK:

The enemy are at Oakland, and have driven in our pickets at Rowlesburg. Wires cut at Oakland. Twenty-third Illinois and One hundred and sixth New York left Webster this morning for Philippi and Beverly. All quiet at Buckhannon last advices.

N. WILLKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Brigade.

CLARKSBURG, VA., April 27, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK:

Scout at Rowlesburg from Cranberry just now reports telegraph and railroad at latter place destroyed. The rebels crossed at Cranberry early this morning, from 800 to 1,000 strong, their destination Kingwood. General Jones has started a force to Fellowsville, thence to Tunnelton or Newburg. This will completely surround Rowlesburg and cut off all communication.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

CLARKSBURG, April 27, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK:

At 12 noon the operator at Grafton telegraphed that the enemy were there. He destroyed his instrument and left. Communicated the fact to General Roberts, and we thought better to burn a bridge near Bridgeport to prevent their coming this way by rail. Roberts is said

