
to be on his way here by way of Weston and Janelew. I cannot communicate with him. He left Buckhannon at noon. I presume Rowlesburg has been taken. Enemy, 5,000 strong, are reported at Morgantown. I have but 150 men here, having sent re-enforcements to Rowlesburg and Grafton. Mulligan is supposed to be at Grafton. Will carry out your instructions soon as we get communication opened and my forces can be gotten out. The enemy's whereabouts entirely unknown.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CLARKSBURG, VA., April 27, 1863.

(Via Cincinnati).

Major-General SCHENCK:

More forces than are now west of Rowlesburg will be needed here to speedily and effectually clear out the rebels. Every resident secessionist is feeling strong and ready to work against us.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CLARKSBURG, VA., April 28, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK:

Received two telegrams from you at 10.15 a. m. Prior to receiving your previous noon dispatches, I had thrown into Rowlesburg four howitzers and 270 men, which made the garrison 545, men and officers, and 60 men additional on the way were compelled to stop at Grafton. I had also ordered the Eleventh Virginia to concentrate this way. All ordered on Sunday, by which you will perceive I had anticipated your instructions. The after events permit me to explain by letter. I have been going four days and nights without sleep, and am somewhat wearied. Roberts' advance guard just reached here.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, MD., April 26 [27?], 1863.

Colonel WILKINSON,

Clarksburg, Va.:

You must, with all the force you can command, work eastward against the enemy from Grafton.

Communicate at once with General Roberts and Mulligan.

They should endeavor to close in from the south to co-operate with you and with General Kelley's forces from the east. Beside pushing along the railroad westward from New Creek, General Kelley will also send a force westward on the Northwestern turnpike.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, MD., April 27, 1863-11 p. m.

Colonel N. WILKINSON,

Clarksburg, Va.:

I am surprised, after my dispatch to you did not proceed yourself with all of whatever force you could command to Grafton. That is the point from which to press eastward on the enemy,

