
apparently reliable just comes from Milroy that one rebel brigade is now at Petersburg, and five brigades, under A. P. Hill, en route for Winchester. Still, you must withdraw what you think possible from Harper's Ferry. If troops are sent from Washington at all, they can stop at Harper's Ferry.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, April 29, 1863-9 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I have ordered all the troops that can possibly be spared from the different camps, and have made an arrangement with the naval authorities here to send two gunboats, one from this place, which leaves to-night, and one from Cairo.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

APRIL 29, 1863.

Captain A. B. DOD (Care of Adjutant-General Samuels, Wheeling, Va.):

Dispatch from General Roberts, at Clarksburg, says the enemy will make their attack on Parkersburg and not at Wheeling. This is the most probable case. Collect all the information you can get, and if it shows there is danger of an attack at Parkersburg, you will collect boats at Wheeling, and move your command down the river. Keep these headquarters fully advised.

By command of Brigadier General J. D. COX:

G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 29, 1863.

General J. A. J. LIGHTBURN, Wheeling:

Did not know you were at Wheeling or I should have consulted you, General Roberts, from Clarksburg, telegraphed that he thought Parkersburg in most danger. Please give me the most reliable information you have.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

CINCINNATI, April 29, 1863.

Brigadier-General ROBERTS:

At urgent solicitation of Wheeling authorities, everything available here has been forwarded to that point, though the whole is only a fraction of what you desire. I have ordered boats at Wheeling to be ready to carry the force to Parkersburg. Nearly the whole force of this department is south of the Ohio, but General Schenck is pushing forces rapidly west, as we learn. I am very confident he will make it dangerous for any heavy force of the enemy to come far this way. Some gunboats will go up at once and co-operate with our troops. We will do everything in our power to aid you. Please let me know from time to time the condition of affairs.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

