
CINCINNATI, April 29, 1863.

Governor TOD, Columbus:

I learn from Wheeling that they are satisfied the troops are needed most at Parkersburg, and have shipped them to that point.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,

Numbers 24. Washington, April 29, 1863.

I. All telegrams sent must have the hour when sent marked on them. All received, the hour when received.

II. When troops are ordered to move, the hour they move must be promptly reported. When of a large body, the hour when the movement commences and when it ends.

III. When an expedition returns, a summary report and the hour of returning to camp must be immediately made, and as soon thereafter as practicable a full written report forwarded to these headquarters. The names of officers in command, or mentioned, must be given in full, as well as their rank and regiment. An officer signing his report, or any official report, must also give his official signature.

IV. All information of any movement of the enemy must be promptly forwarded to these headquarters direct, as well as to the intermediate commanders, when it can be done, by telegraph, and in other cases, when time will be gained, if it is of importance.

V. Special attention is called to Article XXXIV (Orders and Correspondence), Revised Army Regulations for 1861.

By command of Major-General Heintzelman:

C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

April 29, 1863.

Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg:

The Department has been informed that a cavalry force, the numbers of which have been exaggerated, made their appearance three days ago on the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, their object being to create a diversion from movements on our side. An adequate force has been ordered to pursue and capture them, and if they should venture into Pennsylvania, it is believed that their escape will be impossible. General Elliott, an able officer, with his command, is directing his attention to them.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

[Secretary of War.]

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

April 30, 1863-1.10 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Falmouth, Va.:

The military supervisor of telegraphs, Major Eckert, will send you by mail all the information that has yet been procured in respect to the story about the submarine telegraph. You will have to protect your-

