
CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

April 30, 1863.

Brigadier General J. GIBBON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Your dispatch to General Butterfield, respecting an anticipated mutiny among six companies of the Thirty-fourth New York Regiment, received. In answer, I am instructed to say that Generals Meade and Sickles, in similar cases, had the refractory men surrounded by a guard, and informed that if they persisted in their insubordination they would do so at the peril of their lives. Those generals were informed by the commanding general that they would be sustained in any course they found it necessary to adopt to enforce obedience. The commanding general is at present absent from camp.

The official statement from the Adjutant-General's Office shows that the term of service of the Thirty-fourth New York Regiment expires June 15 and 16, 1863. If, however, the regiment is one of those originally mustered into the State service for two years, and into the United States service for three months, and subsequently transferred by the Governor of New York to the United States for the unexpired portion of the State service, the term of service is to be reckoned from the date of the original muster into the State service, which may be earlier than that above mentioned.

Very respectfully, &c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 30, 1863.

Lieutenant-Commander MAGAW,

Aquia Creek:

The major-general commanding desires that you have every available vessel of your fleet suitable for such purpose, at Aquia Creek, to convoy store-ships. Please answer.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 30, 1863-5.30 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER:

Firing at Sedgwick's. No report yet. Shall that order be printed about firing low, &c., and shall some cavalry of Patrick's be sent to United States Ford for prisoners?

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

April 30, 1863-6.45 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER:

Nothing of importance received since you left, except the inclosed lines from General Sedgwick, with a copy of my reply attached.*

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

