
siderable cannonading in front of Sedgwick. Nothing from him yet. I have received no orders for Gibbon. He is held in readiness to move in accordance with your last instructions. I inclose list of casualties in Reynolds' corps from shelling by the enemy, which commenced about 5 or 6 o'clock and lasted until dark. Also copy of dispatch from Sedgwick about detail for pontoon train. I have telegraphed you, and expect reply as to relieving him from Gibbon. Shall do so if I get no reply. Comstock is here, pretty well used up; gone to bed; reports his train in bad condition; not fit for crossing trains, only for infantry, possibly for cavalry. Have directed him to United States Ford very early to-morrow a. m., in case nothing from you, to take his train again. Orders will reach him sent telegraph office, United States Ford.

All quiet here now. No apparent diminution in enemy's strength in front of Sedgwick, and no movements reported.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 30, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER,

United States Ford:

Enemy shelled Reynolds for an hour or two before dark. Casualties reported, 5 killed and 16 wounded.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

APRIL 30, 1863-7.15 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER,

United States Ford:

Comstock just arrived here. Reports his train unreliable for anything but infantry. Have you any orders for him?

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

SEDDON HOUSE, VA.,

April 30, 1863.

Captain CUSHING:

Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac:

SIR: With the exception of one regiment, seen to move toward Fredericksburg this morning, the enemy has not appeared in force opposite this point to-day. Two remaining camps at points southwest and west appear to be occupied, but I should judge by very few men. Enemy's picket below Snow Creek is very light, indeed. A squad of cavalry came to the river bank about 12 m., seeming to have some business, examining the river bank for some distance. Enemy's pickets fired upon ours, driving them from the bank. Rebel signal officers appear remarkably busy. Six of the 12 men who have been under my charge were taken away this morning by Lieutenant-Colonel Crane, deputy provost-marshal-general.

Very respectfully, &c.,

J. B. BROOKS,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

