
SEDGWICK'S CROSSING,

April 30, 1863.

Captain CUSHING:

Cannot see any large body of troops moving either way. They seem to be filling the earthworks to the rear and left of Fredericksburg with troops; and, from appearances, should think they have a number of guns in position in the works. From all appearances, should judge that the enemy were massing troops in front of Brooks. A train of five wagons has just left the rebels' first line, Bowling Green road, and are now on their way to the rear, directly in front of Brooks.

E. C. PIERCE,

Captain.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 30, 1863-2.15 p. m.

Commanding Officer, Fifth Army Corps:

No advance beyond Chancellorsville till columns are concentrated.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff.

APRIL 30, 1863-5 a. m.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires you to cross the rest of your command and be in readiness to move as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 30, 1863-7 a. m.

Major General O. O. HOWARD:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires you to move your last division over the river at once. There is no apparent effort being made to cross the troops.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

April 30, 1863.

Major-General COUCH, United States Ford:

The major-general commanding directs me to inclose you copy of instructions to General's Slocum and Meade. You are directed to cross as speedily as practicable with your infantry, artillery, ammunition wagons, and a few wagons for forage, and two ambulances to a division. You will have the bridge laid without delay as soon as the enemy leaves. Don't let a small force keep you back. Establish rapid communication with the telegraph at Banks' Ford and with Meade and Slocum, as the telegraph from Banks' to United States Ford works so slow. You will move to support Slocum. Be careful that no trains cross at United States Ford until further orders, as they will only be in the way.

