
Meade's ammunition wagons may have to cross. The trains should cross at some point to be designated.

The general directs me to add, in moving in support of Slocum, move toward the heaviest firing in the event of his advance being disputed. The general wishes you to be up with him to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

April 30, 1863-9.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General WARREN:

I have not received a word from United States Ford this morning. Do send me by the bearer all the news. He is directed to run his horse.

I have sent up additional details from the Engineer Brigade to assist at the bridges. When they are thrown across, I desire you to report to the commanding officer at Chancellorsville, to assist him, and give him the benefit of your advice in establishing a line of defense at that place or vicinity. The maps indicate that a formidable position can be taken there. Please show this to General Slocum, and to General Couch when he comes up.

I am informed that the enemy continues in full force in front of General Sedgwick. At all events, we want to hold the strongest position that section affords to-night, and be in readiness to take the initiative in the morning.

Until Banks' Ford is uncovered, the route by the United States Ford must be understood as our line of operations. The weather is favorable for securing our positions, and, after all is over, the Rapidan is no advantage to the enemy over ourselves.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 30, 1863-1 p. m.

Major-General COUCH, United States Ford:

Third Corps is under orders to be across the river at United States Ford at 7 a. m. to-morrow. The column in en route. Meade's batteries are on the way. Headquarters will be at Chancellorsville to-night.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 30, 1863-2.15 p. m.

Captain COMSTOCK:

The general directs that no advance be made from Chancellorsville until the columns are concentrated. he expects to be at Chancellorsville to-night.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

(Copy to Generals Couch and Meade.)

20 R R-VOL XXV, PT II

