
CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

April 30, 1863.*

Major-General SEDGWICK:

In reply to yours, this moment received, the general commanding has gone to Chancellorsville. Sickles' (Third) corps was ordered to move to that point before he wrote your letter of instructions. From this I judge it was [not?] to be a portion of your present command. I will send your letter to him by an orderly, with a copy of this reply, and may get telegraphic answer.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

APRIL 30, 1863-2.05 p. m.

Commanding Officer, Sixth Corps:

General Reynolds telegraph enemy formed column of attack; threatens his right, and advancing. General directs you to assume command, and make necessary preparations. Post batteries in position, and defend bridge-heads at all hazards.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,April 30, 1863-3 p. m.

[Captain CUSHING:]

Received message from Major-General Butterfield in regard to General Reynolds being threatened.

JOHN SEDGWICK,

Major-General.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., April 30, 1863.

Brigadier-General BENHAM, Commanding Engineer Brigade:

The commanding general directs that you have one of the bridges at Franklin's crossing and one of the bridges at Reynolds' crossing+ taken up to-night, and in position to be laid at Banks' Ford before daylight to-morrow. The bridges to be laid with the utmost dispatch at Banks' Ford the instant the enemy abandons his works there, which will be early to-morrow morning. The chief quartermaster will be furnished with a copy of this order, and will supply whatever teams are required. This movement must be concealed from the enemy, and nothing be done that will betray the movement before dark to-night. The commanding general will hold you strictly responsible that this order is fully complied with.

Very respectfully, &c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy furnished Major-General Sedgwick and Reynolds and chief quartermaster.)

---------------

*Later than 12.30 p. m. See Butterfield to commanding officer Third Army Corps, 12.30 p. m., p. 314.

+See Butterfield to Gibbon, same date, p. 312.

---------------

