
The general, in speaking privately to me about the order in which the movements of the Fifth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Corps were commended, said he had been informed that there was some little feeling down on the left that they were not counted in. He said that would all come right. He expected, when he left here, if he met with no serious opposition, to be on the heights west of Fredericksburg to-morrow noon or shortly after, and, if opposed strongly, to-morrow night. Meade has about 200 prisoners, I learn unofficially; Slocum not heard from. Gibbon will probably be ordered at sunrise to move to Banks' Ford and cross to join his corps. Please consider this confidential, and written privately for your information. Communicate as much of it as you think proper, confidentially, to Reynolds.

Very truly, yours,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

APRIL 30, 1863.

[Major-General SEDGWICK:]

Before General Sickles moves, General Hooker desires to know what and all information General Sedgwick has of the enemy's forces and position.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,April 30, 1863-2.30 p. m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD, Chief of Staff:

The force in front of Falmouth seems to have been decreased. Nothing seen but some few sentinels, small supports in the trenches, and now and then a small detachment in the works on top of the farthest hills. Is there any news?

JOHN GIBBON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 30, 1863 (Received 3.50 p. m.)

Brigadier-General GIBBON,

Commanding Second Division, Second Corps:

Fill up haversacks and knapsacks with eight days' rations, as per order. by ready to move at daylight to-morrow to join your corps.

By order of General Hooker:

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

APRIL 30, 1863-9.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General GIBBON:

Hold four regiments ready to relieve that number moving with two pontoon bridges from Sedgwick's crossing to Banks' Ford. Let them go prepared to remain and cross there, or return as ordered. Answer, and wait further orders.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

