HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS,April 30, 1863-1.55 p. m.

General BUTTERFIELD:

Enemy have formed a column of attack which threatens my right. They we advancing.

REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, April 30, 1863.

General BUTTERFIELD, Chief of Staff:

If General Hooker has not seen the positions of the lower bridges, and has time, I would like him to see them.

JOHN F. REYNOLDS,Major-General Volunteers.

APRIL 30, 1863-11 a. m.

General REYNOLDS:

I have the honor to report that until 6 p. m. yesterday there was a steady column of troops passing this point, going in the direction of Fredericksburg. The column extended across the range of hills south of this point. Ten batteries wee counted. They were followed by a train of ambulances and wagons. The column passed through Smith-field, a small town opposite.

LOUIS R. FORTESCUE,

Lieutenant.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

April 30, 1863-12.30 p. m.

Commanding Officer, Third Corps:

Upon the receipt of this order you will proceed with your corps, without delay, be the shortest road, concealed from view of the enemy, to the United States Ford. The batteries taken from your command, placed in position to cover the crossing, will be relieved, it is expected, in time to join you. It is desired that, in marching, your troops and your trains entire should be concealed from the sight of the enemy, that they may not be aware of your movement. Your pack-mules, small-arm ammunition train, and two ambulances to a division to accompany you. Forage for animals for two days from to-day. The greatest promptness in executing this movement and arriving at your destination is expected of you. As much of your corps as can cross on the bridge at United States Ford to cross to-night, and all to cross by 7 a. m. to-morrow.

General Couch precedes you, and the batteries left by General Meade also. After crossing, you will take up your line of march toward chancellorsville. Keep your troops in as good condition as possible while fully complying with your orders.

Don't burden yourself with any transportation not absolutely needed. Every wagon is one too many in the way where they can be dispensed with. Send some one ahead to see your road clear, and use your pioneers when necessary.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

