
SUFFOLK,

April 30, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

The enemy opened upon the Commodore Barney this afternoon with one Whitworth, one 30-pounder, and one 35-pounder Parrott. The Barney and Captain Morris' battery, in Fort Stevens, silenced the battery very handsomely. Heavy rain for two days and much mud.

JOSH J. PECK,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 48. Camp near Falmouth, Va., April 30, 1863.

The frequent transmission of false intelligence and the betrayal of the movements of the army to the enemy, by the publication of injudicious correspondence of an anonymous character, makes it necessary to require all newspaper correspondents to publish their communications over their own signatures.

In case of failure to comply with this order, through their own or their employers' neglect, such correspondents will be excluded from, and the circulation of the journals for which they correspond suppressed within, the lines of this army.

Commanding officers and provost-marshals are directed to enforce this order, and will keep themselves informed of all the correspondents within the limits of their respective camps, and should any such disregard its requirements, will send them forthwith beyond the lines of this army.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WINCHESTER, VA.,

April 30, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK,

Baltimore:

The following information received, through the instrumentality of Leopole, from a lieutenant and a private of prisoners brought in yesterday. The lieutenant says his name is John J. Wymer, second lieutenant Company H, Eleventh Virginia Cavalry; that there are two squadrons of cavalry in the Valley, under Major [Samuel B.] Myers, this side of Woodstock; that A. P. Hill is at Harrisonburg with one division of his corps, five brigades strong. Don't know where other divisions of his corps are; that Jones, with the greater part of his forces, has gone to tear up the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and is to return and take Romney, and come from that place to Winchester by the time Hill reaches here; that Imboden has been re-enforced from Richmond with 4,000 men, and that it is the intention of the rebels to take and hold this Valley at all hazards. The private is of the rebels to take and hold this Valley at all hazards. The private is of the same regiment, and says that on Friday last he was sent by Jones with a dispatch to A. P. Hill, at Harrisonburg; that when he left there Hill's division had orders to cook five days' rations, for what purpose he did not know, but the general impression was that they were coming down to drive Milroy from Winchester. The lieutenant further stated that he left

