
his regiment at Petersburg Friday last with 6 men, to report to Hill, at Harrisonburg, and met the forces under Elliott, and was captured at Wardensville.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., April 30, 1863.

(Received 1.15 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have directed General Kelley to withdraw every man that can possibly be spared from Harper's Ferry; to proceed on the railroad westward, leaving maryland Heights guarded, and General Milroy to sustain himself at Winchester with less backing. The number I can furnish, however, from there cannot exceed two or three regiments, part of Kenly's having been sent two days ago. Nothing can come to Grafton from the west now, the communication with Wheeling being cut off. The bridge burned by Colonel Wilkinson was between Roberts, at Clarksburg, and Grafton.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

April 30, 1863.

Major-General MILROY,

Commanding Second Division, Winchester, Va.:

It looks as if it may be soon at Winchester a question of evacuation or of re-enforcement. General Halleck thinks it no place to fight for, but an outpost from which it were better to withdraw. I prefer to hold it, and to be re-enforced, if possible. To-morrow I will be able, I think, to telegraph you some decided order. Kenly's brigade has gone from Harper's Ferry along the railroad westward, to take share in the fight there. i have sent 800 men from here to add to the garrison on Maryland Heights.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, MD., April 30, 1863.

(Received 9.55 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

This is from General Kelley, at New Creek, this morning, 1.30 a. m.:

Have ordered General Kenly to move with his two remaining infantry regiments. The One hundred and fifty-first New York and Miner's (Indiana) battery will watch the New Creek Valley closely. It now looks to me like a grand combined movement of the enemy. If I withdraw Smith, I will blockade the Northwestern road with timber for miles between North Branch and Stone River. Nothing from Grafton since my last.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

The whole of the troops at Harper's Ferry, on the Virginia side, are now gone westward with General Kenly, leaving only the garrison on

