
by night and in working order, with a party to work across from Banks' Ford the moment the bridge is laid. Please leave directions there where they will carry the telegraph to on the other side. Nothing new. The deserter's, whose statement I sent you, is all the intelligence we have. So foggy, balloons can see nothing.

Very respectfully,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 1, 1863-10.25 a. m.

Commanding Officer, Sixth Corps:

The following dispatch of a column of infantry and artillery wagons in motion toward our right just received:

A column of enemy's infantry, artillery, and wagons, extending whole length of ridge and south of Tyler's battery. Head of column out of sight, moving from direction of railroad station toward our right. The force is apparently heavy. The stone wall under Marye's Heights is not occupied this morning. There is also reduction of force in railroad cut and trenches from the city to a mile south of it. The trench in rear of Howison's is evacuated between that house and Hazel Run.

P. A. TAYLOR.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

MAY 1, 1863.

Commanding Officer, Sixth Corps:

Taylor reports (10.10 a. m.):

Wagon-train moving up toward our right on road in rear of Dahlman's and Morrison's houses. The column reported moving toward our right, south of Tyler's battery, is still passing. There appears to be much artillery, many pieces with 8 horses.

The hour of last dispatch should have been 8.45 o'clock instead of 8 o'clock. My watch had stopped.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

F SIGNAL STATION, May 1, 1863-11 a. m.

General BUTTERFIELD, Chief of Staff:

The enemy's direction is northwest. Infantry moving to right, on road in rear of Dahlman and Guest's houses, we believe to be the column reported from direction of railroad station. This they strike the Orange Plank road to the right of Morrison's house. It is very hazy. We can only see the glittering of bayonets and wagon tops through the opening in hill in front of Tyler's battery. Destination seems to be toward Chancellorsville, as they strike the Plank road on which the village is situated.

HALL.

CIRCULAR.] CHANCELLORSVILLE, VA.,

May 1, 1863-9.30 a. m.

Corps commanders will hold their corps in hand, and wherever their commands may find themselves night or day they will keep pickets well thrown out on all the approaches to their positions. The safety of this army depends upon this being rigidly executed. They will

