
direct their quartermasters to remain with their trains, all except their ambulance trains and pack trains of ammunition, which will follow the troops to which they belong. Neither officers nor men must leave their commands unless required to do so on duty.

All wagons now over will be brought forward as far as Chancellorsville, and will be parked off the road between the Plank road and the river. No more wagons will be allowed to cross the United States Ford.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

WM. L. CANDLER,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

CIRCULAR.] CHANCELLORSVILLE, VA.,

May 1, 1863-11 a. m.

The Fifth Corps, including three batteries, will be thrown on to the River road by most direct route, the head of it advanced to near midway between Mott's and Colin Runs, the movement to be masked by small parties thrown out in advance, and to be completed at 2 o'clock.

The Twelfth Corps, including its batteries, will be massed below the Plank road, the head of it resting near Tabernacle Church, and masked from the view of the enemy by small advanced parties, and the movement to be completed at 12 o'clock, to enable the Eleventh Corps to take its position.

The Eleventh Corps, with its batteries, will be masked ont he Plank road, about 1 miles in rear of the Twelfth. This movement to be completed at 2 o'clock.

One division of the Second Corps, with one battery, will take a position at Todd's Tavern, and will throw out strong detachments on the approaches in the direction of the enemy.

The other division and batteries of the corps will be massed out of the road near Chancellorsville, these dispositions to be made at once.

The Third Corps will be massed as fast as it arrives about 1 mile from Chancellorsville, on the United States Ford road, excepting one brigade, with a battery, which will take position at Dowdall's Tavern.

General Pleasonton will hold his command, excepting those otherwise engaged, at Chancellorsville.

After the movement commences, headquarters will be at Tabernacle Church.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

WM. L. CANDLER,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

BALLOON IN AIR, NEAR HEADQUARTERS,

May 1, 1863-Noon.

General HOOKER:

GENERAL: I can see no earthworks on Bowling Green road. Should judge the guns had been taken from earthworks to right of Fredericksburg. Another train; wagons moving to right, on road about 1 mile from beyond heights, opposite Franklin's crossing. Enemy's barracks opposite Banks' Ford are deserted. Largest column of enemy is moving on road toward Chancellorsville. The enemy on opposite heights, I judge, considerably diminished. Can see no change under the heights and rifle-pits. No diminution int he enemy's tents.

T. S. C. LOWE.

