
ford against the enemy's attempt to cross. I shall expect the batteries there. I will be at the white house. Will you direct the quartermaster to send a mule load of forage, at least, for the horses of myself, staff, servant, and orderlies? Answer me at Banks' Ford.

HENRY J. HUNT.

CIRCULAR.] CHANCELLORSVILLE, VA.,

May 1, 1863-4.20 p. m.

Commanders of the Second, Fifth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Corps will at once have their commands established on the lines assigned them last night, and have them put in condition of defense without a moment's delay. The major-general commanding rusts that a suspension in the attack to-day will embolden the enemy to attack him. All the trains belonging to the commands will be withdrawn within the lines and parked in the rear.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

WM. L. CANDLER,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

CHANCELLORSVILLE, VA.,

May 1, 1863.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

After having ordered an attack at 2 o'clock, and most of the troops in position, I suspended the attack on the receipt of new from the other side of the river. Hope the enemy will be emboldened to attack me. I did feel certain of success. If his communications are cut, he must attack me. I have a strong position.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

P. S.-All the enemy's cavalry are on my flanks, which leads me to suppose that our dragoons will meet with no obstacle in cutting their communications.

CIRCULAR.] CHANCELLORSVILLE, VA.,

May 1, 1863-6 p. m.

Corps commanders will set their pioneers at work in their fronts to make abatis and clearing for artillery. The pioneers will be kept at work during the night.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

WM. L. CANDLER,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

SIGNAL STATION AT FITZHUGH HOUSE,

May 1, 1863-5.30 p. m.

Captain CUSHING:

I can see no infantry opposite this place. Two camps that were in the woods with their parks of wagons have been removed during the day.

The enemy have thrown up an earthwork on a knoll about half a mile

