
back of the mouth of the Massaponax, directly opposite this place; they have apparently two batteries mounted there.

A long line of wagons has just passed, going up the river.

LOUIS R. FORTESCUE,

Acting Signal Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Reply forwarded to General Sedgwick, commanding left wing.

SAMUEL T. CUSHING,

Captain and Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 1, 1863. (Received 5.40 p. m.)

Colonel D. H. RUCKER, Quartermaster:

I leave now to join our army on the south side. Be prepared for transportation of forage and subsistence in light-draught vessels, if required. Notify Ferguson and Stoddard. I will advise you of events.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 1, 1863-7 p. m.

General HOOKER:

Order for Sedgwick received at 5.45 o'clock. His troops are now advancing, at 6.45 o'clock. Order in regard to Averell received. Will be attended to. Sharpe's man from Richmond has returned. Reports 59,000 rations issued to Lee's army. Eight thousand or 10,000 troops the whole about Richmond. The dispatch will be sent in full in a few minutes. Am I not to join you in tim for the fight? Haupt is ready to spring with the bridge. Sedgwick has eight days' rations in haver-sacks and knapsacks. Twelve regiments of enemy's infantry, sixty-eight wagons and ambulances, and one squadron of cavalry, passed along toward Richmond on the Telegraph road, the rear passing at 5.30 o'clock. They are moving rapidly.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

MAY 1, 1863-7.20 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER:

Sharpe's Richmond man returned. Following report received:

Our friend just returned. The works around Richmond are most formidable at Meadow Bridge and Mechanicsville road. They are intended for field artillery. No guns in position. Fifty-nine thousand rations issued to Lee's army, exclusive of cavalry. Not able to learn their number. Rumor put it down from 8,000 to 12,000 troops. At Richmond are the City Battalion and some artillery. Two thousand seven hundred rations issued to the troops in Richmond in active service. General Wise has 5,000 on the Peninsula. Longstreet has three divisions at Suffolk. When they left Lee, they were each 8,000 strong. Their effective force, all told, not over 15,000 men. D. H. Hill is ordered from Washington, N. C., to re-enforce Longstreet's corps. He may, however, take Longstreet's place at Suffolk, and Lee may be-enforced by Longstreet. Imboden has 2,500 men at Staunton. If not sent to Jones, may go to Lee. No other re-enforcements can be brought to Lee in any reasonable time. Jones has 4,500 men in Western Virginia.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

