HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 1, 1863-10.05 p. m.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: General Hooker directs me to telegraph all information I receive concerning the re-enforcements of the enemy from Richmond, as it may have an important bearing on movements elsewhere, and to say that all the cavalry are in his immediate presence. Our information is as follows:

Two deserters from a Louisiana regiment of Early's division, who came in this morning-born in New York State, but for some time residents of the South-report that while detached to the rear of their lines yesterday, near Hamilton's Crossing, to bake provisions for their company, they saw Hood's division pass by along the line; that they talked to the troops and asked them where they belonged. The character of these men and the nature of the information they gave as to the position of the enemy in front of the left wing of the army causes me to rely upon their statements. Colonel Sharpe, deputy provost-marshal-general, advises me that deserters from Early's division had heard their captain say on Wednesday that Hood and Pickett would be here in time for the fight.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 1, 1863-10.30 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER:

I have received several dispatches from you dated 8.45 p. m.; one directing the utmost vigilance of Sedgwick and Gibbon to learn the earliest movements of the enemy; Gibbon to send a brigade to Banks' Ford; suitable force sent and properly posted to prevent any crossing; orders to telegraph all information to Washington concerning re-enforcements of the enemy from Richmond; one in which you say you do not know what I mean by talking of going to Washington. The character of these dispatches received leaves no doubt in my mind that my dispatches to you have either been mutilated or tampered with. I have, therefore, caused a literal copy of every dispatch which I have sent you to be made and forwarded herewith by special messenger. I have sent you, to my recollection, no information of any demonstration of the enemy toward Banks' Ford. I have no information with regard to the arrival of Pickett's division from the south, except in the memoranda from Colonel Sharpe, which I inclose.* With regard to Hood's division, Reynolds and Sedgwick had the impression yesterday that the enemy were re-enforced from Richmond. Two deserters came in to-day, one of them quite an intelligent man. From a long and careful examination of him, I became satisfied that a portion, at least, of Hood's division had arrived from Richmond. I make a resume of the movements of the enemy in front of Sedgwick as impressed upon my mind by the character of all the information received to-day, viz: That Hood's division, or such portion of it as arrived, moved up in front of you toward Chancellorsville; that A. P. Hill's division was relieved last night by Early's division, and moved off to your front. Their movements were

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

