
visible from 8.30 to 11.30 o'clock by our signal officers and balloons. After 11.30 o'clock no movements from the enemy's right to his left, that is, from Sedgwick's front to yours, has been visible at all during the day, except trifling detachments. Orders have been issued for patrols on the telegraph lines, with direction to put to death instantly any person found tampering or interfering with them at all. Five miles of telegraph wire is at Banks' Ford, with instruments, ready to cross there, and were ordered there on the supposition that Banks' Ford would be uncovered by the operations of to-day. Can be changed to United States Ford if you so direct.

The report of the effect of demonstration of Sedgwick is, the enemy got under arms. Reynolds adds (to General Sedgwick), from what he had told General Sedgwick, he would understand that Reynolds could not move without bringing on an engagement.

The artillery, as requested by General Hunt, has all been sent to Banks' Ford. General Patrick has been during the day at United States Ford, with 100 cavalry. Sent about 40, under Colonel Cram, to yourself, to keep communication open. He reports that the telegraph wire was broken by the carelessness f the artillery. I have sent Colonel Platt to Banks' Ford to assist in posting troops there. A brigade of General Gibbon, as directed in your orders, has been directed to proceed there.

Privati dispatch from General Wadsworth reports the troops in good spirits and position a strong one.

The only thin I have tried to say about Washington in my dispatches to you is that I have reported nothing to the President, Secretary, General Halleck, or any one else; that I have not allowed any dispatches to go to give any one information of what is occurring. I desired to know if this met your approval. I did not feel authorized myself to make any statements without your approval.

I send herewith, in addition to the copies of my dispatches, copies of information and dispatches received from other sources, that have not been sent up by special messengers before.

I directed General Benham, as will be seen by copy of my dispatch to you, to forward you all important information from Banks' Ford by couriers, and hereafter not to send you from there promptly all the reports from the balloon. The delay in your getting balloon reports or reports of the movements of the enemy this morning was for two reasons-first, nothing could have been discovered until about 9 o'clock, owing to the fog; second, the telegraph had been interfered with and has not been in working order.

I send this by special messenger, directed to wait for your reply, and return before morning with any directions for operations to-morrow.

Inclosed is Richmond paper of yesterday.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

MAY 1, 1863.

Commanding Officer, Sixth Corps:

Deserters just received from Early's division, Hays' brigade, Jackson's corps. Their division relieved A. P. Hill, who marched up to our right. You have, I should judge from their statements, one less division

