
to-day yesterday in your front when they left. The table of regiments, &amp;c., given you is confirmed by all statements yet received.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 102. Chancellorsville, May 1, 1863.

I. Division commanders will at once get their commands under arms, prepared to move. Division commanders will report as soon as possible in person to the major-general commanding at the Chancellor house.

II. by direction of the commanding general, the troops of this corps will immediately move and assume the position indicated upon the accompanying sketch,* and to which General Griffin will be directed by Lieutenant-Colonel Webb, and General Sykes by Captain Mason. General Humphreys will alter his position after General Griffin has assumed his, Colonel Webb indicating to him on the sketch the new position he is to occupy. Each division commander will take every precaution to conceal this movement from the enemy, by having out their pickets and strong guards till near daylight, and calling them in at that time. They will also be careful to communicate with the commanding officers upon their right and left when they are about to move. Each division commander will take his artillery with him, and post it wherever practicable, and will make all practicable obstruction to the proposed advance of the enemy.

By command of Major General George G. Meade:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHANCELLORSVILLE, VA.,

May 1, 1863-4.45 p. m.

Major-General SLOCUM:

Let the right of your line fall back and rest at the saw-mill on Hunting Run, or in that direction, and have everything passed to the rear of it.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

WM. L. CANDLER,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

(Copy furnished Major-General Howard.)
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING,May 1, 1863-3 a. m.

Brigadier-General HUNT, Chief of Artillery:

General Reynolds wants a 20-pounder battery in place of the 3-inch battery sent him last night. Can you spare him one? He is opposed by 20-pounder guns. He reports the ammunition used in his 3-inch guns not good.

JOHN SEDGWICK,

Major-General, Commanding Left Wing, Army of the Potomac.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

