HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,May 1, 1863-9.20 a. m.

Major-General SEDGWICK,

Commanding Left Wing:

The only movement of the enemy visible since the fog lifted is the moving up of artillery on a ridge in my front, apparently toward the Telegraph road. Five batteries up to this time have been seen moving upon this road, and are still passing. In our immediate front the enemy are quiet. They have now guns in position to fire at our bridge, and partially enfilading our lines, but we are pretty well protected, and if they open their guns I think we can silence or take them. Of the batteries reported above, three had 8 horses. Some infantry were seen moving with them. The deserter who came last night reported they had a very large number of guns. The road on which this movement is taking place is, I think, the road leading from Hamilton's house out to the Telegraph road.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN F. REYNOLDS,

Major-General Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS,May 1, 1863.

Major-General SEDGWICK:

Commanding Left Wing:

GENERAL: I think the proper view to take of affairs is this: If they have not detached more than A. P. Hill's division from our front, they have been keeping up appearances, showing weakness, with a view of delaying Hooker, in tempting us to make an attack on their fortified position, and hoping to destroy us and strike for our depot over our bridges. We ought, therefore, in my judgment, to know something of what has transpired on the right. Do you not think this the correct view? Let me know, if you please, what you think of it.

Very respectfully, &c.,

JOHN F. REYNOLDS,

Major-General Volunteers, Commanding.

BALLOON IN THE AIR,

May 1, 1863-10 a. m.

Major-General SEDGWICK,

Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: A column of the enemy is now crossing a small run that empties into the Rappahannock at Banks' Ford. One of the columns that left from opposite here required thirty minutes to pass a given point.

The balloon at Banks' Ford is continually up. Long trains of wagons are still moving to the right.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. S. C. LOWE,

Chief of Aeronauts, Army of the Potomac.

22 R R-VOL XXV, PT II

