
CHANCELLORSVILLE, VA.,

May 1, 1863-8.45 p. m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

The telegram for Sedgwick's demonstration reached him too late. Order it in immediately.

JOSEPH HOOKER.

[Indorsement.]

Copy for information of General Sedgwick.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD.

MAY 1, 1863-8.50 p. m.

Commanding Officer, Sixth Corps:

General hooker countermands the demonstration as too late, and orders it in. Acknowledge.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

MAY 1, 1863-11 p. m.

General Reynolds has Wadsworth's division over the river occupying the rifle-pits. General newton, with Brooks' division, occupies the upper crossing with Light Brigade, 9,600 men. Inexpedient to cross a larger force unless they remain exposed to fire without protection or capacity for a reply. To make a good demonstration it would be necessary to take the Bowling Green road, which would lead to an engagement and possibly a check. The road could not be held only as a picket line, it being enfiladed opposite the two crossings. The railroad line has been strengthened by rifle-pits both along and front of it. The object of the demonstration was to expose their lines of battle.*

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 1, 1863-7 a. m.

General JOHN GIBBON:

The commanding general directs that one regiment only of your division remain with the pontoon train at Banks' Ford, and that you recall the three other regiments that accompanied the train last night. If all the regiments have returned, the general wishes to have one sent to Banks' Ford at once on duty with the bridge train. The general further directs that the remainder of your division of not move until further orders. Please acknowledge.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 1, 1863-9.25 a. m.

General GIBBON:

I have received a dispatch from the general, directing you to cross at Banks' Ford to-morrow at 9 a. m. This dispatch is dated May 1. I have

---------------

*This is the "brief" of a communication from Sedgwick entered in "Letters Received' book of the Army of the Potomac. The original paper not found.

---------------

