
HARRISBURG, PA.,

May 1, 1863. (Received May 1-4.25 p. m.)

ABRAHAM LINCOLN, President of the United States:

I am hourly receiving dispatches from the western part of this State. I presume you are well informed as to the doings of the rebels now threatening our border, and I have assured the people of that region that the General Government has the means and the disposition to protect them.

The following dispatches have just been received from Pittsburgh, dated this day:

The undersigned, who were present at a meeting of citizens to-day to confer with Governor Peirpoint, Senator [W. T.] Willey, and other Virginians, in relation to the threatening position of affairs on the border, by direction of that meeting, respectfully and earnestly request that you will immediately call out, or authorize General Thomas M. Howe to order out, such militia force as he may deem necessary to co-operate with the Federal forces now retreating from the border of Virginia and falling back on Pennsylvania.

J. K. MOREHEAD,

Chairman.

J. HERON FOSTER,

Secretary.

Also signed by John harper, C. W. Batchelor, Charles McKnight, James Park, jr., J. P. Penney, William M. Shinn. R. B. Carnahan, Robert P. Nevis, and others.

I would respectfully ask that the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Militia be sent at once to Fayette County, to join Major Showalter's battalion of Sixth Virginia in operation against the rebels now threatening Pennsylvania.

This regiment is ready to move.

Answer to General Howe.

F. H. PEIRPOINT,

Governor of Virginia.

I have had other dispatches, stating hat the Union forces have been repulsed and are falling back into Pennsylvania. I also learn from Governor Peirpoint that the rebels ar having everything their own way in Western Virginia, owing to their superior numbers.

I should be pleased to have you opinion as to the propriety of my complying with the requests contained int he above-quoted dispatched.

If it is your pleasure that I should call out the militia, immediate arrangements should be made for their transportation and subsistence. An immediate answer will greatly oblige.

I send copy of this dispatch to General Schenck.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

HARRISBURG, PA., May 1, 1863.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN, President of the United States:

I am so importuned from the west, where a great deal of alarm and anxiety justly prevails, that you will pardon me for earnestly requesting an answer to my dispatch of this p. m, so that I may be informed what preparations or means, if any, are being made use of or desired to protect this State from threatened invasion. The rebel force is doubtless greatly magnified, but there can be no doubt of it being much larger that our own.

Troops sent from Baltimore by railroad could reach union, Fayette County, in seventeen hours. A force sent at once would quiet all apprehension in Western Pennsylvania.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

