
HARRISBURG, PA.,

May 1, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Have just received following dispatch from S. T. von Barnhorst:

PITTSBURGH, PA.,

May 1, 1863-8.20 p. m.

Governor CURTIN:

News by Connellsville train this evening. major Showalter, commanding Union forces, has fallen back to Uniontown. postmaster of that place writes that rebel force, estimated at 20,000, is reported, under command of Stonewall Jackson.

A. G. CURTIN.

(Same to President and Generals Halleck and Schenck.)

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

May 1, 1863.

Governor CURTIN, Harrisburg, Pa.:

the whole disposable force at Baltimore and elsewhere in reach have already been sent after the enemy which alarms you. The worst thing the enemy could do for himself would be to weaken himself before Hooker, and therefore it is safe to believe he is not doing it, and the best thing he could do for himself would be to get us so scared as to bring part of Hooker's force away, and that is just what he is trying to do.

I will telegraph you in the morning about calling out the militia.

A. LINCOLN.

BALTIMORE,

May 1, 1863-2.40 p. m.

Brigadier-General KELLEY:

The Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, from Winchester, will take the cars westward from Martinsburg at 6 o'clock this afternoon. Am awaiting you answer to telegram sent you this morning as to Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, also asking if you will have Fourteenth New Jersey Infantry, 470 strong, on Virginia side.

Peirpoint telegraphs that rebels are concentrating, 7,000 strong, at Mannington. he says those as Morgantown came from Beverly. Look out if any part of this be true. It is possible they may design to draw all our force to Clarksburg, to get in our rear. Kenly can probably relieve Roberts without Mulligan.

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE,

May 1, 1863.

Gov. ANDREW G. CURTIN, Harrisburg:

I have no report that Union troops have been repulsed anywhere except at Fairmont, between Grafton and Wheeling, where, two days ago, a party guarding the bridge over the Monongahela were driven off by largely superior numbers, and the bridge destroyed. Other bridges near Littleton and Benton have also been burned. The enemy are now around Clarksburg, where Colonel Mulligan has gone to the relief of

