
General Roberts, and where I expect heir combined forces to drive and defeat the rebels. I hold Grafton, and occupy all the railroad from here to that point, the only serious damage on the line having been the burning of the bridge over the Youghiogheny, which has already been rebuilt and was crossed this morning by cars and troops.

I have no reliable information of any invasion of Pennsylvania. I have heard of the rebel force at morgantown, and am not certain whether they are there yet or now down near the railroad west of Grafton, or crossed over to join the others near Clarksburg.

The wild panic at Wheeling and at Pittsburgh has been to me all along unaccountable. Please pass this telegram on to Governor Peirpoint.

I find by report from General Kelley that the Governor was entirely mistaken about 7,000 rebels at Mannington. I wish the troops at Wheeling, instead of sticking to the town, would go out or send out and look along the railroad to help stop the mischief, if any is still going on west of Grafton. Besides about 4,500 troops of all arms with Roberts and Wilkinson, at Clarksburg, I have sent westward into the invaded district over 6,000. All I want is some co-operation from the direction of Pennsylvania and the Ohio River, to beat and capture the enemy completely, if he does not escape by Clarksburg at once.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

May 1, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Mr. Garrett informs me of your misapprehension as to strength of cavalry in Valley. Elliott's brigade has two regiments; whole strength, 1,414. This includes officers and men, sick, absent, detached, &amp;c.-less than 1,000 fighting men. His last report, 868 present for duty. Both regiments are running pennsylvanians. McReynolds' brigade, at Berryville, has one regiment, First New York, 506 for duty. This regiment engaged scouting the Blue Ridge and up the Shenandoah. Garrett gave me this morning, 3 a. m., first authentic intelligence of Hooker crossing Rappahannock.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

May 1, 1863. (Received 2.30 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Following just received from David, cipher correspondent at Parkersburg:

massage to Mulligan cannot be sent. Line broken at Bridgeport. Enemy captured company of cavalry 4 miles east of Clarksburg, and are now represented as surrounding the town. Attack momentarily expected.

T. B. A. DAVID.

I send this to General Kelley, who may be able to reach Mulligan from the east and to have Clarksburg supported from Grafton.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

