
General Kenly has just reached Bridgeport with his command, and will join me before morning. One of his regiments and a section of artillery I have ordered to remain at Bridgeport. The combined force of Imboden, Jones, and Jackson, according to the best information I have received, are about 6,000 men, the greater part of it cavalry and one battery of artillery, six pieces.

You must throw supplies of subsistence and forage by rail to Grafton. I have no cavalry that can do any service. The forces of Milroy should be thrown in toward Franklin, to cut off Jones' retreat. Scammon's forces should be drawn round toward Summerville and Lewisburg, to prevent retreat in that direction.

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 2, 1863-11 a.m.

Major-General HOOKER:

We cannot control intelligence in relation to your movements while your generals write letters giving details. A letter from General Van Alen to a person not connected with the War Department describes your position as intrenched at Chancellorsville. Can't you give his sword something to do, so that he will have less time for the pen?

EDWIN M. STANTON.

CHANCELLORSVILLE, VA., May 2, 1863-1.55 a.m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

Direct all of the bridges to be taken up at Franklin's crossing and below before daylight, and for Reynolds' corps to march at once, with pack train, to report to headquarters.*

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 2, 1863-5.05 a.m.

Major-General HOOKER, Commanding, &amp;c.:

Dispatch dated 1.55 o'clock for removement of Reynolds and bridges just received, 4.55 o'clock. The same is now up. Copy has been delivered to Sedgwick.* It cannot be complied with as regards before daylight. Telegraph operator says the orderly lost his away who brought it to United States Ford.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,Major-General, Chief of Staff.

The orderly must run his horse from United States Ford to General Hooker's.

MAY 2, 1863.

(Delivered 10 a.m.)

General BUTTERFIELD:

I have not detached to take up the bridges at Franklin's crossing. Reynolds' bridge ought not to be taken away until after dark; it may cost

---------------

*See Butterfield to Sedgwick, 5 a.m., p.361.

---------------

