HEADQUARTERS, May 2, 1863-5.15 p.m.

General BUTTERFIELD:

General Averell is at Rapidan Station, and has been there, as nearly as the commanding general can ascertain, for several days.* The general sent orders to him yesterday to report in person with his command, which he has failed to do. Should he return to camp for supplies, the general requests that you will give him orders to join him immediately with all his command, except one regiment, which the general wishes employed in patrolling the country between the Aquia Railroad and that of the Orange and Alexandria. This regiment must be kept well thrown out, for the purpose of giving us timely notice of any guerrilla parties which may invade that district.

J. H. VAN ALEN,Brigadier-General and Aide-de-Camp.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., May 2, 1863.

Brigadier-General AVERELL, Commanding Cavalry Division:

The major-general commanding has directed that you report to him in person with your entire command, save one regiment. This regiment you will direct, in accordance with the commanding general's instructions, to be employed in patrolling the country between the Aquia Railroad and the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. This regiment must be kept well thrown out, for the purpose of giving timely notice of any raids and destroying any guerrilla parties that may invade that district. They will relieve the details placed on that duty by Colonel Blake.

Similar instructions to the above were sent you when your command

was at Rapidan Station. Up to this time they have not been complied with. The major-general commanding directs it to be done immediately.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

MAY 2, 1863-5.30 p.m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

Nearly all the enemy's force have been withdrawn from the opposite side. I can only see a small force in the neighborhood of their earthworks.

I cannot at this time get a sufficient elevation to tell what road they take, but should judge, by the appearance of army wagons moving toward Chancellorsville road, that the troops are moving that way also.

T. S. C. LOWE,

Aeronaut.

F SIGNAL STATION, May 2, 1863-5.40 p.m.

General BUTTERFIELD:

There are six guns to our right and in rear of the Lacy house; one on Marye's Heights; five on the second line of works and to the left

---------------

*See Averell's report of May 4, 1863, Part I, p.1074.

---------------

