
F SIGNAL STATION, May 2, 1863-8.30 p.m.

The enemy is now building fire along the ridge in rear of the Howison house. We see distinctly men carrying fire-brands about, lighting them promiscuously.

P. A. TAYLOR,

First Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

PHILLIPS' HOUSE, May 2, 1863-[8.30 p.m.]

Major-General BUTTERFIELD, Chief of Staff:

As per request, please find below the movements of the enemy to-day:

11 a.m.-A battery of six guns was seen moving from the Richmond Telegraph road toward the Orange Plank road.

12.15 p.m.-The battery reported above took position in the work to the rear and right of the Lacy house.

1.30 p.m.- A battery seen last night in pines south of the Howison house has disappeared.

3 p.m.-Sixteen pieces of artillery were seen moving on the Ridge road, opposite Tyler's battery. Halted in woods to the rear of Owen's house near Telegraph road. Did not see them again.

4.30 p.m.-Twelve regiments of infantry, sixty-eight wagons and ambulances, and one squadron of cavalry, resembling a general and his escort, passed along the crest of the hill from Sedgwick's front. They advanced to the Telegraph road, after which we could not trace them.

5.40 p.m.-About two regiments took position in rifle pits on Marye's Heights.

6 p.m.-A battery of six guns took possession of works to our left and to the rear of Howison's house. Still there at dark.

7 p.m.-The enemy's six-gun battery has left the works to the rear of the Lacy house. Saw it enter the Telegraph road on the crest of the hill in rear of Marye's Heights, moving south. Two guns have also left Marye's Heights, taking same course. The horses of nearly all the batteries are harnessed, and most of them attached, ready for moving. A long line of wagons was seen just at dusk on the Telegraph road, but could not discern which direction they were taking.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. S. HALL,

Captain and Acting Signal Officer.

8.30 p.m.-While I write, the enemy are firing the ridge to the rear of the Howison house. We can see the men carrying fire-brands and firing the underbrush. Fredericksburg seems entirely deserted. Everything is very quiet in the city.

JAS. S. HALL,

Captain,&amp;c.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 2, 1863.

Official copy for information of Major-General Sedgwick.

Respectfully,S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

