
F SIGNAL STATION, May 2, 1863-10 p.m.

General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

A large and apparently brush fire has been visible for the last fifteen minutes in woods south of the Massaponax, near Judge Brooks', on Bowling Green road. It is now rapidly going down. Enemy had camps in the vicinity.

P. A. TAYLOR,

First Lieutenant, Signal Officer.

MAY 2, 1863-10.30 o'clock.

Major-General HOOKER:

Dispatch ordering General Sedgwick to move toward Chancellorsville and connect with you received at 10.30 o'clock. He will have a copy in fifteen minutes from that time by an aide.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 2, 1863-11.10 p.m.

General HOOKER:

Gibbon ordered across river to-night. Sedgwick has his orders; asks for a guide. Have directed him to seize citizens and put them to death if they fail to put him on the right road.

Pontoon bridge will be laid near the Lacy house for Gibbon by time his troops get there.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,Major-General, Chief of Staff.

Memoranda of General Hooker's, May 2, 1863.

General Reynolds will post his corps, the right resting on the Rapidan, on the east bank of Hunting Run, and extending up to the crossing of the Chancellorsville and Ely's Ford road, and thence along that road in the direction of Chancellorsville.

General Sykes will form on his left, along the same road, and this whole line will be supported by the remaining portion of the corps of General Meade.

General Reynolds will throw well out to the front a line of skirmishers, to give him timely notice of any approach by an enemy.

General Howard will throw his corps on the line now occupied by General Meade, and will also throw his pickets well out along his whole line, for the purpose of keeping himself informed of the movements of the enemy. These lines must be held at all hazard.

The Second, Twelfth, and Third Corps will hold their present positions until further orders, sending all their wagons and spare batteries immediately to take post in the vicinity of the United States Ford.

