
FALMOUTH, May 2, 1863-8.25 p.m.

Commanding Officer, Sixth Corps:

Dispatch received. Can't you take Fredericksburg to-night, so we can commence railroad and telegraph and pontoon bridge by daylight?

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CHANCELLORSVILLE, May 2, 1863-9 p.m.

General BUTTERFIELD:

The major-general commanding directs that General Sedgwick crosses the Rappahannock at Fredericksburg on the receipt of this order, and at once take up his line of march on the Chancellorsville road until you [he] connect with us, and he will attack and destroy any force he may fall in with on the road. He will leave all his trains behind, except the pack train of small ammunition, and march to be in our vicinity at daylight. He will probably fall upon the rear of the forces commanded by Genera Lee, and between us we will use him up. Send word to General Gibbon to take possession of Fredericksburg. Be sure not to fail. Deliver this by your swiftest messenger. Send word that it is delivered to General Sedgwick.

J. H. VAN ALEN,

Brigadier-General and Aide-de-Camp.

(Similar dispatch from Van Alen to Sedgwick, same hour.)

CHANCELLORSVILLE, VA., May 2, 1863-10 p.m.

General BUTTERFIELD:

General Sedgwick's dispatch* has been received. It does not alter in any sense the character of the instructions sent General Sedgwick. They must be fully carried out to the very letter. This is vitally important. Gibbon must cross the river to-night.

J. H. VAN ALEN,

Brigadier-General and Aide-de-Camp.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 2, 1863-10.10 p.m.

(Received 11 p.m.)

Major-General SEDGWICK:

The major-general commanding directs that you cross the Rappahannock at Fredericksburg on the receipt of this order, and at once take up your line of march on the Chancellorsville road until you connect with him. You will attack and destroy any force you may fall in with on the road. You will leave all your trains behind except the pack-mule train of small ammunition, and march to be in the vicinity of the general at daylight. You will probably fall upon the rear of the forces

---------------

*Probably that of 8 p.m., p.364.

---------------

