
across the Rappahannock below the liens of our army. If you can destroy the small boats and means of traffic across the Rappahannock at any or all points where your boats can reach, you will render an important service.

Information has been received that below Port Royal two light batteries, with four regiments of cavalry, have been stationed. Information has also been received that the enemy have placed torpedoes in the river below, or in the vicinity of, Port Royal. The information with regard to the torpedoes is not fully confirmed nor entirely reliable.

The general would like to have your views as to how or what you could accomplish in the premises; also if any steps have been taken with regard to t his matter, and with what success.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTER ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

February 1, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I inclose herewith a copy a letter received from General Robert E. Lee, commanding the enemy's forces. I desire to know if there are any instructions from the War Department pertaining to this question, or if the matter is left entirely at my discretion. I also desire to know if the requirements of Orders, Numbers 7, headquarters of the Army, January 29, 1862, are to be enforced. A different custom had arisen in this army previous to my assuming command of it.

Very respectfully, your, &c.,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding Army of the Potomac.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHER VIRGINIA,January 30, 1863.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding United States Forces:

GENERAL: Lord Huntington and Colonel Leslie, of England, who are now in Richmond, have request me to make application to you for a pass through your lines for them. I have the honor to submit their application to you, and on receipt of your answer will make it know to them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

February 2, 1863.

Major-General DIX, Fort Monroe:

The Ninth Army Corps has received order to report to you at Fort Monroe.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

