
movements of the Government are perfectly satisfactory, and your conclusion as to calling militia force in harmony with my views. I have not been seriously alarmed, and in my dispatches only reflected a part of the excitement, and all from the west.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

BALTIMORE, MD., May 2, 1863-3.30 a.m.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

In view of my dispositions in the Valley and on the railroad, it is desirable I should know whether you can tell me of General Hooker. The night is full of rumors.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 2, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK:

You may rest assured that General Hooker's operations are progressing successfully and in all respects as desired, unless you are otherwise advised by this Department. Any mishap you will be promptly notified of; but obvious reasons details of his movements and position cannot be given while in successful progress.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

PITTSBURGH, PA., May 2, 1863-8.30 a.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Major Showalter has retreated from Morgantown. Arrived here at 2 a.m. with 500 men and four pieces of artillery, on his way to Wheeling. Reports that Mullian has lost 250 men taken prisoners, but escaped with his artillery. It is supposed that the enemy have 12,000 men at Fairmont. Governor Peirpoint ordered him yesterday to hold his position at Uniontown. I sent him ammunition, but he has come here. I have telegraphed to General Schenck.

O. CROSS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Deputy Quartermaster-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., May 2, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Nothing yet from Roberts, but he and Kenly are bound to whip and drive the rebels. Mulligan remains at Grafton. Lightburn is on the road from Wheeling as far up as Farimont, preventing marauding and protecting rebuilding of bridges. I have ordered Showalter back from Pittsburgh by way of Uniontown and Morgantown, and will have him explain his eccentric movement. Have directed any force supplied by

