
Burnside at Parkersburg to come along that branch of railroad to New Salem, and communicate with Robberts, clearing the road of guerrillas, and repairing. Imbodeon's infantry must retard their retreat with cavalry.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, May 2, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

If you have troops arrival at Parkersburg, please direct them to push forward by the railroad toward Clarksburg, clearing the road of guerrillas who may be engaged interrupting communication, and advancing as far, if possible, as New Salem, where there is an important crossing, and where they may communicate with and support General Roberts, who is at Clarksburg. Roberts has been joined by General Kenly's brigade from Harper's Ferry, and has troops enough to engage and whip, I think, the combined forces of the rebels Imboden, Jackson, and Jones, who have made junction 6 miles south of him. I am occupying and working the road as far west as Grafton.

The rebel force which was at Morgantown, and, as I still believe, never being large, has gone, I thin, with Jones by way of Fairmont to the neighborhood of Clarksburg.

I have been endeavoring to allay the wild panic in Pennsylvania and at Wheeling, and to have them advance what troops they can toward Morgantown and Grafton.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, May 2, 1863.

Brigadier-General KELLEY:

The following telegram just received from General Thurston:

CUMBERLAND, May 1, 1863-10 p.m.

We learn from more than one source that a raid is intended to be made by the rebels on the railroad to-morrow at or near Harper's Ferry. Look out for it.

C. M. THURSTON.

If you think there is anything in this, you may, at your discretion, countermand the movement of cavalry. Return to-night to Harper's Ferry, if you deem it best. Telegraph to Morris your orders as to the disposition of the Fourteenth New Jersey at Martinsburg and the troops at Harper's Ferry.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, May 2, 1863-4.15 a.m.

Major General R. H. MILROY,

Winchester, Va.:

To take care of the enemy west, I have had to withdraw all from Harper's Ferry. Look out to cover that point each way. Let McReynolds

