
to the bridge burned by Wilkinson at Bridgeport. Jones, crossing at Fairmont, has made a junction on the Buckhanon road, 6 miles south of Bridgeport, with Imboden and Jackson (not Stonewall), where I expect Roberts, who has been joined at Clarksburg by Kelley's brigade, to attack them to-day.

Transmit this to Wheeling, to Governor Peirpoint, whom I desire to send all reliable forces he can up and along the railroad to Fairmont, and covering the reconstruction of bridges.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

CLARKSBURG, VA., May 2, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore:

Kenly, with 1,400 men, reached me at midnight. I have now 4,000 effective men, with ten pieces of artillery. I am reconstructing the railroad bridge at Bridgeport, which will be finished to-day, opening railroad communication to Grafton. The movements of the enemy are mysterious, but the forces of Jones have passed rapidly toward Philippi. I believe the main force of Imboden and Jackson are still in and about Buckhannon in small guerrilla parties. They are plundering the country, carrying off all the cattle and horses they can gather. Their heavy cavalry force (at lest 4,000 strong) prevents my checking their depredations. Captain Hagan's company of cavalry lost in an encounter with Jones' cavalry at Bridgeport 8 or 10 men. I have four small companies of cavalry for all scouting purposes. I fell upon their rear yesterday and cut them up badly in a saber charge, killing some 25, wounding many others, and capturing 12 privates and 2 lieutenants. I am ordering back supplies from Parkersburg, and preparing to move the moment I am recruited for that purpose. Trains and supplies had all been removed from this place, except 40,000 rations and a supply of ammunition. I think a large force of Milroy's cavalry and a battery should move rapidly by Moorefield toward Crab Bottom, while Scammon should throw 3,000 or 4,000 men into Summerville. This would effectually cut off a retreat.

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General.

CLARKSBURG, VA., May 2, 1863.

Brigadier-General LIGHTBURN, Fairmont, Va.:

I have received information that Grafton is threatened by a large force. You must push on there without delay, taking nothing with you but ammunition in the caissons and what ammunition the men can carry - 60 rounds per man. You must be there by morning - sooner, if possible. You will find supplies there.

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CLARKSBURG, VA., May 2, 1863.

Colonel MULLIGAN, Grafton:

I have just received information that you will be attacked. I have ordered Brigadier-General Lightburn, with 500 men and four Napoleon

