HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Falmouth, Va., February 2, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

General Orders, Numbers 19, February 22, 1862, provide for the inscription upon the colors of all regiments and batteries in the service of the United States the names of the battles in which they have borne a meritorious part. Most, if not all, the regiments and batteries now in the service with this army are entitled to distinction. Boards have been organized, and have reported upon the claims for these proceedings, but i am reliably informed that the recommendations of the boards have been forwarded to the headquarters of this army, although they are not now here.

I desire information as to what the instructions of the Department are in carrying out this order. If these records are on file at the headquarters of the Army or of the War Department, I trust that they may receive prompt and immediate action. If there are no record there, I would respectfully request proper instructions that these much to be desired ends may be accomplished at one. No better incentive could be given to this army for future effort than this honorable recognition of their past services.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, VA.,

February 2, 1863.

Captain O. E. HINE,

Fiftieth New York Engineers, Washington, D. C.:

CAPTAIN: The pontoon train constructed by Booz & Brothers, of Baltimore, having been committed to the charge of Brigadier-General Woodbury, by order of Brigadier-General Totten, Chief Engineer, he directs that you bring it round by Chesapeake Bay and the Potomac to the Engineer depot at Washington whenever the weather becomes sufficiently settled to allow its safe passage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,February 26, 1863.

The pontoon boats, &c., referred to in this communication will be turned over to Captain Hine's order of transportation to the Army of the Potomac. The Quartermaster's Department will furnish the necessary transportation to Captain Hine, and one assistant to carry out this order.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

