HEADQUARTERS GRAND RESERVE DIVISION,Stafford Court-House, Va., February 2, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: Pursuant to orders of the 28th instant, I have the honor to report that the troops of the Reserve Grand Division are located as follows:

The extreme right is formed by a brigade of cavalry, under Colonel De Cesnola, numbering about 1,000 men, stationed at Allcock, near Hartwood Church. This brigade draws its supplies from the Falmouth Depot, and by foraging toward the west and northwest. The left of this brigade connects with the right of the Third Division, Eleventh Corps, Brigadier-General Schurz commanding, stationed between hartwood Church and Maria, drawing its supplies over the same roads as the Cavalry Brigade from Falmouth.

The left of the Third Division connects with the right of the Second Division of the same corps, Brigadier-General Steinwehr commanding, stationed at Falmouth, in the immediate vicinity of the supply depot.

One brigade of the First Division, Eleventh Corps, is stationed at Brooke's Station, and the other brigade of the same division at Belle Plain, both brigades being supplied by the depot at their respective stations.

The greater portion of the Twelfth Corps, consisting of one division and one brigade, are stationed near Stafford Court-House, fronting west, drawing their quartermaster's supplies from Hope Landing, a distance of 5 miles, over a passable road, and their commissary supplies from Brooke's Station, a distance of 4 miles, over a road partly corduroyed.

One brigade of the Second Division of the Twelfth Corps is stationed at Aquia Creek Landing, within a very short distance of the principal supply depot, and the other brigade at Dumfries, being supplied by the river from Otterback's Wharf, about 4 miles from Dumfries. The road leading to the landing is at times impassable, but constant exertions keep it ins such repair that the force now stationed at Dumfries can be easily supplied. In addition to the infantry and artillery, there are about 300 cavalry at Dumfries, for patrolling and scouting purposes.

A regiment of cavalry (Seventeenth Pennsylvania), under Colonel Kellogg, is stationed between Aquia Church and Stafford Court-House. Six companies of this regiment are guarding our front, patrolling principally to the west. Three companies are with Colonel Cesnola, and three at Occoquan City.

The accompanying diagram, marked A,* shows the location of the different commands of the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps.

Commencing again on the extreme right, the cavalry at Allcock has its pickets to the front and right, especially connecting on the left with the infantry pickets of the Third Division near Hartwood, the latter having their pickets to the front, right and left, connecting on the left with those of the Second Division, near Falmouth.

The brigade at Brooke's Station, Belle Plain, and Aquia Creek Landing are picketing their own position; the brigade at Brooke's Station guarding the railroad, and the Potomac Creek railroad bridge besides. The main position of the Twelfth Corps is extending its line of infantry pickets from Potomac Creek to Aquia Creek, parallel to and 1 mile west of the Telegraph road, connecting with the pickets of General Meade's command.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

