
BANKS' FORD, May 3, 1863-1.10 p.m.

General HOOKER:

Captain Comstock's dispatch to General Sedgwick to support you from below received by him at 11.30 o'clock. He must be moving rapidly toward you. Their troops lately in our front are moving up in advance of him.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.

MAY 3, 1863-2.30 p.m.

Genera HOOKER:

Following from General Warren, at 1 p.m.:

MAY 3, 1863-1 p.m.

General BUTTERFIELD:

We have advanced with Newton's division on the Plank road as far as Guest's house. The heights were carried splendidly at 11 a.m. by Newton. Howe immediately afterward carried the heights to the south of Hazel Run. We have been waiting to get his division behind us before advancing, to get up batteries and stragglers, and get the brigades straightened out, which were a little disorganized by a successful charge and pursuit. Our loss, though honorable proof of a severe contest, is not very severe. The Sixth Corps is in splendid spirits. We captured several guns. General Howe reports a force yet in his front.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

P. S.-Brooks' division were kept by the enemy's fire in position on our left, and after the heights were carried he had 3 miles to march to join us. He is not up yet.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD.

MAY 3, 1863-3.25 p.m.

General HOOKER:

Following from aide sent to Sedgwick:

Brooks' division has just moved ahead again, and other two divisions will follow shortly. Sedgwick says loss heavier than he expected, having lost several colonels and many field offices. Warren thinks 1 1/2 miles beyond this the enemy have halted and will make a stand. The men show much fatigue, but Sedgwick intends to push vigorously. No report of where he was exactly.

BUTTERFIELD.

MAY 3, 1863-4 p.m.

General HUNT, Banks' Ford, Va.:

Newton's division had advanced as far as Guest's house, on Plank road, at 1 p.m.

BUTTERFIELD.

MAY 3, 1863-4.05 p.m.

General HOOKER:

Following from signal:

Battery of enemy just opened on our troops near Gust's house, on the Orange road. Our batteries in position and replying. Gibbon's troops are moving out on the Plank road.

I think officer means Newton's troops. He took two batteries on Fredericksburg Heights. Your dispatch received and sent to President.

BUTTERFIELD.

