HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 3, 1863-8.30 p.m.

General HOOKER:

Just received report from aide with Sedgwick, dated 6.30 p.m. Brook's division was driven back, and are now apparently driving them. The enemy's infantry fire is much less. Our men are again advancing, and the line has been much more extended.

6.45 p.m.-Our batteries have ceased, and the line is now advancing in splendid style. I have said to General Sedgwick that General Hooker expresses great anxiety to have his corps pushed forward as rapidly as possible, and he (General Sedgwick) says this is being done. Our men are cheering in the front. Artillery has opened on the extreme left. Do you get reports via Banks' Ford? If so, can I communicate with you that way?

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,Chief of Staff.

MAY 3, 1863-8.30 p.m.

General HOOKER:

The latest I have from Sedgwick is from him at 6.30 o'clock. Dispatch just sent General H. Have an order from him to send his ammunition trains. In writing my last dispatch, General Williams made me ask if I, instead of General Sedgwick, could communicate with you that way. I was advised that, at 5.30 o'clock, skirmishers of Sixty-ninth had opened communication with Colonel Doull, at Banks' Ford.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD.

MAY 3, 1863-9.30 p.m.

Major-General HOOKER:

Lieutenant Woolsey, aide-de-camp, just returned from Sedgwick. Left him at 7.25 o'clock. Sedgwick had been skirmishing - fighting all the way up. Heavy infantry fire about 7 o'clock. All quiet when he left. Bartlett told him he had lost heavily. Position about one and a quarter miles beyond Guest's house. Line across road. Colonel Doull was to leave for Banks' Ford and report exact position of affairs to you. Had not left when he started. Heard artillery firing on their left about 6 p.m. Warren said it might be Buford. I think it was a portion of force that had fallen back from Fredericksburg before Sedgwick and down toward Hamilton's Crossing.

BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

MAY 3, 1863-10.30 p.m.

Major-General HOOKER:

Signal officer reports everything quiet on the heights to the rear of Fredericksburg. We see no camp-fires, indicating presence of the enemy, only on ridge near rebel railroad station, and these very few. Time, 9.30 p.m.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

