
YORKTOWN, May 3, 1863-12 noon.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

I learn that the enemy have left the White House, on the Pamunkey. They have planted torpedoes there in the river. I cannot learn whether the brigade has been destroyed.

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, May 3, 1863.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Martinsburg, Va.:

I still think that if Jones does return to the railroad, it will be at Rowlesburg or some point east of that. His attack, if it should be made on Grafton, might be a feint, and could not be successful.

Look to the line between New Creek and Grafton.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, May 3, 1863-1.10 p.m.

Major-General MILROY,

Winchester, Va.:

Just received the following dispatch:

Colonel Smith reports the enemy moving down the Valley from Franklin. I have ordered Smith back into Greenland Gap, and the First Virginia Infantry and the Ringgold Cavalry, from Rommey, to his support.

Please order Milroy to push on his force sent toward Moorefield, and we will put them in a tight place. I go to New Creek in a few moments.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

You will exercise your discretion as to your ability to add to the force sent to Moorefield, and will hold the rest at Winchester, not moving up the Valley, but scouting and keeping watchful in that direction.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, MD., May 3, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Following just received from General B. S. Roberts:

CLARKSBURG, VA., May 3, 1863.

General SCHENCK:

The Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry is now moving between Grafton and Bridgeport. Jones' forces have all massed at Philippi, and are moving rapidly by the way of Beverly. Jackson's and Jenkin's forces, about, 6,000, with battery of six guns, are yet at Buckhannon, and believe they can hold the country, or, at all events, keep up a perpetual guerrilla war, cut telegraph, harass trains, and act on railroads. Governor Peirpoint has on way to me two regiments of militia. These regiments, and the militia companies of Grafton, I shall place along the railroad from Grafton to Parkersburg, and move the volunteers in three columns on the forces at Buckhannon.

