
The moment I get rations, forage, and transportation together, Colonel Mulligan will move by the way of Philippi; General Kenly by the direct road to Buckhannon; Colonel Moor, with part of the Fourth Brigade, by Janelow and Weston. Colonel Wilkinson will remain here. The attack of my cavalry on Jones' rear guard was more fatal to him than I supposed. About 30 of his men were killed, mainly by sabers, and others, wounded, have been brought it. It caused him great alarm, and prevented his doing extensive damage at Bridgeport. He only staid there about two hours. If Milroy move forces by Moorefield, and Scammon by Summerville, the enemy should be captured.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, May 3, 1863-1 a.m.

Brigadier-General ROBERTS,

Clarksburg, Va.:

Reports of apprehended return by Jones and attack on Grafton, Communicate with Mulligan, and give him support, if needed. He will be re-enforced with some infantry from Fairmont, sent there from Wheeling. The Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, sent you from Winchester, will reach Grafton about 7 this a.m.

Received your dispatch of to-day. Have directed Scammon to send what force he can to Summerville, and Milroy to send some cavalry and a section or two of artillery to Moorefield; also to make a reconnaissance up the Valley, to which Jones will doubtless eventually return.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

CLARKSBURG, VA., May 3, 1863.

General R. C. SCHENCK,

Commanding at Baltimore, Md.:

No additional information of the enemy to-day. Jones had reached Leadsville, between Philippi and Bevery, last night. Can hear no movements of the forces of Jenkins and Jackson that have been at Buckhannon.

Have sent Colonel Thompson (Third Virginia Regiment) and section of battery to Janelew, and the Second (Colonel Latham) with a section of battery to Bridgeport.

The Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, 320 strong, reaches me to-day, broken down.

No means of transportation gotten here yet. It will be several days before I can do anything but protect railroad.

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 4, 1863-11.30 a.m.

General HOOKER,

Via United States Ford:

Bell, citizen of Fredericksburg, reports Hood and Pickett in Petersburg last Thursday, and were to be here yesterday by Central and Aquia Railroads. Railroads in good order yesterday. Pickett was to come via Fredericksburg and Hood via Gordonsville. Circumstances

