
substance of a communication sent last night. Its suggestions are highly important, and meet my full approval. There are positions on your side commanded by our batteries on the other side I think yo could take and hold. The general would recommend as one such position the ground on which Dr. Taylor's is situated.

HOOKER.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 4, 1863 - [Hour not stated.]

General SEDGWICK:

I have reported your situation to General Hooker. I find that we contracted our lines here somewhat during the morning, and repulsed the enemy's last assault with ease. The troops are in good position. General H. says you are separated from him so far that he cannot advise yo how to act. You need not try to force the position you attacked at 5 p. m. Look to the safety of your corps. You can retire, if necessary, by way of Fredericksburg or Banks' Ford. The latter would enable you to join us more readily.

G. K. WARREN,

Brigadier-General.

MAY 4, 1863 - 2.15 p. m.

General HOOKER:

I shall do my utmost to hold a position on the right bank of the Rappahannock until to-morrow.

JOHN SEDGWICK,

Major-General.

PHILLIPS' HOUSE SIGNAL STATION,

May 4, 1863 - 5.15 p. m.

Brigadier General A. PLEASONTON,

United States Ford:

I know nothing about our lines, other than those in the vicinity of Fredericksburg. General Sedgwick's line fronting the city extends from near the Dahlman house (situated south of Guest's house) to Dr. Taylor's house. Every time his line changes, which has been frequently, I report the fact to headquarters. His back line, toward Chancellorsville, I know nothing about, as I cannot see it. General Gibbon's line is in the immediate rear of the city and in front of the works occupied by the enemy.

JAS. S. HALL,

Captain and Signal Officer.

UNITED STATES FORD, VA.,

May 4, 1863 - 6.30 p. m.

Major-General SEDGWICK,

Banks' Ford, Va.:

Your division ammunition trains can at all times be replenished at Falmouth Station, from train of cars in charge of Lieutenant [Morris] Schaff.

D. W. FLAGLER,

Chief Ordnance Officer.

