
ought to be able to manage the position so as, if compelled to retire, to do so gracefully and sound. I have sent three batteries of Reserve Artillery to you - ten 20-pounders and four or six 3-inch - all we have here. Exercise control over Tyler's 4 1/2-inch guns, on your left. Send them a small support if they have none. Short of the loss of every man of your command, do not permit the enemy to cross. In case you retire from the town, be vigilant. I am just ordered to General Hooker, and leaving here. Keep the fords well guarded by batteries and your picket line strong. Keep an eye out for the pontoon train that was reported at hamilton's Crossing. Much may depend on you, and I have no doubt you will prove yourself, as you have always heretofore, fully equal to the responsibility. Headquarters camp is here, one regiment (Ninety-third New York) for guard and a few Eighth Infantry provost duty.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

CHANCELLORSVILLE, VA.,

May 4, 1863 - 11.30 a. m.

Major-General REYNOLDS:

The general commanding desires that you will make a reconnaissance in such force as you may think necessary for the purpose of ascertaining the best route for him to take should it be necessary for him to advance to the Chancellorsville and Germana Bridge road, on the eastern side of Hunting Creek, and to report the result as soon as you can.

J. H. VAN ALEN,

Brigadier-General and Aide-de-Camp.

CHANCELLORSVILLE, VA.,

May 4, 1863 - 4.15 p. m.

Major-General REYNOLDS:

Major-General Hooker directs me to say he wishes you to send a sufficient force to penetrate as far as the Plank road, through Chancellorsville, up Hunting Run, of sufficient strength to drive in the enemy's skirmishers if they have any. General made has been ordered to do the same think in his front.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. H. VAN ALEN,

Brigadier-General, Acting Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

May 4, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER,

Army of the Potomac:

Major-General Dix telegraphs that Longstreet is in full retreat from Suffolk.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

