
FORT MONROE, VA.,

May 4, 1863 - 9 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Following just received from General Keyes:

Lieutenant-Commanding Gillis, jested returned form near West Point, has learned that the rebel force from White House and below, and opposite on the Pamunkey, have been withdrawn to Hanover Court-House. The are troops on this Peninsula, but how many is not known. Nothing has been learned about bridges except that the railroad bridge at the White House still stands.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

MAY 4, 1863 - about 7 a. m.

Major-General PECK,

Suffolk, Va.:

Nothing of positive nature with regard to Hood and Pickett. Among 800 or 1,000 prisoners yesterday, statements to any one talking to them was to effect that Hood and Pickett were due here last night, and we should soon hear from them. The most reliable information I have had is from a deserter, a resident of Orleans County, New York, conscripted in a Louisiana regiment, who stated that on Saturday, while detailed to the rear of their columns, engaged to cook provision, a force about equal to two brigades marched by. conversing with the troops, be asked whose they were. They said they were Hood's division. they are being re-enforced in some measure from below - whether from your front of General Keyes' of course I do not know. They had nothing at Richmond to send here. We have had heavy fighting here for two or three days.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 4, 1863 - 10.45 a. m.

Major-General PECK,

Suffolk, Va.:

Our cavalry bring information of 15,000 or 20,000 of Longstreet's forces getting off from the cars at Gordonsville.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

SUFFOLK, VA.,

May 4, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Longstreet was re-enforced by General Benning with five regiments and fifteen pieces on the 2nd. He crossed the Chowan with pontoons. General [James L.] Kemper, whit another brigade, has also crossed, making three in all. Hood commanded yesterday, and Longstreet was 2 miles in the rear with reserves. They suffered. At 9.30 p. m. all his forces moved by different interior routes for the Blackwater. He has

