
several hours the start. All his arrangements were for a continual siege of Suffolk. I was fully prepared for that.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

(Copy to General Halleck.)

MAY 4, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

I have a communication of General Hill to General Longstreet, of May 2, 1863, in which he reports his arrival with his entire division at or near Carrsville, and asks for orders. His command was then only 14 miles from Suffolk. This is confirmed by telegraph from South Mills, N. C. All the troops that crossed the Chowan were ordered to Suffolk and the supply trains to Franklin, the depot of the railroad from North Carolina. Every arrangement was made by the enemy that is called for by the rules governing a besieging army.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

PITTSBURGH, PA.,

May 4, 1863 - 4.40 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

There has been some alarm here, but I think without sufficient reason. All is quiet now. The rebel cavalry came no farther in this direction than morgantown. They were not in Pennsylvania at all. they are now reported to have gone south, across Parkersburg Railroad, at Bridgeport, in the direction of Buckhannon. One hundred an fifty Bridgeport, in the direction of Buckhannon. One hundred and fifty of Mulligan's command surrendered at Fairmont, and the retreat of Major-Showalter appears to be disgraceful. I go to Wheeling to night.

WILLIAM F. BARRY,

Brigadier-General.

WHEELING, VA.,

May 4, 1863.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

Please send me immediately 2,000 arms for militia, short French rifle preferred, for the woods. There has been a great loss of property in this county in horses and cattle. The rebels, under Colonels Jackson and Imboden, are at Weston. Jones has gone to Beverly to send forward his booty. If Staunton could be taken, it would interrupt their booty.

F. H. PEIRPOINT,

Governor.

WHEELING, VA.,

May 4, 1863.

Honorable P. H. WATSON, Assistant Secretary of War:

I must have immediately 1,500 carbines. Please send forward instanter.

F. H. PEIRPOINT,

Governor of Virginia.

