
of the Commission, to connect with the system of defenses already established forts and batteries for the defenses of the Potomac.

Such works, though of earth and timber, must necessarily be expensive; and, indeed, they should be so carefully planned that hereafter the may be convered into permanent works, if desirable.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient,

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier General, Chief Engineer Defenses of Washington.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT WEST VIRGINIA,Marietta, Ohio, February 2, 1863.

Major N. H. MCLEAN,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Ohio:

MAJOR: I have the honor to hand you herewith copy of a dispatch of this date, just received from General Scammon,* which conveys information leading to the belief that the rebel forces in his front are being reduced in number, on learning (as they no doubt have done) of the reduction of our force in the Kanawha Valley. I also learn that the storms of the past week have so obstructed the mountains with snow, and injured roads, that there is no anticipation of activity for some time on either side in that region.

Very respectfully, your obedient, servant,

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,

Numbers 26. Washington, D. C., February 2, 1863.

The district of country north of the Potomac River from Piscataway Creek to Annapolis Junction and the mount of the Monocacy, and south by Goose Creek and Bull run Mountains to the mouth of the Occoquan, will constitute the Department of Washington, and troops in that department will constitute the Twenty-second Army Corps, to be commanded by Major-General Heintzelman.+

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, February 3, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM H. CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Baltimore:

The following dispatch received from General Milroy last night. The Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry proceeded to Winchester yesterday.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., February 2, 1863.

General KELLEY:

[W. E.] Jones at Strasburg to-day, with his forces. [J. D.] Imboden at Front Royal with his forces 2,000 strong; information reliable; hurry on the Thirteenth Cavalry.

R. H. MILROY,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Not found.

+See Heintzelman to Halleck, January 26, p. 3.

---------------

