
infantry and a battery to Richards' Ford. Obstruct all fords or possible crossings us to Rappahannock Station. Officers and men must be instructed to fight to the death to guard our right. Put most reliable and true men on this duty. Will send copy of Reynolds' instructions.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 5, 1863 - 10 a. m.

Colonel G. H. SHARPE,

Deputy Provost-Marshal General, Chancellorsville, Va.:

Am daily making examinations regarding re-enforcements from Richmond. None have arrived, to my belief, in our front. We have prisoners from about Fredericksburg at all hours of the day, and many taken late last evening. None from Hood's, Picketts', or Ransom's divisions have yet been found. If they are up, they have gone over in your direction of toward Culpeper. Chase came in last night. No force between Moss Neck and Guiney's, except very few cavalry. Railroad well guarded, and two regiments encamped to the west of Guiney's Station. A small force could easily reach the railroad at that point, but the cars do not go but a short distance beyond. you will probably hear from Anderson and Tyson, via Kelly's Ford, to-night.

BABCOCK.

NEAR PHILLIPS' HOUSE,

May 5, 1863 - 10.20 a. m.

General BUTTERFIELD, Chief of Staff:

Dispatch received. Have sent a brigade of five regiments, under Colonel David, and Martin's battery above Richards' Ford. They have just reached here, and return at once. This command will do everything that can be done. Shall scrape up all the cavalry I can for any emergency.

A. PLEASONTON.

IN THE FIELD, May 5, 1863 - 11 a. m.

(Received May 6.)

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

General Hooker is not at this moment able, from pressing duties, to write of the condition of affairs. he deems it his duty that you should be fully and correctly revised. He has intrusted it to me. these are my words, not his.

Of his lands u were fully aware. The cavalry, as yet learned, have filed in executing their orders. Averell's division returned; nothing done; less 2 or 3 men. Buford's Regulars not heard from. general Sedgwick filled in the executing of his orders, and was compelled to refire and crossed, he river at Banks' Ford last night; his losses not known.

The First, Third, Fifth, Eleventh, Twelfth, and two divisions of second Corps are now on scout bank of Rappahannock, entrenched between Hunting Run and Scott's Dam. Trains and Artillery Reserve on north bank of Rappahannock. Position is strong, but circumstances, which

