
with half that force, to be secure against any minor attacks. The most important things, however, are the perfecting the defenses of Maryland Heights and completing Fort Duncan.

If the Sixth New York Artillery could be assigned to the work of completing these defenses, with the understanding they should garrison them, it would be a good arrangement. They would all be ultimately need, or, at least, well employed in the artillery service of the different forts. Unless you can get some permanent assignments of troops or employ a force of hired laborers, I do not hope you can make much progress. But if you can do nothing else, complete Maryland Heights, and put up immediately the banquettes at Fort Duncan, and get some guns in the work.

By the by, put a stop to the uncalculating "requisitions" on the quartermaster for lumber and such things. It costs enormously, and the timber scattered over the ground is far better for most purposes.

The upper courses of boards of interior slope revetment at Fort Duncan should come off. The front line of rifle-pits at the stone fort should have an abatis, that is, the fallen timber arranged in its front, in all those parts where the ground in front is passable. On the mountain spur, on its left, and earth battery (which need not be permanently armed) would be well located to flank our defensive line of Fort Duncan.

Very respectfully,

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 5, 1863 - 4.45 p. m.

General D. BUTTERFIELD, Chief of Staff:

There appears to be some conflict of jurisdiction between Generals Gibbon and Pleasonton. The former thinks he has, under his instructions, command of all the troops in this vicinity, and the latter considers that his order give him exclusive control, so far as the cavalry is concerned. Please let me know the decision of the commanding general in the matter.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

May 5, 1863.

The major-general commanding directs that every vehicle in your command on this side of the river be sent to the north bank without unnecessary delay, under cover of the present fog; all extra animals of every kind to be sent over also. This, of course, does not include your necessary artillery and a very few ambulances.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

WHEELING, VA., May 5, 1863.

(Received may 6 - 1.16 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The alarm here has subsided. About 1,100 militia, all bully armed, have been sent from here to Clarksburg. Arms for as many more as

