HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Falmouth, Va., February 3, 1863.

General WOODBURY, Commanding Engineer Brigade:

The commanding general desires that you will have constructed across the valley of Potomac Creek, near and to the southeast of the present main road from Falmouth to Brooke's Station, a corduroy road, to replace that road, 16 feet in width. The corduroy road should have the position which will best accommodate winter travel; should connect at its two ends with the road now mostly used, and should cross Potomac Creek on a trestle or cut-work bridge, 12 feet wide and 8 feet above low water.

Very respectfully,

JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

U. S. STEAMER FREEBORN,

Potomac Flotilla, Aquia Creek, February 3, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 1st. Every exertion will be made to prevent the crossing of the Rappahannock referred to therein. The difficulty is this, the contrabandist haul their small boats during the day into marshes and thickets, where we cannot get at them, and they are used at night.

Two light batteries and a 20-pounder Parrott, with perhaps two or three regiments of cavalry and infantry, are (or were) opposite a farm called Oaken Brow, some 3 miles below Port Royal. I lost 3 men in December in a skirmish with them.

If the enemy have not placed torpedoes or infernal machines in the Rappahannock, they have not displayed their usual activity. I have heard they had placed them, but am not sure. They have sawed off the buoys at several points on the river, and surveyed Layton's and Saunders' for a battery, nearly opposite Leedstown.

In relation to deserters on the Potomac, the only way they can be stopped is to break up the small boats on the river, which I will do if you desire it.

If you have leisure, I can come up to headquarters at a few hours' notice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL MAGAW,

Lieutenant-Commander, &amp;c.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 3, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER, Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Yours of the 1st instant is just received. General Orders, Numbers 7, 1862, has not been revoked, and should be strictly enforced. Foreign officers will not be permitted to pass our lines without a pass from the War Department, and such passes are given only on the application of the minister or diplomatic agent who represents their Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

