
BALTIMORE, MD.,

May 5, 1863.

Brigadier General W. F. BARRY,

Wheeling, Va.:

The following telegrams just received:*

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

I have no more troops that I can send Roberts now, except a small regiment of cavalry, and, perhaps, a very small addition of infantry. The Northwestern Railroad, Parkersburg, and the Kanawha are what need looking out for.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE,

May 5, 1863 - 12.10 p. m.

Major-General MILROY, Winchester, Va.:

Roberts reports that he has reliable information that Jones, with 2,000 cavalry, joined Imboden and Jackson yesterday at Weston; their united forces supposed to be 10,000 strong. He apprehends attack on Grafton or Clarksburg.* If his information is correct, I think the design of the enemy more likely to be against the Parkersburg Railroad, below him, and the Kanawha. Hooker's movements, which are understood to be vigorous and glorious, must relieve you of any present threatening force in the Valley.

My greater concern just now is for what may be west of the mountains. Railroad clear, and passenger trains running through between Baltimore and Wheeling.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

CLARKSBURG, VA.,

May 5, 1863.

General R. C. SCHENCK,

Commanding at Baltimore, Md.:

No material changes in our relations with the enemy to-day. We have had skirmishing in front, and drove the advance of the enemy from Janelew.

The intelligence of the union of Jones' forces with Imboden's and Jackson's at Weston is confirmed.

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE,

May 5, 1863.

Brigadier-General ROBERTS, Clarksburg, Va.:

Unless you have some certain evidence that the enemy is massed in greatly superior force in front of you, the general commanding is of opinion that you ought at once to move against and pursue him.

By order:

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Schenck to Kelley, 10.30 a. m., p.429.

---------------

