
WINCHESTER, VA.,

May 6, 1863 - 8 p. m.

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore:

General Elliott occupied Woodstock and Edenburg to-day without opposition. A telegraphic dispatch was received at Edenburg an hour before my forces took this place, addressed to Major Myers, rebel commander in the Valley, and signed by General Lee, stating that they (the rebels) had gained a glorious victory, but with fearful loss on both sides. General Braxton* was killed, and General Jackson, A. P. Hill, and Heth severely wounded.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

May 6, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK, Brown's Hotel, Washington:

Following just received from Clarksburg. It has been forwarded to General Kelley, at New Creek:

CLARKSBURG, VA.,

May 6 - 9 p. m.

Major-General SCHENCK:

Have just received a dispatch from West Union, by way of Wheeling, that that place was attacked at 7.30 p. m. by a large cavalry force. I have Colonel Latham there with a large portion of his regiment. The balance scattered at important points along the Parkersburg Railroad. Have no particulars. No direct communication with West Union.

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General.

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WHEELING,

May 6, 1863. (Received 11 p. m.)

Brigadier-General ROBERTS:

Colonel Latham is attacked at West Union by two regiments of cavalry, and needs aid. The railroad bridges and wires between West Union and you are reported to be broken. Cannot you assist him or attack the main force at Weston?

WILLIAM F. BARRY,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 7, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati, Ohio:+

The President and General-in-Chief have just returned from the Army of the Potomac. The principal operation of General Hooker failed, but there has been no serious disaster to the organization and efficiency of the army. It is now occupying its former position on the Rappahannock, having recrossed the river without any loss in the movement. Not more than one-third of General Hooker's force was engaged. General

---------------

*Paxton.

+Similar letters sent to General Grant, Rosecrans, Dix, Pope, and Curtis, and to the governors of Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, New York, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, California, Oregon, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa, Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee, Nebraska, Pennsylvania, Kansas, and Connecticut.

---------------

