
WASHINGTON, D. C.,

May 7, 1863 - 9.30 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER:

Richmond papers of Tuesday received at this Department are full of accounts of the panic and destruction accomplished by Stoneman. From the several paper, and the statement of General Stoughton, just arrived, the following, among other facts, appear:

1. That a portion of Stoneman's force was within 2 miles of Richmond on Monday. This is stated by the Richmond papers. General Stoughton reports that there was not at that time a single soldier in Richmond.

2. The road was torn up at various pints, and General Stoughton says the canal broken, but the papers assert it was not broken.

3. Stoneman's force is represented to be divided into detachments, operating in different directions, and producing great panic everywhere in that region.

Other details are given at great length, but the above are the principal points. The result at Chancellorsville does not seem to have produced any panic. Gold has only risen 6 per cedent. in New York, and at the close to-day had gone down 4. The public confidence seems to remain unshaken in the belief of your ultimate success.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

[Secretary of War.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 7, 1863 - 10.30 p. m. (Received May 8.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Major-General Stoneman's aide-de-camp, Captain Sumner, is just in. Left his chief at Raccoon Ford this morning, having, as reported, disarranged all the enemy's railroad communications between this and Richmond, and one party having extended their operations to James River, destroying the canal, &amp;c. Three regiments of the command left to destroy the railroad bridge across the Chickahominy, with instruction to go into Yorktown. The party will recross the Rappahannock to-morrow.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 7, 1863 - 10.30 p. m.

Captain C. B. FERGUSON, Quartermaster, Alexandria, Va.:

General Stoneman's command, of about 4,000 men and same number of animals, will be at Rappahannock Station to-morrow. He is destitute of subsistence and forage, and is greatly reduced after making a most successful raid on the enemy. You must immediately have trains run out with ample supplies of one or two days for men and horses. The emergency demands the utmost dispatch. see the railroad superintendent demands the utmost dispatch. See the railroad superintendent, and communicate at once with General Haupt on the subject. if possible, let some workmen and a few guards go out with advance cars. The supplies should be taken to the river, where they can ba rafted over, at it is not fordable. Be very prompt, and telegraph me what you can do.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster.

