
WASHINGTON, D. C.,

February 3, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Yours of the 30th, inclosing your General Orders, Numbers 3, is just received. General Orders of War Department, Numbers 61, 1862, have never been rescinded in regard to the Army of the Potomac. The Secretary of War, however, authorizes you to give leaves within the limits established by your Orders, Numbers 3. Great care, however, must be taken to restrict them even below this limit where it can be done. In no case will commanders of grand divisions, army corps, &amp;c., be allowed to grant leaves. The number of applications sent to the War Department, approved by such officers, show a recklessness and carelessness exceedingly reprehensible, for if one-half so approved were granted, the efficiency of the army would be completely destroyed. All leaves to officers to visit Washington without the consent of the Was Department are deemed null and void, and hereafter all general officers who come here on leave not properly granted will be dismissed. The mere passage through the city, when that is the shortest or only line of travel, is not considered visiting, but any officer who remains here twenty-four hours without authority will be arrested.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 3, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Before the departure of the Ninth Corps, permit me to recommend that General Smith be assigned by the President to command it, and that General Sedgwick be assigned to the command of the Sixth Corps. General Sedgwick is now on duty with the Ninth without assignment. The consequence of this, I think, will be good.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

February 4, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER:

Major-General Burnside is the permanent commander of the Ninth Corps. Make such temporary changes as you may deem proper.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Falmouth, Va., February 4, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &c., near Fredericksburg, Va.:

In reply to the application of Lord Huntington and Colonel Leslie, of England, for permission to enter our lines, I am instructed by the Commander-in-Chief of the United States Army as follows:

Foreign officers will not be permitted to pass our lines without a pass from the War

