
duty in this department. The general commanding thanks you for services so promptly rendered in the existing emergency.

By order of Major-General Schenck:

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

May 7, 1863 - 11 a. m.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Cincinnati:

The rebel movement against West Virginia is by no means over. Imboden, Jackson, and Jones, with united forces, from 7,000 to 10,000 strong, are near Clarksburg and Grafton. The railroad is now broken against, and in possession of the enemy at West Union, between Parkersburg and Clarksburg. I am still sending westward whatever small re-enforcements I can to Roberts and Mulligan. General Lightburn, it seems, took the troops you sent from Wheeling to Grafton, where they now are, and can, in this emergency, hardly be spared. They shall be released as soon as it is safe and possible to do it. The danger is not to Wheeling now. There was strange and needless panic there and at Pittsburgh. But Parkersburg may be threatened, and Scammon, on the Kanawha. Wilder [?] is reported at Sutton with 3,000 rebels, and Jenkins is understood to be moving against. It is probably a more general movement toward the border than has yet been made. Instead of one of the gunboats at wheeling, I would be glad to have on e sent up the Kanawha.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE,

MY 7, 1863 - 11.45 a. m.

Major-General MILROY,

Winchester, Va.:

Transportation for the Ninth and Tenth Virginia Infantry will be ready at Martinsburg some time during the day to-morrow. It is difficult to get cars on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, because of everything being sent just now to Washington for prisoners taken by Hooker. Have the rest of Hay's regiments half ready to move. It will probably be necessary to send him and all his brigade westward, leaving you Elliott's brigade for Winchester.

By order:

WM. H. CHESSEBROUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WHEELING, VA.,

May 7, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The rebels are destroying the Northwestern Virginia Railroad between Clarksburg and Parkersburg, and they are now going in the direction of Parkersburg. The united forces of Jones and Imboden are known

