
BALTIMORE, MD.,

May 7, 1863,

Major-General SCHENCK,

Washington:

Following just received from General Roberts. It has been forwarded to General Kelley, at New Creek:

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore:

I have not heard from Colonel Latham, a portion of whose regiment is at West Union. The rebels struck the road 3 miles this side, and burned the bridge, cutting off communication with this place. Colonel Latham had with him and engine and enough cars to move his command toward Parkersburg, if forced to do so. I am now cut off from all communication, except to Baltimore, and this is interrupted by the destruction of the bridge at Bridgeport and the trestle-work 2 1/2 miles between this place and Bridgeport. You must force supplies and re-enforcements as soon as possible. A move of a part of the rebel forces from Weston toward Buckhannon to-day indicates an attempt to come in again between this and Grafton. Incessant rains the past forty-eight hours have rendered the roads in all directions impassable to any forces but cavalry. There is no doubt that Jones', Jackson's, and Imboden's forces, and probably Jenkins', have been joined at Weston and reorganized for further raids. It is reported that General Wilder [?], with 3,000 troops, is at Sutton.

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General.

[WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

CLARKSBURG,

May 7, 1863 - 9 p. m.

Major General R. C. SCHENCK:

Telegram of to-day received.

My apprehensions that the rebel forces concentrated at Weston were organizing for further raids on railroad have been realized. One part of a large cavalry force had moved from there yesterday morning; attacked my forces at West Union last evening. They were repulsed, but succeeded in destroying two bridges this side. They moved this morning west, toward Harrisville, where, I am informed by Colonel Latham, they have joined other cavalry forces, and threaten Parkersburg. Have ordered the commanding officer at Parkersburg to draw in his scattered forces from along the railroad to that place, as they will be liable to capture, and could not protect the road against the large forces moving against it.

The other portion of the forces occupying Weston moved in the direction of Buckhannon and Philippi, with four pieces of artillery; two small howitzers are reported to have gone with the cavalry toward Harrisville.

The other portion on the forces occupying Weston moved in the direction of Byckhannon and Philippi, with four pieces of artillery; two small howitzers are reported to have gone with the cavalry toward Harrisville.

I have scouts in the direction of Buckhannon and Beverly, and shall be informed in the morning of the motions of the enemy in those directions.

It is reported that the enemy is strengthening the old fortifications on Laurel Hill.

In my attack on the rebel advance yesterday, 12 rebels were killed and 3 wounded, 2 mortally; 5 prisoners were captured. I have send word to Governor Peirpoint, and advised him to call aid from Ohio to the defense of Parkersburg.

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General.

