
WHEELING, VA.,

May 7, 1863. (Received 6.45 p. m.)

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

I am now satisfied that we can get no aid from Washington or any other place, from the volunteer army, for the defense of West Virginia, Pennsylvania, and Ohio. I most earnestly ask that you call upon governors Curtin and Tod for 4,000 militia each. With that force and with what I can bring into the field, I think we can drive the rebels to the Allegheny Mountains. They made another raid yesterday on the Northwestern Virginia Railroad west of Clarksburg. There is one regiment of militia armed and equipped at Pittsburgh which can come at once.

F. H. PEIRPOINT,

[Governor of Virginia.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 7, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The reasons that prevented me from complying with your request with reference to your wounded no longer existing, I have the honor to inform you that you can extend to them such attentions as they may require. All persons whom it may be necessary to send within my lines for this purpose will remain until the wounded are finally disposed of. The burial of your dead has already been provided for.

I have directed that those of your wounded who desire it shall be paroled and transferred within your lines, should you be willing to receive them-those in the vicinity of Chancellorsville at the United States Mine Ford, and those on the battle-field of Salem Church at Banks' Ford or Fredericksburg. As your wounded generally occupy the few houses in the vicinity of the late battle-field, the transportation of this army cannot be employed in conveying them to the river until my own wounded have been removed to a place of shelter. As soon as this can be accomplished, I will cause such of your wounded as may desire to be paroled to be delivered at the points above indicated, upon being advised of your willingness to receive them. In the meantime they shall have such care as is given to my own.

I have the honor to inclose a copy of my letter of yesterday* in case the original may not have reached you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Falmouth, Va., May 7, 1863 - 8 p. m.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Confederate Forces at Fredericksburg, Va.:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your two communications of may 6 and 7 this moment. If agreeable to you, I would like

---------------

*See p.432.

---------------

