
to send medical supplies and attendance to my wounded, and, at such time as the state of the stream will permit, send ambulances for them via the fords designated in your communications, viz, United States and Banks' Fords. I will, with your consent, send partied to those fords with supplies at an early hour to-morrow. The swollen state of the Rappahannock probably preventing the crossing of any vehicles with supplies, I shall have to depend upon you for transportation for them. I will receive the wounded at the points named as soon as it can be done. I will send an officer to Chancellorsville, with your consent, to arrange the details,which, judging from your letter, with the state of the river, cannot now be determination form you as to any deficiency on your immediate necessities of medical supplies of your own, by reason of their use for my wounded other causes, I shall with pleasure replace them. I would be obliged for approximate information concerning the number of wounded, that a sufficient amount of supplies may be forwarded. i would be under obligations for an early reply.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Copy furnished medical director.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 8, 1863 - 1 p. m.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Commanding U. S. Forces on the Rappahannock:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of 8 p. m. yesterday, which has just reached me.

Dr. L. Guild, the medical director of this army, will take measures to have such supplies as you may send to the fords for your wounded transported to them if they can be got across the river. He is near Chancellorsville, and will make all necessary arrangements with the surgeons already in charge of your hospitals at that pint, and there will be no necessity for sending a special order unless more attendants are required for your wounded. I will send the number of your wounded as soon as it is ascertained.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Falmouth, Va., May 8, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of 1 p. m. this day. Supplies for our wounded, with surgeons, have been sent to Banks' Ford, and will be in waiting to cross whenever received there.

A communication from William Barksdale, brigadier-general C. S. Army, has been received, notifying me that the wounded of this army

---------------

*See W. H. Taylor, assistant adjutant-general, to Anderson and McLaws, May 8, 1863, in "Confederate Correspondence, etc.," p.786.

---------------

