
Department, and such passes are only given on application of the minister or diplomatic agent who presents their Government.

Your application has been referred to the Commander-in-Chief.

Your obedient, servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS GRAND RESERVE DIVISION,Stafford Court-House, February 4, 1863.

Brigadier General J. STAHEL, Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that the Eleventh Corps be assembled near Stafford Court-House.

The Second Division will march to-morrow to Potomac Creek, and encamp there for the night.

The Third Division will also march as far as Potomac Creek, the cavalry following in the rear to-morrow.

Both divisions will encamp on their arrival between the Telegraph road and railroad south of the Stafford Court-House and Brooke's Station road.

The detachments at Dumfries and Occoquan will remain at those places until further orders.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

T. A. MEYSENBERG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CENTER GRAND DIVISION, February 4, 1863.

Major General FRANZ SIGEL, Commanding Grand Reserve Division:

GENERAL: In compliance with orders from the headquarters Army of the Potomac, I inclose copies of the instructions received this p. m. from the commanding general, in regard to a reconnaissance ordered to be made to Rappahannock Station.* I have also to add that I have ordered on this reconnaissance to-morrow two regiments of cavalry and a battery of artillery, and to support them I shall advance a division of infantry on the Falmouth and Warrenton road, posting one brigade in the vicinity of Grove Church (where the roads to Ellis' and Kelly's Fords turn off), another brigade at the crossing of Deep Run, and the third at Hartwood Church.

I have also placed under the command of the division commander a regiment of cavalry, with which he will picket all the fords and approaches to them, from the United States to Kelly's Ford.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, February 4, 1863.

Major-General MEADE, Commanding Center Grand Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you send two regiments of cavalry, with a battery, to make a reconnaissance toward Rappahannock Station.

---------------

*See operations at Rappahannock Bridge and Grove Church, February 5-7, 1863, Part I, p. 7.

---------------

