
MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

May 8, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Thanks for your dispatch. It relieves our great suspense. What we want is to deal with their armies piece for piece, which is good when we have the odds. We shall soon be ready here to try that.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

ALBANY, N. Y.,

May 8, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Thanks for your telegram. The information is most acceptable and encouraging.

HORATIO SEYMOUR,

[Governor of New York.]

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 8, 1863.

Commanding Officer, Cavalry Corps:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that a train left Alexandria early this morning with two days' supplies for your command, with floats to be used incase of necessity for floating them across the Rappahannock, with guards and everything that could be done to make it certain that hey will reach you. The pontoon-bridge train left here early this morning for Kelly's Ford. If the state of the roads should prevent the bridge train from reaching you, I presume, with the aid of the floats, the material brought down by the railroad train will be got to you. The train may be run to Rappahannock bridge. At this distance, considering the state of the streams and roads, it is impossible to give specific directions in the premises. The matter is left in your discretion as to how you will get these supplies. The officer who brings this will report to you where he passes the bridge train and at what hour it will probably reach Kelly's Ford. The state of the roads will have much to do with this. The major-general commanding directs that upon the receipt of these supplies you will march your command to the vicinity of Potomac Creek Station, encamp, reorganize it, and put it in condition.

It is not clear to the general how any force of the enemy can reach you, having to cross the Rapidan, when you cannot cross the Rappahannock. He thinks you need have no apprehension on that score.

The major-general commanding desires to know, in reference to your remark - "Should these supplies not reach you, you would not be responsible for the consequences" - who you would consider responsible?

The major-general commanding directs me also to inform you that General Averell, in consequence of his entire disregard of his instructions of April 28, has ben relieved of his command by General Pleasonton, and has been ordered to Washington.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

