
YORKTOWN,

May 8, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Monroe, Va.:

I am at this place with my staff and only one regiment of my brigade; the other two regiments are with General Gregg's division. I expected, after destroying the bridges near Richmond, to return to General Stoneman's headquarters, but was forced to seek safety within your lines. I am here with my entire staff, and without a command. I respectfully ask for instructions.

J. KILPATRICK,

Colonel Commanding First Brigade, Third Division, Cavalry Corps.

YORKTOWN, VA.,

May 8, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Colonel Kilpatrick, with his regiment (the Harris Light Cavalry) and the rest of the Twelfth Illinois, has just arrived at Gloucester Point, opposite this fort. They burned the bridges over the Chickahominy; destroyed three large trains of provisions in the rear of Lee's army; drove in the rebel pickets to within 2 miles of Richmond, and have lost only 1 lieutenant and 30 men, having captured and paroled upward of 300 prisoners. Among the prisoners was an aide to General [John H.] Winder, who was captured with his escort far within the intrenchments outside of Richmond. This cavalry have marched nearly 200 miles since the 3rd, of May; were inside of the fortifications of Richmond on the 4th; burned all the stores at Aylett's Station, on the Mattapony,on the 5th; destroyed all the ferries over the Pamunkey and Mattapony, and a large commissary depot near and above Tappahannock, and came here in good condition. They deserve great credit for what they have done. It is one of the finest feats of the war.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 8, 1863.

General RUFUS KING,

Yorktown:

Thanks for your telegram. Please give me any further information you have. We are all anxious to hear from the gallant officers and soldiers who have performed an achievement unsurpassed for daring and success. Give my congratulations and compliments to them.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

YORKTOWN, VA.,

May 8, 1863-12 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretery of War:

Your dispatch of this day has been received, and will be communicated in general orders to the Harris Light Cavalry and the Twelfth Illinois to-morrow. The officers and men will be rejoiced to know that

