
BALTIMORE, MD.,

May 8, 1863-6.30 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

General Milroy had sent Elliott to Woodstuck and Edenburg on a reconnissance, and I ordered him back night before last. I have been these two days sending off, westward, Hay's brigade as fast as I could be furnished transportation for them, which has been delayed by the taking up of cars on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad for prisoners. Nothing but a part of Elliott's brigade will be left at Winchester by to-morrow.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

May 8, 1863-7.35 p.m.

Colonel MULLIGAN,

Grafton, Va.:

Generala Lightburn was relieved, but nor authorized to take any troops with him. Captain Dod was only ordered to withdraw the troops sent from Ohio. If he had taken away a single man besides, it was without authority.

What forcew is now at Fairmont? That point must be looked to with care. The Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry must reach you this evening. The Ninth Virginia Infantry will arrive at Grafton to-morrow. General Kelley is on his way to you.

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CLARKSBURG, VA.,

May 8, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. CHESEBROUGH:

The infantry forces of the rebels that left Weston yesterday, with four pieces of artillery and their wagons, have taken the direction of Bulltown, toward Sutton, while the greater part of their cavalry and a portion of mounted infantry, about 3,500 strong, are doubtless operating upon the Parkersburg Railroad, in the vicinity of Harrisville. Two mountain howitzers accompanied their cavalry in that direction. I gave information yesterday to the commander at Parkersburg of this movement, and ordered in his scattered forces along the road. I also gave information to Governor Peirpoint, suggesting that Ohio throw forces into Parkersburg for its protection. I am re-establishing Weston as a depot, and shall push forward to re-occupy Sutton and Birch as soon as it can be accomplished. I shall also re-occupy Buckhannon without delay.

I have ordered the re-establishment of the depot at Webster, and as soon as that is done, I shall re-occupy Beverly. The Fourth Brigade, Ewing's battery and the three skeleton companies of cavalry, under Colonel Moor, are intended for Sutton and Birch; about 2,500 strong.

General Kenly with his three regiments of infantry and battery, and the Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry in all between 1,800 or 1,900 strong, are intended for Buckhannon and the line between Buckhannon and Sutton.

