HDQRS. TWELFTH CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 9, 1863.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith the battle-flags of the Twelfth Georgia and Fifth Alabama Regiments, taken from the enemy at the battle of Chancellorsville on the morning of May 3. The former was captured by the One hundred and second New York Volunteers, and the latter by the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

May 9, 1863.

Commanding Officers, Second, Fifth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Corps:

The picket line, as existing previous to the late movement, will be re-established immediately. The details, except on the river front may be reduced one-third from the numbers prescribed in circular of February 9, concerning pickets. The picket lines from the Potomac to the Rappahannock are only required to be strong and vigilant enough to prevent spies, stragglers or any person from passing through the lines without proper authority. The utmost vigilance and caution must be observed that no communication is allowed with the enemy in any manner, and especial care taken to prevent any person passing out, or any information being covered to the enemy. The movements of the enemy must be carefully watched and promptly reported.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 9, 1863-6.50 p.m.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN,

Washington, D. C.,:

You need have no fears of an attack of any sort by the enemy at Rappahannock Station. My cavalry picket from my right to that point. My cavalry will picket the line.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

YOURKTOWN,

May 9, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX:

General Gregg was ordered to destroy the bridges referred to. I only burned those over the Chickahominy. I do not know that he succeeded, but was told by prisoners that he did.

J. KILPATRICK,

Colonel, &amp;c.

