
in readiness for instant service. He will keep himself well supplied in this respect by timely requisitions. The principal operators of each train, under the diretion of the officer in cahrge, wil each instruct three men in the use and management of the instruments. Every one in the party will be instructed in the method of mending the wire. A party will be held in reserve at the train headquarters sufficient in size to take charge of the additional wire.

The spare wire will always be kept in repair and subject to inspection at any hour.

Captain [Frederick E.] Beardslee will at once organize his party under the above instructions, and will submit the names of the men for each section, and assign to the principal operators the instruments they will be expected to use and take charge of. He will make such requisitions as may be necessary to supply this party with the equipments required to properly perform their duties.

By order of the chief signal officer, Army of the Potomac:

WM. S. STRYKER,

First Lieutenant and Adjutant, Signal Corps.

Approved:

ALBERT J. MYER

Colonel and Chief Signal Officer of the Army.

DUMFRIES, VA.,

May 9, 1863.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Twelfth Corps:

Between Morrisonville and Rappahannock Station ran into small squad of rebels. Fell back toward Ashby. Cedar Run, met 3 Prince William scouts; got in conversation with them; told them I belonged to Major [E. V.] White's cavalry. They informed me the whole rebel force lay near the heights of Fredericskburg. Stonewall Jackson lost his right arm Sunday night.

Will come through soon as my horse gets rested. Rode 100 miles to-day.

CLIFFORD,

Scout.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., May 9, 1863.

His Excellency HORATIO SEYMOUR,

Governor of New York, Albany:

Your letter in relation to Dr. Swinburne was submitted to me this morning. In answer to my inquiry as to whether General Hooker would relax his previous order directing that no surgeons shoulb e sent within the lines of his army. I received the subjoined telegrram from General Butterfield, which will explain the reasons why General Hooker desires the care of the wounded, until forwarded to Washington, should be left in the direction of the medical directors. The Department has always recognized the necessity of permitting generals to control this subject within their own lines. Every facility will be afforded to Dr. Swinborn to render assistance to the New York troops upon their arrival in Washington.

