
I am persuaded that it is your wish that General Hooker's views should be regarded; but this explanation is only made becasue of a complaint that the medical staff of the Governor of another State went to the Rappahannock. If true, it was without the sanction pf the Department and against General Hooker's orders. Every facility will be afforded to any agent or officer whom you may send to transact business in relation to the army, consistent with the necessary military regulations, and these, I have no doubt, you will always wish to have followed and respected by your own agents.

I have written to you to-day upon another subject by letter, to which I would beg the favor of an early reply.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 9, 1863. (Received 12.45 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Hooker directs me to say, on the information of the medical director of this army, that all the wounded within our lines are properly carec for and have everything they need. Those of our wounded within the enemy's lines the enemy will not permit any person to visit, but they are all to be sent over to us. If any aid is required, it will be telegraphed for.

The effect of the presence of these agents has been to interfere with the necessary and proper system. The medical director does not desire them to be here at this time.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff.

WHEELING,

May 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General ROBERTS:

My scouts have just reported the rebel cavalry to be at Middlebourne, advancing on Martinsville.

Can you not menace or attack their rear by advancing a portion of your force from Clarksburg?

WILLIAM F. BARRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CLARKSBURG, VA.,

May 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General BARRY,

Wheeling:

I have the telegraphed for further information as to the movement you report. Your information must be incorrect. Colonel Latham is at West Union with eight companies of infantry, and telegraphed me at 10 this morning that the cavalry forces that appeared at West Union and passed toward Martinsville turned toward Petroleum, toward Gauley, for the purpose of joining Imboden's forces of infantry that moved from Weston, on Thursday, in that direction. My forces are all moving to re-occupy Weston, Buckhannon, and Beverly, and could do nothing by

