
BALTIMORE, MD., May 10, 1863.

Major-General MILROY, Winchester, Va.:

Jones, Imboden, and Jackson supposed, with from 7,000 to 10,000 to be still south of Parkersburg Railroad. Roberts concentrating against them at Weston. Another alarm at Wheeling. A force of the enemy supposed to have gone into Tyler County. I don't believe, it but have sent to intercept them if they venture that way. Telegraphic communication to Parkersburg as well as Wheeling now open, but bridges burned and damage on Parkersburg Railroad. It has been hard to chase men on horseback with men on foot. The rebels may try Scammon next, or return eastward by Moorefield, or to Lewisburg. Keep a good lookout with your little cavalry force in all directions.

When the west side of the mountains is cleared, I will return your troops. Hay resigning, who will command his brigade? Operations sat the east to be immediately resumed. It is understood Hooker, Dix, and all perhaps, to advance. Indeed, rumors are already afloat that Richmond is taken. The air seems pregnant with some news of successes. This is all I can tell you, indefinite as it is.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK.

Major-General, Commanding.

CLARKSBURG, VA., May 10, 1863.

Brigadier-General BARRY, Wheeling, Va.:

Just received from Colonel Latham the following dispatch:

The rebels, I think 600 or 800 strong, went from Middlebbourne toward New Martinsville, and must, I think, pass out at or near Ellenborough. They will then make for Sutton or Big Birch, via Glenville in which direction the balance, over 1,000, have gone. They can then avoid Summerville, and make either Lewisburg or Huntersville.

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General.

CLARKSBURG, VA, May 10, 1863.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY, Grafton, Va.:

Lieutenant Smith, of Eighth Virginia Infantry, has just come in from the rebel camp 7 miles from Weston, where Imboden's forces shave stopped. They are playing a game. They may be waiting forces reported to us to have been with General Wilder [?] at Sutton, or for the return of Jones' forces raiding toward Middlebourne. Our forces should not be much scattered until we know where Jones' cavalry is.

It will not do for Colonel Moor to move beyond Janelew alone, and I shall send General Kenly, by Weston road, to Buckhannon when I hear from Joness.

If both these brigades leave now, we may have Jones in upon this place from the direction of Middlebourne and West Union.

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GRAFTON,

May 10, 1863 (Received 9 p.m.)

Brigadier-General ROBERTS:

Your dispatches received. I fully concur in your views, except I cannot believe they intend or expect to hold the country; they are in

