
upon crossing the river, will be conducted to and placed under the directionsd of the medical officer left in charge of your wounded at the hospital to which it is destined.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 11, 1863.

Brigadier-General GIBBON:

Please state by telegraph how many of the enemy's guns were brought over by your division.

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Of my own knowledge only seven. Captain Peirce says he sent eight to Aquia Creek.

JOHN GIBBON,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

Numbers 21. May 11, 1863.

In consequence of the discharge from service of two-years' and nine-months' regiments, it becomes necessary to break up one of the brigade organizations of the corps. The following assignments are, therefore, ordered: The Forty-third New York Volunteers and Sixty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers to report to Brigadier-General Howe. The Thirty-first New York Volunteers and Sixth Maine Volunteers and Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers to report to Brigadier-General Brooks. Harn's (Third New York) independent battery to General Newton. The general commanding the corps regrets exceedingly the necessity which compels him to break up the Light Brigade. Its services during recent operations entitle it to a permanent existence, and its gallant leader, Colonel Burnham, to its permanent command. But the necessity of filling up the older brigades in the divisions compels the assignment herein ordered. The general commanding thanks the officers and men of the Light Brigade for their faithful and distinguished services, and assures them that, although they cease to exist as a separate organization, they have nevertheless won a pemanent place in the history of the Army of the Potomac.

By command of Major-General Sedgwick:

M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS. WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,Numbers 211. Washington, May 11, 1863.

* * * * * *

II. Brigadier General J. H. Martindale, U. S. Volunteers, military governor of the District of Columbia, is hereby granted leave of absence from the

