
12th to and including the 22nd instant. During the absence of General Martindale, Major General E. A. Hitchock will discharge the duties of military governor of the District of Columbia.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

May 11, 1863-2 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

General Roberts telegraphs this inquiry:

Do you know anything of rebel General [John B.] Floyd? He is reported to be marching with 10,000 men to re-enforce in Western Virginia.

I have directed General Kelley, who is also of that opinion, to have Roberts march and attack the enemy at once, before he can be re-enforced. Can you give me, from Washington, any information of Floyd?

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, May 11, 1863.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Grafton, Va.:

In reply to my telegram to the War Department, Mr. Stanton, Secretary of War, telegraphs:

We have no information respecting Floyd.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding..

GRAFTON,

May 11, 1863-12 m.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHESEBROUGH:

General Roberts reports that the enemy, having retreated 7 miles south of Weston, are encamped, evidently awaiting re-enforcement via Summerville, or have stopped to cover the retreat of the cavalry sent into the counties bordering on the Ohio River.

Since receiving your dispatch last night, I will send the Ninth to Clarksburg this morning instead of sending it to Philippi, as I had intended. I have directed Roberts to move on Weston with all of his force this morning. I will protect his supplies and rear.

The Twelfth will arrive this morning and will go to Clarksburg also. Nothing from Mulligan this morning.

General Barry reports that a cavalry force of 700 or 800 strong are in toward the Ohio River, northwest of Clarksburg somewhere. The weather is at last clear, after incessant rains for a week.

All quiet and apparently safe east of this and on the main stem of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to Wheeling.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

