
troops assigned to the duty of guarding the railroad from Rappahannock Station to Cedar Run. The commanding general directs me to say tha during your absence all the available cavalry force were ordered to be put in readiness for action; many animals furnished for dismounted men. He desires to know what force of those brought back with you you can add to this number for immediate duty in the field. He is anxious that General Buford's brigade of regulars should be of this number. He desires that every exertion be made to put your whole force in readiness for duty (immediate) in the field.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC

Numbers 50. Camp near Falmouth, Va., May 12, 1863.

The major-general commanding desires to express to the troops leaving this army by reason of the expiration of their term of service his appreciation of their efforts and devotion.

The record of their deeds, while it will prove a proud recollection in future days, will live in history and in the memory of their comrades who still continue to serve the country and its cause in the honorable and glorious profession of arms.

The major-general commanding directs that copies of this order be furnished to each regiment that has left or is about to leave the army, and he desires that the same be promulgated to the troops with his best wishes for their welfare.

May the same spirit which prompted them to respond to the call of duty and honor remain forever in their hearts, and be transmitted, a proud logacy, to their descendants.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 53. Camp near Falmouth, Va., May 12, 1863.

I. Commanding officers will forward with their reports of the recent battles separate lists containing the names of officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates of their respective commands deserving of brevets or medals, or honorable mention in orders, for distinguished and gallant services in the face of the enemy. It is not expected that these lists will mention those who simply do their duty, but those only whose gallantry or merit was conspicuous and worthy of especial notice. The lists should set forth the number and nature of wounds received, if, any and the previous battles in which the officer or soldier has been honorably mentioned, engaged, or wounded, &c.

II. The non-observance in many cases, of the regulations prescribed in General Orders, Nos. 10 and 30,* for the government of purveyors requires the attention of all commanding officers, and of the officers of the provost-marshal-general's and inspector-general's departments.

Hereafter whenever it shall be found that improper uses have been made of the facilities granted to purveyors, the offending party will be

---------------

*See circular of May 18, 1863, p. 501.

---------------

