
First brigade, no other stripe or mark.

Second brigade, red stripe, 6 inches wide, next the lance.

Third brigade, red border, 4 1/2 inches wide, all round the flag.

The chief quartermaster will furnish the flags upon requisitions approved by the corps commander.

VIII. General headquarters at night will be indicated by two red lights, one below the other.

Headquarters of corps, by white and red lights side by side, close to-gether.

Lights will not be thus displayed at any other place in camp.

IX. The badges worn by the troops, when lost or torn off, must be immediately replaced.

The officers of the staff on duty at these headquarters will wear a badge according to pattern in the assistant adjutant-general's office.

The only troops without badges are the cavalry, the Eighth Infantry, and Ninety-third New York Volunteers on duty at headquarters, and the Provisional Brigade at Aquia and on the railroad.

Provost-marshals will arrest as stragglers all other troops found without badges, and return them to their commands under guard.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 128. Camp near Falmouth, Va., May 12, 1863.

* * * * * *

IX. Brigadier General G. K. Warren, being the senior officer of engineers on duty at these headquarters is announced as the chief of his corps on the staff of the major-general commanding.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 129. Camp near Falmouth, Va., May 12, 1863.

I. In consequence of the reduction of the strength of the infantry of the division, a consolidation and reduction of the artillery attached to army corps will be effected.

The artillery assigned to each corps will constitute a brigade, under the command of the chief of artillery of the corps for its command and administration.

The following-named batteries, now serving with divisions of this army, will report without delay to Brigadier General Robert O. Tyler, commadning Artillery Reserve:

Batteries E and G, First U. S. Artillery, Captain Randol commanding; Batteries F and K, Third U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant Turnbull commanding; Battery C, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant Thomas commanding; Battery C, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Captain Ransom commanding; Battery D, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant Hazlett* com-

---------------

*Battery C, First Rhode Island Artillery, substituted for Battery

D, Fifth U. S. Artilery, May 13.

---------------

