
manding; Battery F, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant Martin commanding; Battery B, First New York Artillery, Captain Pettit commanding; Battery G, First New York Artillery, Lieutenant Ames commanding; Battery K, First New York Artillery, Captain Fitzhugh commanding; First New York Independent Battery, Captain Cowan commanding; Tenth New York Independent Battery, Captain Bruen commanding; Eleventh New York Independent Battery, Captain von Puttkammer commanding; Battery F, First Pennsylvania Artillery, Lieutenant Ricketts commanding; Battery G, First Pennsylvania Artillery, Captain Amsden commanding; Third Independent Pennsylvania Battery, Lieutenant Fleming commanding; Fourth Independent Pennsylvania Battery, Captain Thompson commanding; Battery A, First New Hampshire Artillery, Lieutenant Edgell commanding; Battery A, First Maryland Artillery, Captain Rigby commanding; Battery E, First Massachusetts Artillery, Captain Philips commanding; Battery H, First Ohio Artillery, Captain Huntington commanding; Battery C, First [West] Virginia Artillery, Captain Hill commanding; Sixth Independent Maine Battery, Lieutenant E. B. Dow commanding; Battery G, First Rhode Island Artillery, Captain Bloodgood commanding.

II. The under-mentioned field officers of artillery will report to Brigadier General R. O. Tyler, commanding Artillery Reserve:

Major Tompkins, First Rhode Island Artillery; Major De Peyester, First New York Artillery; Major McGilvery, Maine Artillery; Major Matthews, First Pennsylvania Artillery.

III. The batteries remaining with the corps will be completed to a thorough state of efficiency (with the number of guns they now have) by the transfer of sufficient of such men of the remaining [other] batteries of the corps as are attached from the infantry.

IV. The artillery ammunition train of the batteries attached to corps will be organized, and placed under the direction of the commander of artillery of the corps; the surplus will be transferred to the Artillery Reserve.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WHEELING, VA.,

May 12, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The enemy have all retired south of both railroads, and my scouts last night still report them falling back. All quiet here and at Parkersburg. I shall return to Washington to-day.

WILLIAM F. BARRY,

Brigadier-General.

BALTIMORE MD.,

May 12, 1863-12.30 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

I have reports from Point of Rocks that the rebel Mosby, with 300 men, is at Goose Creek Meeting-House, near Hamilton, Loudoun County. They are plundering and impressing citizens. My cavalry is nearly all gone westward. McReynolds, however, has some of the First New

