
WASHINGTON, D., C.

May 13, 1863-1 p.m.

Major-General HOOKER:

If it will not interfere with the service, nor personally incommode you, please come up and see me this evening.

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 13, 1863-3 p.m.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

President of the United States:

Will see you at 8 o'clock this evening.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 13, 1863.

Major General D. BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of yesterday, I have the honor to state that a full report of my operations* is now being made out by me, which will be completed and forwarded as soon as I can obtain the reports of my subordinate commanders and obtain other data upon which I must rely. The condition of my command,or that portion of it I brought back with me from the expedition, and over which I have control, will be given as soon as the inspections can be completed. In general terms, I can say that the horses were pretty well used up and the men pretty tired. It will require some time to put the former in as good condition as when they started; the latter are fit for any duty now. A large number of the horses want shoeing, and the majority of them are afflicted with what is termed the mud fever, which is easily cured.

The third Division (Gregg's) with, the exception of one squadron left to picket the railroad from Rappahannock to Cedar Run, is encamped near Potomac Bridge. Buford's Reserve Brigade is picketing the line of the Rappahannock between Falmouth and Rappahannock Station, by order from headquarters Army of the Potomac.

Supposing, of course, that the whole corps was under my control, I have commenced giving instructions preparatory to its reassembling and refitting, but ceased to interfere with that portion under the command of General Pleasonton upon receipt of your letter directing that no order may be given for the present to disarrange this command.

By direction of the commanding general, General Averell was furnished with copies of all the orders and instructions which I received from headquarters Army of the Potomac, and the only other orders I gave General Averell were to push the enemy in his front; that I turned the enemy over to him, as I had not time to bestow, and was going to push on to the execution of the duty assigned me.

The number of troops assigned to the duty of guarding the railroad from Rappahannock Station to Cedar Run was given yesterday, and a copy of dispatches sent by Captain Candler to-day.

---------------

*See report, Part I, p. 1057.

---------------

