
As to the force of those brought back with me which is fit for immediate duty in the field, I shall be able to say after the inspections are made and reports furnished. I should say, however, that the general can count upon 2,000 horses, provided but little marching is required. Every exertion is being made to put the cavalry force under my command and control in readiness for duty (immediate) in the field.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General, Commanding Corps.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 13, 1863.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inclose you copy of dispatch this moment received from Major-General Heintzelman. The you to comply with the order in regard to guarding the railroad from Rappahannock Station to Cedar Run. The bearer will await your reply which you will please communicate in writing. The commanding general directs me to remind you that no reply has been received to any of the inquiries in my communication of yesterday. A rumor has reached camp, unofficially, that Captain Cram was captured in the immediate vicinity of General Buford's headquarters; also that several cattle-drivers from the Regular brigade have been captured within the last twenty-four or thirty-six hours. The commanding general desires to know if there is any truth in these reports.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure.]

MAY 13, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER, Commanding, &c.:

Do you consider it important to hold Rappahannock Station? If so, you will have to send a sufficient force to occupy it; the force I have there is entirely inadequate. If you do not consider it of sufficient importance, I will withdraw my infantry, artillery, and cavalry to this side of Cedar Run. I have a telegram from Colonel De Forest, beyond Catlett's Station, that General Stoneman's cavalry are picketing from your right to Bealeton. This really gives me but little aid, and I have pressing need for all my cavalry farther to the right.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 13, 1863-3.30 p.m.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN:

General Stoneman has been instructed to guard the line of the road from Rappahannock Station to Cedar Run, to connect with your forces there. Have sent to him for report as to his disposition and force. Will telegraph again as soon as I hear from him.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

