
BALTIMORE, MD.,

May 13, 1863-1.20 p.m

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

What has been done as to block-houses will be explained in detail by Colonel Raynolds as soon as he returns from the railroad, where he is now working at them. There was no delay on my part. I gave the fullest orders for building them, on the 31st of March last, as soon as Colonel Thom made report. Will write to-day.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

WESTON, VA.,

May 13, 1863.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Commanding at Grafton:

Can you not throw in supplies to Buckhannon, via Philippi? I desire to throw a force in there at once and have no means of provisioning them.

What do you hear from Beverly; what force near you at Philippi?

My force is all up here except Colonel Latham's regiment. Reports are unasatisfactory about Imboden's and Jackson's forces. They have fallen back toward Braxton. I have sent back parts of all my trains to bring up supplies for further movements. Have neither transportation, subsistence nor forage to go on, until they return. Movements are very slow because of the bad condition of roads. What is the news from the east?

B. S. ROBERTS.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WESTON, VA.

May 13, 1863.

General B. F. KELLEY,

Commanding at Grafton, Va.:

My cavalry has returned from Bulltown. The rear guard of Imboden passed there the 11th instant in such rapid retreat as to have left 25 muskets. They burned the extra wheels of their gun-carriages, and threw out large quantities of shot and shell to get their guns along, and to each gun had 12 horses. They are making for Greenbrier. A heavy rain to-day, and yet continuing, makes it impossible to move loaded wagons at all.

I shall hear from Sutton to-morrow.

I have rations for only two days, and no wagons to move beyond here. Most of the transportation that came with me has gone back. Will your order the transportation, camp and garrison equipage of the Ninthe Virginia to be sent forward?

There should be in depot here 300,000 rations, and a supply train of 200 wagons, before Sutton and Birch can be occupied.

Without transportation and supplies, nothing can be done.

B. S. ROBERTS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

