
EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, D. C., May 14, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER, Commanding:

MY DEAR SIR: When I wrote on the 7th, I had an impression that possibly by an early movement you could get some advantage from the supposed facts that the enemy's communications were disturbed and that he was somewhat deranged in position. That idea has now passed away, the enemy having re-established his communications, regained his positions, and actually received re-enforcements. It does not now appear probable to me that you can gain anything by an early renewal of the attempt to cross the Rapphannock. I therefore shall not complain if you do no more for a time than to keep the enemy at bay, and out of other mischief by menaces and occasional cavalry raids, if practicable, and to put your own army in god condition again. Still if in your own clear judgment you can renew the attack successfully, I do not mean to restrain you. Bearing upon this last point, I must tell you that I have some painful intimations that some of your corps and division commanders are not giving you their entire confidence. This would be ruinous, if true, and you should therefore, first of all, ascertain,the real facts beyond all possibility of doubt.

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Falmouth, Va., May 14, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

On learning yesterday afternoon, through my medical officers, who have returned from your lines, that permission would be given to throw a bridge across the river at United States Ford, to enable our ambulance trains to proceed to the hospitals in the vicinity of Chancellorsville for our wounded, I at once gave directions to have the bridge laid at an early hour this morning. I regret that I was not sooner informed that this facility would be afforded. The bridge will be used for no other purpose than bringing away the wounded, and,when this has been accomplished, will be immediately removed and returned to the place from which it was taken.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 14, 1863-3.30 p.m.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Washington, D. C.:

Yager, scout, reports as follows:

I crossed about 1 o'clock this a.m. at Rappahannock Station. No force at Culpeper except a few scouts of Stuart's cavalry. Longstreet's forces are guarding the Rapidan. The bridge will be done by to-morrow. They expect Longstreet's division at Culpeper soon. The rumor in Culpeper is that General Beauregard is to re-enforce Lee as soon as to roads are repaired. The greater part of Stuart's cavalry went toward the Peninsula yesterday.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

[Major-General, Chief of Staff.]

