
desire the Third Regiment of Cavalry, detailed in Special [Orders], Numbers 3, to report at an early hour to-morrow, the commanding officer, if practicable, communicating with General Carr before the latter leaves camp.

[GEO. G. MEADE.]

P. S.-An officer and scout who were on the reconnaissance of General Sigel have been ordered by telegraph to report to Colonel McIntosh, at Hartwood Church, to-morrow. If not found at hartwood, information of them can be gained at Allcock, which was, or is, the headquarters of General Sigel's cavalry pickets. Allcock is near Hartwood.
HEADQUARTERS CENTER GRAND DIVISION,February 4, 1863.

General CARR:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that you proceed with your division, at as early an hour as possible to-morrow morning, and take post as follows:

One brigade, with a battery, at Hartwood Church; one brigade and battery at the crossing of Deep Run, on the Rappahannock road; and one brigade ont he Rappahannock Station road, about 2 1/2 miles beyond Deep Run, at a point where the roads to Ellis's and Kelly's Fords branch off.

The object of this disposition is to watch the Rappahannock River, and constitute a support to a cavalry force which will be pushed out beyond you to Rappahannock Station. To enable you to keep a strict watch, and picket all the fords on the river, a regiment of cavalry will be ordered to report to you, whose duty it will be to watch all the fords from United States Ford to Kelly's Ford, and give you, as well as the cavalry force in your front, timely notice of any attempt on the part of the enemy to cross a body of troops at any point.

Your command will be supplied with three days' rations and 60 rounds of ammunition, and will take no vehicles but a limited supply of ambulances, the object being to move as lightly and rapidly as possible.

You will be careful to instruct your brigade commanders, besides the cavalry pickets furnished, to post strong infantry pickets around their positions, to prevent any surprise; also to keep up communications with their river pickets, with each other, and the cavalry force in front. You will likewise instruct the cavalry pickets on the river to be careful and not show themselves tot he enemy, the object of their being posted being to watch the enemy, but not to let them know of our movement. You will also take measures to prevent citizens communicating intelligence, by putting guards at their houses and confining them during your stay.

You will communicate frequently with these headquarters by means of orderlies, and, when the officer in charge of the cavalry reconnaissance report that he has completed it, you will return to this camp.

The officer in charge of the cavalry reconnaissance is Colonel J. B. McIntosh, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry. He has been direct to detail a regiment to report to you to-morrow at Hartwood Church, and to re-quire the commanding officer, if practicable, to communicate with you before leaving camp, to receive your instructions.

[GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.]

