
BALTIMORE, MD.,

May 14, 1863-2.40 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.:

The following telegram has been received from Brigadier General E. P. Scammon, at Charleston, [W.] Va.:

It would be more advantageous to this district to have Gallipolis, Ohio, included therein. It is especially necessary for medical, commissary, and quartermaster's departments. Can it be done?

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE,

May 15, 1863-1.15 p.m.

Brigadier General E. P. SCAMMON,

Charleston, W. Va.:

The following dispatch has been received from Washington:

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 15, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK:

You have authority to occupy any point on either side of the Ohio that you may deem proper.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

You will consider Gallipolis and the Ohio shore opposite the mouth of the Kanawha as within your command.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 15, 1863.

Commanding Officer, Cavalry Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that the pontoon bridges, ambulances, &amp;c., used for conveying our wounded across United States Ford, under flag of truce, are expected to be withdrawn this p.m., and the truce expire. You will direct your forces in that vicinity to cover the river, and prevent any passage, except under proper authority, after Colonel Sharpe, now in charge there, has ordered their withdrawal.

Your instructions with regard to picket duty are so modified as to require you to picket from General Couch's infantry pickets above Falmouth, instead of to Falmouth, as directed.

The major-general commanding directs that the Regular brigade be withdrawn from that duty and replaced by others of your command, in order that they may be in readiness for service in the field.

The following extract from my letter of May 12 is furnished:

He desires to know what force of those brought back with you you can add to this number for immediate duty in the field. He is anxious that General Buford's brigade of Regulars should be of this number.

The commanding general does not understand why this has not been complied with.

Very respectfully, &c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

