HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 15, 1863.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this date, and in reply thereto to state that a copy of that portion in regard to the pontoon bridge, flag of truce, and picketing the river has been sent to General Buford, with instructions to have its provisions carried into effect until he is relieved by the First New Jersey, the only regiment at my disposition. Colonel Wyndham, commanding First New Jersey, upon relieving General Buford, will be instructed to report to General Gregg, who is on his way to Bealeton,and General Gregg will be instructed to make the best disposition possible of the forces under him, which force, will amount to about 1,340 horses, to guard the railroad from Cedar Run to Rappahannock Bridge, and from thence down the river to the pickets of General Couch. The Regular brigade will be withdrawn as soon as it can be replaced by the First New Jersey Regiment.

In regard to the last paragraph of your letter, I am at a loss how to understand it. If you mean that I have failed to give the information required, I beg to call your attention to my reply thereto, in my letter to you of May 13, in which I say "the force of those brought back with me which is fit for immediate duty in the field, I shall be able to however, that the general can count upon 2,000 horses, provided but little marching is required; "and in this General Buford's Regular brigade was included. General Gregg has 1,500 horses of his division under his control 350 of them being unfitted for hard work in the field. General Buford's brigade is so scattered that it is impossible to give its strength with anything like accurancy. I should say, however, that he can muster 1,000 horses fit for service, besides those under the command of General Pleasonton.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General, Commanding Corps.

NEAR POTOMAC CREEK,

May 15, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN BUFORD,

Commanding Reserve Brigade:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith extract from instructions, headquarters Army of the Potomac.* Until relieved by Colonel Wyndham, you will be guided by them, noticing that the line to be covered is only from the railroad bridge over the Rappahannock to the infantry pickets of Major-General Couch's corps.

As soon as you have been relieved by Colonel Wyndham, the major-general commanding directs that you collect your command and march to this camp, where you will find isntructions for your location, &amp;c. Colonel Wyndham marches at daylight, May 16.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

