
NEAR POTOMAC CREEK BRIDGE,

May 15, 1863.

Colonel PERCY WYNDHAM,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you march with your command, with the exception of the First Pennsylvania Cavalry, which remains with Brigadier-General Pleasonton, at daylight to-morrow morning for Deep Run, where you will find Brigadier-General Buford encamped. Having arrived at Deep Run, you will relieve General Buford, covering the line now occupied by him with your own people. I inclose extracts from instructions from headquarters Army of the Potomac, from which you will see that the river line you will be expected to watch extends from the Rappahannock railroad bridge down the river to the infantry pickets of Couch's corps d'armee.

Having relieved General Buford, you will report your orders and measures taken to Brigadier-General Gregg, near Bealeton.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff.

NEAR POTOMAC BRIDGE,

May 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that Colonel Percy Wyndham marches at daylight to-morrow morning, to relieve Brigadier-General Buford, who moves with his brigade to this camp. Colonel Wyndham, after relieving General Buford, has been ordered to report to you, and the major-general commanding desires that you make the best disposition of your force possible, to guard the Rappahannock from the railroad bridge to the infantry pickets of Couch's corps d'armee,and the railroad from the same bridge to Cedar Run.

Very respectfully, general, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May [15], 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding, &amp;c.,:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith copies of correspondence between

General M. C. Meigs and myself, as follows, viz:

A. Letter from General Meigs regarding movement of Army of the Potomac for eight days without wagons.

B. Reply thereto.

C. Circular order for the march.*

D. Proceedings of a board specially convened with instructions to report upon practicability, &c.

E. Inclosure of General Meigs.

I have thought that the information and results of experience set forth

---------------

*Omitted here. See circular of April 13, p. 203.

---------------

