
contractor for clothing and equipping the army of France) gives his opinion value.

I have thought his ideas of sufficient interest to endeavor to make them known to some of our intelligent officers. They may bear fruit.

The use ofe hand-mills for grinding corn would enable a column of men to dispnse with flour or wheat bread during a march of some extent. They could be carried on the pack mules or horses.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

[Sub-Inclosure.]

Flying column.

2,000 infantry (officers on foot).

400 cavalry.

2 pieces of artillery.

50 led horses (conducted by men on foot) carrying litters, cacolets, and officers' tents.

DETAILS FOR EIGHT DAYS.

For each man, empty entirely the knapsack, and refill it with small linen bags containing coffee, tea, sugar, rice, salt, pepper, and Cholet's desiccated and compressed vegetables. Take plenty of lard or suet in the small gamelle or mess-pan with which each man is furnished.

Plenty of cartridges-60 in the knapsack, 40 in the cartridge-box. Each man must have, besides, 7 pounds sea-buscuit, inclosed in a wrapper and placed in the knapsacks under the cover, in the place where the folded coat is usually carried (see the drawings in the album of the packed knapsack, and the instruction which has been to every sergeant and corporal of the regiments which have received French equipments.)

Tell of them men into squads of 8 each, and give, besides the regular equipment of each of them, to one a marmite (or covered kettle), to another a large gamelle, to another an ax, to another a pick, to another a shovel. (These articles are to be fastened under the large strap of the knapsack). One man in each company should carry the hospital knapsack, and it is well understood that each man ought to carry, folded, a blanket and his share of the shelter-tent.

The cavalry should be furnished as the infantry but carry, in addition, pickets and grain for their horses.

Thus do away with all wagons.

To make a fire, it is sufficient to make a trench in the ground narrower than the bottom of the kettle, arrange the marmites or large kettles of a whole company side by side, and slip the wood under them. The kettles have covers, serving as stew-pans. The men ought, without cooks, to make a soup and another mess of some kind or other in fifteen minutes.

Everything beig arranged, put the column in motion. Encamp the first night, and see that you have everything in order. After this, march forward overthrow the enemy, take his works, and establish yourself.

This done, while some intrench, others prepare the food, others pitch the tents, &amp;c.

On the following day, from the depot, the wagons are sent forward, accompanied by detachments, to revictual the column. Go on thus, ad-

