
and not by individuals or by squads, and for this purpose two men should be detailed from each company as cooks, one relieved every month, thus allowing each one detailed to be on this duty for two months.

The importance of police, general and personal, cannot be too highly regarded. The blankets and bedding of the men, should be removed from the tents and exposed to the sun and air daily when the weather will permit. Every tent and the grounds in and about and between the camps should be thoroughly policed daily, and all refuse matter or fifth of whatever kind be buried at least 3 feet under ground. All dead animals, all offal and blood from slaughtered animals, should be at once buried at least 4 feet beneath, the surface and the refuse matter from stables and wagon-yards should be buried 2 feet under ground or burned. In every camp sinks should be dug and used, and the men on no consideration allowed to commit any nuisance anywhere within the limits of the army. The sinks should be 8 feet deep, if the ground will permit, and have earth to the depth of 6 inches thrown in every evening, and, when filled within 3 feet of the surface, be entirely filled up with earth and new ones dug. No one thing produces a more deleterious effect upon the health than emanations from the human body, especially when in process of decay; and this one item of police should receive special attention.

Holes should be dug near each company kitchen, in which should be cast all the refuse matters from it, and, when filled to within 2 feet of the surface, should be filled with earth, and new ones dug.

The men should be required to wear their hair cut short, bathe twice a week, and put on clean underclothing at least once a week. The troops should have their breakfast as soon as they rise.

Spasmodic efforts in a matter of such paramount importance as police can be of no service, and I recommend that regimental and other commanders be required to see that these suggestions, if they meet the approval of the commanding general, be fully and continuously carried into effect.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ONATHAN LETTERMAN,

Medical Director.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

May 15, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

It appears to have been my cavalry that General Stahel reported to General Heintzelman as being rebels, at Leesburg and Upperville. Hearing of Mosby at Goose Creek, with some 70 men, I ordered General Milroy to send, from Colonel McReynold's brigade at Berryville, a detachment of the First New York Cavalry after them. General Milroy reports the detachment under Captain Boyd returned yesterday, having been at both Upperville and Leesburg, and scouring the country thoroughly, having had several skirmishers. They brought in 8 prisoners and 16 captured horses, and report several of the enemy killed and wounded. Five of the prisoners were taken from Mosby's cavalry, in a skirmish at Upperville. Our loss in the expedition, 1 man mortally wounded.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

