
Corps, as to executive and administrative command, will resume its original status as existing previous to the late marches.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 134 Camp near Falmouth, Va., May 16, 1863.

* * * * * *

III. The duty of guarding the railroad and defenses between Aquia Creek and Falmouth will be distributed as follows:

The Twelfth Corps from Aquia Creek depot at a point to be designated by Colonel Ames, outside his lines at Aquia Creek, all works Creek to Accakeek Creek.

The Eleventh Corps from Accakeek Creek to and including the north bank of Potomac Creek, and north end of Potomac Creek Bridge, with all works and defenses, railroad, &amp;c., within that line.

The Fifth Corps is charged with the protection and care of the works, and guarding the railroad, from Potomac Creek to a point half-way between Potomac Creek Bridge and Falmouth Station, including the works on the south bank of Potomac Creek and the Potomac Creek Bridge, except the north end thereof.

From Falmouth Station to a point half-way between Falmouth Station, and Potomac Creek, the guarding of the railroad track, station, depot, &c., intrusted to Second Corps, General Couch.

The duties in imposed upon these guards will be the perfect care and protection of the railroad, stationing at least one man for every quarter of a mile, preventing the placing of any obstacles on the track or any interference with the trains; the riding of horses on the track or in the ditches or slope of the raod, and the care, protection, and repair of fortifications within the respective districts.

Troops of the respective corps will be placed on duty immediately, under careful, vigilant, and efficient officers, relieving whatever troops are on duty at these points now.

Batteries and works in the vicinity of Accakeek and Potomac Creeks will remain in their present position, subject to the orders of the commanding officers within the limits of whose commands they are.

These orders will be carried into effect without delay.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 16, 1863.

Brigadier-General PLEASANTON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you send a regiment of cavalry down the Northern Neck, with instructions to capture and destroy all vessels, flat-boats, scows, or other means of transportation used for contraband trade in the Potomac or Rappahannock, and par-

