
bodies of officers of this army who fell in the late battles near Chancellorsville, information, dated United States Ford, to-day, at 11.30 a.m., that at that hour no pontoons were at that place, and that the Confederate authorities appear impatient at their delay.

I respectfully request that such steps as may be deemed necessary to have two of those boats, with the requisite materials to make a raft, may be taken as will insure their being destination at the time at which they are ordered.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JONATHAN LETTERMAN,

Medical Director.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 17, 1863.

Respectfully referred to General Benham, who yesterday made an official report that the boats were at United States Ford, for an explanation. The boats will be sent at once, and this paper returned with report.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state, in reply to the inclosed letter and its indorsement, that the two boats, &amp;c., were duly ordered by me to be left at United States Ford, as required, as will be seen by the inclosed copy of my order for that purpose, upon which I had my report referred to, that the boats were so ordered, which was confirmed by Captain Slosson, my senior officer. Soon after the return of the bridge train, I was informed that these boats were also ordered back as not needed, and I took no further action, and did not report it, supposing it a similar case to that just reported by me to you, of the turning back of a party of my men from toward Banks' Ford by General Warren, where they had been sent by me on requisition from headquarters, which I find by your reply had been correctly done. The two boats required, with the material for a raft and the neccessary men, have been ordered to proceed forthwith to the United States Ford, to report to the senior United States medical officer there.

Your obedient servant,

H. W. BENHAM,

[Brigadier-General]

P. S.- I inclose herewith copy of Captain Slosson's explanation, showing that the orders were strictly carried ouat.

[Inclosures.]

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 15, 1863.

Captain SLOSSON,

Commanding Detachment Fifteenth New York, Banks' Ford, Va.:

CAPTAIN: In accordance with the inclosed order, you will take up your bridge as soon as the surgeons have done with it, leaving two

32 R R-VOL XXV, PT II

