
boats, with the teams, trucks, &amp;c., three days' forage for horses, and sufficient men to haul the boats out of the river if the enemy require it. The boats will remain until further orders. The whole force left to be under the charge of a commissioned officer.

By order of Brigadier-General Benham:

S. M. WELD, JR.,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 17, 1863.

General BENHAM,

Commanding Engineer Brigade:

GENERAL: I have to say, in explanation of the boats returning, that the two boats, with material for constructing a raft, according to your orders of the 15th instant, and two boats with material, left by Lieutenant Sheldon, were left in charge of Lieutenant Farrell, with these instructions that when the ambulance train had all crossed, that he would probably take up his boats in the morning. He was informed between 8 and 9 p.m. that the train had all crossed and some of the ambulances were empty. Lieutenant Farrell was informed by the medical officer in charge that everything was over, and said that he would assist him with his men in taking up the rafts, and was ordered by the medical officer in charge to take the boats and material out of sight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY V. SLOSSON

Captain, Commanding Pontoon Train Numbers 1, Fifteenth N. Y. Engineers,
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY RESERVE,Hartwood, May 17, 1863-6.30 a.m.

Brigadier-General GREGG:

GENERAL: I will move my wholel command this morning to Potomac Creek. I did not think it advisable to allow Colonel Kielmansegge to relieve me with but 230 men, but during the night received intimation that your force was ordered to relieve mine. I will withdraw my pickets as the column marches. Will start at 9 a.m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General Volunteers.

POTOMAC CREEK,

May 17, 1863.

Brigadier General D. McM. GREGG:

GENERAL: A dispatch just received from headquarters Army of the Potomac states taht the pickets from United States Ford have been withdrawn. The major-general commanding directs that they be replaced at once, as you are expected to guard the river from Couch's infantry pickets to Rappahannock railroad bridge.

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff.

