
with your organization, and who is now to command you, your full and cordial support and co-operation, and you will deserve success.

In taking an affectionate leave of the entire army, from which he separates with so much regret, he may be pardoned if he bids an especial farewell to his long-tried associates of the Ninth Corps.

His prayers are that God may be with you, and grant you continual success until the rebellion is crushed.

By command of Major-General Burnside.

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-Genera.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 1. Camp near Falmouth, Va., January 26, 1863.

By direction of the President of the United States, the undersigned assumes command of the Army of the Potomac. he enters upon the discharge of the duties imposed by this trust with a just appreciation of their responsibility. Since the formation of this army he has been identified with its history. He has shared with you its glories and reverses with no other desire than that these relations might remain unchanged until its destiny should be accomplished. In the record of your achievements there is much to be proud of, and, with the blessing of God, we will contribute something to the renown of our arms and the success of our cause. To secure the ends, your commander will require the cheerful and zealous co-operation of every officer and soldier in this army.

In equipment, intelligence, and valor the enemy is our inferior; let us never hesitate to give him battle wherever we can find him.

The undersigned only gives expression to the feelings of this army when he conveys to our late commander, Major-General Burnside, the most cordial good wishes for his future.

My staff will be announced as soon as organized.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding Army of the Potomac.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MID. DEPT, 8TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 9. Baltimore, Md., January 26, 1863.

I. The following named troops of this army corps shall constitute a separate brigade:

The First Regiment Eastern Shore Maryland Volunteer Infantry, Colonel James Wallace.

The Second Regiment Eastern Shore Maryland Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel E. E. Massey, commanding.

Company A, Purnell Cavalry, Captain R. E. Duvall.

Captain G. W. P. Smith's Independent Company Maryland Cavalry.

Companies A, B, and C, Scott's 900 New York Cavalry.

Companies A, B, and E, Independent Battalion New York Volunteers, and generally all forces that now are or may be hereafter assigned for service in any of eh counties of the Eastern Shore of Maryland, and in the counties of Northampton and Accomack, of Virginia, and on the Western Shore of Maryland between the Potomac and Patuxent Rivers, as far up as the Piscataway River and Upper Marlborough, and in the county of Calvert, and in the Sate of Delaware,

