
BALTIMORE, May 18, 1863.

Governor CURTIN, Harrisburg:

DEAR SIR: Mr. Barclay informs me that he is on his way to visit you at Harrisburg, with a view to urging some immediately steps to be taken for the better defense and security of the border. I am glad of it, for it is a subject which gives me constant anxiety. Mr. Barclay will inform you of the conversation I have had with him, and the views I have expressed to him, and I sincerely hope you will conclude, if you agree with me, that you will give the matter your earnest, active, and immediate attention, as involving largely the interests and peace of Pennsylvania and her people.

My conviction is briefly this: The only sure way to defend and guard the border is to keep all rebel forces out of West Virginia, or, rather, out of all the northern portion of Virginia, and this can only be done by a sufficient force of cavalry, to be kept south of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. The late rebel raid penetrating to Morgantown, or even nearer than that to the Pennsylvania line, should be a lesson. I have troops enough in the long flank line which I have to defend, but they are not of the right kind.

Cavalry is, I repeat, needed; 10,000 well-mounted men would give more effective security than three times the number of infantry.

I have represented time and again to the military authorities at Washington my want of this important description of force, but it occurs to me to endeavor to enlist your efforts also, as the Executive of your great State, so much concerned in the endeavor to have this command supplied with more of this arm of defense and aggression. Will you co-operate with me?

Leaving a fuller explanation of my ideas to Mr. Barclay,

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,Numbers 221. Washington, May 18, 1863.

* * * * * * *

VI. Brigadier General E. Ferrero, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person, without delay, to Major General Burnside, commanding Department of the Ohio, for assignment to duty.

* * * * * * *

XXIII. Brigadier General Thomas G. Pitcher, U. S. Volunteers, will proceed, without delay, to Montpelier, Vt., and enter upon the duties of assistant to the Provost-Marshal-General of the United States, for the State of Vermont.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 19, 1863.

Mr. PRESIDENT:

In view of the condition of affairs on the Rappahannock, I thought we should have something definite in regard to the forces around

