
the best opportunities of observation, do not think they have exceeded 60,000. Nevertheless they have defeated very superior numbers on our side. It may be mortifying to do so, nevertheless it is our duty to provide for the contingency of a defeat upon a decisive point, notwithstanding the fact that we concentrate superior forces upon that point. It is now conceded that most of Longstreet's force did not arrive in time to take part in the battle of Chancellorsville. A part of them are probably now in Richmond, to guard that place from General Dix's forces at West Point.

You will remember that before General Hooker made his movement across the Rappahannock, you offered him the general control of general Dix's command, in so much as concerned co-operation. This he decline. When, at General Hooker's camp, I offered to move General Dix's available force wherever it could assist him most, whether upon the York or Rappahannock, he then thought best to leave it where it is for the present. It will hold in check equal numbers in Richmond, and, perhaps, be able to cut the enemy's communications should he be again attacked by General Hooker.

I deem it proper to state here that I have no information in regard to the intended movements of the Army of the Potomac. General Hooker reports directly to the President, and receives instructions directly from him. I was not informed by General Hooker when, where, or how he intended to operate when he crossed to fight the battle of Chancellorsville. It is a military rule that when a subordinate officer reports to and receives instructions directly from a superior, no one of intermediate rank can interfere. Under present circumstances, I think it would be improper for no to interfere in any of General Hooker's plans or movements. All I know in regard to them is, that he told me he intended to make some movement immediately. Whatever that movement may be, I shall assist him to the best of my ability and means.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, May 19, 1863-3.35 p. m.

Major-General SCHENCK,

Baltimore, Md.:

Brigadier General B. S. Roberts, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person to Major General John Pope, commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis., as soon as he is relieved from duty in the Middle Department. Please so order.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

May 19, 1863-7 p. m.

Brigadier-General ROBERTS,

Weston, Va.:

General Scammon reports the enemy at Raleigh, under Jenkins, 3,000 men; Jones and Imboden at Lewisburg, 5,000 men; Echols, 2,000. In

