
all, 10,000 men. The general commanding directs that you throw forward all the force you can to Summerville, to create a diversion, if possible.

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

May 19, 1863-7 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The following just received:

CHARLESTON, VA.,

May 18, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Baltimore, Md.:

Report from Fayette says one regiment of cavalry and large infantry force is at Raleigh, under Jenkins, supposed 3,000 men. Jones and Imboden are reported at Lewisburg; their-force estimated at 5,000; Echols, 2,000. Ten thousand men, under 1 major and 3 brigadier-generals, opposed to my 4,242 men. Waiting for the enemy to choose his point of attack. Have directed the barricade of road above Tompkins' farm. Shall for present leave Fayette with two regiments and a battery. Shall have opposite Charleston, in good position and tolerably well fortified, four regiments and thirteen guns. Can no diversion be made from Clarksburg or some point east? Two thousand horses three or four months ago would have saved this.

E. P. SCAMMON,

Brigadier-General.

Have directed Roberts, who is at Weston, to throw forward all the force he can to Summerville, to create a diversion.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,Numbers 224. Washington, May 19, 1863.

I. Brigadier General S. W. Crawford, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from duty with the board of which Brigadier-General Ricketts is president, and is assigned to duty with the command of Major-General Heintzelman.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 20, 1863.

Commanding Officer, First Corps:

The inclosed report * was received here this evening. A regiment of cavalry only has gone down the Neck (a day or two since). The major-general commanding directs that you send down three good regiments, under the command of Colonel Morrow, or some officer of equal energy, courage, and discretion, in whom you have full confidence, to take such measures as circumstances may require. They should take pioneer tools sufficient to reconstruct the bridge, if necessary. They should capture or destroy the part of the enemy below. The general directs

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

