
that they march at daylight. It is presumed that you have a number of officers familiar with the localities. The boats spoken of should be destroyed if possible. The commanding officer of the Cavalry Corps has been furnished with a copy of this. A squadron sailed in the Talacca, or are to sail in the morning, to catch the party leaving Richmond in the stage of Tuesday to cross near Urbana. The party from your command should march, if possible, in a manner or by a route to conceal their strength and movement from the enemy.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

(Copy furnished commanding officer Cavalry Corps.)
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 137. Camp near Falmouth, Va., May 20, 1863.

* * * * * * *

IV. So much of existing orders from these headquarters as require that three days' cooked rations be kept constantly on hand are revoked.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE,

May 20, 1863.

Brigadier-General SCAMMON,

Charleston, W. Va.:

Nothing from you since the 18th. Your telegram of that date was received last evening. Roberts is succeeded in his command by General Averell. He has been ordered to proceed to Summerville. The Ninth Virginia Infantry, which was enlisted in the Kanawha country, will be sent to your. Shall they be ordered to Charleston or Point Pleasant? They would be good men to mount. Answer immediately.

WM. H. CHESEBROGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

May 20, 1863.

Colonel PIATT,

Grafton:

General Scammon's report of his situation on the 18th was fully reported to B. F. Kelley last night. He said that Jones and Imboden were at Lewisburg with 5,000, Echols 2,000, and Jenkins at Raleigh with 3,000, making 10,000 opposing him. Have heard nothing from him since. Am glad to hear that the Ninth Virginia Infantry is on its way to Scammon, but I did not expect them to go across the country alone. They must look ahead to see that Summerville is not occupied by the enemy. Scammon had a force drive from there the other day which fell back

