
Washington has been sent to re-enforce General Hooker, thus leaving Washington in a defenseless condition.

3. The near approach of the conscription act has caused those in one State who are hostile to the Government to write to the rebel Government for aid to rid them of the conscription law. These are the hopes of the rebel Government, and I earnestly pray that their unholy and traitorous plans may fail.

They present policy is to invade all the border States, if possible, and thus kill off the conscription act.

The person who gave me this information is a rebel, but a relative of mine (of which I am truly sorry). He also informed me of the late rebel raid in Western Virginia three months before it took place, and I informed General Schenck of the fact.

From my personal observations I am satisfied that the traitors in our midst have free intercourse with the rebel Government and are fully versed in all their plans. Some of them make their brags that Maryland will be free before three weeks.

This information may not be worth anything, and yet may be of vital importance. If it should be the means of defeating their hellish plans, I will be doubly paid, but when they take Baltimore they will find it a heap of ashes. This is the fixed determination of the Union men here.

Accept my best wishes for your health, happiness, and future prosperity, and the heartfelt prayer that this unholy rebellion may be speedily crushed out.

In haste, yours, very respectfully,

L. THOMAS PRINCE,

114 Baltimore Street.

NEW YORK CITY,

May 21, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

SIR: There is no doubt whatever that the rebels are preparing to invade Washington and Baltimore very soon, and if they cannot take Washington they say that they are sure of Baltimore, with all its stores. This programme, decided upon some time ago, since the defeat of Hooker, they now seem to think cannot fail. They will soon get men enough from other department, they think, to overwhelm the Union forces. The great depletion of our ranks by the expiration of so many thousands' terms of service adds vastly to their chances. Will not something be done speedily to diminish these chances? Is the Government going to sit down and let them carry our their plans, or study about it until too late? It will be too late to call upon the Northern militia when the foe begins the invasion. It must be done at once, if done at all. It takes time and a great while to collect 50,000 men, the least number certainly that should be called for.

It is said here in the papers that the Governor of Pennsylvania has offered this number to garrison Washington until the conscripts are ready, and that they were accepted. If so, why is not a movement commenced to gather or collect them? These delays in action have ever ruled us up to this time. There are too many to consult, too many to debate the questions presented. Active action only can save us. Can the Government be induced to act, or wake up, as is constantly asked?

Will not Major-General Halleck make an effort to save the capital?

Very respectfully,

JOHNSON PAENTER.

