
CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., May 21, 1863.

Brigadier-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you send Colonel Duffie with his command to clear out the bushwhackers and guerrillas in the country lying between Morrisville and Dumfries. Colonel Duffie will be instructed to take every horse and animal found in the district capable of being used for such purposes. He will seize every fire-arm found anywhere in that section of country. He will give receipts for all property taken, in accordance with specified forms in existing orders. He will notify all the inhabitants that whenever any guerrillas or bushwhackers are found ranging around within their premises, their houses will be burned to the ground and their property confiscated.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,May 21, 1863.

Colonel H. A. MORROW,

Commanding Twenty-fourth Michigan Volunteers:

You will proceed at daylight, with your regiment and the Second and Sixth Wisconsin Regiments, down the Neck, by the road nearest the Potomac, to Mattox Bridge, 13 miles below King George Court-House, and reconstruct that bridge, if destroyed. From that point you will send out in the direction of Port Micou, and capture or destroy any party of the enemy who may cross or attempt to cross the river at that place. I inclose a copy of the instructions from headquarters Army of the Potomac* for you guidance and information; also the report of the signal officers below.+

JOHN F. REYNOLDS,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

CAMP THIRD INDIANA CAVALRY, May 21, 1863.

Lieutenant E. B. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Brigade:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of Captain William Patton, Company A, Third Indiana Cavalry, who returned from a scouting expedition yesterday evening:

In compliance with orders, I left camp of Third Indiana Cavalry, May 18, at 8 a. m., and proceeded to Stafford Court-House; from thence to Garrisonville, where I threw out squads of from 8 to 12 men each, sending 3 to the right and 3 to the right and 3 to the left, extending from and covering the ground from Stafford Store to Hartwood Church, a distance of 10 miles, all meeting at Spotted Tavern at 6 p. m. i gained no information of consequence. I could hear reports of the Black Horse Cavalry having been through this section some days ago, and that they were now in Fauquier Country, Virginia, trying to get out of our lines.

At 7 . m. on the 19th, I sent Lieutenant Lee and 12 men to the extreme left, to go by Kellogg's Mills to Bealeton Station, and communicate with General Gregg's pickets, and from thence to Bristersburg. I also sent a squad, under the command of a sergeant, to Catlett's Station, via Brentsville, to Bristenrsburg. Taking the Falmouth and Warrenton road with the center, I proceeded to Bristersburg, the rendezvous,

---------------

*See Butterfield to commanding officer, First Corps, p. 507.

+Not found.

---------------

