
caterers are furnished transportation, &amp;c. A copy on file, date May 11, 1863, referred to this office through headquarters Army of the Potomac, to be returned with report.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

May 21, 1863-11.10 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I consider it essentially necessary to have the telegraphic line from Martinsburg to Winchester immediately completed. The poles are all up, and it only needs to put the wire on them. Will you not make the order at once?

Remember, I have a full division of troops at Winchester, and it can be protected now.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF POTOMAC,

Numbers 11. May 22, 1863.

I. During the absence of Major-General Stoneman, the command of this corps devolves upon the undersigned.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF ENGINEER OF DEFENSES,Washington, May 22, 1863.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: In informing you that on being deprived entirely, as I have been, of the assistance of troops on the south side of the Potomac, I should be obliged to suspend much important unfinished work, I only conformed to a necessity I cannot control. My pay-rolls for hired labor were, for the month of April, over $30,000, and at the end of that month only $14,000 of the $200,000 appropriated by Congress remained. At the end of the current month, probably not much over $10,000 will remain, and i have yet the important works recommended by the Commission appointed by the Secretary of War of the defense of the river to commence, besides the several new works commenced in progress. But it is out of the question to complete all that should be done with hired labor alone.

At the Chain Bridge there remains much to be done, and I will continue a force of mechanics, with some laborers, provided I can have the assistance of the troops.

Fort McDowell (or forth at the red house) is defensible, and can receive its armament. I shall be obliged probably to defer the construction of bomb-proofs.

So at De Kalb, Woodberry, Cass, Tillinghast, and Craig, the thing to be done is the bomb-proofs, and I can do little on these except through the aid of the garrisons.

The fort behind Cass requires the labor of 500 men. All I can do is

33 R R-VOL XXV, PT II

