
WARRENTON JUNCTION,

May 23, 1863.

General GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry:

Mosby was at Catlett's and Mr. Quisenberry's this morning at 6 o'clock. We have captured 1 of his men; have seen a number of others on the Warrenton road and vicinity. Several of our pickets were fired on during the night. I send prisoner under guard.

GEO. M. BROWN,

Captain, Commanding Pickets.

WARRENTON JUNCTION,

May 23, 1863.

General GREGG:

Mosby has established pickets from near Quisenberry's house toward Catlett's Station, and the infantry at Catlet's report a continual sound as of wagons or artillery moving toward Bristoe. If you have a spare horse, please send it for the use of the operator here.

GEO. M. BROWN,

Captain.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 56. Camp near Falmouth, Va., May 23, 1863.

I. In consequence of the gross abuses that are practiced upon the Government and the army, by registered purveyors, the commanding general directs that all the permits of this class of persons be revoked, and the office be abolished.

II. to avoid unnecessary inconvenience to officers and loss to purveyors, such articles as have been inspected by the United States officer at Sixth street wharf, and are now in transit from Washington, may be brought to the army, but no new orders will be filled.

III. regularly appointed sutlers, under existing regulations, can furnish, by private conveyance, such articles as are necessary for the commands to which they are respectively attached, but public transportation will not hereafter be granted, for private stores, to any trader whatever.

IV. The commanding officer of every regiment and detachment to which a sutler is legally appointed will be held responsible that his duties, as defined in the Thirtieth Article of War, the Revised Army Regulations, and the act to provide for the appointment of sutlers, &amp;c., published in General Orders, Numbers 27, War Department, 1862, are properly performed.

V. the large number of persons following this army, and thereby escaping taxation, conscription, and the burdens that fall upon their fellow-citizens, is a great and growing evil, and every commanding officer will reduce to the smallest possible number his own camp-followers, by arresting and sending to these headquarters every citizen found within his lines without the permit required in Paragraph III, General Orders, Numbers 18, Army of the Potomac.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

