SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 36. Camp near Falmounth, Va., February 5, 1863.

I. Brigadier General H. G. Berry is assigned to the command of the Second Division, Third Corps, and will report accordingly.

* * * * * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Hooker:

JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT GRAND DIVISION,February 6, 1863.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In compliance with Paragraph V, General Orders, No. 6, dated headquarters Army of the Potomac, February 5, 1863, I have the honor to report the following staff officers, other than the personal staff of the late commanding general of the Right Grand Division, viz:

Names.	Nature of duty.	Remarks.

Lieutenant Colonel 	Chief of staff and	Now absent on

J. H. Taylor	assistant adjutant-general.	leave; fifteen

days expires

February 14,

1863.

Lieutenant Colonel 	Chief quartermaster	Granted leave of

C. G. Sawtelle		absence, fifteen

days.

Lieutenant Colonel 	Chief commissary.	Granted leave of

William W. Teall		absence, fifteen

days.

Lieutenant Colonel 	Assistant	Absent on sick

Paul J. Revere	inspector-general.	leave.

Surg. N. Dougherty	Medical director	Absent on leave

of twenty days;

expires February

19, 1863.

First Lieutenant 	Topographical Corps	Absent on leave

A. H. Cushing		of twenty days;

expires February

15, 1863.

Second Lieutenant 	Engineer Corps	Present for duty.

R. S. Mackenzie

I deem it proper to remark, for the information of the general commanding, that Major-General Sumner, on leaving this army, announced his determination to apply for his entire staff in case he should be assigned by the President to another command.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Falmouth, Va., February 6, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to inclose herewith copies of Special Orders, Nos. 35 and 36, directing the movements of the Ninth Corps and of the Pennsylvania Reserves. By the former it will be observed that Major General W. F. Smith has been ordered to the Ninth Corps, and Major-General Sedgwick to the Sixth Corps. This change, I am satisfied, will conduce to the good feeling and efficiency of this army, and, perhaps, to that of the Ninth Corps. Not knowing at what point it was desired to have the Reserve landed, I considered it advisable to send them to Alexandria, from which point their destination can be readily changed to meet the wishes of the officer in command of the corps in Washington and vicinity. As desertions from this army are now at an end, or nearly so, I respectfully, recommend that no infantry from my command

