
ington, and return the same week. The next week they could pass into Page County, through Massanutten Mountain to Luray. From Luray they can scout the country to Port Republic; from Port Republic they can proceed to Charlottesville; from Charlottesville they could retreat to Madison Court-House; from Madison to Luray.

Five full regiments of cavalry should have seven regiments of horses. One of the extra regiments should be stationed at New Market and one at Luray, so that when a regiment came in with jaded horses, they could leave them to rest and take fresh ones.

Take all the negroes in the Valley from the loyal as well as disloyal, organize them into companies to tend horses, do duty, or act as guides. Bring farming to a stop. You will find enough wheat in the Valley to bread Milroy's army. Put the negroes at work making hay, preparing roads, and at other laborious occupations. What cannot be employed in this manner, organize into regiments and let them take the field. Encourage all citizens to take the oath of allegiance and go North till the war is over. Let them hunt employment in the workshops and manufactories of the North. Let proclamations be issued assuring the rebel soldiers that the Government will protect them, and will not press them into our service if they desert and come to us, but that they can get profitable employment in the North till the return of peace. Also proclaim to all foreign naturalized citizens who are in arms against the United States that they can have twenty days to return to their allegiance to the Union, with full pardon. Give them to understand that they are not only guilty of treason, but also of perjury, and that, if they do not return under twenty days, they will be hung, shot, or banished, if afterward captured.

Increase the ill-feeling between the rich and poor in your occupation of all towns in the Valley; inquire into the situation and wants of the people; impress the poor with the idea that the rich are the cause of all their miseries, and divide the wealth of the rich with the poor.

Why not send three or four brigades of cavalry from Hooker to Milroy? They could proceed from Stafford Court-House to Rappahannock Station, from there to Fayetteville, from there to Jefferson, from there to Battle Mountain, from there to Sperryville, from Sperryville to Little Washington, from there down along the foot of blue Ridge to Chester Gap, from there to Piedmont, from there to Salem, from there to White Plains, from there to Rectortown, from there to Middleburg, from there to Upperville, from there to Ashby's Gap, from there to Berry's Ferry, from there to Berryville, or they could return from Middleburg to Centreville or Fairfax Court-House. If you make a circuit according to this plan, you will catch Mosby and his guerrilla bands.

My opinion is that General Milroy will be attacked in less than ten days unless he is re-enforced. He will be attacked by Jones' cavalry, numbering 5,000. They will come via Moorefield, Wardensville, and Cacapon Springs, and [push] themselves between Winchester and Martinsburg. Simultaneously they will push forward an infantry force from Stauton and New Market down the Valley pike, in front of Winchester. To connect with these, if Hooker's army lies still, Stuart's cavalry will steal a march from Orange Court-House or Culpeper. They will go to Warrenton, from there to Orleans or Salem, from Salem to Springfield or Markham; at these latter points they will be joined by all the guerrilla bands. They will push on between Berryville and Winchester, and connect with Jones, and thus fall upon Milroy whichever road he might retreat on. This information I have gained from different rebels.

