
WASHINGTON, May 27, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER, Falmouth:

Your telegram received. My clerks are now making a copy of General Halleck's report, which will be forwarded to you by General Butterfield. I hoped to have seen you again. Command whatever service I can render you. Nothing yet from Vicksburg since you were here.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

May 27, 1863.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: By direction of the general commanding, I furnish the following memoranda of the position of the enemy and other data obtained within the last few days:

1. The enemy's line in front of us is much more contracted than during the winter. I extends from Banks' Ford, on a line parallel with the river, to near Moss Neck. Anderson's division is on their left. McLaw's is next, and in rear of Fredericksburg. Early is massed about Hamilton's Crossing, and Trimble's is directly in the rear of Early Rodes' (D. H. Hill's old division) is farther to the right, and back from the river, and A. P. Hill is the right of their line, resting nearly on Moss Neck. Each of these six divisions have five brigades.

2. Pickett's division, of six brigades, has come up from Suffolk, and is at Taylorsville, near Hanover Junction.

3. Hood's division, of four brigades, has also left from the front of Suffolk, and is between Louisa Court-House and Gordonsville.

4. Ten days ago there was in Richmond only the City Battalion, 2,700 strong, commanded by General Elzey.

5. There are three brigades of cavalry 3 miles from Culpeper Court-House, toward Kelly's Ford. They can at present turn out only 4,700 men for duty, but have many dismounted men, and the horses are being constantly and rapidly recruited by the spring growth of grass. These are Fitz. Lee's, William H. Fitzhugh Lee's, and Wade Hampton's brigades.

6. General Jones is still in the Valley, near New Market, with about 1,400 cavalry and twelve pieces of light artillery.

7. Mosby is above Warrenton, with 200 men.

8. The Confederate army is under marching orders, and an order from General Lee was very lately read to the troops, announcing a campaign of long marches and hard fighting, in a part of the country where they would have no railroad transportation.

9. All the deserters say that the idea is very prevalent in the ranks that they are about to move forward upon or above our right flank.

GEO. H. SHARPE,

Colonel.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 27, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the General-in-Chief. Colonel Sharpe is in charge of the bureau of information at these headquarters.

JOSEPH HOOKER,Major-General, Commanding.

(Received, Headquarters of the Army, June 8, 1863.)

