
WASHINGTON,

May 27, 1863-11 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER:

Have you Richmond papers of this morning? If so, what news?

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 27, 1863-11.20 p. m.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

I have received your telegram of 11 p. m. Rumors, and reports of rumors, indicate that important changes are being made by them. Nothing, however, so far as I know, is sufficiently developed to determine what these changes are. The Richmond paper of yesterday I have, but it contains no news. I will keep you fully advised.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

MAY 27, 1863.

Commanding Officer, First Corps:

The commanding general directs that you have your command in readiness to move to-day, and that you report in person as soon as practicable to these headquarters for special instructions. Please acknowledge.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,May 27, 1863.

Captain A. J. COHEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to the general commanding the Cavalry Corps the arrival of the Second Division, Colonel Duffie commanding. The line originally assigned to me, and which is still preserved, is from the infantry pickets of Couch's corps to the railroad bridge on the Rappahannock, thence along the line of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad to Cedar Run Bridge; at this last point I connect with the infantry of General Heintzelman's command. the headquarters of both divisions are established at this place. The duty on the river is performed by three of the seven regiments of the Second Division. That on the railroad, and at the fords above Rappahannock railroad bridge, by two of the five regiments of the Third Division.

Abundance of forage is delivered at this depot, and the grazing in this vicinity is excellent. This afternoon I made a hurried inspection of the horses of the two divisions, and I regret to have to report their exceedingly worn, and, to a great extent, unserviceable condition. I am satisfied that a close inspection of the horses of these divisions on the 31st instant will show one-half of the entire number of horses unfit for active offensive operations. I preset this fact because the present is the season at which active field service may be demanded, and would thus urge the necessity of at once procuring serviceable [horses] to mount the regiments.

34 R R-VOL XXVI, PT II

