
Since November last, the Third Division has received only about 200 horses. The condemnation of horses has been avoided because of impossibility of obtaining new ones. Horses have been retained to prevent the swelling of the number of men at the dismounted camps. By telegraph to-day I asked for instructions concerning the camp of the Third Division, still maintained at Potomac Creek. Every horse that could carry a man here has been brought up. There are horses there that have been inspected, but were not disposed of when the division left for the present camps. It is necessary that division, brigade, and regimental wagons should be sent here, that access may be had to the records, that reports and returns may be brought up.

The line of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad has peculiar advantages at this season for camps for refitting and reorganizing cavalry, and the general commanding is assured that no efforts will be [spared] to derive for this command the greatest benefits from all resources. I send Major Falls, assistant inspector-general of this division, to receive and execute the orders of the general commanding the corps at Potomac Creek.

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division, Cavalry Corps.

WARRENTON JUNCTION,

May 27, 1863.

Captain WEIR, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I send you copy of dispatch from Colonel Mann to General Stahel, as follows:

Scout toward Warrento reports pretty reliable information of concentration of large force at Culpeper and toward Waterloo for speedy raid. Shall send strong party to-night at midnight to Warrenton, and down to White Plains. Shall go myself, if the general does not object. Shall watch the enemy well toward Culpeper.

Everything quiet in vicinity of Junction.

GEO. M. BROWN,

Captain First Maine Cavalry.

MAY 27, 1863-12 m.

Major General E. D. KEYES,

Commanding, &amp;c., Yorktown:

Do you know of any force of the enemy to prevent Colonel Kilkpatrick, with his two regiments, from crossing the country from Gloucester to Urbana, and are his horses in suitable condition to make the march? All of the enemy's cavalry in my front are at Culpeper, and he has no infantry below Port Royal. From Urbana, Colonel Kilpatrick's command could be ferried over the Rappahannock, under cover of the gunboats, should it be necessary. Please reply without delay.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, VA.,

May 27, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

I send below a dispatch from Major-General Keyes, in reply to yours. I have received a dispatch from General Gordon, advising me of a force

