
the earliest possible moment, but the responsibility of its present state, it is proper the major-general commanding should know, does not belong to me.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,May 28, 1863.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS:

The troops of this corps are encamped from Potomac Creek (near High Bridge) to the head of Clairburn Run, near Telegraph road (see map of occupation). To mass them on the left, near the Telegraph road, or on the right, near High Bridge, would require about an hour, provided cautionary orders had been previously given. The Telegraph road would be the most suitable point, where they could be concentrated in the shortest time. It would take several hors to communicate the orders to the pickets and draw them in. The Telegraph road, where the encampments of the First Division now are, would also be the most suitable point for concentrating the pickets.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

MAY 28, 1863-10.45 a. m.

Commanding Officer, Fifth Corps:

The commanding general directs that one division of your corps march with as little delay as practicable to relieve the cavalry pickets now holding Banks' Richards', and Kelly's Fords. You will distribute the division, and thrown up such defenses as will repel any attempt of the enemy to effect a crossing at either of the above-named fords. The general suggests that the reserve be posted at Morrisville. Should you require more artillery than you now have, it will be furnished from the Artillery Reserve, upon your application. You are authorized to superintend the execution of the foregoing instructions, or devolve the duty upon the division commander, as you may think best.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 28, 1863.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Fifth Army Corps:

The commanding general designed that the United States Ford should be included in the letter of instructions to you this morning. The omission to mention it was inadvertent.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

