
your command, they should be instructed to fall back in the direction of Bealeton Station, from thence to rejoin you or not, according the circumstances. You will be careful to see your command takes with it a full supply of ammunition, and you will issue rations so as to have always two days' cooked on hand, being thus prepared for immediate movement.

You will be particularly careful to require your command to keep all wagons well in the rear, and caution them to consider themselves on advanced picket duty, requiring the utmost vigilance and activity.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Captain Martin, acting chief of artillery, is directed to report to you with his batteries. Major-General Sykes has been ordered to at once relieve your brigade now on picket, which I suggest you assign as the reserve, and the Thirty-second Massachusetts has also been ordered to be relieved.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 28, 1863.

Brigadier General D. McM. GREGG,

Commanding Second and Third Cavalry Divisions, Bealeton:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you destroy the bridge over the river at Rappahannock Station, as soon after the receipt of this as practicable. The general supposes that you have torpedoes for the purpose with you; if not, please advise by telegraph at once, when they will be sent you.

The general further directs me to say that Major-General Hooker desires as little force used for picketing as will be consistent with the service required, and that the command be retained in camp and recruited as much as possible.

Infantry will soon be sent to picket the fords of the Rappahannock.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. COHEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 28, 1863.

General S. WILLIAMS, A. A. G., Army of the Potomac:

The following dispatch from General Gregg, at Bealeton:

A scouting party, just in from Sulphur Springs, reports Stuart camped 4 miles from Culpeper, on the road to the Springs; Fitzhugh Lee, W. H. F. Lee, Hampton, and Field at Jefferson. Rebel scouts numerous about Warrenton and the Springs. The force is represented as being very large.

I think it advisable to send Buford's command that is available, some 900 men, and battery, to re-enforce Gregg, should Major-General Hooker consent, particularly as Buford reports rather poor grazing at Dumfries, while on the upper route it is good, and supplies easily obtained.

The cavalry at Washington should be moved farther down, on the Orange road.

The rebel always mean something when their scouts become numerous.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Corps.

