
The troops at Morrisville and Kelly's Ford, about 2,000 men and 300 horses, will be supplied for the present via Bealeton Station.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 28, 1863.

Brigadier-General BUFORD,

Dumfries:

Your dispatch received. You will not return to Dumfries. Notify Captain Ferguson, at Alexandria, to furnish supplies for the men you leave behind, and also for the force you have at Bealeton to be supplied by the Orange and Alexandria Railroad.

On arriving at Bealeton, should you find yourself with sufficient force, you will drive the enemy out of his camp near Culpeper and across the Rapidan, destroying the bridge at that point.

The advance of the enemy's cavalry in the vicinity of Warrenton may have for its object to conceal a movement in force up the Valley. Spare no effort to ascertain the true object of the movement. Keep these headquarters advised of all your operations, as well as those of the enemy, be telegraph. Acknowledge this by telegraph.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Corps.

DUMFRIES,

May 28, 1863.

General PLEASONTON,

Brooke's Station:

Your dispatch (instructions) has been received. I'll do my best.

JNO. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 28, 1863-9 p. m.

Colonel KILPATRICK,

Commanding Brigade, Gloucester Point:

The major-general commanding directs that you proceed with your command to Urbana, on the Rappahannock, cross at that point, and report to these headquarters. Ferry-boats for crossing, gunboats, and a small force of infantry to cover your embarkation, will be at urbana in waiting for you, Monday morning, June 1, at 8 o'clock, and wait your arrival. You are expected to be there by that time. Your march will be through one of the richest portions of Virginia, and it is expected you will bring in a large number of horses and constrabands, and make your march tell. There is at his time no force of the enemy, save guerrillas and rangers, south of Port Royal. In the seizure of property on your march, you will be governed by the laws and usages of war and the existing orders in this army and the armies of the United States in such matters. The dismounted men not yet remounted you will direct to report to Major-General Dix until further orders.

Ample time being given, you are expected to bring your command

