
here in as good condition for service as circumstances will permit. Should any unforeseen occurrence prevent your arrival at the time a pacified, the boats will await your arrival there. Please acknowledge the receipt of this dispatch.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

May 28, 1863.

Lieutenant-Commander MAGAW,

Commanding Potomac Flotilla:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that Colonel Kilkpatrick, commanding cavalry brigade now at Gloucester, has been ordered to have his force at Urabana, to cross the Rappahannock, on Monday morning next, June 1. The following extract from his instructions is furnished for your information:

Ferry-boats for crossing, gunboats, and a small force of infantry to cover your embarkation, will be at Urbana in waiting for you, Monday morning, June 1, at 8 o'clock, and wait your arrival. * * *

Should any unforeseen occurrence prevent your arrival at Urbana at the time specified, the boats will await your arrival there.

Colonel Kilkpatrick's command consists of about 800 dragoons. The general desires that you will have your gunboats in position to cover the crossing, and co-operate freely with Colonel Kilpatrick in effecting it. Three ferry boats, with a small force of infantry ordered from Aquia, will be sent down (to accompany your flotilla) for the purpose of assisting in the crossing of Colonel Kilpatrick's command. The general desires that, after the troops have crossed, you will convoy these boats back to Aquia.

The general desires that your gunboats shall be in position at the time specified, and that every appliance and assistance in your power necessary for the purpose may be prepared and made available. Captain Carter, of the United States cavalry, reports to the general that there is a good wharf at Urbana, and a good beach, with 3 feet of water, gravel bottom, at a suitable point opposite, for landing the force on this side. Lieutenant-Colonel Dickinson, of the staff, will accompany the expedition.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

[CIRCULAR. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Camp near Falmouth, Va., May 28, 1863.

Corps commanders, and the commanders of the Engineer Brigade and of the Artillery Reserve, will report as early as practicable the time that will be required to mass their respective commands as they are at present encamped, and in reports will designate the point of concentration selected.

In the report of the Cavalry Corps, the men on picket need not be included.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

