
pontoons, ordered November 27, is now completed and stored ready for shipment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Colonel of Engineers.

(Copy furnished for the information of Major-General Hooker February 6, 1863.)

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Falmouth, Va., February 6, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: In compliance with orders received from the General-in-Chief, directions have been given for the embarkation of the Ninth Corps for Fort Monroe and the Pennsylvania Reserves for Alexandria.

I inclose extract from the report of the Reserves, and trust the commanding general will bear in mind that these men are enlisted for three years or the war, and that in replacing them the same number of men of like terms of enlistment may be ordered here. I should be pleased to have the regiment commanded by Colonel George D. Wells, I think the Thirty-fourth Massachusetts, sent me, he having served in my old division for a long time.

The limited facilities afforded for the embarkation of troops and the severe storm may cause some delay in executing these orders, but they will be hurried off with all possible dispatch.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

FEBRUARY 6, 1863.

Major General GEORGE M. MEADE,

Commanding Center Grand Division:

In view of the present storm, the general intrusts to you the recall of the force ordered for the reconnaissance, if there is probability of their being unable successfully to accomplish it. Discretionary orders may be forwarded to the officer in command.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CENTER GRAND DIVISION,Camp near Falmouth, Va., February 6, 1863.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Dispatch received, and sent to General Carr and Colonel McIntosh for their information and action. Colonel McIntosh, at midnight, prior to starting, informed me he was provided only with axes and other tools for destroying the bridge. I informed him that the bridge ought to be burned, and as General Averell, I presumed, had

