
per day. They will harass your force at all points unless you pour re-enforcements to Milroy without delay. General Milroy is a fighting man, and the rebs both hate an fear him, and I do not believe that they can drive him out of Winchester. They may cut off his supplies and starve him out.

General Heintzelman ought to assist General Milroy by advancing to Gainesville or Hay Market. Then they could feel their way, and if there should be a rebel force under Stuart at Salem, Rectortown, or Upperville, they could fall on the rebels, in connection with General Milroy, and either rout or capture Stuart's army. You may rely on what I say, for there will be stirring times between this and the first of July.

I am posted in the movements of the rebels, having lived in Rockingham and Shenandoah Counties for the last three years. I am a contractor by profession, and worked on Manassas Gap Railroad. I am encouraging all Virginians, both soldiers and civilians, to take the oath and go North till the war is over. I impress on the minds of all who come under my notice that the cause of the rebels is hopeless, and tell them of the prosperity which prevails at the North. I endeavor to increase the dissatisfaction between the rich and poor, and do all I can the persuade the poor to leave the South until the return of peace.

All your officers and agents ought to do the same thing. I was the first man who told General Banks and Captain Holbert, now colonel on Banks' staff, last August, that Jackson's force would pass from Orange Court-House, along the foot of Blue Ridge, and come out between New Baltimore and Warrenton, and get between General Pope and Washington.

I also told Captain Cloud the same thing two days before jackson surprised your force at Manassas. I also apprised the commanders of all the posts between Rappahannock Station and Centreville of Jacksons' coming, but they paid no heed to what I was saying.

There is a great deal of sickness in Winchester among the citizens. There are 300 or 400 sick with typhoid fever. The doctors, however say that it is abating. Some of the people are very poor, and lack the necessaries of life. General Milroy should be instructed to levy a tax on the rich for the benefit of the poor. For instance, let there be 1,000 persons in Winchester; make an impressment on the property of 200 of the rich, an divide it with 800 of the poor, so if you are making enemies of 200, you make firm friends of 800. It is the wealthy aristocrats of the South who caused the war, and they alone ought to suffer.

Yours, respectfully,

MICHAEL GRAHAM.

[Inclosure.]

[Below is a] statement which might be useful to Generals Stahel or Heintzelman, or General Stoneman's cavalry, where to hunt up guerrilla bands and the lurking places of some of the rebel cavalry. The places mentioned are generally resorted to by the rebel cavalry.

Yours, respectfully,

MICHAEL GRAHAM.

From Berry's Ferry to Paris, from Paris to Upperville, from Upperville to Middleburg, from Middleburg to Rectortown, to White Plains, from White Plains to Thoroughfare Gap, from Thoroughfare Gap to New Baltimore, from New Baltimore to Orleans, from Orleans to Cobler's Mountain, from Cobler's Mountain to Piedmont, from Piedmont to

