
Springfield, from Springfield to Markham, from Markham to Linden from Linde to Front Royal, from Front Royal to McCoy's Ford, from said ford to Bell's Mills, from Bell's Mills to Beckton, from Buckton scour between the two rivers back to Front Royal. Below Front Royal, at Island Mill, cross the river; from Island Mill proceed through the pines to Middletown, from Middletown take middle of dirt road back to Winchester. You ought to have 1,000 cavalry in this scout; you will find plenty of game in this route. Take three days' rations, and held yourself to the balance on the road.

The best way would be to take this backward, beginning at Winchester, and proceed on the back or middle road to Strasburg, cross the river at 1 1\2 miles below Strasburg, on the east side of the burned railroad bridge; proceed from there down along by Buckton.

By commencing at Front Royal, you will drive the game all in on Heintzelman. His force should have knowledge of your movement, so that he could send a cavalry force to Hay Market or Middleburg or Rectortown.

BALTIMORE,

May 28, 1863-8 a. m.

Gov. A. W. BRADFORD,

Annapolis, Md:

Governor Curtin and I go to-morrow morning to Washington by 8 o'clock train. Will you join us? Our object is to perfect defense of border.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

MAY 28, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK,

War Department, Washington:

General Russell will inform you of Governor Curtin's arrival in Washington. The Governor wishes you to arrange for the interview with President and Secretary this evening or to-morrow morning, as he has to return immediately. All well

DONN PIATT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 28, 1863. (Received 10.30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

It has been impossible for me to give any information concerning the movements of the enemy at all satisfactory. I have had several men over the river, but as they do not return, I conclude that they have been captured.

The enemy's camps are as numerous and as well filled as ever. It was reported to me this morning by General Gregg that the enemy's cavalry had made their appearance in the vicinity of Warrenton; on the strength of which I have ordered on to that line Buford's division, to drive them across the river, and to keep them there, and, if necessary, I will send up additional forces. Major-General Stahel should be in-

