
structed to look into the Shenandoah Valley and see what is going on over there. In the event a forward movement should be contemplated by the enemy, and he should have been re-enforced by the army from Charleston, I am in doubt as to the direction he will take, but probably the one of last year, however desperate it may appear. It may appear desperate if his force should be no greater than we have reason to suppose. The enemy has always shown an unwillingness to attack fortified positions; still, you may rest assured that important movements are being made, and, in my opinion, it is necessary for every one to be watchful. The enemy has all of his cavalry force (five brigades) collected at Culpeper and Jefferson. This would indicate a movement in the direction of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, and this it is my duty to look after.

If Stoneman had not almost destroyed one-half of my serviceable cavalry force, I would pitch into him in his camps, and would now, if General Stahel's cavalry were with me for a few days.

Please send this to the President.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON CITY,

May 29, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER:

Your telegram of last evening, addressed to me, was submitted to the President and also to Generals Halleck and Heintzelman. General Halleck reports as follows:

There is no other cavalry force about Washington than that of General Stahel, which is now engaged on scouting duty toward Bull Run Mountains, and in picketing Bull Run and Occoquan Rivers. If it be removed, there will be no force in front to give notice of enemy's raids on Alexandria or Washington.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, May 29, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Army of the Potomac, Falmouth, Va.:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War spoke to me this morning of your want of horses. I am using every exertion to procure them, and, after a check due to a sudden increase of prices, and the large demand for General Rosecrans, who has called for a very large number, they are beginning to come in rapidly. Three hundred and forty-four arrived yesterday. I had fortunately ordered contracts and purchases, in expectation of your movements, and the result of those orders is now being felt. I call your attention to a request from General Dix to send immediately 300 horses for General Kilpatrick's command. He was reported to have captured enough to supply himself, and a late expedition is reported in which we captured several hundred horses and mules.

I advise you to forbid the return of horses from your army to the North, except in the case of very valuable horses bought by officers at home, not from the quartermasters. Sales of horses to officers are intended to enable them to perform their duties; they get them at a fixed price; they are picked horses, and when no longer needed for use in

