
Question 2. "The details of the outfit and equipment; the burden carried by each soldier, and its weight, "&amp;c.

Answer. The total weight carried by each soldier was 45 pounds. It consisted of his knapsack, haversack, subsistence, and change of underclothing, overcoat or blanket, arms and accouterments, and one piece of shelter-tent. Eight days' short rations were carried on the person, stowed as follows: Five days' in the knapsack, and three days' in the haversack; 40 rounds of ammunition were carried in the cartridge-boxes, and 20 rounds in the pockets of the man's clothing. The total weight carried by the men, as reported by the different corps quartermasters, varies somewhat. The amount stated by me, however, is the correct figure.

Question 3. "Same as to officers."

Answer. Each officer was responsible for his own outfit. It was to be carried by himself or servant. In some instances a few pack animals were used.

Question 4. "What tents were taken with the troops, and how transported?"

Answer. Shelter-tents were taken by the troops, each soldier carrying a piece.

Question 5. "What wagons, if any, accompanied the marching columns?"

Answer. No wagons followed the main column over the river at first. Some ammunition wagons were brought up, but not necessarily.

Question 6. "What pack trains?"

Answer. Pack-mules were used to transport reserve ammunition, and to pack up other supplies from the wagon parks.

Question 7. "The details of loading of each wagon and pack-mule."

Answer. A 6-mule wagon will carry 1,400 short rations of provisions bread, coffee, sugar, salt, and soap, and eight days' rations of short forage for the 6 mules, or 25 boxes small-arms ammunition. A good pack-mule could carry 2 boxes small-arms ammunition, and six days' oats for himself, or an equivalent in weight of subsistence for men.

Question 8. "The organization of the teams."

Answer. The teams and pack trains were distributed to the corps and other commanders on the basis established in my circular of March 10, 1863, herewith, marked L. It was ordered that mules for packing should be drawn from the ammunition and supply trains when necessary, but never more than 2 from any one team, thus leaving 4 mules for the wagon. By this arrangement, all the wagons could move forward when required, with moderate loads, while pack trains were being used.

Question 9. "The actual supply of ammunition and of rations accompanying the marching column."

Answer. The troops carried eight days' supply of provisions and 60 rounds of ammunition on their persons.

Question 10. "The supplies moved from Falmouth and following in rear of the army."

Answer. On the wagons and pack-mules there must have been at least six or eight days' more, all loaded and ready for the road. There was a plentiful supply of ammunition.

Question 11. "What did the troops carry through the campaign? Did they throw away overcoats, &c.?"

Answer. The troops carried through the campaign only those things most necessary for their constant use. On the second and third days many abandoned overcoats and blankets, as the weather was warm.

35 R R-VOL XXV, PT II

