
condition, expect the pack-mules, most of which are in good order as to flesh, but have been galled badly in packing.

I wish to call your attention to General Pleasonton's report, in order that you may perfectly understand why I call for so many cavalry horses. The report explains the case briefly. You will recollect that just before our late cavalry raid there was a review of the whole corps by His Excellency the President of the United States. It was admitted on all sides that the corps was then in fine condition. There were present for duty at that time certainly at least 10,000 horses. To-day not more than 5,000 serviceable ones can be mustered in the corps.

There has been no complaint of extraordinary marches or want of forage. What, then, has temporarily destroyed these horses? If we inflicted a proportionate loss on the enemy, he has suffered terribly.

There was too much weight carried on the cavalry horses after leaving the Rappahannock; they were not unsaddled, perhaps, and groomed at intervals, to say nothing of irregular watering and feeding, &amp;c.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier General, and Chief Quartermaster Army of the Potomac.

[Inclosure A.]

OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER FIRST ARMY CORPS,

May 24, 1863.

Colonel R. INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: In reply to your circular of May 22, requiring information on certain points pertaining to the recent movements, I have the honor to state that the number of baggage wagons which accompanied the First Corps was 405; the number of pack-mules was 330. The wagons were loaded with ammunition, artillery, and small-arms, officers' baggage, camp and garrison equipage, subsistence and forage, and hospital stores.

Two mules to each regiment were loaded with officers' tents and subsistence; the remainder of the mules were loaded with small-arms ammunition.

Average weight carried per wagon, in pounds, was 2,705; average weight carried per mule, in pounds, was 200; average number of days; subsistence carried in wagons, 5; average number of days' forage carried in wagons, 6; number of rounds small ammunition in wagons, 1,208,000; number of rounds small ammunition on mules, 520,000; number of days' marching rations carried per man when march commenced, 8; number of rounds of ammunition carried per man when march commenced, 60; average weight in pounds carried by each man, exclusive of musket, 40.

The amount of clothing carried per man was generally one change of underclothing, one blanket, one overcoat, in some cases one extra pair of shoes, one pieces of shelter-tent. In one division (the Third) no overcoats are reported as carried by the men.

In the Third Brigade of the First Division, composed mostly of New Jersey troops (nine-months' men), about half of their knapsacks, &c., were thrown away, as well as a large number of overcoats, about 100 haversacks, and 50 canteens. In Second Division, about 80 knapsacks and contents were thrown away. In First Division, about 80 knapsacks and contents were thrown away. In First Brigade, Third Division, 7 knapsacks and some clothing (amount not ascertained) were thrown away. In the Second Brigade of Third Division, in which it may be

