
remarked the men are reported as having been more heavily loaded than in the First Brigade, about 300 knapsacks and nearly two-thirds of their clothing were thrown away.

The pack-mules used for transportation of officers' baggage, &amp;c., have proved advantageous.

The mules used for packing ammunition have suffered very much, from the fact that the men in whose charge they were have no the requisite amount of experience in such matters, and also from the fact that the mules were unavoidably kept saddled and packed for a long time continuously, in momentary expectation of moving.

The result of the experience we have had with the ammunition pack train induces me to report against its use of to carry ammunition from the train to the front when necessary, in addition to which there might with advantage be a few broken pack-mules with each ammunition train apart from the teams. Six mules can with ease haul at least 25 boxes of small-arms ammunition, besides the forage for the team; they can pack but 12 boxes. On marches similar to those recently made, it is my opinion that the knapsacks had best be stored under guard in some locality easily accessible during the days of active operation, and returned to the troops when circumstances would justify it. So far as my experience goes, troops, both regular and volunteer, will throw away their knapsacks before any other article of equipment, even on comparatively short marches.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. DANA,

Lieutenant Colonel, Chief Quartermaster First Army Corps.

P. S.-It may be proper to add that the strength of the First Army Corps, at the commencement of the movement, was, in round numbers 17,000, officers and men.

[Inclosure B.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 23, 1863.

Colonel R. INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: In accordance with your instructions of yesterday, I have the honor to submit the following report:

The First and Third Divisions of the Second Army Corps moved from this place to Banks' Ford on Tuesday, April 28, with three days' rations in haversacks, five days' hard bread, coffee, and sugar in knapsack; 60 rounds ammunition on the person, 80 rounds small-arm, and 150 rounds to the gun of battery ammunition, were carried in a train of 70 wagons. In addition to which there were 45 supply teams-one for each division and brigade headquarters, and one for each regiment-loaded with forage and hospital stores; making 115 6-mule teams and 100 2-horses ambulances. Six days' forage for the whole command being taken, the remainder of the trains were parked near the railroad, and were loaded with five days of field rations, two days of forage for the whole command, and eight for the teams remaining in park, camp and garrison equipage, and baggage; making a total supply of thirteen days of subsistence stores and eight of forage.

Wednesday, two days of rations and forage were sent forward and

