
issued, the wagons returning to the park after being reloaded at the depot, and the command moved toward United States Ford.

Thursday, the troops crossed the river to Chancellorsville, followed by the ammunition train and 6 ambulances, the balance being left on this side of the river.

Friday, the ammunition train was ordered back from Chancellorsville to the vicinity of the ford.

Saturday, two days' rations were sent over on pack-mules, and two days' forage was sent by wagons, and issued, making complete the eight days' rations and six days' forage with which the command started.

On Monday, all the trains left in park at Falmouth were ordered to United Stated Ford, and on Tuesday the whole of the transportation was returned to its present camp, where the troops arrived the following morning.

Since the return, 2,195 knapsacks, 2,084 haversacks, 2,373 blankets, and 2,085 shelter-tents have been drawn, to supply the place of those lost and abandoned on the battle-field, being an average loss of about 25 per cent. for those who returned. The clothing taken in the knapsack consisted of the overcoat, blanket, shelter-tent, shirt, one pair drawers and socks. The average weight carried by each man in addition to his equipments was nearly as follows:

Hard bread, 8 pounds; pork, 2 1\4 pounds; coffee, one-half pound; sugar and salt, 1 1\2 pounds; shirt, drawers, and socks, 2 pounds; making a total of 25 3\4 pounds.

For a protracted movement it is of great advantage to have the troops carry the knapsacks, but it cannot be done without necessarily causing much fatigue, and it would be impossible for the men to endure it in the present hot weather.

We had but 35 pack-saddles to each division, which were carried in the ammunition train, and they were found to be of so such service in moving ammunition and supplies from the river to the front that I have since made requisitions for and drawn 50 additional to each division. The teams were all 6-mule, and were intended to be loaded with an average weight of from 2,200 to 2,300 pounds each.

On arriving at United States Ford, Wednesday night, the officer in charge of the pontoon train reported that, owing to the poor condition of his teams, he was unable to get his train forward in season. I ordered the teams attached to the ammunition trains to be sent back to the pontoons, and moved them to the point selected.

The Second Division was left to guard the line of the river, and its transportation was not moved from the vicinity of its old camp.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. N. BATCHELDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief Quartermaster.

[Inclosure C.]

OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER THIRD ARMY CORPS,

May 24, 1863.

Colonel R. INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: In reply to your circular of the 22nd instant, I have the honor to report as follows:

That when the recent operations began, the trains of this corps were consolidated near these headquarters, and were, on Wednesday, 29th,

