
collected combustibles and other means for destroying the bridges for his recently planned raid, I directed him on his return to camp to make inquiry and endeavor to obtain them. It is in reference to his failure to procure these special articles that his dispatch refers. He went provided with all the means at hand that could be collected in the time given for preparation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General MEADE,

Stoneman's Switch, Va.:

The following dispatch has just been received from General Sigel:

STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

February 6, 1863-11 a.m.

Last night our picket-line was attacked near Morrisville and Wigginton's Mills by the enemy's cavalry. Some dead and wounded on both sides. Particulars will be sent by orderly. At present all is quiet.

The following dispatch has been sent to General Sigel:

Your dispatch received at 5.30. Colonel McIntosh with two regiments of cavalry, was in camp at Grove Church last night. Are you sure that your pickets did not come in contact with his? Send a messenger to him, between Grove Church and Rappahannock Station, giving him full and correct information of all that occurred, the numbers of the enemy, and where they were and probably are.

These dispatches are forwarded for your information. General Sigel was directed to send the messenger to save time.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 8. Camp near Falmouth, Va., February 6, 1863.

All orders for exemption from further levies of forage for the use of this army, issued previous to this date, are hereby revoked and will be taken up.

A copy of this order will be furnished to all parties having such orders.

Safeguards for persons and all property not needed to maintain troops will be religiously regarded.

Levies will not be made of any other articles than forage and fresh beef, and in no case except in accordance with the provisions of General Orders, No. 154, Army of the Potomac, August 9, 1862. Plundering and pillage will under no circumstances be permitted. Officers will be held responsible for the prevention thereof in their respective commands.

The allowance of forage and subsistence exempt from levies, which must not be seized, will be six months' supply from this date for the owners and their families, including their employes, at the rate of 1 1/2 bushels per month for each person.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

