
subsequently ammunition from the wagons in camp, when wagon trains could not possibly have gone through. The Third Division train consisted of 56 serviceable mules. Of these, 36 were packed with ammunition, 6 with oats, 2 without packs, and 12 ridden. One mule died on the march, 1 stolen in the night on the field at Chancellorsville, 1 strayed and lost, and 1 abandoned.

The ordnance officer should be made responsible for the correct management and use of the trains to the quartermaster's department, and should be compelled to instruct and drill drivers in the performance of their duties.

As to knapsacks, I think the present form clumsy, uncomfortable, expensive, and entirely too large. A man on the march should not be allowed to start with anything not absolutely necessary to his comfort and efficiency. A smaller knapsack, resting high upon the shoulders, curved so as to clear the middle of the back, and leave the spine cool, with flat, padded spring-curved hooks to hang it from the shoulders, could be made, which would be easier and better every way, as well as lighter and cheaper, than the present knapsack.

From conversation with the infantry officers, I learn that they are of opinion that 60 rounds of cartridges are too many to carry on the person, except on express occasions. The 20 extra are 2 pounds' extra weight.

Neither pack trains nor wagons should be permitted to remain strung out on the road. When stopped from any cause, the mules and wagons should be drawn up tin park in convenient fields, shortening the length of the line as much as possible, and every advantage should be taken to part near water, and the teamsters made to improve every moment in watering and feeding their animals, taking care never to delay the advance of the train thereby. Teamsters should be made to take some hay in their hands or oats in a bucket, and go around and give their animals a bite on a long or severe march, whenever they are stopped a sufficient time. In this way they keep thee animals in good heart. If a bad place or a broken bridge be in the way, by closing up the line of teams the train is brought farther on the journey, and the teamsters are brought together to assist in removing obstructions or repairing roads. Trains should not leave camp until they have a clear road, if possible. To wait on the hot and dusty road with the harness on, is nearly as fatiguing as to march with the loading. Teams that are fairly loaded and have a clear road will make upon occasion long marches without injury. For instance, on the 29th of April, at 9 p. m., near Berea Church, I received an order dated Kelly's Ford, 4 p. m., "to have 6,000 rations of forage at Kelly's Ford by to-morrow morning without fail." I started a forage train at 10 p. m.; took charge of it myself, and before the troops were moving the next morning, had the forage at Kelly's Ford, having mode 22 miles (part of the way over very bad road and in the night) in six hours. the train was unloaded and returned to camp before 10 o'clock the same day, making 44 miles in twenty-four hours, and the next day the mules were ready for service.

SUMMARY STATEMENT OF MY OWN MOVEMENTS.

The troops marched at 5 a. m., with the wagons allowed accompanying. The ammunition and the entire transportation of the corps, other than above mentioned, was ordered to march at 11 a. m., and to encamp at the forks the road, about 1 mile east of Berea Church. They were encamped at the place indicated in the order of General

