
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 11TH CORPS, ARMY OF POTOMAC,

No. 1. Stafford Court-House, Va., February 6, 1863.

In compliance with General Orders, No. 6, from headquarters Army of the Potomac, which discontinues the division of the army into grand divisions, and adopts the corps organization in its stead, I hereby resume the command of the Eleventh Corps.

Major-General Slocum, commanding the Twelfth Corps, will report directly to headquarters Army of the Potomac. Brigadier-General Stahel, commanding the Eleventh Corps, will resume command of the First Division of the Eleventh Corps.

I sincerely thank Major-General Slocum for his assistance and constant co-operation while serving under my command.

[F. SIGEL,]

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 7, 1863.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Twelfth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you detail a brigade of at least 1,200 effective men, with the full complement of officers, for temporary duty at Aquia Creek, in the construction of works to cover the depot of supplies, work to be commenced early Monday a.m. They will go into camp near here, from Aquia Creek to Stanford Court-House. The officer in command will report to Lieutenant Comstock, chief engineer officer of the general staff, and carry out the instructions received from him. The commanding officer will draw subsistence from Aquia Breek during their stay there. as soon as work is completed they will join their command.

A copy of Lieutenant Comstock's instructions will be sent by your orderly to-morrow a.m. Acknowledge receipt of this dispatch.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,Near Fredericksburg, Va., February 7, 1863.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I respectfully request some instructions from the commanding general relative to our bridge equipage. During the last month we have had four trains, of twenty-two pontoon each, fitted up, and, as far as possible, permanently supplied with teams. Besides these, we have had one train mounted on wagons, and all complete except teams, with the understanding that teams were to be furnished in some manner by the quartermaster when the time arrived for using this train. We have material for until another bridge.

The roads have been so bad now for several weeks, and are likely to continue so bad, that I think it necessary to supply every pontoon wagon with eight horses or mules and two drivers. The question arises, is it necessary to keep four trains thus mounted and ready for instant service, or will a less number answer, say three? In this case, to throw five bridges, the quartermaster must furnish teams for two when the

