
of sore backs. This, however, is in part owing to the inferior quality of the pack saddles used (the McClellan pattern), and the unsuitable kind of saddle blankets, which are little better than cotton rags.

I have given above all the information asked for in your telegram. I am preparing a more detailed report of the operations of the quartermaster's department during the late cavalry operations of General Stoneman's command, and will send you a copy as soon as completed, which will be in a day or two. The scattered condition of this command since oui return has prevented my obtaining all the data necessary to a full report before.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. G. SAWTELLE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Chief Quartermaster Cavalry Corps.

[Inclosure L.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp near Falmouth, Va., March 10, 1863.

The following is published for the information and guidance of all officers doing duty in the quartermaster's department in this army:

It is hereby ordered:

I. That hereafter the maximum allowance of means of land transportation and of camp equipage shall not exceed as follows: For headquarters Army of the Potomac, including the chiefs of all the various staff departments, with their aides-de-camp, employes, servants, retainers, and camp-followers, such wagons for baggage and supply trains, ambulances, spring wagons, extra saddle horses, with equipments completed for contingent wants and camp equipage, as may be, from time to time, actually required.

II. For headquarters of a corps d'armee: Four wagons for baggage; 2 2-horse ambulances; 2 2-horse spring wagons for contingent wants; 5 extra saddle-horses for contingent wants; 1 hospital or other large tent for officer of commanding general; 1 wall tent for personal use of commanding general; 1 wall for every 2 officers of his staff.

III. For headquarters of a division: Three wagons for baggage; 2 2-horse ambulances; 1 2-horse spring wagon for contingent wants; 2 extra saddle-horses for contingent wants; 1 wall tent for office of commanding general; 1 wall tent for personal use of commanding general; 1 wall tent for every 2 officers of his staff.

IV. For headquarters of a brigade: Three wagons baggage; 2 2-horse ambulances; 1 wall tent for office of commanding general; 1 wall tent for personal use of commanding general; 1 wall tent for every 2 officers of his staff.

V. For each regiment of infantry, with 700 men and upward present, 6 wagons; for each regiment of infantry, with 500 men, and not exceeding 700 men present, 5 wagons; for each regiment of infantry, with less than 500 men present, 4 wagons; 3 2-horse ambulances; 3 wall tents for the field and staff officers; 1 shelter or common tent for every other commissioned officer; 1 shelter-tent for every 2 non-commissioned officers, soldiers, servants, and camp-followers.

VI. For a full battery of artillery: Three wagons; 1 2-horse ambulance; 3 wall tents for officers.

VII. For each regiment of cavalry: Two wagons and 66 pack-mules; 3 2-horse ambulances; 3 wall tents, for field and staff officers.

VIII. The supply trains of each infantry corps d'armee, composed of three divisions, will not exceed 120 wagons, and the supply train for the Cavalry Corps will not exceed at the rate of 5 wagons for each regiment

