
That the new fort in progress at Corbett's house, between Forts Richardson and Barnard, be called Fort Berry, after the late Major General H. G. Berry, who was killed at the battle of Chancellorsville, Va., May 2, 1863.

That the new fort in progress on Traitor's Hill, near Forth Worth, be called Fort Williams, after the late Brigadier General T. Williams, who was killed at the battle of Baton rouge, La., August 5, 1862.

That the battery for field guns near Rock Creek (east side) be called Battery Sill, after the late Brigadier General J. W. Sill, who was killed at the battle of Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 31, 1862.

That the battery for field guns contiguous to and in advance of Fort Kearny be called Battery Terrill, after the late Brigadier General W. R. Terrill, who was killed at the battle of Perryville, Ky., October 8, 1862.

Should these names meet your approval, and order from the proper authority is requested confirming them.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient,

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier-General, Chief Engineer of Defenses.

UNION MILLS, VA., May 30, 1863.

Brigadier General GEORGE J. STANNARD,

Metropolitan Hotel, Washington, D. C.:

The first train down this morning was thrown from the track at 10 o'clock, near Catlett's, by a loosened rail. The train was the n fired on by artillery masked in the bushes, the engine boiler burst by a ball, and the train of ten cars burned. The guard and all hands escaped into the woods. Rebel force represented at about 100.

Our cavalry went at once in pursuit, with what result we have not learned.

G. G. BENEDICT,

Aide-de-camp.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, May 30, 1863.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A raid was made on Catlett's Station, but, as I stated in my former dispatch, my forces pursued the rebels and whipped them badly, and took from them the same pieces of artillery with which they destroyed the train.

The result shows that we are on the alert, and that proper arrangements were made.

Respectfully,

JUL. STAHEL,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., May 30, 1863-10.40 a. m.

Major-General SCHENCK,

Baltimore, Md.:

Every indication goes to show a tremendous concentration of the rebel forces on General Hooker. Would it not be a splendid diversion

