
emergency arises. I should like to make this reduction if it meets the views of the commanding general. It is so exceedingly difficult to obtain good teamsters for the pontoon service and to retain them, that I would like to reduce the permanent establishment as much as practicable.

Very respectfully,

D. P. WOODBURY,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 9. Camp near Falmouth, Va., February 7, 1863.

Flour or soft bread will be issued at the depots to commissaries for at least four issues to the troops. Fresh potatoes or onions, if practicable, for two issues per week. Desiccated mixed vegetables or potatoes for one issue per week.

Commanders of army corps, divisions, brigades and separate commands will require any commissary under their orders who fails to issue the above-named stores to the command to which he is attached, and as often as stated, to produce the written statement of the officer in charge of the depot from which he regularly draws his supplies to the effect that they were not on hand at the depot for issue to him, or otherwise to satisfactorily account for his failure.

by command of Major-General Hooker:

JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 10. Camp near Falmouth, Va., February 7, 1863.

I Corps commanders may grant leaves of absence to officers and furloughs to enlisted men, observing strictly the provisions of General Orders, No. 3, from these headquarters, January 30, 1863, except that leaves to staff officers, other than aides, will be granted only upon the recommendation of the chiefs of their respective departments, in division and corps, approved by the chiefs of their departments at these headquarters, and not more than one staff officer of each department will be permitted to be absent from a division at the same time.

II. The following instructions from the General-in-Chief are published for the information of all concerned:

All leaves to officers to visit Washington without the consent of the War Department are deemed null and void, and hereafter all general officers who visit Washington on leaves not properly granted will be dismissed. The mere passage through the city, when this is the shortest or only line of travel, is not considered visiting.

III. No officer or soldier leave this army under orders, unless such orders are given through the proper military channel.

IV. Corps commanders, under Paragraph 1647, Army Regulations, may accept resignations of regimental officers of the volunteer service when accompanied by surgeons' certificates of disability, approved by medical directors of divisions and corps, and in cases where it plainly appears that the officer is unfit for his station and can be replaced by one better qualified to discharge his duties. Resignations of medical officers will only be accepted upon the approval of the medical director of this army.

V. Corps commanders will be held responsible for the proper position

