
in his favor for all our forces in Western Virginia to move at once on Staunton, and all my forces to move up the Valley upon the same point?

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., May 30, 1863-3 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel DONN PIATT,

Chief of Staff, Baltimore:

Colonel McReynolds has just reported to me that the 100 cavalry returned this morning at 2 o'clock. They went to Fairfax, returning by way of Vienna, Leesburg, Waterford, Hillsborough, and Rockford. No reliable information of any movement of the enemy in that direction.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., May 30, 1863.

Major-General MILROY:

SIR: From all the information I can received since yesterday morning, the rebels are collecting a large force of guerrillas, bushwhackers, and cavalry in the counties of Culpeper, Rappahannock, and Fauquier. I have had an interview with Colonel [L. T.] Moore, of Winchester, who was a colonel of a rebel infantry regiment, but who was wounded at the first battle of Bull Run, and is now out of the service. He has great confidence in me, and thinks I am a rebel at heart, as I pretended to be once in his presence.

He says that Lee's army has been re-enforced by all of Longstreet's command, and also by forces from other commands from North Carolina and South Carolina. He also says that the greater part of Jones' command has gone over to Culpeper to assist Lee, and that the balance will follow. He also says that Lee has a train of wagons 7 miles long, all loaded with pontoon bridges, and he likewise states that it is Lee's intention to cross the Rappahannock River above and below at Rappahannock Station with his whole force, and throw his army between Hooker and Washington, and advance toward Manassas or Fairfax, choose his own ground,draw Hooker after him; i. e., he will draw Hooker out of his present position, and give him fight in Fauquier, Stafford, or Prince William Counties. Quite likely it is his design to draw them on to the old Bull Run battle-ground again. If he should defeat Hooker in a pitched battle, he will supply himself with everything he needs in the way of horses, supplies, &amp;c., and he will bee so encouraged that he will pitch again for Leesburg, cross the Potomac, and once more try his fortunes in Maryland.

Colonel Moore was a lawyer by profession before the war. He is a man of vast experience, and is a rebel of the strongest dye.

Lee will risk all in this fight. They will collect all their guerrilla bands and all their forces in Virginia, and prepare for a grand struggle, and that struggle is to defeat Hooker and his army.

In crossing the Rappahannock and throwing themselves into Fauquier, Stafford, or Price William Counties, the will threaten Washington, Alexandria, and Maryland by that move.

That move will draw Hooker out from Falmouth or Stafford. Lee will wheel around and give him fight. If Lee should be defeated in

