
that battle, it is all up with him and Jeff. Davis, but in my opinion he will gather and center all the force in Virginia, North and South Carolina in this fight, and if he should defeat Hooker, the fate of Maryland is sealed. Should Lee be shipped, he would get the remnant of his army out again. There will be stirring times on hand. Let the Government leaders be apprised of the rebel movement, so that hey will not bee taken unexpectedly. This information Moore has received from one who is on Lee's staff, whose name is Colton [?], I believe.

General Milroy, apprise General Halleck and the Secretary of War of this, so that they can apprise Governors of the nearest States of the danger which is at hand. The rebels have sent all their winter baggage away to Richmond, so that they may not be incumbered with unnecessary baggage. The rebels in this move will leave Richmond defenseless. Their whole wagon train they will leave in the neighborhood of the Rapidan, in Orange Country.

Yours, respectfully,

MICHAEL GRAHAM.

[Indorsements.]

WINCHESTER, VA., May 20, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information and suggestions contained. Graham is one of my shrewdest and most reliable secret-service men; was with General Banks most of the time last year, and is known, I believe, to the Secretary of War and General Halleck.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., May 31, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to the General-in-Chief.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

Received, headquarters, May 30, 1863.

JUNE 1, 1863.

Send copy to General Hooker.

H. W. H. [HALLECK.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 31, 1863.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: Thee following dispatch has just been received, and a copy furnished for the information of the major-general commanding.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Corps.

[Inclosure.]

WARRENTON JUNCTION, May 31, 1863.

Colonel A. J. ALEXANDER,

Cavalry Corps:

Your dispatch about furnishing roster is just received. On assuming command yesterday, I saw a note from Colonel Mann stating that a

