
railroad bridge had been burned about 5 miles from here. I moved the whole command up the railroad to near this place. No brigade was burned, but a train of cars with supplies was destroyed by some 100 of Mosby's cavalry. The party was pursued and routed by some of General Stahel's troops, who captured and killed some 16 men and took a piece of artillery. I am removing the wreck of the train from the track, and suppose that a construction train will be sent to repair the road. The wires were cut yesterday at 7.30 a. m., and no communication was had until 8 a. m. to-day. The train was destroyed 4 or 5 miles beyond my department, and in General Stahel's. The guard on the train ran to the woods, and returned to see the train burn. No prisoners were taken by enemy, and no one was hurt. There is great scarcity of water in the vicinity of Bealeton. The command could not stay there. There is good grass and a sufficiency of water near here. Colonel Gregg's brigade, Second Division, is still picketing the river below Kelly's. General Barnes directed him to stay at Deep Run. I have directed him to draw in his pickets and move to this place. I trust that he damage to the railroad will be repaired to-day, so that I can be supplied to-morrow. The Second and Third Divisions have two days' supplies on hand; mine are out to-night. I can hear of no rebel force. None has crossed the river below Waterloo Bridge. The horses and pack-mules of the Second and Third Division are in wretched condition.

JNO. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, May 31, 1863.

Birg. General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have to report for the the information of the commanding general that on the 29th and 30th instant I visited, in conjunction with Captain Comstock, Engineers, all the fords on the Rappahannock from Banks' to Kelly's, and personally inspected them,giving directions as to their defense.

The division commanded by General Barnes is posted ass follows:

Colonel Vincent's brigade guarding from Banks' Ford to the mouth of Deep Run; one regiment and battery at Banks' Ford; two regiment and battery at United States Ford, and one regiment at Richards' Ford. This command is so near the camps of French's division, Second Corps, that it was not deemed necessary to post any portion of the reserve near it.

Colonel Sweitzer's brigade has charge of the river from Skinker's Ford to Kelly's Ford, posted as follows:

Two companies at Skinker's Ford; a regiment and eight companies, with a battery, at Ellis' Ford; a regiment at Kemper's Ford; two regiments at Kelly's Ford.

Along the whole river, at all dams and reported crossing places, small detachments to watch are made from the nearest commands, except at Pie Island, Jarell's Dam, and Embury's Ford, which were so far from any post that I requested Colonel Gregg, commanding the cavalry picketing these places, to leave small squads of cavalry to keep a lookout at these places.

From all the information I could obtain from the cavalry and resi-

