
Tucker Couty. Kelley does not believe this, but has ordered the Twelfth Virginia to stop to-day at Gafton.

I give this for your better consideration, as the enemy appears in force at Strasburg.

DONN PIATT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

WARRENTON, VA., July 28, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER:

I regret very much that I could not stay to see you, but my absence from camp was limited to a few hours. I selected all the reports of the battles of Chancellorsville that had been sent in, and gave them to Lieutenant Taylor, with instructions to deliver them to you to-day. General Warren will furnish his report and map as soon as possible. General Griffin, commanding division, Fifth Corps, never made any report of the operations of his division. I will ask him about it at once. He only recently rejoined the army, after an absence of several weeks. I directed Lieutenant Taylor to say to you that he can report to you for temporary duty whenever you may require his services. Please let me know if you need any other papers, and I will have them promptly supplied.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.
HEADQUARTERS, January 26, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,Secretary of War:

SIR: I have directed the chief commissary of the Army of Northern Virginia, Colonel Cole, to repair to Richmond, with a view of ascertaining what supply of provisions can be relied on for the support of the troops. As far as I can learn, we have now about one week's supply, four days' fresh beef, and four days' salt meat, of the reduced ration. After that is exhausted, I know not whence further supplies can be drawn. The question of provisioning the army is becoming one of greater difficulty every day. The country north of us is pretty well drained of everything the people are willing to part with, except some grain and hay in Loudoun, nor can impressment be resorted to with advantage, inasmuch as any provisions retained for domestic use are concealed. A resort to impressment would, in my opinion, in this region, produce aggravation and suffering among the people without much benefit to the army. But I think if the citizens in the whole county were appealed to, they would be willing to restrict themselves and furnish what the have to the army. I beg you will give this matter immediate attention, and do what is possible in the case.

As far as I can learn from our scouts, the enemy has closed his troops up to the line of the Rappahannock, and has moved two corps, Sumner's and Franklin's, 8 miles above Falmouth, with a view to crossing the Rappahannock.

