
expecting those employed as guards on the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad.

II. Brigadier General Henry H. Lockwood, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of this brigade.

By command of Major-General Schenck:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. RIGHT GRAND DIVISION,

Numbers 1. Near Falmouth, Va. January 26, 1863.

In pursuance with General Orders, Numbers 20, from the Adjutant-General's Office, War Department, Washington, January 25, 1863. I announce to the Right Grand Division that I have been relieved from duty in the Army of the Potomac, by order of the President of the United States.

I have only to recall to you the memory of the past, in which you have fought so many battles with credit and honor always-in which you have captured so many colors, without losing a single gun or standard-and to urge that, keeping this recollection in your hearts, you prove always worthy of it. It is only in so doing that you can retain for yourselves a reputation well won, and which I feel will be preserved under the gallant and able commander, Major-General Couch, to whom I confide you.

E. V. SUMNER,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 2. Camp near Falmouth, Va., January 29, 1863.

The following-named officers are announced on the general staff of this army:

Major General Daniel Butterfield, chief of staff.

Brigadier General Seth Williams, assistant adjutant-general.

Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Dickinson, assistant adjutant-general.

Brigadier General James A. Hardie, judge-advocate-general.

Brigadier General Henry J. Hunt, chief of artillery.

Brigadier General M. R. Patrick, provost-marshal-general.

Colonel Rufus Ingalls, chief quartermaster.

Lieutenant Colonel F. Myers, deputy chief quartermaster.

Colonel H. F. Clarke, chief commissary.

Surg. Jonathan Letterman, medical director.

Captain Samuel T. Cushing, chief signal officer.

Lieutenant D. W. Flagler, chief ordnance officer.

Major William H. Lawrence, aide-de-camp.

Captain William L. Candler, aide-de-camp.

Captain Alexander Moore, aide-de-camp.

Captain Harry Russell, aide-de-camp.

Staff officers absent from the command will report for duty without delay.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

