
use them with good effect in defending the works. But I have no force at present to construct the works. If you will furnish the labor, I will send an engineer to locate and superintend the construction of the works.

The transfer of Marshall's command and the counties of Washington, Russell, Buchanan, Wise, Scott, and Lee to the Department of East Tennessee, embarrasses me somewhat as regards the salt-works. The most practicable approaches to the works are, I think, through Wise and Buchanan, and they are not in my department, and the salt-works themselves are directly on the boundary line between the two departments. I shall rely upon the State Line to defend the works, as you promised me it should.

With great respect and esteem, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

DUBLIN DEPOT, January 30, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN S. WILLIAMS,

Commanding Second Brigade:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you will move forward the Twenty-second Virginia Regiment in front of Lewisburg, to or near Burgess Mill, and the Forty-fifth Virginia Regiment to the most suitable point near the mounth of Indiana Creek, to prevent the advance of the enemy by way of Pack's Ferry. A guard must be kept at Pack's Ferry, and rifle-pits dug in position to cover the ferry. The commanders of the two regiments above mentioned should be instructed to cause rifle-pits to be dough on the most approved approaches to their respective camps.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM, B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 30. January 30, 1863.

* * * * * *

II. Brigadier General M. Jenkins, Provisional Army Confederate States, will proceed to South Carolina to procure conscripts and volunteers for his brigade. He will report to Lieutenant-General Longstreet, to receive instructions in accordance with circular of 12th instant, from these headquarters. To be absent twenty-five days.

* * * * * *

By command of General R. E. Lee:

[W. H. TAYLOR,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, January 31, 1863.

Brigadier General J. B. KERSHAW,Commanding South Carolina Brigade:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 28th instant, inclosing one from Captain [George B.] Cuthbert, of the Second South Carolina Regiment, with regard to the formation of a battalion of honor, has been received.

