
DUBLIN DEPOT, February 3, 1863.

Colonel GEORGE S. PATTON,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to say that the order for the movement of the Twenty-second Virginia Regiment may, at your discretion, be modified as you suggest, placing it at Lewisburg instead of Burgess Mills, with the infantry pickets and cavalry posted as you suggest.

If Colonel [T. B.] Swann's cavalry, Virginia State Line, goes to Lewisburg, as ordered by General Floyd, it will replace [W. R.] Preston's and [B. F.] Eakle's companies. One of those companies will go to Colonel McCausland and one or two move to or near Red Sulphur Springs, to act in conjunction with the Forty-fifth [Virginia] Regiment. The order for the movement of the Forty-fifth Regiment does not say that it shall go to the mouth of Indian Creek, but to the most suitable point near them, for preventing a move of the enemy by Pack's Ferry.

The Red Sulphur will answer the purpose, and is preferable at this season of the year, because the troops can occupy the cabins or huts there.

Subsistence and quartermaster's stores for the Forty-fifth Regiment will be sent by boats to mouth of Indian Creek. Only such teams as are absolutely necessary will be kept with the regiment, to haul the stores to camp.

The other teams will be located convenient to the hay on which they are now feeding.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DUBLIN DEPOT, February 3, 1863.

SAMUEL PRICE, Esq.,

Lewisburg, Greenbrier County:

DEAR SIR: On the 16th ultimo I addressed a letter to the officer commanding United States forces in and near the Kanawha Valley, stating the barbarities committed by his cavalry near Lewisburg on the night of the 9th ultimo.

Brigadier-General Scammon, commanding at Fayette Court-House, replied that the outrages were committed without orders, and that the matter should be properly inquired into. Will you be good enough to procure from Mr. Handly and Mr. Feamster, and from any other persons cognizant of the outrages, depositions in due from of the acts as they occurred, and forward them to me?

If General Scammon is disposed to investigate the matter, he should have the proof.

I have ordered all the troops I can possibly spare to Lewisburg, and hope and believe they will give adequate protection to the citizens of your county whilst the enemy's force in the Kanawha Valley is no larger than it now is.

Very respectfully and truly, &amp;c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

