
It will be noticed that two batteries are proposed to be transferred from the Second Corps to the First, in order to equalize them as nearly as may be. One of these, Thompson's, the Louisiana Guard Artillery, heretofore attached to General Early's division, is in the schedule put into the Battalion P, to operate with General Pickett's division. The other, Latham's, a North Carolina battery, heretofore attached to General A. P. Hill's division, is placed in the Battalion H, to operate with General Hood's division.

In the Second Corps, Dement's battery, now attached to General Early's division, is proposed to be placed in the Battalion T, to operate with General Trimble's division, because Lieutenant-Colonel [R. S.] Andrews, proposed to command that battalion, expressly requests it, that being his original battery. In this corps, also, five batteries are proposed to constitute the battalion to operate with General A. P. Hill's division, because that is a large division, and because it has hitherto been attended by a strong artillery force.

Four batteries, remaining in the Second Corps, after thus constituting battalions to attend the several divisions, are combined in a new reserve battalion, corresponding in that corps with the Washington Artillery, First Corps.

It will be seen that this plan involves the least possible disturbance to existing relations, while it equalizes force and provides a more effective organization. Existing reserve battalions are proposed to remain as they are.

Batteries, it is recommended, should be rendered homogeneous in armament as soon as practicable by interchange of guns with other batteries. All the battalions of each corps to be supervised by and report to the chief of artillery for the corps, as representing the lieutenant-general commanding, and the whole in both corps to be superintended by and report to the general chief of artillery, as representing for this arm the general commanding.

For convenience, a certain alphabetical designation is suggested for the battalions, the initials of the division commanders at the present time being adopted, rather than the usual letters in order, because the latter might seem like a numerical designation to assign some precedence of one battalion over another.

Attention is asked to a few words respecting the officers proposed.

First Corps.-Battalion A: Major [J. J.] Garnett is well known to General Longstreet, and highly appreciated by him as an efficient officer. His merit and services no doubt entitle him to the command and grade of lieutenant-colonel proposed for him.

Major Charles Richardson, with Colonel Anderson, may well be retained as the second field officer of that battalion. These officers are both from Virginia.

Battalion M: Colonel Cabell, of Virginia, and Major Hamilton, of Georgia, who have long directed the artillery attached to General McLaws' division, should probably have command of this battalion.

Battalion P: Major Dearing, well known to and approved by Generals Longstreet and Pickett, and recently promoted to command the artillery attached to General Pickett's division, can well command this battalion. He is from Virginia.

Captain Read, of Georgia, now commanding a battery in General McLaws' division, has been heretofore recommended several times, I believe, for promotion as a gallant, intelligent, and meritorious officer, and may be usefully and justly made major, to co-operate with Major Dearing in this battalion.

