
Battalion H: Major Kemper, so justly appreciated for his gallantry and for long and efficient service, may well be given command of this battalion, with the rank of lieutenant-colonel. He is from Virginia.

Major Thomas Jefferson Page, jr., heretofore associated for a season with Major Kemper, and at another time with General Hood, might serve well as the second field officer in this battalion.

Washington Artillery Battalion: Colonel Walton, of course, remains as long as he wishes in command of this. He is known to be from Louisiana.

Captain Squires is understood to have been especially recommended for promotion by Colonel Walton. He would, no doubt, make a good field officer for this battalion. He is also from Louisiana.

Alexander's Battalion: Lieutenant-Colonel Alexander, of Georgia, is really entitled to the full rank of colonel at the head of this battalion. We have no more accomplished officer. His commission should date from his original assignment to the command.

Major J. R. C. Lewis, for some time attached to the battalion as its second field officer, should probably retain that position. He is from Virginia.

It is respectfully suggested that the officer to act as chief of artillery to the corps might be most efficient in that capacity if relieved from the burden of a special command.

Second Corps.-Battalion R: Major [T. H.] Carter, some time since promoted to command the artillery of General D. H. Hill's division, was even then recommended for the rank of lieutenant-colonel, as fully earned by his distinguished services and eminent merit, and may well be made lieutenant-colonel and given command of this battalion. He if from Virginia.

Captain [C. M.] Braxton, now commanding a battery in General A. P. Hill's division, has been recommended for promotion, and undoubtedly has well earned it by gallant service. He would be approved and efficient as the second field officer of this battalion. He is from Virginia.

Battalion L: Lieutenant-Colonel [R. L.] Walker, of Virginia, so justly distinguished for long and gallant service, has been recommended for the full rank of colonel. He might justly receive it and have command of this battalion.

Captain [W. J.] Pegram, now commanding a battery in General A. P. Hill's division, has been recommended for promotion. He also has fully earned it by efficient service, and would, no doubt, be highly approved by Lieutenant-Colonel Walker and by General Hill as the second field officer in this battalion. He is from Virginia.

Battalion T: Major [R. S.] Andrews, so severely wounded at Cedar Mountain, but now nearly recovered and on duty in Richmond, desires and richly deserves the rank of lieutenant-colonel and the command of this battalion. We have no more brilliant and thoroughly meritorious artillery officer. His recommendations are ample, nor can a doubt remain as to the propriety of his having this promotion and command. He is from Maryland.

Captain [J. W.] Latimer, now commanding a battery in General Early's division, is highly recommended by Colonel Crutchfield, and earnestly desired by Major Andrews to be promoted and associated with him as the second field officer in this battalion. He is from Virginia.

Battalion E: Major [H. P.] Jones, now in command of the artillery of General Trimble's division, under special request from General [W. B.] Taliaferro, when in command of that division, has been recommended for promotion, and might worthily be made lieutenant-colonel and have

