
command of this battalion. In addition to much gallant service, he is a very judicious and faithful officer. He is from Virginia.

Captain [J. Gibbes] Barnwell, of South Carolina, is well entitled to promotion, and would make an excellent field officer in this battalion. He has mainly served as ordnance officer with the General Reserve Artillery, but in repeated instances has taken command in action and admirably performed his part. He is a capital artillerist, and in general merit has perhaps no superior.

Battalion N, reserve: Captain Hardaway, now commanding a battery in the division lately under General D. H. Hill, at present General Rodes', is a fine officer, entitled to promotion, and some time since recommended for it; indeed, his initials were, to the end he might be commissioned as major, asked of the undersigned by the War Department. His merit and his services entitle him to the rank, and it is believed he would well command this battalion. He is from Alabama.

Captain Brockenbrough, of Virginia, now suffering from a painful wound received at Fredericksburg, has been recommended for promotion. He has well served since the beginning of the war, and would do well as the second field officer in this battalion.

Brown's battalion: Colonel [J. T.] Brown, of Virginia, for months past in command of this battalion, should, of course, retain it.

Captain Poague, of Virginia, now commanding a battery in this battalion, is a superior officer, whose services have been scarcely surpassed. He has been recommended for promotion, and should justly receive it. He might well be made major in this battalion.

General Reserve.-Cutts' battalion: Lieutenant-Colonel Cutts, an efficient officer, should retain command.

Captain Lane, commanding a battery in this battalion, a trained officer, gallant and efficient, has been recommended for, and deserves, promotion. During a long furlough of Lieutenant-Colonel Cutts, he has commanded the battalion, and would make for it a good major. The companies are large, the batteries have each six guns, and a second field officer would secure its greater efficiency. Captain Lane is from Oregon, though accredited to Georgia.

Nelson's battalion: Major William Nelson, long in command of this battalion, is as gallant and efficient an officer as we have in his grade. He has served from the beginning of the war as captain and major, has exhibited courage of the highest order, and a fidelity undeviating, and well deserves the rank of lieutenant-colonel. He is from Virginia.

Major A. L. Rogers, also of Virginia, might usefully serve as the second field officer in this battalion. Its batteries are all of six guns.

These recommendations for promotion are believed to be in strict accordance with the merits of officers and the wishes of Generals Longstreet and Jackson, and of other commanders best qualified to judge.

The proportion between the number of field officers of artillery, thus proposed, belonging to Virginia and those from other States is very nearly coincident with that between the number of batteries from Virginia and those from other States. Of the whole number of batteries, thirty-five are from Virginia and twenty-four from other States. This would give of the 28 field officers proposed, about 17 from Virginia and 11 from other States. Of those actually recommended, 18 are from Virginia and 10 from other States.

Should this organization be mainly approved and ordered, ordnance officers, surgeons, and supply officers can be applied for by the several battalion commanders.

Toward accomplishing an efficient adjustment of the whole in time

