
I fear may not now be on that duty, as an order has been received here (Special Orders, Numbers 20, Paragraph XX, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office) directing to report to General Beauregard, and he may have reported accordingly without my knowledge.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, February 14, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

SIR: After dispatching my letter to you this morning, I received information from one of my scouts on the enemy's left that a small steamer with troops had on Sunday passed down the Potomac; that since that time seven large steamers and five or six transports, towed by the steamers, and laden with troops, had also descended the Potomac. On the 11th and 12th instant no movements had been observed.

This evening I received information from scouts on the enemy's right up to the 12th instant. Two report that the Ninth Army Corps of General Hooker's army had embarked at Belle Plain, and sailed for Suffolk; that a large fleet of transports was at Aquia Creek, and there was other evidence of a general move. Their cavalry had been withdrawn from Spotted Tavern and Hartwood Church toward the railroad, leaving pickets in their stead. Sigel's corps is still at Stafford Court-House. Three brigades had reached Washington. The infantry at Union Mills Ford (Bull Run) were leaving for Washington, and the cavalry for Stafford Court-House. Prisoners captured by General Hampton report that General Hazen, with three regiments of infantry, seven pieces of artillery, and a squadron of cavalry, was to leave Union Mills Ford yesterday for Washington.

I have directed General Pickett's division to march to-morrow for Richmond, and General Hood's division to be held in readiness. One of the scouts reported that it was the Second Army Corps which had embarked for Suffolk. Although it is stated that their destination is Suffolk, should no other troops follow I think it probable that this corps is intended to re-enforce their army in South Carolina; but, should its real destination be Suffolk, General Pickett's division will be ample to resist it.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.

HEADQUARTERS, February 15, 1863.

General J. E. B. STUART, Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: That you may be advised of what is transpiring within the enemy's lines, I send you last report of scouts.

A large body of troops have been reported to have landed at Newport News on the 11th. I think there is but little doubt that a corps of the enemy has gone down the river. It is said in the Northern papers that it is General W. F. Smith's. It may be for some special purpose, or it may be the beginning of a general move and change of base. If you find, on your arrival at Culpeper, that such is the case, and that the opportunity of striking a damaging at the enemy is greater on the

