
good position on the Chickahominy, unless otherwise ordered, where he can get enough wood and water for his men. He must send forward an intelligent officer to select a suitable encampment where he can procure the shelter of woods and be supplied with provisions and forage.

You had better put General Hood's division in motion to-morrow, with directions to halt near Hanover Junction, unless otherwise ordered. Direct him, also, to send forward an intelligent officer to select an encampment where he can be sheltered by woods and procure easily his provisions and forage.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

Numbers 20. February 15, 1863.

I. The following organization of the artillery of this army is made, in accordance with requirements of Paragraph II, General Orders, Numbers 7 (current series), Adjutant and Inspector General's Office. The batteries forming the battalion of each corps, with the officers assigned to their command, are designated in the following table. All the battalions of each corps will be under the command off, and will report to, the chief of artillery for the corps. The whole in both corps will be superintended by, and report to, the general chief of artillery.

II. A medical and ordnance officer, and an assistant quartermaster, the latter to perform also the duties of commissary, will be assigned as soon as practicable to each battalion.

By order of General R. E. Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

Organizations of the Artillery of the Army of Northern Virginia, February 15, 1863.*

FIRST CORPS.

Cabell's Battalion.

Colonel H. C. CABELL.

Major S. P. HAMILTON.

Carlton's (Georgia) battery (Troup Artillery).

McCarthy's (Virginia) battery (First Richmond Howitzers).

Manly's (North Carolina) battery (Company A, First North Carolina Artillery).

Read's (Georgia) battery (Pulaski Artillery).

Garnett's Battalion.

Major J. J. GARNETT.

Major CHARLES RICHARDSON.

Grandy's (Virginia) battery (Norfolk Light Artillery Blues).

Huger's (Virginia) battery.

Lewis' (Virginia) battery (Lewis' artillery).

Maurin's (Louisiana) battery (Donaldsonville Artillery).

Alexander's (Reserve) Battalion.

Colonel E. PORTER ALEXANDER.

Major J. R. C. LEWIS.

Eubank's (Virginia) battery.

Jordan's (Virginia) battery (Bedford Artillery).

Moody's (Louisiana) battery (Madison Light Artillery).

Parker's (Virginia) battery.

Rhett's (South Carolina) battery (Brooks Artillery).

Woolfolk's (Virginia) battery (Ashland Artillery).

Walton's (Reserve Battalion.+

Colonel J. B. WALTON.

Eshleman's battery (4th Company).

Miller's battery (3rd Company).

Richardson's battery (2nd Company).

Squires' Battery (1st Company).

---------------

*As announced in General Orders, Numbers 20, of that date. Batteries assigned to the cavalry are not accounted for in that order.

+Washington (Louisiana) Artillery.

---------------

40 R R-VOL XXV, PT II

