HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY NORTHERN VIRGINIA, February 19, 1863.

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: Your letter of this date, respecting field officers for the artillery battalions of my corps, has been received. The accompanying letter of Colonel Crutchfield, which was written at my request, assigns the reasons for the departure from General Pendleton's recommendations.

I am of the opinion, that when there are officers who have served with me, and whilst part of my command have rendered such service as to prove them worthy of promotion, that the interest of the service is promoted by promoting such officers to serve with me. Such a course is calculated to stimulate officers, as it will let them see that they will not be forgotten when an opportunity officers for advancing them. These remarks apply to Captain [R. P.] Chew, who now commands the Ashby Battery, which is with Brigadier General W. E. Jones. Captain Chew has seen comparatively much artillery service in the Valley, and is a remarkably fine artillery officer, and I recommend that he he promoted and assigned to the same battalion as Major Jones, unless, before you make your recommendations, it shall be ascertained that Captain J. B. Brockenbrough will soon be ready for duty, of which I will advise you so soon as the information shall be received from Colonel Crutchfield, who is to get the required information. You will observe that I do not recommend the promotion of Captain [J. Gibbes] Barnwell, and the reason of this is, that I do not think it right to pass over officers who belong to my command, or have belonged to it, and are known to be worthy of promotion, and select one who has never served with me, and with whose qualifications I am unacquainted. You will see from Colonel Crutchfield's letter the reasons for not recommending the promotion of Major Jones at present.

I am, general, your obedient servant,T. J. JACKSON,

Lieutenant-General.

[Inclosure.]

HDQRS. ARTILLERY SECOND CORPS, February 19, 1863.

Lieutenant General THOMAS J. JACKSON, Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following statement of the reasons for the proposed change in the field officers of artillery for this corps:

1. Major H. P. Jones is recommended for promotion to grade of lieutenant-colonel. I do not think he should be promoted, on the principle that I do not think any officer should be promoted except to fill a vacancy or for meritorious services. To do so cheapens promotion too much in the eyes of officers and men. Major Jones began as lieutenant in the Hanover Artillery. At the re-organization of the company he was not elected to any office. He was afterward made major, and assigned to command an artillery battalion in Major General D. H. Hill's division. I think this was after the battles around Richmond, for Major Jones was not with General Hill's artillery in any of the battles in which that division co-operated with us. He never had any connection with our artillery till after the Maryland campaign, when this corps was formed. He was in the battle of Sharpsburg, I suppose; indeed, I am sure he was; but at that time his division did not belong to your command. He was in the battle of Fredericksburg for a short time in the evening, with three guns, and did very well, but had not the oppor-

