
tunity to do much. Major Carter was then General Hill's division chief of artillery. Major Jones is a moderately good officer; no very strong points, nor yet any objectionable ones. He may be unfortunate in not having had better opportunities to bring himself into notice, but the exhibition of certain qualities is the only ground on which he can expect others to consider him deserving promotion, and every man must be responsible for his own fortune, be it good or bad.

2. Captain Barnwell is recommended for a majority. I do not know him, and never saw him. I accepted him on General Pendleton's recommendation, but as you prefer an officer from this corps, I recommend Captain J. B. Brockenbrough, who was wounded at the battle of Fredericksburg, while acting chief of artillery of General Trimble's division; that is, provided he will be fit for early service in the field, which I think probable. I shall endeavor to ascertain this fact speedily, and if it should prove, on inquiry, that Captain Brockenbrough is not likely to be able to endure active service at an early day, I would then recommend Captain R. P. Chew, commanding a battery with Brigadier General W. E. Jones, in the Valley. This battery entered the service under Captain Chew, attached to General Turner Ashby's cavalry, and was constantly on service with him. It formed a part of your command while you had charge of the Valley District, and Captain Chew is so well known to you that I consider it needless to say more than that I regard him as a most excellent officer, and the command of his battery will devolve upon Lieutenant [James W.] Thomson, who, I am sure, will make a most superior captain.

3. I recommend that Major Braxton be associated with Lieutenant-Colonel Carter, Major Hardaway with Colonel Brown, and Majors Poague and McIntosh together. I do this because it is the only way in which the command of a battalion can be secured to Major McIntosh, whom I consider an officer of rare qualifications for such a position. Captain Hardaway being the senior captain, if he and McIntosh be associated together, Hardaway will have the command, which he is not at all fitted for. He is an excellent artillerist, a good shot, and very fond of the scientific parts of the service, but not good at managing men, hard on his own horses, and not at all apt to require the captains of batteries under him to take good care of their horses. He is rather indifferent to what he regards as the drudgery of the service, and while the qualifications he does possess will render him a very valuable field officer of artillery, it will not be in the sphere of the constant commandant of a battalion. If Captain Braxton and Captain McIntosh be associated together, Captain Braxton, being senior captain, will have the command, and while he is a superior officer, and very well qualified to have the command of a battalion constantly, yet I do not think he is by any means so well qualified for it as Captain McIntosh, whom I regard as possessed of singular aptitude for such a position.

The other promotions I consider, all of them, excellent selections.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. CRUTCHFIELD,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery, Second Corps.

Inspection Report of Artillery of Second Army Corps.

BATTERIES OF GENERAL TRIMBLE'S DIVISION.

Captain Raine's battery.-Three 3-inch rifles in good order; ammunition well kept; harness good; horses, 48, in tolerable order; 2 wagons

