SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT WESTERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 50. Dublin, February 21, 1863.

* * * * * *

II. Brigadier General John Echols, having reported for duty, will relieve Colonel G. C. Wharton in command of all the forces at the Narrows of New River.

III. The major-general commanding desires to express to Colonel Wharton his high appreciation of the promptness, fidelity, and zeal with which he has uniformity discharged the duties incumbent on him while in command.

By command of Major General S. Jones:

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS, February 23, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,Commanding:

GENERAL: I am just informed by Colonel Crutchfield that General Jackson has asked for Colonel Alexander to be made brigadier-general, to command the brigade some time since commanded by General Lawton. Of course the promotion of so excellent an officer cannot be objected to, but it renders vacant a post not easy to fill in the artillery service. In reflecting over the list of best officers, my mind rests mainly on [John] Pelham to command that battalion, he receiving the rank of lieutenant-colonel. Can he be spared from the Horse Artillery? Major [L. F.] Terrell is there, and is well thought of, I believe, by General Stuart. If he can be spared, is there any other difficulty? If not, will not this be the best arrangement?

Major Lewis also has asked for other duty more congenial with his former service, and as his tastes are not in the direction of field artillery, it is likely he may be more efficient in other relations. Should he be relieved, as he requests, a second field officer would be needed in Alexander's battalion, and an officer who has been strongly recommended to me might well suit that position. This officer is Captain [Frank] Huger, now commanding a battery in one of the battalions of the First Corps. He is, I believe, the only West Point captain not yet promoted; has served long, and, I am told, very gallantly, and his battery now evinces peculiar care and efficiency on the part of its commander. General Anderson, and other officers with whom he has served, and General Longstreet, can probably confirm, or otherwise, the testimonials in his behalf as a superior officer. One recommendation to me is that he is not a Virginian.

It was my misfortune not to see General Jones the day I left you. The cars left me. Major Page or Major Rogers might be sent to ascertain if he needs either.

My stay of eight or ten hours at Hamilton Station brought to my notice great exposure of sick soldiers arriving there. You will order arrangements to correct this, I am sure.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

