
think it more than probable that the expedition would be productive of important political and military results, besides securing for us a large supply of provisions.

In the meantime it might be well to send Marshall into Kentucky, north of the Kentucky River, say down the Licking. If he has 2,500 men, as I am told, it would be as many as desirable to send in one line. I could send General Jenkins down the Sandy, who, if what I hear of the enemy's force is true, could clear out the small forces in the Sandy Valley.

Please inform me if you intend to send Marshall into Kentucky. I shall be glad to co-operate to the fullest extent of my ability in any expedition that may be determined on.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, February 27, 1863.

Lieutenant General THOMAS J. JACKSON,Commanding Corps, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have received your letters of the 25th, and am very glad that Major White has carried out your instructions so thoroughly and has secured all the desired witnesses.

As regards the artillery of your corps, I regret there should be any dissatisfaction. I was in hopes the new organization would, besides adding to the efficiency and good of the service, have met with general concurrence. I did not inquire as to the armament of the battalions, but merely saw that they contained the proper number of companies, in my opinion, and that the latter were about equalized between the corps. I perhaps do not place the same value that Colonel Crutchfield does upon the particular number of guns, or whether one has more than the other. I wish each to have enough, and all to be well served. I have no objection to your retaining Thompson's battery, if you desire it, and will write to General Pendleton to that effect. One of Longstreet's battalions can be arranged with three batteries, and must fight the harder. I do not, however, understand Colonel Crutchfield's calculation, though I had not time to investigate it. There appears to be an error in the commencement. He gives to the First Corps 117 guns. It had that number some time since, but French's and Branch's batteries, containing six guns each, were sent to General G. W. Smith for service in North Carolina. It should, therefore, have now, exclusive of Thompson's and Latham's, 105 guns. According to the reports in this office, including Latham's and Thompson's batteries, it will have 112 guns. The artillery of your corps, exclusive of Brockenbrough's, Thompson's, and Latham's batteries, according to same report, should have 116 guns. This is on the supposition that all the batteries have the number of guns they had before the 6-pounders were sent to Richmond to be recast, and which it is hoped they will have. Colonel Crutchfield sent so many of his off at one time that some time may elapse before he receives their equivalent. According to the reports in this office, there are six of his batteries with over four guns. There is the same number in the First Corps.

In reply to your letter of the 19th, I regret I do not concur altogether with the principle there laid down regulating claims to promotion. I think the interest of the service, as well as justice to individuals, re-

