
pedition calculated to have such an important bearing on military operations in Middle Tennessee. But even a smaller expedition than I have estimated, if conducted into Kentucky by a popular leader, if it accomplished nothing else, would probably secure for us very valuable subsistence stores. I have extended this letter to such great length that I will defer to another time reference to your other suggestion.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

Numbers 29. February 28, 1863.

The general commanding announces to the army the series of successes of the cavalry of Northern Virginia during the winter months, in spite of the obstacles of almost impassable roads, limited forage, swollen streams, and inclement weather.*

* * * * * *

V. On February 16, Captains McNeill and Stump, of General Imboden's cavalry, with 23 men, attacked near Romney a supply train of 27 wagons, guarded by about 150 cavalry and infantry, routed the guard, captured 72 prisoners, 106 horses, with equipments, &amp;c., and, though hotly pursued, returned to his camp with his captives, without the loss of a man. This is the third feat of the same character in which Captain McNeill has displayed skill and daring.

VI. General W. H. F. Lee, with a section of his artillery, under Lieutenant [C. E.] Ford, on 25th February, attacked at Tappahannock two of the enemy's gunboats, drove them down the Rappahannock, damaging them, without loss on his part.

VII. General Fitz. Lee, with a detachment of 400 of his brigade, on February 25, crossed the swollen waters of the Rappahannock, reconnoitered the enemy's lines to within a few miles of Falmouth, broke through his outposts, fell upon his camps, killed and wounded many, took 150 prisoners, including 5 commissioned and 10 non-commissioned officers, and recrossed the river with the loss of 14 killed, wounded, and missing.

VIII. On 26th February, Brigadier General W. E. Jones, with a small force, attacked two regiments of cavalry belonging to Milroy's command, in the Shenandoah Valley, routed them, and took 200 prisoners, with horses, arms, &c., with the loss on his part of 2 killed and 2 wounded.

IX. Major [E. V.] White, of General Jones' command, in December crossed the Potomac, attacked several parties of the enemy's' cavalry near Poolesville, Md., and, besides the killed and wounded, took 77 prisoners, with horses, arms, and some wagons, with slight loss to himself. Captain Randolph, of the Black Horse Cavalry, has made many bold reconnaissances in Fauquier, taking more than 200 prisoners and several hundred stand of arms. Lieutenant [John S.] Mosby, with his detachment, has done much to harass the enemy, attacking him boldly on several occasions and capturing many prisoners. A detachment of 17 men, of Hampton's brigade, under the brave Sergeant Michael, attacked and routed a body of 45 Federals, near Wolf Run Shoals, killing and wounding several, and bringing off 15 prisoners, with the loss on our part of Sergeant Sparks, of the Second South Carolina Regiment, who, a few days before, with 2 of his comrades, attacked in Brentsville 6 of the enemy sent to take him, killed 3, and captured the rest.

---------------

*Portion of order here omitted is printed in Series I, Vol. XXI, p. 1114.

---------------

