HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,March 6, 1863.

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: I forward herewith a letter from Colonel Crutchfiedl, respecting artillery field officers. His opinion respecting the promotion of Jones is what I supposed it would be.

If it should become necessary to appoint more than one lieutenant-colonel, I would respectfully recommend that Captain D. G. McIntosh be promoted to a lieutenant-colonelcy.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY, SECOND CORPS,March 5, 1863.

Lieutenant General THOMAS J. JACKSON:

GENERAL: I inclose a complete list of proposed artillery organization, with complete list of the officers. (See paper marked A.) There is no major to be promoted in preference to Major Jones. You will see from the list he is the only one. I believe Captain McIntosh would make a far better lieutenant-colonel than Major Jones, but I suppose the rule of seniority will prevent that.

I inclose the note you sent from General Lee,* that you may see he does not state by how many we exceed the legal allowance of majors. It may be that we are still in excess, and if any captain in consequence is to be promoted to lieutenant-colonel, I would recommend Captain D. G. McIntosh, though I do not think it desirable to confer such rapid promotion, and hope it can be avoided. I suppose General Lee intends acting at once in the matter, for it is greatly needed.

None of the newly appointed quartermasters have yet been bonded, and consequently they are as yet valueless. Most of them are waiting leaves of absence for the purpose.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. CRUTCHFIELD,

Colonel, &amp;c.

A.

List of artillery battalions, Second Corps, Army of Northern Virginia.

Battalion R.- Captain Carter's battery, Captain Bondurant's battery, Captain Page's battery, Captain Fry's battery; Major Thomas H. Carter to be lieutenant-colonel; Captain Carter M. Braxton to be major.

Battalion L.-Captain Braxton's battery, Captain McIntosh's battery, Captain Davidson's battery, Captain Crenshaw's battery, Captain Pegram's battery, Captain Latham's battery; Lieutenant Colonel R. L. Walker to be colonel; Captain W. J. Pegram to be major.

Battalion T.-Captain Carpenter's battery, Captain Caskie's battery, Captain Raine's battery, Captain Dement's battery; Major R. Snowden Andrews to be lieutenant-colonel; Captain J. W. Latimer to be major.

Battalion E.-Captain Brown's battery, Captain Thompson's battery, Captain Carrington's battery, Captain Latimer's battery, Captain Gar-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

