
Abstract from monthly report of the Northwestern Virginia Brigade, Brigadier General John D. Imboden commanding, for March 6, 1863; headquarters Camp Washington.

Present for duty.

Officers.	Men.	Aggregate	Aggregate

present.	present and

Command.				absent

62nd Virginia Infantry	 30	 441	 511	 792

18th Virginia Cavalry	 5	 143	 202	 706

Battery	 4	 76	 83	 94

Total	 39	 660	 796	 1,592

NOTE ON ORIGINAL.-This report only embraces the organized regiments under my command. Companies for two additional regiments are being enlisted.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, March 7, 1863.

Brigadier General A. G. JENKINS,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Salem:

GENERAL: I telegraphed you yesterday that 600 Richmond rifles had been forwarded to you direct from Richmond. This may enable you to take in your expedition a somewhat greater number of men than we had contemplated.

I am trying to make arrangements to procure from Ohio a lot of beef-cattle, to be delivered on this side of the Ohio River, in Mason County; and if the plan succeeds, it is desirable that your force should be large enough to enable you to detail men enough to drive them in this direction, beyond the reach of the enemy.

Inform me how many men you can take without unnecessarily encumbering yourself.

Very respectfully and truly,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,March 8, 1863.

General J. B. KERSHAW,

Commanding Division, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Major-General Hooker, commanding United States Army of the Potomac, having informed the general commanding that he had directed that until further orders no communications coming from our lines would be received within theirs unless addressed to him, and under existing circumstances, delivered in front of Fredericksburg, General Lee instructs me to inform you, and through you the commanding officer in the town, that he wishes no communication sent across the river under flag of truce, except such as shall be authorized from these headquarters.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

42 R R-VOL XXV, PT II

