
RICHMOND,

March 12, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Dublin, Va.:

General Longstreet was ordered on the 5th instant to return to your and General Humphrey Marshall's command the troops which were sent here from those commands.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, March 12, 1863.

Brigadier General A. G. JENKINS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I received your note of the 9th instant. I regarded the suggestion to drive out beef cattle as offering one additional object which might perhaps be attained by your expedition, especially if you should find it impracticable to carry out your plans as discussed and agreed upon. We are greatly in need of beef-cattle, and if by private enterprise any cattle are delivered on this side of the Ohio by parties from Ohio, I wish you to give such protection and aid in driving them beyond the reach of the enemy as you can without hazard to the other objects you have in view.

If you touch Ohio in your operations, do not permit any wanton destruction of private property. Any private property which you may take, receipt for; the property to be paid for after the ratification of a treaty of peace between the Confederate United States. If in the course of your expedition you go into Kentucky, it is very desirable that you should do all in your power to conciliate the citizens whom you meet and have intercourse with. Pay as far as you can for all supplies you need and take from them, or give receipts, certified to be paid on presentation to me or to the proper officers of the Government in Richmond.

If anything happens to oblige you to fall back in haste, which I trust will not be the case, inform me promptly at what point to place subsistence stores for you.

You say you expect to strike the Kanawha on the 22nd instant. I will instruct Colonel McCausland to move forward and engage the attention of the enemy at Fayetteville on that day.

Keep me informed as often as you can of your movements and operations. I pray that you expedition may fulfill your most sanguine anticipations.

Very respectfully and truly, yours, &c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, March 12, 1863.

Colonel JOHN McCAUSLAND,

Commanding, &c., Princeton, Mercer County, Va.:

COLONEL: Brigadier-General Jenkins, with a part of his brigade, all officers and men dismounted, is about to move through Tazewell and McDowell Counties to the Lower Kanawha. He expects to strike the

