
stores. I wish you to order the two Captains Thurmond to join McCausland with their companies at Raleigh Court-House at such time as he may direct, and form a part of McCausland's command for the expedition.

Jenkins moves with only a part of his brigade, all dismounted, and expects to strike the Kanawha on the 22nd instant. I have directed McCausland to be in position to drive in the enemy's pickets in front of Fayetteville at daylight on the 23rd instant. He is not to attack for the purpose of gaining possession of the place; it is not worth to us now what it would cost to take it.

Communicate with McCausland, and aid him in every way you can in his preparations for the expedition. If the enemy at Fayetteville is strong enough to drive him back, or in any way endanger his brigade, you will be in readiness to support him.

I hope the commissary and quartermaster's stores you so much needed have reached the Narrows. The quartermaster and commissary assure me that they were started in time.

I hope to be at the arrows soon.

Very respectfully and truly, &amp;c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,March 12, 1863.

General J. E. B. STUART:

GENERAL: I am called to Richmond. General [R. H.] Chilton, &c., remain here. I have written to W. H. F. Lee to be prepared to move at short notice, and to select one regiment to remain in that section. His quartermaster is ordered here to see [J. L.] Corley, and ascertain what arrangements can be made to subsist his brigade on the Rapidan. Corley is endeavoring to accumulate some forage at Gordonsville. Do not let them feed it all up. I will send Captain [S. R.] Johnston up to Rapidan Station to see if rifle-pits can be constructed there to protect the bridge. I think it probable that a dash may be made at it to destroy it, in connection with other movements. What can you put there to guard it?

The impression of the people in King George is that the enemy are preparing to move off, sending troops secretly from Aquia at night, hauling back there their siege guns, &c. The latter may be true, as they would not be wanted in case of a circuit around our left.

The information from Falmouth is that the enemy will, as soon as roads permit, cross at United States Ford, Falmouth, and some point below, the attempt at Falmouth to be a feint.

The army is now making its preparations. They attempted last week to move their pontoons, but failed.

This information comes from citizens, and especially from a lady, wife of one of our officers, and I do not know how true. Endeavor to ascertain on your side. Mosby has covered himself with honors.

I have told Johnston to throw up some works at Gordonsville, so that Major [Cornelius] Boyle's men might make a stand against cavalry.

Love to my nephew.

Very truly,

R. E. LEE,

General.

