HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, March 13, 1863.

Brigadier General A. G. JENKINS,

Commanding, &amp;c., at Jeffersonville, Tazewell County, Ca.:

GENERAL: You informed me that you expected to strike the Lower Kanawha on the 22nd instant. I have accordingly directed Colonel McCausland to move forward, and be in position to drive in the enemy's pickets at daylight on the 23rd instant.

I wish you to inform me by the courier who will carry this to you of the time you will start with your command from Jeffersonville, and if it is still your expectation to reach the Kanawha by the 22nd instant.

I wish also to know how long you think it desirable for the success of your operations that Colonel McCausland should engage the attention of the enemy at Fayetteville.

His movements can be hurried or retarded to suit your movements and plans. General Floyd will, if practicable, have a small force in Logan County.

Very respectfully and truly, &C.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, March 13, 1863.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-Colonel Corley expressed to me an earnest desire to be relieved from duty as chief quartermaster of the Army of Northern Virginia, and stated at the same time that he had spoken to you on the subject. I therefore consented to relieve him, as he is not an officer of the Department, and if his place can be supplied by an officer as competent as he has proven, I did not deem it right that his application should be refused.

Lieutenant-Colonel [L. W.] O'Bannon is designated as the officer to relieve Colonel Corley. I am aware how much is at stake in making a change at this time in so important a position. My convictions are that Lieutenant-Colonel O'Bannon will prove to be equally efficient with Colonel Corley; and I indulge the hope that he will impress you as favorably, as was indicated by your indorsement upon Colonel Corley's application. General Bragg, of whose command Lieutenant-Colonel O'Bannon has been chief quartermaster, states that he is one of the most efficient officers of the Army.

I respectfully request that Colonel Corley may not be relieved until he has imparted all necessary information to his successor, and I trust that he will remain long enough to allow Colonel O' Bannon to become acquainted with the practical operations of the quartermaster's department in your command.

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, March 14, 1863.

General SAMUEL JONES, Dublin, Va.:

I learn that by your order requisition has been made for 100,000 pounds of Government beef at Salem. This is a reserve important for the Commissary General to retain. Spare it as far as you can.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

