
Jenkins himself and all his men go on foot, and you know how awerse cavalrymen are generally to doing anything on foot. They will have a very much longer march than McCausland's men, and the latter, if well managed, may contribute greatly to Jenkins' success, and probably to something brilliant themselves. The expedition ought, at least, to give me what I very much need, reliable information of the strength and condition of the enemy at Fayetteville, and perhaps materially interfere with a cavalry raid they are reported to be preparing.

I directed Captain W. [D.] Thurmond to go with his company as near to Fayetteville as possible, and get reliable information for me. He ought to have returned to his camp by the 10th instant, but he has not yet reported the result of his reconnaissance. Ascertain if he has returned.

I am glad you propose to meet McCausland to-morrow. Take this letter with you, and let him see it. It may impress upon him more strongly than my letter to him what I desire of him. I place much reliance on his coolness and good judgment to carry out my wishes. I have been constantly interrupted whilst writing this, and have no time to write more, if more is needed.

Respectfully and truly, yours,

SAM. JONES.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS,Numbers -. Near Chesterfield Depot, March 14, 1863.

Captain Thompson's battery, lately assigned to Dearing's battalion, First Corps, having been by General Lee relieved therefrom for duty in the Second Corps, will constitute a part of Jones' battalion.

Brown's (Maryland) battery, now of Jones' battalion, will be relieved therefrom, and attached to Andrews' battalion; and Caskie's battery, now of Andrews' battalion, will be relieved therefrom, and attached to Dearing's battalion, First Corps. These batteries will report, accordingly without delay.

By order of General Lee:

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

NEAR MIDDLEBURG, VA.,

March 16, 1863.

Major General J. E. B. STUART:

GENERAL: There has been no movement of the enemy since I saw you. I learn that they pursued me to within about a mile of Aldie, and then returned. I send the paroles of 3 deserters from their cavalry, who came up yesterday, bringing their arms and horses.

I start with my command to-day, to go down in the neighborhood of Dranesville. I expect to flush some game before returning. I have received several more recruits.

Public sentiment seems now entirely changed, and I think it is the universal desire here for me to remain. I send your bundle. Please order the ordnance officer at the Court-House to issue me some ammunition.

Respectfully.

JNO. S. MOSBY.

