
House by the 22nd instant. The men will carry to tents, and be prepared in the lightest possible marching order. Further directions will be sent before the regiment is to move.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA.,

March 18, 1863.

General Hood will comply with the recommendation of the accompanying telegram from General Lee, and either resume his former position, or take one more convenient for future movement. I think the latter preferable.

J. S. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

FREDERICKSBURG,

March 18, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

Please detain Hood's and Pickett's divisions until further notice. No infantry of enemy reported to be crossing. Cavalry retiring. Stuart pursuing. Divisions can either resume former or take more convenient positions. No more troops needed here.

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Indorsement.]

General Elzey will send the above order at once to General Hood.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, March 18, 1863.

Brigadier General A. G. JENKINS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your note of the 15th instant was received. I am informed to day that your troops had not left Jeffersonville at 9 o'clock on the morning of the 16th instant, but it was understood would start that day. I do not believe you will reach the Lower Kanawha with your command before the 26th instant. You have a long and difficult road before you. I have, however, modified McCausland's orders, as you requested.

From information which I have received within the last two days, I ascertain that it would have suited my purposes better, or rather would have served a double purpose, had your expedition been delayed a week longer. The nature of your expedition does not admit now of delay, as you must hurry on to where you can procure subsistence.

The information referred to above makes me desirous to fix the enemy's attention and retain his troops in the Kanawha Valley (unless, indeed, they should prefer retiring into Ohio, which I do not at all anticipate) until the middle of April. If, therefore, your expedition, which, from its nature, must governed in a great measure by unforeseen circumstances, serves to fix the enemy's attention in the Valley until about

