
the middle of April, besides accomplishing the ends you propose to yourself, it will in all probability have served a double purpose.

I send this to you by special courier, with instructions to follow you up and bring back your answer. Inform me by him as accurately as you can when and where you expect to strike the Kanawha. It is important that I should know it, in order to regulate McCausland's movements. Mention the rate you have traveled, and if, from the information you have of the roads before you, you expect to continue to move at the same speed.

A deserter from the enemy at Fayetteville reports that he understood the Ninety-first Ohio Regiment had been ordered down the Valley, and would probably move this week, as they were taking down their tents when he left, on the morning of the 13th instant.

Give me full information of your movements by the courier.

Very respectfully and truly,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, March 18, 1863.

Colonel JOHN McCAUSLAND,

Commanding, &amp;c., Princeton, Mercer County, Va.:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 15th was received yesterday. The quartermasters and commissaries report to me that all the supplies you need have been sent down by the river, except the corn. I regret that it has not been in my power to send the corn. The supply on which I relied was on the way over the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad, and would have been here in time if it had not been detained by the passage over the road of Abolition prisoners captured in Middle Tennessee. It will be sent forward as soon as possible.

Do not start on your expedition until you are supplied with all that is really needed. It is more than probably that I shall in a day or two receive such information from General Jenkins as to make it necessary to delay you a day or two longer. His command started from Jeffersonville on the 16th instant, and I feel quite sure it cannot strike the Kanawha before the 26th instant. In that case, you would have to delay your departure until the 24th instant.

I should not be sorry to hear from Jenkins that he would not reach the Kanawha until the 1st of April. Information which I have received within the last two days leads me to believe that by delaying your movement until the 29th or 30th instant, your expedition may accomplish a double purpose.

I will communicate with you again before you start. Unforeseen business will, I am afraid, prevent my seeing you at Princeton before that time.

Very respectfully and truly,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, March [18], 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN S. WILLIAMS,

Commanding, Salt Sulphur Springs:

GENERAL: Move the Forty-fifth [Virginia] Regiment to Raleigh Court-House, to reach there on the evening of the 26h instant. Direct the

43 R R-VOL XXVI, PT II

