
the order was prepared from very imperfect notes in many instances, and much which was commendable passed unrecorded.

I desire steps to be taken to make portable bake-ovens for the use of the army, on the model of the captured one. The regiments now using it could spare it, perhaps, until it could be sent to Richmond and a model made, or it may be better to have a model made in camp.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

Numbers 46. March 23, 1863.

In obedience to the proclamation of the President of the Confederate States, setting apart Friday, the 27th of March, as a day of fasting and prayer for the nation, all duties will be suspended on that day in the Army of Northern Virginia, except such as are necessary for its safety and subsistence. Religious services appropriate to the occasion will be performed by the chaplains in their respective regiments.

Soldiers! no portion of our people have greater cause to be thankful to Almighty God than yourselves. He has preserved your lives amidst countless dangers; He has been with you in all your trials; He has given you fortitude under hardships, and courage in the shock of battle; He has cheered you by the example and by the deeds of your martyred comrades; He has enabled you to defend your country successfully against the assault of a powerful oppressor. Devoutly thankful for His signal mercies, let us bow before the Lord Hosts, and join our hearts with millions in our land in prayer "that He will continue His merciful protection over our cause; that He will scatter our enemies and set at naught their evil designs, and that He will graciously restore to our beloved country the blessings of peace and security."

R. E. LEE,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 72. Richmond, March 24, 1863.

* * * * *

XIII. Brigadier General R. E. Colston, Provisional Army Confederate States, will proceed without delay to Fredericksburg, Va., and report to General R. E. Lee, commanding, &amp;c., for assignment to duty.

* * * * *

XXIV. Brigadier General C. J. Polignac and staff will proceed without delay to Alexandria, La., and report to Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith, commanding, &C., for assignment to duty.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,March 25, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have received a letter from Mr. [H. D.] Whitcomb, superintendent of the Virginia Railroad, with reference to the supplies

