
CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

February 18, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: Major-General Hooker, commanding Army of the Potomac, has been the communication of Major-General Schenck of the 11th instant, relative to certain pontoons recently made in Baltimore. He makes no objection to the use of one-half of those pontoons at Harper's Ferry, but requests that the other half may he detained in Baltimore, subject to his orders, which will be communicated through me.

The communication of General Schenck is herewith returned.

Respectfully,

D. P. WOODBURY,

Brigadier-General Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,February 20, 1863.

Approved, and respectfully forwarded to Major-General Schenck, commanding, &amp;c., for his information and action.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

February 12, 1863.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Commanding Defenses of Washington:

I inclose herewith a copy of a letter this day received from General Reynolds.

Company B, Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania, and Company F, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, are companies belonging to this command.

I cannot consider them, as far as numbers are concerned, as counting a portion of those ordered for the Reserves. I trust that you will send me the full number of troops sent to you, as shown by the report of the Pennsylvania Reserves, inclosed to Colonel Kelton, and save the trouble of any official correspondence on the subject. The Reserves will be largely increased by the return of convalescents and absentees, while the new commands will suffer in that respect more than the old troops. I hope that your action in this respect will be prompt and favorable.

Very respectfully, &c.,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,February 12, 1863.

Major General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I telegraphed General Heintzelman for the troops to be sent in the place of the Reserves Corps. He informs me that the One hundred and thirty-fifth, One hundred and forty-sixth, One hundred

