
from want of proper ammunition at any time the brigade should be left without artillery.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,March 31, 1863.

Major A. H. COLE,

Inspector of Transportation, Richmond:

MAJOR: General Lee wishes me to have the batteries supplied with horses very soon. I have gotten in the statement of what will be needed by most of the batteries, and find that, besides what you may have furnished, those sent the artillery of General Longstreet, and what Colonel Alexander had a short time since, there are needed for efficiency in the batteries left on the front fully 1,200 horses. They ought to be ready on demand. Are they? If not, it was a serious mistake not to let me get the 250 Captains Latham and Johnson had the opportunity of getting in North Carolina. Of the 250 Captain Johnson has probably left to my order at Lawrenceville, Brunswick County, Virginia, I shall need about 170 in the general reserve; the remainder will go to some other battalion.

Pray consult immediately with the Quartermaster-General, and let him know on the basis of this letter what the need is, and then inform me as speedily as you can when and where we may send for the horses. It should be remembered that horses really injured cannot serve artillery; horses spavined, swinneyed, or strained ought never to be issued to us. Some good inspector ought always to see to this. There are three important reasons why we need so many horses for the opening of this campaign: 1st, battles of last summer and fall, extending into the winter, in which so many horses were killed; 2nd, the special difficulties of this winter in the way of forage, after a very hard campaign, causing the failure of many animals, in spite of extraordinary efforts to preserve them; 3rd, the exchange of 6-pounder guns for 12-pounder Napoleons, 10-pounder Parrotts, and a few 24-pounder howitzers and 20-pounder Parrotts, rendering it necessary for more horses to draw them. I trust the Quartermaster's Department will appreciate the case, and, if possible, keep us supplied, remembering, too, the need of grain for our animals. We will do what we can with buds, grass, &amp;c., but must be aided by the railroad to considerable extent. Hoping to hear from your very soon, satisfactorily,

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General, &c.

RICHMOND,

March 31, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Dublin, Va.:

Colonel Trigg will repair with his regiment to Knoxville, agreeably to General Johnston's orders.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

