
RICHMOND,

April 1, 1863.

General R. E. LEE:

The Secretary of State has received the following from a gentleman, entirely trustworthy, just from New York:

A great crisis is expected in Kentucky. I am led to believe that the 20,000 men of Burnside's old army corps (Ninth), which was dispatched westward in night trains since Sunday, 22nd March, are destined for that quarter.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,April 1, 1863.

Brigadier General WILLIAM N. PENDLETON,

Commanding Artillery:

GENERAL: I hope that the horses necessary for the artillery, according to your statement of March 30, can be obtained when the proper time comes. To bring them up now would but add to our difficulties and might destroy the animals. I learn from Colonel Corley that 200 horses have been ordered up to the artillery within ten days. Please send me the information who ordered them up and what has become of them. Colonel Corley reports that one sixth of all the hay brought by the railroad is given to Colonel Crutchfield. It is impossible to get any more forage except such as the railroad can bring and what you can get in the neighborhood. You must make up for the want of forage by great care and strict attention, by browsing the horses and grazing them as much as possible. The officers of the batteries must give their constant personal attention to this. From reports to-day, the prospect for long forage seems to be brighter than some weeks back.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, April 1, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Your telegram of yesterday is received.

The Secretary of War telegraphed me on the 30th, asking if I could send the Fiftieth and Fifty-fourth [Virginia] Regiments to General Lee. I replied, but have received no answer. I shall send the Fifty-fourth to Knoxville or to General Lee. I can send the Fiftieth to General Lee. Shall I do it? Please answer by telegraph to-day.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

RICHMOND,

April 1, 1863.

General SAMUEL JONES,

Dublin, Va.:

GENERAL: In response to your communication of the 17th ultimo, I am directed by the Secretary of War to inform you that three regiments have been sent to Western Virginia, and must now have reached

