
their destination. The Secretary also directs me to say, in connection with the expedition of General Marshall into Kentucky, of which you have been informed, that you are requested to have in special view the defense of the salt-works and the protection of that portion of country. If necessary for this object, you are authorized to return such of the regiments as General Marshall will not require. It is hoped the expedition of General Marshall will effectually prevent raids, but it is right to be prepared against the contingency.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., April 1, 1863.

General SAMUEL JONES,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of the 28th ultimo. I am pleased to hear the prospect exists to raise one or more regiments of troops in Kentucky, but regret that you think it necessary their engagements of service should be restricted to their own locality. It would be every was advisable that, as far as practicable, they should be induced to engage for service generally in the Provisional Army; but rather than not secure their adhesion and military organization, they should certainly be allowed and encouraged to organize under the act of Congress "for local defense and special service." Under the provisions of that act, the extent and terms of their engagement are to be measured by the heading of their muster-rolls, and they will not even be in active service unless so called by the President. You are fully authorized in this way to constitute or authorize the formation of as many companies or regiments as can be raised in Kentucky, and you can at once call them into active service. You will also give such facilities and support to their formation as your judgment approves. General Williams, who, at your instance, has come down to confer with me on the subject of your letter, informs me that you will require arms to equip the men that may be raised, and I have accordingly directed the Ordnance Bureau to furnish you with 1,500 stand, a fair portion of which will be rifles. They will, I trust, be put to good service.

At the time of writing to General Donelson the letter of which you had a copy, it was expected here to order General Marshall, with a force chiefly of cavalry, but with some artillery, to make an inroad by Pound Gap, or somewhere in that direction, into Kentucky, and ordered were accordingly issued. Meanwhile General Johnston had organized from the command of East Tennessee a similar expedition for General Marshall on a somewhat smaller scale, and he had set out without receiving the ordered of the Department. As it was expected very nearly his whole force would be engaged in this invasion of Kentucky, it was thought it might be necessary that some movement of your forces should be made in support of General Marshall, to afford entire protection to the salt-works and railroad left exposed by his departure. I do not know that such movement will be still considered necessary by you; but I wish you to consider that such precautions as may be requisite to protect those essential points are expected of you. So long as the expeditions of Generals Pegram and Marshall are in front and engaging the whole attention of the enemy in Kentucky, there is little danger they will

