
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 10. Baltimore, Md., January 29, 1863.

The following orders from the War Department are published for the information of all concerned:

By command of Major-General Schenck:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,Numbers 43. Washington, January 27, 1863.

* * * * *

XVIII. Lieutenant Colonel Thomas C. Sullivan, captain and commissary of subsistence, is hereby relieved from duty as chief commissary of the Eight Army Corps, with rank of lieutenant-colonel. He will continue in the performance of his duties as depot commissary at Baltimore.

XIX. Lieutenant Colonel William D. Whipple, additional aide-de-camp, major and assistant adjutant-general, is hereby relieved from duty as assistant adjutant-general of the Eight Army Corps, and will report to Major-General Schenck, commanding Eighth Army Corps, for duty as aide-de-camp.

XX. In accordance with section 10 of the act approved July 17, 1862, and with General Orders, Numbers 212, from the War Department, dated December 23, 1862, the President orders the following assignments of officers to the staff of the army corps named, to wit:

Assistant Adjutants-General.-First Lieutenant William H. Chesebrough, Eleventh Infantry, to the Eight Army Corps, with rank and pay of lieutenant-colonel from January 27, 1863.

Commissaries.-Captain Joseph G. Crane, commissary of subsistence of Volunteers to the Eighth Army Corps, with rank and pay of lieutenant-colonel from January 27, 1863.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Marietta, Ohio, January 29, 1863.

Major N. H. MCLEAN,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Ohio:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose a copy of a telegram received to-day from General Scammon, at Charleston, stating indirect receipt of information as to the purposes of the enemy in the direction of the Kanawha.

Mr. Thomas N. Ayers, to whom the dispatch refers, is the superintendent of the coal-oil manufacturing company, which has works at Cannelton, 10 miles below Gauley Bridge, and which has its chief place of business at Maysville, Ky.

Reports of this sort have not been infrequent, and I attach little importance to them. I have given General Scammon directions to use his force with such activity as to compensate for its weakness as far as possible, and to look toward a concentration of it, with the determination to make a persistent stand at Gualey Bridge, even if the enemy advance by way of Sandy River, through Logan and Boone Court-House, to the Kanawha, below him. By keeping himself thus in their rear, the impossibility of keeping up supplies would make their stay short, whilst

