
for temporary duty with him; this will depend upon his ability to arm the men, which, however, he hopes to do.

Please reply at once, and let the commanding general know whether you can furnish rations for the extra number of men, if sent, and whether you want them. With this addition, Colonel Jackson will have some 700 or 800 men.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, April 5, 1863.

Colonel W. L. JACKSON,Warm Springs, Va.:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding has in contemplation to send you Dunn's battalion, dismounted, provided he can arm them. They will be with you, if sent, temporarily only.

Please let me know at once whether you desire to have them, and can use them to advantage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, April 5, 1863.

Colonel GEORGE S. PATTON,Commanding Twenty-second Virginia Vols., Lewisburg, Va.:

COLONEL: General Imboden will leave the Shenandoah Mountain on the 15th instant, in his advance upon Beverly. You will meet him at Huttonsville on the evening of the 18th instant. To insure this, you will leave Lewisburg on the 13th instant, with ten days' provisions, and your command in as light marching order as is practicable. After reaching Nap's Creek, you will send back your wagons, detail a guard to protect your extra rations, which you will leave at Nap's Creek or some more suitable place in that locality, and push on with the rest of your command to Huttonsville.

From Nap's Creek the men must carry their rations themselves until they join Imboden, who will after that supply them. General Imboden will communicate with you at Huttonsville or Nap's Creek by sending an officer and mounted escort from Monterey on the night of the 15th instant. You will use promptness and dispatch, and preserve entire secrecy as to the end and object of your movement. Colonel W. L. Jackson will also take part in the expedition, and the whole will be under the immediate command of General Imboden.

With three such officers as Imboden, Jackson, and yourself in command of such gallant troops as will compose this expedition, I have every reason to hope and believe in its entire success.

Very respectfully, colonel,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

