HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, April 5, 1863.

Colonel JOHN McCAUSLAND,Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: Yours of the 3rd instant received. I am directed by the major-general commanding to inquire if the prisoners [belonging to Walker's and Cook's companies] are in the Federal or State Line service. If they are Federal prisoners, they will have to be paroled; if not, they will be dealt with differently.

Please report all the facts in the case for the quidance of the general. Also please name the charges on which- Smith is charged, and name, if there are any, witnesses.

I am further directed by the general commanding to say that you will hold your command in readiness to move on Fayetteville any day on or after the 14th instant. From present information the general says he will direct you to move in all probability on the 15th instant.

I am, very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

P. C. WARWICK,

Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

No. 52. April 5, 1863.

The commanding general again calls the attention of officers and soldiers of the army to the importance of aiding the farmers of the country in raising their crops, by abstaining from destruction of fences and avoiding injury to fields of growing grain. The failure of the crops in districts occupied by the army will detract from our supplies, and render a large population heretofore contributing to our support dependent upon other portions of the country. The fortitude of citizens in districts which have suffered from our presence and the inroads of the enemy appeal to the sympathy of their defenders.

The women who have devoted themselves to the care of our sick and wounded claim protection. The contracted limits of cultivated country render it more difficult to procure subsistence, and self-preservation requires that protection and every aid be given to the production of the necessaries of life.

Commanders of troops will cause all orders relating to this subject to be read to their commands at least once a week, until all are fully informed, and will give personal attention to their observance, especially Paragraph II of General Orders, No. 131, of 1862, and No. 10, of current series, from these headquarters.

By command of General Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., April 6, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &c.:

SIR: General Johnston telegraphs that a division from Memphis is understood to be on the way to re-enforce Rosecrans. He apprehends, too, that Burnside's forces, in large measure, have a similar destination.

