
I desire it to be understood that I will not draw the pay of my office for the time that I remain out of active service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding Eleventh Corps.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 12, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, and reluctantly approved, as Major-General Sigel requests it. This officer is my senior, and feels that he should have the largest corps to command. In breaking up the grand divisions, I preserved the corps organization, for in that there seemed to be strength. The officers knew the men and the men their officers.

The major-general commanding the Eleventh Corps desires that the action of the proper authorities may be telegraphed as soon as made.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

FEBRUARY 19, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War without recommendation.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

The within application having been submitted to the President, he directs me to say that-

He has given General Sigel as good a command as he can, and desires him to do the best he can with it.*

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,

No. 4. February 12, 1863.

I. The artillery now serving with this corps will be assembled together and parked at some point, hereafter to be determined, in the vicinity of the depot at the mouth of Aquia Creek, and as near the railroad as circumstances will permit, and will constitute the Artillery Brigade serving with the corps, and the senior artillery officer present for the duty will command the brigade. He will see that his batteries are at all times in complete order for field service, and will hold them constantly in readiness to move at a moment's notice. An officer will be detailed to act as acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence, who will use every endeavor to keep the brigade well supplied with everything necessary to make it efficient, and at all times available, being particular to keep at all times a supply of forage constantly on hand.

II. The cavalry of the corps will be organized and commanded as follows:

First Division, Brigadier-General Pleasonton commanding.-Eighth New York, Sixth New York, Ninth New York, Eighth Illinois, Eighth Pennsylvania, Seventeenth Pennsylvania, Third Indiana, and First Maryland (one squadron).

---------------

* Telegraphed by Fry to Hooker, February 19, 1863.

---------------

