HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, April 6, 1863.

Colonel J. GORGAS,Chief of Ordnance, Richmond:

Your telegram received. The arms for General Williams are for a special purpose. I want 500 rifles and equipments, to arm a battalion of Jenkins' cavalry for immediate use. The battalion has been many months in the service without arms. At least 1,500 rifles are needed to arm Jenkins' cavalry. Requisitions have been made repeatedly, which you were unable to fill. If you can send the 500 rifles to Salem immediately, please do it.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, April 6, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel A. C. DUNN, Salem:

If I can supply you with 500 good rifles, can you have your battalion in readiness for an expedition on foot in five days from this time? If you can, report to me here in person to-morrow. Answer by telegraph.

SAM. JONES,Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 7, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Fredericksburg, Va.:

GENERAL: In response to the communication of Brigadier General H. Heth, of 13th ultimo, requesting that Lieutenant Colonel [James] Howard's battalion of artillery be ordered to his brigade, I am directed by the Secretary of War to say that it was referred to Major General A. Elzey, commanding, and returned by him, with the following indorsement:

Howard's battalion forms an important part of Rhett's command, the organization of heavy artillery for the defense of Richmond, and cannot be spared without serious injury to that corps and the service. It is not an infantry organization, but, like all heavy artillery, has muskets for self-defense, and is not available for detached service except in extreme necessity, as was the case a few days since. Colonel [Thomas S.] Rhett has exerted himself to organize and improve his command, and I think it would be great injustice to him to cut it up to fill up others. I therefore must beg to be permitted to enter my serious objection.

In consequence of the above indorsement of General Elzey, it is not deemed prudent to spare Howard's battalion at this time.

Very respectfully,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

April 7, 1863.

Brigadier General W. E. JONES,

Commanding Valley District, Lacey Spring:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 31st has been received. Two simultaneous attacks on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, at the points proposed, will certainly increase the probabilities of success, and facilitate

