
If you can select the proper time for your expedition, so as not to be embarrassed by the roads, water-courses, or weather, I anticipate nothing to mar its success.

You must bear in mind that the collection of horses, cattle, provisions, &amp;c, is of primary importance to us-as much so as the destruction of the railroad. I request, therefore, that nothing be neglected on your part to obtain as large a supply as possible. The men you expect to join you can assist in bringing them out.

I will write General Sam. Jones to send the promised troops to you. It is too late now to send them to me and for me to send the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first [Virginia] Regiments to you.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, April 7, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel A. C. DUNN,Commanding Battalion:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs you to prepare to move no the 11th, with your battalion on foot, via Huntersville, Pocahontas County, to Huttonsville, in Randolph County. On reaching Huntersville, you will report to Colonel William L. Jackson, under whose orders you will act. If Colonel Jackson has not been elected colonel of the regiment he has organized, the Nineteenth Virginia Cavalry, you will proceed, without reporting to him, to Huttonsville, where you will report in person to Brigadier-General Imboden, and act under him until further orders. Colonel Jackson's word that he has been elected will be taken as full proof of the fact.

You will time your march so as to reach Huttonsville on the morning of the 18th instant, when General Imboden will assume command of the entire expedition. You are specially instructed to enforce strict discipline in your command, and prevent all marauding and depredations by your men.

Very respectfully, &c.,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Major and Assistant Adjutant General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, April 7, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,Commanding Dept.of Southwestern Virginia, Dublin:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 2nd instant has been just received. It is too late now to substitute the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Virginia Regiments for the Fiftieth. I desire you, therefore, to send the troops to General Imboden which you promised, at the time and place agreed on. I shall, therefore, retain the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Regiments with me, and shall not send them to General Imboden. I request you to fulfill the engagement you made with General Imboden. Hereafter I shall have no objection to making this exchange, if desired, but it is too late to accomplish it now.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

