
He does not think that he has troops enough for the purpose, and has applied for more of his corps to be sent to him, which I have not thought advisable to do. If any of his troops are taken from him, I fear it will arrest his operations and deprive us of the benefit anticipated from increasing the supplies of the army. I must, therefore, submit your proposition to the determination of yourself and the President. If you think it will be advantageous at present to send a part of the troops operating in North Carolina to General Johnston, General Longstreet will designate such as ought to go.

If Generals Pegram, Marshall, and Samuel Jones can by judicious operations occupy General Burnside in Kentucky, it will relieve General Johnston more than by sending their troops to him.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, April 9, 1863.

[General JOHN S. WILLIAMS:]

GENERAL: I saw in the Richmond Enquirer, of the 7th instant, that General Burnside reports from Somerset, Ky., the repulse of Pegram on the 31st. It is reported that Burnside has a large force with him, and I think it highly probable that he will follow up his success with his cavalry, and perhaps make a dash on the salt-works on the borders of Smyth and Wythe Counties, and the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad. I have no cavalry in that direction to watch his movements, and must rely on you to give me the earliest information of the advance of the enemy, if he does advance.

Will you have the kindness to give me as full and early information on that point as you can, and oblige,Respectfully,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

No. 99. April 9, 1863.

*			*			*			*			*

XV. The Twenty-fifth Virginia Regiment, Jones' brigade, Trimble's division, and the Thirty-first Virginia Regiment, Early's [old] brigade, Early's division, will proceed to Shenandoah Mountain, by way of Stanton, and report for duty to Brigadier General J. D. Imboden, commanding, &amp;c. They will take them their cooking utensils and baggage. The quartermaster's department will make arrangements for their transportation by rail to Staunton, and will designate the hour for starting.

*			*			*			*			*

XVIII. The commanding officer of the Fiftieth Virginia Regiment will report with his regiment to Lieutenant General T. J. Jackson, commanding, &c., for assignment to one of the Virginia brigades of the Second Army Corps.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of General Lee:

[W. H. TAYLOR,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

