
I have sent Major [John W.] Mitchell, acting commissary of subsistence, to accompany Colonel Patton to Huttonsville, and there to report to you. He has with him $100,000 with which to purchase provisions. You will see his instructions. I need hardly remind you, general, of the importance of gathering all the beef and stock cattle that can be procured, and, indeed, all other supplies, and sending them to the rear. If bacon, or salt beef can be procured, country wagons and carts should be impressed to draw it the rear.

I have said nothing about the prospect of danger from re-enforcements to the enemy from the east. I trust W. E. Jones, by engaging the enemy's attention at Romney, and McNeill, by the destruction of bridges, will guard against that.

I do not think that you have anything to fear from the direction of the Kanawha. Jenkins drew their attention to the mouth of that river, and McCausland will engage their attention at Fayettesville when you reach Beverly.

I had hoped to see you at your camp, and Colonel Jackson at Huntersville before you started, but have been detained by other business. Report to me fully and as often as you can conveniently.

With such officers and men as you will have under you, and with such a commander, I hope for and certainly wish you brilliant success.

Very respectfully and truly, &amp;c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,No. 101. April 11, 1863.

I. Brigadier General John B. Gordon, Provisional Army Confederate States, will report to Lieutenant General T. J. Jackson for assignment to the command of the brigade formerly commanded by Brigadier-General Lawton.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of General Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, April 13, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,Commanding, &c., Camp near Fredericksburg, Va.:

GENERAL: I have just now received your letter of the 7th instant. I very much regret that you cannot send the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Virginia Regiments to Imboden. The Fiftieth Virginia, which I sent you to take the place of the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first, under the impression that you would send the latter to Imboden, left here on the 7th, the date of your letter, and must have reached your camp in time to enable you to send the two last-named regiments to Imboden, as the latter does not move until the 15th instant, as I informed you in my letter of the 8th instant. I hope, therefore, that notwithstanding your letter of the 7th instant, the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first are before this en route to Staunton.

Imboden's force was entirely too small to undertake the expedition, and I have added about 1,400 men to it. I would have sent the Fiftieth

