
Second Division, Brigadier General W. W. Averell commanding.-First Massachusetts, First Rhode Island, Fourth New York, Sixth Ohio, Third Pennsylvania, Fourth Pennsylvania, and Sixteenth Pennsylvania.

Third Division, Brigadier General D. McM. Gregg commanding.- First Pennsylvania, First New Jersey, First Maine, First Maryland, Second New York, and independent company.

The Reserve Brigade, Brigadier General John Buford commanding.-First United States, Second United States, Fourth United States, Fifth United States, and Sixth United States.

The regiment of Lancers, Sixth Pennsylvania, Colonel R. H. Rush, will, for the present, act under special instructions from these and superior headquarters, [and] all detachments and details now serving away from their proper commands, unless especially excepted by instructions from general headquarters. Those regiments, squadrons, or troops not now serving with the divisions or brigades to which they have been assigned will be reported at once by their respective commanders for duty with their proper commands. Each division will consist of two brigades as nearly equal in effective as possible, the selections of regiments, &amp;c., to be made by the division commanders; regard for efficiency superseding all other considerations.

III. The First Division, General Pleasonton, will constitute the right, headquarters near Aquia Creek Church; the Second Division, General Averell, the center, headquarters near Brooke's Station; and the Third Division, General Gregg, the left, headquarters near Belle Plain. The Reserve will be encamped in the vicinity of general headquarters.

IV. A detail of one squadron will be furnished to each of the corps of this army to act as orderlies, messengers, &c. The First Division will furnish the details for the Fifth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Corps; the Second Division for the Second and Third Corps, and the Third Division for the First and Sixth Corps. The details for these and general headquarters will be furnished from the Reserve Brigade.

V. The general commanding the corps is desirous that every legitimate means within the reach of the officers and men under his command may be made use of to fit and perfect themselves for the most vigorous and rapid movements. Requisitions have been made for packsaddles sufficient to supply the wants of the whole command, and the general gives this timely notice to all that it is his intention to dispense with the use of wagons in all active field service of cavalry.

VI. All horses permanently disabled, or which cannot by the means of treatment be made available within a reasonable time, will re- turned over to the quartermaster's department after proper condemnation by competent authority.

By command of Brigadier-General Stoneman:

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 13, 1863.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to transmit a copy of a communication which has been received from Major-General French, setting forth that it has become a practice for the public mails to be used for sending citizens' clothing to soldiers to facilitate desertions, and I request

