HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, April 15, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN ECHOLS, Narrows:

GENERAL: Your telegram of this morning received. Colonel McCausland's movement was only intended to distract the attention of the enemy and prevent them from sending re-enforcements against the combined troops under Imboden. General W. E. Jones telegraphed last night that he had countermanded the movement of all his troops, and as soon as General Jones receives that telegram, he will doubtless stop his also. Under these circumstances, Colonel McCausland's move would only expose his men to danger and hardship without the probability of any substantial benefit arising therefrom; that, too, directly in the face of General Cooper's order to move to the support of Marshall, if possible. If the enemy overwhelm Marshall and show any energy, they will move on into Eastern Kentucky or Virginia against the railroad. Your troops would then be needed, and would necessarily be withdrawn to protect the road, a move which, in the event of McCausland being unsuccessful, would expose us to the most disastrous results. Imboden having been halted with the information before us, we have to look mainly to Eastern Kentucky. I have telegraphed the Secretary of War, stating the case fully, and await his orders.

Meanwhile I feel compelled to assume the responsibility of countermanding, in the general's name, the movement of Colonel McCausland, and consequently of Lieutenant-Colonel Derrick, as telegraphed last night. Keep the transportation prepared for a move in any direction.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, April 16, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

Mr. PRESIDENT: Information derived from our scouts has shown that a movement on the part of the enemy's cavalry was in contemplation. They have been kept massed and rationed for several days past. On Monday evening they were seen moving up the Rappahannock, and on Tuesday morning they appeared at Kelly's Ford, with an intention to cross. They were, however, repulsed by our dismounted skirmishers, but forced a passage at the Rappahannock Bridge, where they were soon driven back. From information I received, I was led to believe that their destination was the Shenandoah Valley. General Stuart was apprised of this suspected movement, and General W. E. Jones was placed upon his guard. The last dispatches from General Stuart, dated yesterday, report the enemy's cavalry north of the Rappahannock, massed opposite Kelly's and Beverly Fords and Rappahannock Bridge. Prisoners report they were rationed for eight days. The cavalry were accompanied by artillery and wagons. General Stuart thinks the movement a feint to cover other operations. He can learn of no force moving toward the Blue Ridge, but thinks from the reports of his scouts that General Hooker intends to transfer his army to White House, on the Pamunkey, or to the south side of James River. My own impression has been that the movement was intended to draw us to the Upper

