
in a day or so. Hardaway's was not among them, however, and feeling satisfied it must have occurred by a mistake, I got Major [H. P.] Jones, who went down to Richmond to-day, to inquire into it.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. CRUTCHFIELD,

Colonel, and Chief of Artillery, Second Corps.

P. S.- Transportation may be further reduced hereafter if it be found imperatively necessary. But reduce it too low now, and there is no hope of any further increase.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, April 16, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,Commanding Southwestern Virginia:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 13th has been just received. Upon the arrival of the Fiftieth Virginia, the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Virginia Regiments were immediately ordered to Staunton, to report to General Imboden on Shenandoah Mountain. I hope they reached that point in time for the expedition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT, LACEY SPRING, VA., April 16, 1863.

General J. D. IMBODEN,Commanding at Shenandoah Mountain:

GENERAL: There is no sign of the enemy in the Valley. News has reached me from Sperryville just now, but no tidings of the move anticipated. Orders are sent by the bearer of this to your cavalry to encamp between Harrisonburg and your position, to await orders either from you or me. Your infantry and artillery you can put in camp where it may best suit you, keeping in view some point of rendezvous toward Staunton, if threatened by a force my immediate command cannot meet. My opinion is, the attack on the Valley has been abandoned, if ever entertained, by the enemy. General Stuart is still near Culpeper Court-House. As soon as plans for the future can be arranged, you will be notified. If you can put everything in condition for action in your absence, I would be glad to see you in day or so to arrange our affairs.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. JONES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,No. 106. April 16, 1863.

*			*			*			*			*

XIV. The field officers of the battalions of artillery organized under General Orders, No. 20, current series, from these headquarters, are designated in the following table:

