
that such measures may be taken by the Government with reference to this subject as will put a stop to the evil presented.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,February 6, 1863.

Captain HOWARD,

A. D. C. and A. A. A. G., Hdqrs. Second Corps:

CAPTAIN: I respectfully request that the attention of the headquarters of the Army of the Potomac may be brought to an act which has just been presented for my consideration.

A few days, since, the commanding officer of the One hundred and thirty-second Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers received an anonymous note from a town in that State, advising him that citizens' clothing was being mailed to soldiers in this army to facilitate their desertion. He had the mails supervised, and yesterday he brought to me two packages of clothing (citizens') which had arrived in the mail, and upon which had been stamped, on one, $2.04, and on the other, $2.25. There was also a letter of advice from a female relative, clearly stating the object of the transmittal. The lieutenant-colonel of the One hundred and thirty-second Pennsylvania is of opinion that many men are assisted in this matter through the Government mails, and I deem it of such importance as to request a reference where the evil can be corrected. The letters and packages are in the lieutenant-colonel's possession.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding Third Division.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., February 13, 1863.

ADAMS EXPRESS COMPANY, Washington, D. C.:

The commanding general directs me to inform you that in future no packages will be permitted to be brought to this army for soldiers except under the following restrictions:

First. Securely fastened to the outside of the package must be an invoice of the contents. This invoice must be certified to by the agent who receives the packages that the contents have been examined by him and are truly set forth.

Packages containing citizens' clothing and intoxicating liquors will not be allowed to be brought to the army for soldiers' use. Packages for officers will only be subject to the restrictions that have heretofore been imposed upon them. It is not intended to class under the head of citizens' clothing anything but outer garments that facilitate desertion. There is no objection to underclothing, mittens, or other little articles that may be desired being forwarded. This course has become necessary by the pernicious practice of treasonable persons sending citizens' clothing to soldiers here to encourage and facilitate desertion.

The commanding general desires to know what length of time it will take you to enter upon a full compliance with this order.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

