
GENERAL RESERVE.

Cutts' Battalion.

Lieutenant Colonel A. S. CUTTS.

Major JOHN LANE.

Lane's [Wingfield's] battery.

Patterson's battery.

Ross' battery.

Nelson's Battalion.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM NELSON.

Major T. J. PAGE, Jr.

Kirkpatrick's battery.

Massie's battery.

Milledge's battery.

By command of General Lee:

[W. H. TAYLOR,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, April 17, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,Secretary of War:

SIR: I am informed by the chief commissary of the army that he has been unable to issue the sugar ration to the troops for the last ten days. Their ration, consequently, consists of one-fourth pound of bacon, 18 ounces of flour, 10 pounds of rice to each 100 men about every third day, with some few peas and a small amount of dried fruit occasionally, as they can be obtained. This may give existence to the troops while idle, but will certainly cause them to break down when called upon for exertion.

I also learn that there have been 100 car-loads of sugar and other supplies for this army detained at Raleigh and Gaston for more than a fortnight.

I beg that you will take the necessary measures to cause the supplies to be forwarded promptly and regularly. The time has come when it is necessary the men should have full rations. Their health is failing, scurvy and typhus fever are making their appearance, and it is necessary for them to have a more generous diet.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, April 17, 1863.

Major General J. E. B. STUART,Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have received your dispatches by your couriers. In reference to the report of your signal officer, Mr. Charles Hume, I hope the strength of the enemy at the various points as given by him is exaggerated. I do not think that General Hooker would venture to transfer his army to the Pamunkey or James River, and thus uncover Washington, unless the troops in front of Alexandria and in and around Washington are as numerous as stated by your signal officer. If his movement on the Upper Rappahannock was not intended against Jones, it may have been designed to draw us out from our present position, either to disclose our force, or enable them to seize upon Fredericksburg, rebuild the bridges across the river, &amp;c.

Everything is very quiet in our front. The balloons are in constant observation, as if expecting or watching movement on our part. Three gunboats were reported yesterday to be at Loretto, ascending the river.

