
CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

February 13, 1863.

Brigadier General M. R. PATRICK,

Provost-Marshal-General:

The commanding general directs that all trading establishments, peddlers, &amp;c., within the lines of this army, except regularly authorized and appointed sutlers, be broken up, and the parties, with their goods, be sent outside lines to the rear by to-morrow night; that notice be served upon them and copies to department provost-marshals that if found within our lines after twenty-four hours, their goods, wares, and horses will be confiscated, one-half to the hospitals of the corps within which they may be arrested or found, the balance to the general hospitals at Aquia Plain, and Windmill Point.

Very respectfully, &c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

February 13, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following, taken from the passes on file in the office of the provost-marshal at Aquia Creek, gives a list of parties in Washington signing passes to citizens and others to visit this army. If the power of giving passes is extended to so many parties, it renders it almost an impossibility to put a stop illicit traffic and the visits of improper persons to the army. Forgeries of passes are now very common. I would respectfully request that the signatures of passes to visit this army be limited to one officer in the War Department and one officer in the Military Governor's office, in order that forgeries may be prevented. I presume this can be done without any great trouble by having those parties who now sign passes simply give an order on the person authorized to sign passes for a pass. I would recommend that the system of giving passes at Alexandria be discontinued. An early reply is requested.*

Very respectfully, &c.,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ENGINEER BRIGADE, February 13, 1863.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of the 12th, instant, received this morning, I have the honor to report as follows:

Number of pontoons.

Two bridge trains, in charge of four companies of the

Fifteenth New York 44

Two bridge trains, in charge of six companies of the

Fiftieth New York 44

One bridge train, mounted, but without teams 30

One bridge train, without wagons or teams 22

At Belle Plain, afloat 30

Total number of pontoons 170

---------------

* The list of persons signing passes, which General Hooker inclosed, gives the names of 15 persons so authorized.

---------------

