
Transportation will be furnished, according to the above schedule, by the chief quartermaster of the army, if practicable. If this amount cannot be provided and maintained during the campaign, a further reduction pro rata must be made.

All transportation exceeding the amount allowed will be at once turned over to the chief quartermaster of the army.

No public animals will be allowed to any person, excepting such as are authorized by law to be mounted.

The ambulances and medical wagons of each brigade will be in charge of the brigade quartermaster, under direction of the senior surgeon.

When private conveyances and animals are used, they will be counted as part of the public transportation, and included in this order.

By command of General R. E. Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, April 20, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,President of the Confederate States:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I have taken occasion before to remark to you upon the insufficiency of cavalry in this army. The enemy has greatly re-enforced that arm of the service, and has brought this spring to the Rappahannock regiments that have hitherto been in Maryland, controlling the east bank of the Potomac, the interior, and the Eastern Shore as far as Northampton, Va. The horses are consequently fresh, and I understand are in fine condition. I learn from our scouts and other sources that the enemy's cavalry consists of six brigades, organized into three divisions, under General Stoneman. To oppose this force at present on the Upper Rappahannock we have two small brigades [the two Lees], under General Stuart, who has to maintain a line of pickets from the Chesapeake to the Blue Ridge. The late contest on the Upper Rappahannock, commencing on the 14th instant, was maintained by General W. H. F. Lee's brigade alone, two of whose regiments were absent, forming the picket line from the mouth of the Rapidan to the Chesapeake. But for the rifle-pits arranged at the different fords, in which General Lee placed his men dismounted, it would have been impossible to have resisted the force opposed to him.

General W. E. Jones' brigade is on duty in the Valley, and General Hampton's is recruiting. I have directed the latter to come forward as soon as fit for service, but do not know when that will be. General Fitz. Lee is subsisting his brigade in the region from which it was found necessary to withdraw Hampton, without drawing a pound for man or horse from any other source.

The most speedy means of obtaining re-enforcements is by bringing one brigade from North Carolina and Jenkins' brigade from Western Virginia. I do not accurately know the force of cavalry in North Carolina, or what service they have to perform, but I hope one brigade can be spared without detriment. I think it probable there will be great objections to bringing Jenkins from Western Virginia, but I really do not see what service he can perform there or how he can be subsisted.

Colonel [J. H.] Clanton, commanding the cavalry force in Alabama, has applied to be ordered to this army, but I know nothing of the necessities

