
of his service in that State, and have heard that his men are enlisted for six months only. I should not think he would be wanted in Middle Tennessee, as I have heard that Major-Generals Van Dorn and Wheeler have between them twelve brigades of cavalry.

I have before me a letter from Colonel Robert [H.] Anderson, Fifth Georgia Cavalry, stating that the cavalry in the district of Georgia amounts to 2,500 men, and asking that his regiment may be ordered to join General Stuart. From my knowledge of the wants of that district. I should think that number of cavalry is not needed there, but General Beauregard may be of a different opinion. The enemy have no means of penetrating the interior of that State, or departing far from their boats. By the middle of May or the 1st of June, all military operations in that section will have ceased. Colonel Anderson states that his regiment is not needed where it is, and that he is anxious to get it into active service. If he cannot come to Virginia, he will apply to go to Tennessee.

I regret to state that Lieutenant [A. D.] Payne and 7 men of the Black Horse Cavalry were captured on the 18th, near Orlean, in an encounter with the enemy. General Fitz. Lee states that the enemy outnumbers him 4 to 1, and ride over him by sheer force of numbers. I fear some great evil will befall us if this state of things continues. I have made every effort in my power during the winter to obtain carbines for the cavalry, so that I could dismount more men when the ground favors it. Colonel Gorgas has sent me some, and intends, I believe, to furnish more, but they come in slowly and in small numbers.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 21, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The President has shown me your letter of the 20th instant, on the subject of an increase of cavalry for your command. In answer, I send you the following list of cavalry regiments in North Carolina, viz, the Nineteenth and Forty-first North Carolina Cavalry, the Fifty-ninth and Sixty-third North Carolina Partisan Rangers, the Sixty-second Georgia Rangers, and the Seventh Confederate Cavalry, in all six regiments. The President thinks that three of these regiments might be safely drawn from North Carolina, to increase your cavalry force, and as the limits of your command extend to include the troops in North Carolina, he suggests that you make your selection of these three regiments, and give the necessary orders in the case.

Besides this force, I think there can be sent to you Clanton's regiment from Alabama [I have telegraphed General Buckner on the subject], one regiment from Georgia, one from South Carolina, and three from Western Virginia, under Brigadier-General Jenkins. Measures will be immediately taken to secure this force for you, which, including the three regiments from North Carolina, which you will order yourself, will constitute ten regiments, the amount of cavalry force required by you.

Very respectfully, &c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

