
to the north side. Infantry pickets are now at Kelly's Ford, Rappahannock Bridge, and Beverly Ford. The whistle of a locomotive was heard yesterday on the north side, supposed to be at Bealeton, on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad.

General Stuart heard also from citizens that the enemy came in large force to Centreville and Union Mills Ford on Friday last, and subsequently moved a force along the Orange and Alexandria Railroad.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, April 23, 1863.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have received your letters of the 20th and 21st instant. With regard to Mr. Maddox, to whom the former relates, it may be well for you to know that there are three persons of this name. One, George Frederick Maddox, a planter and lawyer from Saint Mary's County, Maryland, is the one probably to whom you refer. Major Griswold, provost-marshal in Richmond, will know him, perhaps. I have heard that he was engaged, in the contraband trade, and he may be sincere in the proposition which he has made. I know nothing of his wife.

The second, Alfred Maddox, originally from Fauquier, some time a clerk in a dry goods store in Baltimore, so far as I know, unmarried, is also engaged in the contraband trade. He is a tall, large man, with black hair and moustache; stoops a little in the shoulders.

The third, H. Clay Maddox, a doctor of medicine in Richmond, brother of Alfred, was formerly sent out of the lines of this army by General Johnston. I would place but little reliance on his statement.

As regards the reported movement of General Hooker toward Richmond, I know of no direct route which he can take shorter than the line which we now occupy, and should he attempt such a movement when the army is able to operate, I think he will find it very difficult to reach his destination.

I am very much obliged to you for the measures you have taken to re-enforce the cavalry of this army, which I consider to be a measure of great necessity. I have written to General Longstreet to ascertain what regiments could be spared from North Carolina, and have requested him to order them on.

Thanking you for the information conveyed to me, and for your promptness in attending to the wants of this army,

I remain, general, very sincerely, yours,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, April 23, 1863.

General R. H. CHILTON,

Asst. Adjt.and Insp. General, Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: Your letter of this date has been received. I have the honor to make the following replies to your questions:

1. On taking command of the Army of Northern Virginia on the 1st

