
Beside these, there are about twenty pontoons at Washington and sixty new ones stored at New York. About forty more, if needed, could probably be obtained from Harper's Ferry as soon as the new pontoons of large size, made in Baltimore, have been substituted for the common ones hitherto used.

Condemned	Servicea-ble	Total.

Number of animals:	225	326	551

In charge of the

Fifteenth New York

In charge of the 	237	354	591

Fiftieth New York

Total	462	680	1,142

A requisition has been made for 226 animals more. Two bridge trains only are to be completely mounted with teams. Three others are mounted on wagons and ready for teams. One, near my headquarters, has neither wagons nor teams. The pontoon and trestle wagons are to have 8 animals and 2 teamsters each, the other wagons 6 animals and 1 teamster each.

Condition of the animals.-The animals were in bad order when received. They are now daily improving. About one-half of them are in good artificial shelters on all sides and overhead. The other half are in a valley, in dense pine woods. They are groomed, fed, and watered at stated hours and under strict supervision.

Locality of the camps.- The two trains in charge of the Fifteenth New York are about 2 miles from Falmouth, one-half mile west of the road from Falmouth to Stafford Court-House, and 4 miles from headquarters Army of the Potomac.

The two trains in charge of the Fiftieth New York are 2 1/2 miles from Falmouth, on the road from that place to Stafford Court-House, and 4 miles from headquarters. One train without wagons or teams in rear my headquarters. One train with wagons, and to the left without teams, is on its way to a place on the right bank of Muddy Run, about 3 miles from Seddon's place and 2 miles from headquarters Army of the Potomac. All these places can, if desired, be designated on the map which General Warren is preparing. Besides the pontoons above mentioned, there are twenty canvas pontoons in Washington suitable for an advance guard or any light column. Its weight is 640 pounds. The wooden pontoon weighs 1,570 pounds. Its buoyancy is sufficient for infantry, cavalry, and field artillery. It is much more liable to accidents than the ordinary pontoon and requires more watching.

Respectfully,

D. P. WOODBURY,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION, February 14, 1863.

Brigadier General. A. PLEASONTON, Commanding First Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I will send a regiment to relieve your pickets to-morrow, and you please send me any orders which you may have concerning the section of country on the left.

Yours, truly,D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding Third Division.

