
ately proceed to collect their horses, and put themselves in readiness to report to you. If you will inform me at what point you wish them, it will expedite the movement, as it will enable me better to designate the points at which the horses are to be collected.

Brigadier-General Jenkin's men are chiefly from the west and northwest of the State, and you know what a decided preference those men have for serving in or near their own section of country. I have thought it might serve your purpose to send Jenkin's cavalry to replace a part of Brigadier General W. E. Jones' cavalry in the Shenandoah Valley.

Please inform me when I shall send Jenkins. I hope, general, you will only need these regiments temporarily. From my own limited knowledge of the wants of your army, and my conjectures as to the probable plan of campaign, I am induced to believe Jenkins' cavalry may at present render more service with you than in this department, and I therefore make my plans yield to yours.

I have heard nothing from Brigadier-General Imboden since the 18th instant. He was to move on the morning of the 20th instant. I sent him about 1,600 men. I am sorry anything occurred to make, it necessary that Brigadier General W. E. Jones should have countermanded Imboden's order to move on the 15th instant. The delay was unfortunate, I think, but I still hope for good results from the expedition.

With great respect, general, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, April 25, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN ECHOLS,Union:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding approves the disposition made of the Forty-fifth [Virginia] Regiment. He is aware of the inadequate protection afforded the counties of Greenbrier and Monroe by the present disposition of the forces, but hopes to have a regiment of cavalry ready to go to the front in a few days, when a sufficient guard can be sent from Princeton to the Narrows to allow Derrick's battalion to go to Greenbrier or Monroe, as may seem best at the time. Meanwhile the general relies on the weakness of the enemy in the Kanawha Valley and a raid in the northwest to prevent any raid into Monroe and Greenberier.

The Twenty-second [Virginia] Regiment is at present on detached service, on an expedition under General Imboden. It will probably soon return to Lewisburg. It may be communicated with by way of Beverly, if it has passed that point.

Some Government cattle have just been ordered from Greenbrier farther to the rear, which may create an impression that it is intended to withdraw the troops from that county. Such is not the case, and in your intercourse with the citizens it would be well to assure them on that point.

The cattle are sent back as a precautionary measure only, as their being in the county might only tempt a raid for the purpose of running them off.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINCFEELOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

