
at me directly, perhaps no word of defense might be deemed necessary. I may be permitted to say, however, that the course of that man would be a curious anomalous one who would deliberately espouse our cause under the circumstances by which I was surrounded, and then curse it by tolerating all manner of outrages upon the property of its citizens. And even my enemies, I imagine, will hardly reflect so severely upon my intelligence as to suppose that in my position I would to be able to know something of these outrages, if committed.

As I learn that Judge Campbell, the Assistant Secretary of War (who I am told is a gentleman who would not willingly do injustice to any one), spoke of my men a few days ago as marauders, I beg you to call his attention to a communication addressed to General Samuel Jones, and by him forwarded to your Department, by Colonel W. H. French, commanding this brigade during my absence on an expedition to the Ohio River. You can also, if you think proper, let him read this communication.

I remain, my dear sir, very truly, yours,

A. G. JENKINS,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsements.]

MAY 1, 1863.

To Judge Campbell, Assistant Secretary, for perusal. The writer so requests, that misapprehension may be removed.

J. A. S.,

Secretary of War.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

The expressions I have made in reference to detachments from this brigade have been made upon papers sent to General Jones for inquiry. Some weeks ago the complaints were numerous, and the acts complained of were of an atrocious character.

Brigadier-General Jenkins confesses to sufficient laxity to authorize strong expressions.

J. A. C.[CAMPBELL.]

[APRIL 28-29, 1863.-For Manry to Jones, and reply, in reference to re-enforcements for East Tennessee, see Series I, Vol. XXIII, Part II, pp.800,803.]

FREDERICKSBURG, April 29, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

The enemy crossed the Rappahannock to-day in large numbers, and have taken position under the bank of the river, under cover of their heavy guns on the opposite side.

The day has been favorable for his operations, and to-night he will probably get over the remainder of his forces.

Besides the force which was reported by General Stuart to have crossed on the pontoon bridges laid below Kelly's Ford, I have learned this evening by couriers from Germanna and Ely's Fords that the enemy's cavalry crossed the Rapidan at those points about 2 p.m. to-day. I could not learn their strength, but infantry was said to have crossed with the cavalry at the former point.

Their intention, I presume, is to turn our left, and probably to get into our rear.

