
than the mouth of Massaponax Creek. He is certainly in large force here, and it looks as if he was in earnest. I hear of no other point at which he is crossing, except below Kelly's Ford, where General Howard has crossed with his division, said to be 14,000, six pieces of artillery, and some cavalry. Stoneman will probably cross about the Warrenton Springs, and I fear will make for Gordonsville, and may destroy our roads. I have nothing to oppose to all that force up there except the two brigades of cavalry under General Stuart. All available troops had better be sent forward as rapidly as possible by rail and otherwise.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, Va.,

April 29, 1863.

Lieutenant-General LONGSTREET:

The following telegram just received since the one already communicated to you:

If any troops can be sent by rail to Gordonsville, under a good officer, I recommend it. Longstreet's division, if available, had better come to me, and the troops for Gordonsville and the protection of the railroad, from Richmond and North Carolina, if practicable. General Howard of the enemy's forces, making toward Gordonsville; has six batteries with him. Please order the forwarding of our supplies.

The Secretary, in view of the above, directs the return of your command, or at least such portions of it as can be spared without serious risk; also any surplus force that can be spared from General D. H. Hill. [T. S.] Rhett's command has been sent to Gordonsville. These movements are required to be made with the utmost dispatch.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., April 29, 1863.

General COOPER:

DEAR GENERAL: General Lee telegraphs that all available force at our command be sent at once by rail, or otherwise, toward Gordonsville. You had better see General Elzey, and arrange that Wise's brigade prepare and start as soon as practicable. Telegraph French at Petersburg to send here all available force at his command. They had better march, not to interrupt railroad transportation of supplies. I send General Lee's telegram. Please return it to me at the President's office after you have examined it.

Most truly,

J. A. SEDDON,

[Secretary of War.]

[WAR OFFICE, Richmond, April 29, 1863.]

General COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

DEAR GENERAL: General Lee, by another telegram, just sent the President, says:

If any troops can be sent by rail to Gordonsville, under a good officer, I recommend it. Longstreet's division, if available, had better come to me, and the troops for Gordonsville and the protection of the railroad, from Richmond and North Carolina, if practicable. General Howard, of the enemy's forces, has six batteries with him, Please order the forwarding of our supplies.

