
I have seen General Elzey. He suggests Rhett's command instead of General Wise's. So order. Transportation must be provided him. His horses have been taken away. They must be supplied, even by impressments from the city, if necessary.

*		*		*		*		*		*

Order by telegraph Longstreet's return, sending him General Lee's telegram; also any surplus force to be spared from General Hill. Please send General Lee's telegram to Colonel Northrop, and ask him to send forward all supplies he can command. Colonel [G. W. C.] Lee informs me General Howard is the enemy's officers; so disregard all the passage erased.

In haste, truly yours,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, April 29, 1863-6.30 p.m.

Major General LAFAYETTE McLAWS, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: A arranged to-day, I wish you to draw your troops out of Fredericksburg, leaving your sharpshooters, and take a position in the rifle-pits, so as to maintain the height back of the town, as in December. Extend your right to Deep Run, and the troops not necessary on the front hold in reserve to throw where they may be required.

You should have all your men in position by daylight in the morning, with rations for the day.

Caution your officers to be vigilant and energetic; repair your line of defense when you may find it necessary, and pay every attention to the comfort of your men and the support of your horses.

Communicate to General Jackson and General Anderson all movements of the enemy affecting them, and, if they ask for re-enforcements, furnish what you can. I have just hear that the enemy's cavalry, accompanied by infantry, had crossed at Germanna Ford (the Rapidan).

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.

P. S.-I have just heard that a regiment of cavalry crossed at Ely's Ford. We may be obliged to change our position in consequence of the enemy's having come in between us and General Stuart. Make your preparatory arrangements to-night to secure all your property. Leave no more sharpshooters on the rive and in Fredericksburg than are absolutely necessary, so as to have as strong a force as possible to strengthen our left.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, April 29, 1863-6.45 p.m.

Major General R. H. ANDERSON, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have just heard that a portion of the enemy's cavalry, accompanied by infantry, crossed the Rapidan at Germanna Ford about 1 o'clock. Draw in your brigade at United States Ford, and throw your left back so as to cover the road leading from Chancellorsville down the river, taking the strongest line you can, and holding it to the best advantage. I wish you to go forward yourself and attend to this matter.

Let me know where communications will reach you, and inform me of the condition of things.

