
[Indorsement.]

I have received no particular orders, except not to permit persons to pass without the proper authority.

A. PLEASONTON.

P. S.-Phillips' house burned down to-day. No other news.

WASHINGTON, February 14, 1863.

Major General R. C. SCHENCK, Baltimore:

GENERAL: Yours of the 11th, in regard to the pontoon train, is this moment received.

When you spoke to me about the pontoons in Baltimore, I referred you to the chief engineer, General Totten, under whose direction they were built. I was not informed as to their condition nor intended object. I was afterward informed by General Totten that they had been constructed for the Army of the Potomac, and placed under the orders of General Woodbury. The next I heard of them was a notice that you were removing them to Harper's Ferry, without General Woodbury's knowledge or the consent of the Engineer Department.

Your letter will be immediately sent to General Woodbury for his action. Whether he has enough pontoons on the Rappahannock for the use of the Army of the Potomac, or whether he will require a part or all the train in Baltimore, I am not informed. Some weeks ago he was of opinion that train should be left, at that time, in Baltimore, so as to be ready for transportation either to the Rappahannock or to the Upper Potomac, as circumstances might require.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[Indorsements.]

BALTIMORE, MD., February 16, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Kelley for his information. The general commanding thinks it would be best unload that part of the pontoon which was arrived at Harper's Ferry, to await the decision of General Woodbury whether we shall have it for the Upper Potomac or not.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA.,

February 28, 1863.

Respectfully returned.

The pontoon which arrived at this place was unloaded on the 17th instant, to await the further orders of the major-general commanding.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MID. DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS,

No. 11. Baltimore, Md., February 14, 1863.

I. The following troops of this army corps shall constitute the Third Separate Brigade:

The One hundred and fiftieth Regiment New York Volunteer Infantry,

