
See if you can find where Colonel [J. L.] Davis' cavalry is, and collect all the mounted men you can in your front.

See to the provisions and forage of your men, and animals.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

P. S.-I have just heard that a regiment of cavalry crossed at Ely's Ford. We may be obliged to change our position in consequence of the enemy having come in between us and General Stuart. Make your preparatory arrangements to-night to secure all your property. Leave no more sharpshooters on the river than are absolutely necessary, so as to have as strong a force as possible to strengthen our left.

RICHMOND, VA., April 29, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES, Dublin, Va.:

Hasten the cavalry brigade of General Jenkins for General Lee Gather up as much of that forces as you can immediately, and send them forward, without waiting for others, via Staunton and Gordonsville. The enemy is crossing the Rappahannock at different points in force.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 29, 1863.

Commanding Officer at Staunton, Va.:

Send all your disposable force immediately to Gordonsville, to repel an attack of the enemy on that place. Send all the troops by railroad, and, if necessary, order a special train.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 30, 1863.

Lieutenant General JAMES LONGSTREET, Suffolk, Va.:

Move without delay with your command to this place, to effect a junction with General Lee.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, April 30, 1863.

Brigadier-General JENKINS, Commanding, &amp;c., Salem:

Send forward soon as possible all the men you can mount, via Staumton and Gordonsville, to report to General Stuart, now on the Rapidan river. Gather up your horses as rapidly as possible, mount the men, and send them forward without waiting to join regiments. The necessity is urgent. Put yourself in communication with General Stuart. Lose no time. When can the first of them move?

SAM. JONES,Major-General.

