
SALEM, April 30, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES:

Your dispatch this moment received. I have five companies in Rock-bridge and Augusta Counties. I will send the men there immediately to mount their horses and push on. I have several other companies that I can mount in a day or two. Shall I direct my horses in North and South Carolina to be moved so as to meet my men who can proceed to join them?

At what point can I telegraph General Stuart?

A. G. JENKINS,

Brigadier-General.

FREDERICKSBURG, April 30, 1863.

His Excellency PRESIDENT DAVIS:

Dispatch of 11.30 p.m. yesterday received. General Stuart is supposed to have crossed Rapidan last night, to interrupt enemy's column at Germanna. He cut it in the afternoon near Madden's north of Rapidan. He captured prisoners from Fifth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Corps. Enemy was still crossing the Rappahannock at 5 p.m. yesterday. Wagons and beef-cattle still on north side. Meade, Slocum, and Howard commanded corps. Object evidently to turn our left. If I had Longstreet's division, would feel safe.

R. E. LEE,

[General.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, April 30, 1863-2.30 p.m.

Major General R. H. ANDERSON,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I have received your note of this morning. I will write to General McLaws in relation to Semmes' brigade. I hope you have been able to select a good line and fortify it strongly. At what point will your right rest? Will it include Wilcox's position, and can you draw him on the line?

Set all your spades to work as vigorously as possible. I hope to send you additional troops if I can learn in time; so hold your position firmly, and prepare your line for them. Send me word this evening what additional guns you will require to those you have. Keep two days' rations cooked that the men can carry on their persons, and give orders that everything be prepared to pack your trains and to move off at any moment when ordered. All you baggage, camp equipage, including your headquarters, &amp;c., must be immediately reduced in order to accomplish this.

General Stuart writes that the Third Virginia Cavalry, Colonel [Thomas H.] Owen, and Second North Carolina, Colonel [W. H.] Payne [of the Fourth Virginia Cavalry, temporarily in command], have been ordered to report to me. They are probably on the Plank road; direct them to keep in your front, and to keep you advised of all movements of the enemy, and to delay his progress as much as possible.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

