
PLANK ROAD, 2 MILES FROM CHANCELLORSVILLE, May 1, 1863-4 o'clock.

Major-General STUART,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: The captured prisoners agree in stating that this is Meade's corps with which we are now engaged, and that Howard's corps preceded them across the Rapidan, and has taken some other road. This is the only column that we can find in this direction. What has become of the other two?

Meade appears to be falling back.

I am, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, May 1, 1863-2.30 p.m.

(Received 4 p.m.)

Major-General McLAWS,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say that he is pressing on up the Plank road; also, that you will press on up the turnpike toward Chancellorsville, as the enemy is falling back.

Keep your skirmishers and flanking parties well out, to guard against ambuscade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. MORRISON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, May 1, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN S. WILLIAMS,Saltville:

GENERAL: I received this morning your letter of the 29th ultimo. I have at present quite as large a part of my force on the extreme left of my line as I can spare, and therefore cannot send to you the Forty-fifth [Virginia] Regiment.

I do not wish any portion of the infantry of artillery force pushed beyond Clinch Mountain. When your force is increased, as I hope it soon will be, then may go beyond that range. At present it cannot be done.

Lieutenant E. C. Gordon, ordnance officer, has been assigned to duty with you, and started yesterday to report. Captain [D. B.] Thompson, of the commissary department, has been ordered to report to you, and will be furnished with the necessary funds. I do not wish arms issued to men until they are organized into companies and mustered into service. The rifles which I was notified would be sent to me for you have not been received. The muskets will be sent.

In haste, very respectfully, &c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

