
The enemy attacked Edgar at Lewisburg early this morning. One report is that Edgar's battalion was dispersed and cut up; another, that he repulsed the enemy. The latter comes, and I hope started, latest. It may be that the enemy proposes to push on, if possible, to the railroad. Put yourself in communication with General Echols, and co-operate with him cordially. If Echols is forced back this side of the Salt Sulphur, which I do not anticipate, you must fall back to the Narrows, where you will receive orders. Hold you command in hand, ready to move.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

Major [WILLIAMS] McLAUGHLIN, Narrows:

Send the above dispatches to Echols and McCausland, by couriers, immediately.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, May 2, 1863.

Brigadier-General JENKINS, Salem:

Keep all your men that have not gone for their horses ready to move to New River Bridge, if necessary, at the shortest notice. The enemy attacked Edgar this morning at Lewisburg. They may attempt to send a cavalry raid to the railroad.

SAM. JONES,Major-General.

MILFORD, May 3, 1863.

President DAVIS:

Yesterday General Jackson, with three of his divisions, penetrated to the rear of the enemy, and drove him from all his positions from the Wilderness to within 1 mile of Chancellorsville. He was engaged at the same time in front by two of Longstreet's divisions. This morning the battle was renewed. He was dislodged from all his positions around Chancellorsville, and driven back toward the Rappahannock, over which he is now retreating. Many prisoners were taken, and the enemy's loss in killed and wounded large.

We have again to thank Almighty God for a great victory. I regret to state that General Paxton was killed, General Jackson severely, and Generals Heth and A. P. Hill slighlty, wounded.

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

MILFORD, VA., May 3, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

I request that Ransom's and Pettigrew's brigades be stopped at Hanver Junction, with orders to protect the railroads from the enemy's cavalry.

It is reported that the enemy has crossed at Fredericksburg, and driven back our force that was left there. I have sent back

re-enforcements.

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

