
MAY 3, 1863-3 a.m.

[General J. E. B. STUART:]

GENERAL: It is necessary that the glorious victory thus far achieved be prosecuted the utmost vigor, and the enemy given no time to rally. As soon, therefore, as it is possible, they must be pressed, so that we can unite two wings of the army.

Endeavor, therefore, to disposes them of Chancellorsville, which will permit the union of the whole army.

I shall myself proceed to join you as soon as I can make arrangements on this side, but let nothing delay the completion of the plan of driving the enemy from his rear from his positions.

I shall give orders that every effort be made on this side at daylight aid in the junction.

Very respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General.

MAY 3, 1863-3.30 a.m.

[Major General J. E. B. STUART:]

GENERAL: I repeat what I have said half an hour since. It is all-important that you will still continue pressing to the right, turning, if possible, all the fortified points, in order that we can unit both wings of the army. Keep the troops well together, and press on, on the general plan, which is to work by the right wing, turning the positions of the enemy, so as to drive him from Chancellorsville, which will again unite us. Everything will be done on this side to accomplish the same object. Try and keep the troops provisioned and together, and proceed vigorously.

Very respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, May 3, 1863.

General THOMAS J. JACKSON,Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: I have just received your note, informing me that you were wounded. I cannot express my regret at the occurrence. Could I have directed events, I should have chosen for the good of the country to be disabled in your stead.

I congratulate you upon the victory, which is due to your skill and energy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS BATTLE-FIELD, May 3, 1863-7 p.m.

Major-General EARLY,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I have received your note of this date. I very much regret the possession of Fredericksburg by the enemy. I heard to-day of their taking the hills in rear of the city,and sent down General

49 R R-VOL XXV, PT II

