
Colonel J. H. Ketcham; the One hundred and fifty-first Regiment New York Volunteers Infantry, Colonel William Emerson; the One hundred and thirty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers Infantry, Colonel C. L. K. Sumwalt; the Fourteenth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers Infantry, Colonel W. S. Truex; the Purnell Legion Maryland Volunteer Infantry, Colonel S. A. Graham, the Third Regiment Delaware Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel S. H. Jenkins, commanding; Battery L, Fifth Regiment U. S. Artillery, Captain Chalfin, which is hereby transferred from the Second to the United Separate Brigade.

And all troops that are now or may be hereafter at any time assigned to the protection of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, from Baltimore City to the Monocacy and Frederick City, and on the Washington Branch of that railroad to Annapolis Junction.

II. The brigade now commanded by Brigadier General Henry H. Lockwood, U. S. Volunteers, shall be known as the First Separate Brigade, and the brigade now commanded by Bvt. Brigadier General W. W. Morris, U. S. Army, as the Second Separate Brigade.

III. Brigadier General Henry S. Briggs, U. S. Volunteers, having reported under orders to these headquarters for duty, is assigned to the command of the Third Separate Brigade.

By command of Major-General Schenck:

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

February 15, 1863.

Colonel RUFUS INGALLS, Chief Quartermaster:

The commanding general is informed that one of the boats detailed for the expedition down the Neck from General Reynolds' command was not provided with lighters or small boats to land troops; had no pilot, and drew 2 feet more water than was represented. In consequence of this neglect to comply with the orders for the detail, a portion of the expedition to accomplish the result desired. He desires the name of the officer who is responsible for this neglect of duty to fully comply with the orders issued, that he may be brought to trial and punished.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

February 15, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I inclose herewith a statement of the absentees from this army,* being a consolidated return of the reports made under General Orders, No. 3, a copy of which is inclosed.+ The attention of the commanding general is respectfully solicited to the importance of this statement, showing the number of men on detached service and the number of deserters. I shall forward to your headquarters to-morrow or next day the returns, thus giving the names, descriptive, lists, and localities, as

---------------

* Omitted, in view of summary in last paragraph of letter.

+ See inclosure, Hooker to Halleck, January 30, 1863, p.11.

---------------

