
You will exercise your own judgment in using them. If you are overpowered by superior forces, which I do not anticipate, fall back toward Salt Pond, disputing every favorable foot of the road. In that case, McCausland will fall back to the Narrows.

If the enemy comes in such force as to induce you to believe you cannot prevent their passing over Salt Pond, fall back to the Narrows and unite with McCausland.

Communicate freely with him, in the meantime. He has been ordered to co-operate with you. I am looking impatiently for further news from Lewisburg.

I have the most stirring news from the east. Enemy's cavalry have possession of the Central road at Louisa Court-House and several other points. A general engagement is expected to-day.

The transportation you asked for arrived to-day and will go on

to-morrow. It is in good order.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

CHANCELLORSVILLE, May 4, 1863.

(Received at Richmond May 5.)

His Excellency President DAVIS:

I am in great need of two major-generals. I recommend General R. E. Rodes for D. H. Hill's old division, and request General Elzey be sent to command Trimble's division, unless General Edward Johnson is able for immediate active service. The latter might replace the former at Richmond.

R. E. LEE,

General.

IVOR, May 4, 1863.

Major General ARNOLD ELZEY:

We had a sharp skirmish yesterday. If the enemy does not molest us again, General Hookd's division will be at Ivor early to-morrow. Have the transportation there to meet him.

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

LYNCHBURG, May 4, 1863.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

Two regiments ordered to Farmville, three to Gordonsville. I leave to-day for Gordonsville; have no information; would be glad to hear from Fredericksburg.

WADE HAMPTON,

[Brigadier-General.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, May 4, 1863.

General SAMUEL JONES,

Dublin, Va.:

Use forces in punishing enemy at Lewisburg before sending it to General Lee. General Lee reports a great victory; the enemy driven back

