
on the Rappahannock, and recrossing with heavy loss. General Paxton killed. General Jackson severely, and Generals A. P. Hill and Heth slightly, wounded. Detachments of enemy's cavalry, variously reported in force, engaged in raids from Louisa Court-House to vicinity of Richmond.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, May 4, 1863.

Brigadier-General JENKINS,Salem, Va.:

Five hundred rifles will be sent to you by first train that can carry them. Is Jackson's company of artillery included in the number (400) you have just given me? As they have no field-pieces, they should have some other fire-arms. I can send muskets for Jackson's men. How many do they need?

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

DUBLIN, May 4, 1863.

Brigadier-General JENKINS,

Salem, Va.:

I will send the muskets for Jackson.

The enemy reported at Columbia yesterday will probably move to Farmville to destroy bridge. From there they may attempt to go east to Suffolk, or circle round toward Lynchburg to regain their base.

On the other hand, the enemy may be attempting to strike this road, from the Kanawha.

About 800 cavalry attacked Edgar at Lewisburg early on morning of 2nd; he repulsed them, and at 5 p.m. on 2nd, enemy had fallen back about 5 miles; indications were that they would renew the attack with increased force. Have your men in readiness to move either toward Lynchburg or this place, as may be necessary.

[P. C.] Warwick, one of my aides, telegraphs from Richmond that Lee has gained a glorious victory in rear of enemy.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, May 5, 1863.

General R. E. LEE:

The President received your telegram, which was sent by courier from Hanover Junction. We are most anxious for fuller and latter intelligence. The enemy's cavalry in detachments, varying in numbers from 500 to 2,000, reported by General W. H. F. Lee to be twenty-seven regiments, have been making raids from Louisa Court-House to Columbia; in Goochland; to Ashland, Hungary Station, Hanover Court-House; the line of the Central Railroad to the Chickahominy. They have been hovering around the city with two or three regiments, apparently menacing attack, probably covering escape of all down the Peninsula. We have force to protect the bridges over the Annas and to defend the city, but want cavalry to punish the marauders. Hood's division is

