
the main force in reserve, ready to support the points that may be threatened. You have enough, if you have artillery in your forts, with the field batteries in reserve, to drive off any cavalry. We have here, perhaps, 200 men, but we are arming the citizens. As I think you comparatively safe, I shall remain here for the present, to try and prevent this place falling into the hands of the enemy. Some of my troops marched 34 miles the night before last, and all marched all night and nearly all day and night last night, so they must be somewhat scattered. I will hurry them up as rapidly as possible. Hood is not yet at Ivor.

Send out citizens in all directions, to try and have all roads blocked by them by which the enemy may effect his retreat. Felling trees thickly, particularly in the streams, may prevent the escape of the enemy. Try and get this to the citizens everywhere, particularly in the direction of Gordonsville, and even farther up, north and west.

I shall endeavor to do the same about here and through North Carolina. Try to left General Stuart know that we are trying to have all roads thus blocked.

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

RIDDEL'S SHOP, VA., May 5, 1863-8 p.m.

Captain J. LOUIS SMITH, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have just received your communication conveying General Elzey's order for me to follow and harass the enemy, &amp;c. The extreme exhaustion of my men and teams, the darkness, and the inclemency of the weather, compel me to halt here to-night. I will move early to-morrow morning to Turner's bridge, and by that route in the direction of Tunstall's. Colonel [W. P.] Shingler is with me. His cavalry or some other is almost indispensable to me. Colonel Shingler is, you know, my senior.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. TABB,

Colonel, Commanding.

[P. S.]-Colonel Shingler will move with me unless otherwise ordered. My quartermaster will be in Richmond to-morrow, to draw forage for my regiment and the cavalry, and have it sent to Dispatch. My rations are also nearly out. My commissary is in Richmond, with leave. My commissary sergeant, I am afraid, is captured. Colonel Shingler will also want rations. The commands together number about 500 men. Please order these stores to be in readiness, that there may be no delay.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,No. 108. Richmond, May 5, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*

XIII. General Pettigrew will immediately proceeded personally to Hanover Junction, and assume command at that place, directing his attention particularly to the protection of the bridges on North and South Anna.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

