HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, May 5, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN ECHOLS,Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: I am highly gratified at the result of the affair at Lewisburg on the morning of the 2nd instant. It shows what good, determined in infantry, well handled, can to against a superior force of cavalry.

Hurry Lieutenant-Colonel Edgar in forwarding his report. I hope it will be as brief and modest as his conduct and that of his battalion was gallant and meritorious. I shall not fail to notice it in general orders, and bring it to the special of the War Department. Captain [John P.] Sheffey, Eighth Virginia Cavalry, has just arrived with his company, and will be pushed on to you as soon as his horses are shod. Captain [W. N.] Harman's company ought to have reached the turnpike in Montgomery Couty yesterday. I have ordered him to report to you at Lewisburg, taking the shortest route from the point where the order finds him. Captain Sheffey's company is small at present; many men are absent collecting their horses. They will be sent forward as soon as they come in. Other companies of the Eighth Regiment will be sent to Greenbrier as soon as possible. Chapman's battery shall be supplied with horses as soon as they are brought in. The quartermaster is collecting his horses, which have been out to forage for the winter. His battery will be among the first supplied. In the meantime I have directed him to go forward to Lewisburg with a section, if his horses are enough in condition to draw it.

The secretary of War telegraphed me last evening that General Lee reports a great victory; the enemy driven back on the Rappahannock, and recrossing with heavy loss; General Paxton killed; General Jackson severely wounded; Generals A. P. Hill and Heth slightly; detachments of enemy's cavalry, variously estimated in force, engaged in raids from Louisa Court-House to the vicinity of Richmond.

The telegraph reports 10,000 of the enemy's cavalry in Georgia on a raid to Rome. Another reports is that Forrest has captured 1,600 of the 10,000. Numbers greatly exaggerated, I presume.

In hast, yours, very truly,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

NEAR CHANCELLORSVILLE, VIA FREDERICKSBURG, May 6, 1863.

Hon. SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: General Hooker did not recross the Rappahannock after his defeat on Sunday, but retreated to a strong position in front of the United States Ford, where he is now fortifying himself, with a view, I presume, of holding a position this side of the Rappahannock. I understand from prisoners that he is awaiting

re-enforcements, and that, among others, General Heintzelman is expected. I have received none of the troops ordered from shout of the James River.

I particularly requested Ransom's division; half of it, Cooke's brigade, is in South Carolina, where it is not wanted. Nor are more troops required there than are sufficient to support the batteries. I had hoped that Longstreet would have been here before this time.

General D. H. Hill has ordered up Pettigrew's brigade. If it is sent

