
up in place of Ransom's, I do not want it. I hope every effort will be made to restore the railroads, else we shall have to abandon this country.

Very respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, May 6, 1863.

General D. H. HILL,

Goldsborough, N. C.:

General Lee urges you should send him Ransom's division. Do so, if you can, with any safety. Hooker remains on the south side of the Rappahannock, in a strong position at the Mine Ford. General Longstreet arrived here last night. His forces are yet in Petersburg.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, May 6, 1863.

General LEE,

Near Chancellorsville, Va.:

General Hill sent Pettigrew's brigade only. Part were forwarded to the Anna bridges, and part retained for defense of the city. Ransom's division - Cooke's brigade having been returned - all in North Carolina. I have telegraphed General Hill to send them to you, if he can. General Longstreet reached here last night. His forces in part were then in Petersburg, resting from long march. A train with escort and provisions was sent yesterday evening. All possible effort shall be made to keep open the railroad and supply you.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS, May 6, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter by Mr. King. Mr. K.left before I could have any conversation with him. Captain Minor reports this morning that the fight reported by him yesterday at Columbia lacks confirmation. General Hampton ordered to unite his force with that of Captain Minor, and, with the main force to hover on the enemy's rear with small, select parties, to block all roads that the enemy's rear with small, select parties, to block all roads that the enemy can take in retiring, and use every other means of detaining the enemy until we may be able to set out a force that may destroy the enemy's column. General W. H. F. Lee and General Pettigrew are ordered to keep out their scouts, and endeavor to intercept the passage back of the enemy's cavalry, and to have all of his road blocked by felling trees in his way.

I remain, most respectfully,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

