
the Virginia Central, 12 o'clock in direction of Raccon Ford. To-day he has been crossing the Plank road leading from Orange to Fredericksburg.

Down to the ford we have been operating upon his flank and rear with some success, but his main body has been too large for me with my small body of cavalry to make any impression.

W. H. F. LEE,

Brigadier-General.

BEAVER DAM, May 7, 1863.

Major-General ELZEY:

GENERAL: Stoneman's command recrossed the Central Railroad day before yesterday, near Frederick's Hall. Last night camped at Holliday's Mills, on the North Anna, near Louisa Court-House, apparently returning the way they came.

Respectfully,

ROGER A. PRYOR,

Brigadier-General.

MILFORD, May 7, 1863.

Major-General ELZEY,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

We have got here on our return, but the president of the road has ordered all trains to be stopped here for further orders.

Can't I come on to Richmond?

W. S. W.[R. T. W.] DUKE.

CAMP ON MECHANICSVILLE ROAD, May 7, 1863-4 p.m.

Major-General ELZEY,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I have received the report of Colonel Tabb, with his battalion and one section of artillery. The men are very weary and weather-beaten by their march, and I will rest them until morning. Colonel Shingler has not reported as yet. I will endeavor promptly to cover the Osborne turnpike and Williamsburg road, in addition to the Mechanicsville and Meadow Bridge roads, but the Twenty-sixth Virginia, Forty-fourth North Carolina, and six companies of the Fifty-ninth [Virginia], one section of artillery, and [L. J.] Hawlet's company of cavalry are all the forces I now have under my command. If the Fourth and Forty-sixth [Virginia] in full, with my two batteries of artillery, are returned to me, I can easily cover theses roads, and defend them against a large cavalry force. This morning I advanced one company of the Twenty-sixth beyond Meadow Bridge, and placed two more companies in supporting distance, i the redoubts this side the Chickahominy. In the rear of these, on the same (Meadow Bridge) road, is a company of the Forty-fourth North Carolina, and immediately in their rear is the remainder of the Forty-fourth, under Major [Charles M.] Stedman. In advance farther, for several miles across the Chickahominy, are 16 cavalry scouts from Hawley's company. On this road are the Twenty-sixth and Fifty-ninth, with a cavalry picket from Hawley's company

