
at Mechanicsville, and scouts beyond toward the Pamunkey and Tunstall's Station. To-morrow morning I will send Colonel Tabb to the Williamsburg road and Osborne turnpike. Colonel Tabb brought me a verbal message from you to prepare my whole brigade for active service. That I will do as far as I can with the few corps of my command left to me. If I am to prepares for any other active duty than that upon which we now are, I respectfully ask that I may be allowed to prepare my whole brigade, embracing every company of each regiment and Major Stark's batteries. May I ask what other active duty, if any? Shall I recall my companies with the working parties on the railroads as soon as the work is finished?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

[MAY 7, 1863.-For Jones to Maury, in reference to Burnside's movements, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XXIII, Part II, p.823.]
HEADQUARTERS, May 8, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to return herewith a letter and dispatch from General Lee. All of our reports represent the enemy's main cavalry force returning to the Rappahannock by the same or nearly the same route as that he came. I fear that no effort has been made by our forces or citizens to obstruct his routes.

I am, sir, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

[P. S.]-I received a dispatch from General R. E. Lee, asking the arrangements that I have ordered in reference to his communication with this city.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, May 8, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,President of the Confederate States:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the 4th instant, conveying your thanks in the name of the people to the troops of this army for the victories which they have just achieved. In the name of the army, I thank you for this expression of your approbation.

I have caused your letter to be embodied in a general order,* and it will, no doubt, be very gratifying to our brave men.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

---------------

*See General Orders, No. 59, May 7, 1863, in General Lee's report, Part I, p.805.

---------------

50 R R-VOL XXV, PT II

