HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, May 8, 1863.

Major General R. H. ANDERSON,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to say that Major-General Hooker has made arrangements to send supplies for his wounded, with surgeons, to Bank's Ford, and if you have relieved General Semmes with one of your brigades, you will authorize the commander of the latter to allow the passage of such as are intended for the wounded near Salem Church; those for the wounded near Chancellorsville must cross at the United States Ford. As the supplies may have already reached the ford, it will be necessary to notify the officer in command very early in the morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, May 8, 1863.

Major General LAFAYETTE McLAWS,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to say that Major-General Hooker has arranged to transport the wounded of his army in and about Fredericksburg across the rive in boats, and that he will have a party with boats opposite the Lacy house at 8 a.m. to-morrow. You will authorize the officer in command in Fredericksburg to allow the passage. Medical supplies for his wounded, with surgeons, have also been sent to Banks' Ford. If General Semmes is still there, you will authorize him to allow such to cross as are intended for the wounded in the neighborhood of Salem Church; those for Chancellorsville must across at United State Ford.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, May 8, 1863.

Major General A. P. HILL,Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: Your letter of March 11, 1863, was forwarded to the Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, with the following remarks, a copy of which was sent you at the time:

HEADQUARTERS, March 20, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the Adjutant and Inspector General, for decision.

My desire is to have the question decided correctly for the information of all.

My opinion is, that my chiefs of staff, in executing general orders in relation to this army, can properly give direction to their subordinates in each corps relating to their several departments without my sending the order directly to the corps commander, and so down. It is the duty of the corps staff officer, on receiving these directions, to apprise the corps commander; so of the division staff officers.

If any objection to their execution exists, the commanders should apprise their principals, and, if necessary, suspend the execution till sustained. Otherwise I shall have to give all direction, and the corps and division commanders, &amp;c., have to attend to all the staff operations of their commands in addition to their military operations, which, in the field, in time of action, &c., may be the cause of delay and loss, and at least half of the advantages of the general staff impaired.

