
FREDERICKSBURG, May 10, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

It becomes my melancholy duty to announce to you the death of General Jackson. He expired at 3.15 p.m. to-day. His body will be conveyed to Richmond in the train to-morrow, under charge of Major Pendleton, assistant adjutant-general. Please direct an escort of honor to meet it at the depot, and that suitable arrangements be made for its disposition.

R. E. LEE,

General.

RICHMOND, VA., May 11, 1863.

General R. E. LEE:

DEAR GENERAL: A great national calamity has befallen us, and I sympathize with the sorrow you feel and the embarrassment you must experience. The announcement of the death of General Jackson following frequent assurances that he was doing very well, and though the loss was one which would have been deeply felt under any circumstances, the shock was increased by its suddenness.

There is sincere mourning here, and it will extend throughout the land as the intelligence is received.

Your friend,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, May 11, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,President of the Confederate States:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I judge from the tone of the Northern papers that it is the intention of the administration at Washington to re-enforce the army of General Hooker. The Chronicle, the Herald, and the World state this positively. The latter represents that General Heintzelman is ordered to re-enforce it with 30,000 men, and that 18,000 are ordered to it from other quarters. A scout from Old Point reports that the whole of the force at Fort Monroe, except 400 men, have left that place. Only 8,000 are at Suffolk. The rest of the force have been sent to re-enforce General Hooker. General D. H. Hill forwards reports of May 9, from which I judge that troops are being sent from New Berne, and General Longstreet thinks it probable, from what he has heard, that some of General Hunter's army will be brought on from South Carolina. I suppose these are the sources from which the 18,000 men mentioned in the New York papers are to be obtained. It would seem, therefore, that Virginia is to be the theater of action, and this army, if possible, ought to be strengthened.

If I could get in a position to advance beyond the Rappahannock, I should certainly draw their troops from the southern coasts, and give some respite in that quarter.

I propose, for your consideration, to place General D. H. Hill in command of the department between James River and Cape [Fear] River, and to draw from it Ransom's and [M.] Jenkins' brigade. I do not know what force has been left in the Department of South Carolina, Georgia,

