HDQRS. ARTILLERY, SECOND CORPS, May 11, 1863.

Brigadier General WILLIAM N. PENDLETON,Chief of Artillery, Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: Your note is received. I have to report that orders have twice been issued to battalion commanders to reorganize and refit as rapidly as possible. This is being done. Many guns which could be manned are unserviceable for want of horses. Should there be an immediate call, the following number of guns can be carried into services.

Colonel Walker, fourteen guns in camp and four on picket on right.

Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, eight guns in camp and four on picket on left.

Lieutenant-Colonel Carter, thirteen guns in camp and three at repair train.

Lieutenant-Colonel Andrews, fourteen guns in camp.

Major Hardway, twelve guns in camp and hour on picket in center.

Major McIntosh, fourteen guns in camp.

Making a total of eighty-seven guns for service, and three to be ready in a few days.

I have sent out 2 men from each battalion to by horses, amply supplied with money, with directions also to offer as inducement the sale of condemned horses in any neighborhood where horses can be bought. This was done by authority of Colonel Corley.

I shall use every exertion to have the artillery of the corps in good order as quickly as possible, but I am sure you concur with me in the necessity of properly fitting out the batteries as soon as possible, as imperfect transportation for gun-carriages at the commencement of the campaign will necessarily cripple them during its whole continuance.

Please notify me of any omission in steps for refitting, &amp;c. I will report further progress.

Very respectfully,

J. THOMPSON BROWN,

Colonel, and Acting Chief of Artillery, Second Corps.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

No. 61. May 11, 1863.

With deep grief, the commanding general announces to the army the death of Lieutenant General T. J. Jackson, who expired on the 10th instant, at 3.15 p.m. The daring, skill, and energy of this great and good soldier, by the decree of an all-wise Providence, are now lost to us. But while we mourn his death, we feel that his spirit still lives, and will inspire the whole army with his indomitable courage and unshaken confidence in God as our hope and our strength. Let his name be a watchword to his corps, who have followed him to victory on so many fields. Let officers and soldiers emulate his invincible determination to do everything in the defense of our beloved country.

R. E. LEE,

General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF W. VA.,

Dublin, May 11, 1863.

Colonel JOHN McCAUSLAND,

Commanding Forth Brigade, Princeton, Va.:

COLONEL: I have in contemplation to move forward your brigade to the strong position on Piney, this side of Raleigh Court-House. I have

