
ordered forward Bryan's battery and a company of cavalry to report to you as you requested, and the battalion of the Sixtieth [Virginia] Regiment, now at the Narrows, will rejoin the regiment as soon as its place can be supplied.

Your draught horses are not yet in condition to enable you to move forward to the position indicated. Inform me when your horses will probably be in good, serviceable condition. Some additional transportation can be furnished you from here if you need it.

You will observe that this is marked confidential.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, May 12, 1863.

General SAMUEL JONES,

Dublin, Va.:

General Maury telegraphs East Tennessee to be in imminent danger of invasion by very superior forces. Do your plans allow you to so arrange your forces as to send re-enforcements or go to the rescue?

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

DUBLIN, May 12, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON:

Your telegram received. I cannot send re-enforcements to East Tennessee without leaving the salt-works and this line of railroad unguarded.

Please see my letter of the 2nd instant to General Cooper. It will inform you fully of my means and views in regard to sending

re-enforcments of retaining my force where it is or sending it to Tennessee. May I ask a prompt answer?

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, May 12, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: Will you allow me to add my congratulations and thanks to the many you no doubt have received, and will yet receive, for the signal victories which Almighty God gave you and your noble army on the 2nd, 3rd and 4th instant?

Whilst in common with every citizen of the Confederacy I am a debtor to you and your army, I am sure that no friend of yours is more sincerely gratified that I am at the new laurels you individually have won. Long may you lie do wear and add to them.

I dislike to mingle business with my congratulations, but I am greatly in want of the regiment (Fiftieth Virginia) which I sent to you

