
which greatly impedes his march. It is also reported that the enemy has moved an additional regiment to Summerville to intercept him.

Perhaps the regiment went from Fayetteville. If it did not, it is more than probable that one will be sent from there to Summerville, or some other point, to intercept Imboden, and recapture the property he has collected.

I wish you to move forward with your whole available force and threaten Fayetteville, and prevent them from detaching any part of their force to go in the direction of Summerville. If they have already detached a large part of their force from Fayetteville, you may be able to drive off or capture what is left. But the occupation of Fayetteville is not of sufficient importance to us now to justify an attack on that place if it is likely to be seriously resisted. You will, therefore, not attack the place, or even put the main part of your force within range of their guns, unless the indications are unmistakable that the place will fall into your hands with or no resistance. The object of your move is purely to engage the enemy's attention, and if he has so weakened his force at Fayetteville as to expose that place to easy capture, to profit by it. Lose no time, and inform me when you start.

The battalion of the Sixtieth [Virginia] will join you in a day or so.

Very respectfully,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

[MAY 13, 1863.-For Jones to Buckner, in reference to Marshall's command, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XXIII, Part II, p.835.]

RICHMOND, VA., May 14, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Fredericksburg, Va.:

General D. H. Hill, now here, proposes to exchange Daniel's brigade-2,500 effective, and has on its rolls over 3,000 - for a skeleton brigade in your command, say, Rodes' former brigade, or some other. Are you disposed to make the exchange? Please answer immediately by telegraph.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

No. 63. May 14, 1863.

The practice which prevails in the army of including in the list of casualties those cases of slight injuries which do not incapacitate the recipients for duty, is calculated to mislead our friends, and encourage our enemies by giving false impressions as to the extent of our losses.

The loss sustained by a brigade or regiment is by no means an indication of the magnitude of the service performed or perils encountered, as experience shows that those whose attack most rapidly, vigorously, and effectually generally suffer least. It is, therefore, ordered that in future the reports of the wounded shall only include those whose injuries, in the opinion of the medical officers, render them unfit for duty.

