
and ammunition, and relieve him of his encumbrances in the way of trains and cattle or any other property which he wishes to send to the rear, and secure it all, leaving him (Imboden) free and unincumbered to carry out my instructions.

Lieutenant Colonel Derrick's train left the Narrows this morning, loaded with flour for Lewisburg. I have ordered Captain De L'Isle to load five wagons at the Narrows with flour, and send them immediately to Lewisburg, and ten wagons will start from here this evening with flour and ammunition, to replace that you sent from Lewisburg.

In haste, very respectfully,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, May 14, 1863.

Colonel JOHN MCCAUSLAND:

COLONEL: Since writing to you this morning, I have information direct from Imboden as late as the night of the 9th instant. He was then at Bulltown, Braxton County.

Brigadier General W. E. Jones had left Weston, on the Parkersburg orad, to destroy the railroad between Clarksburg and Parkersburg. That done, Jones and Imboden will unite, if practicable, at Summerville. Imboden says he will then be ready to move on Charleston or any other point I may direct.

I will direct him, if his men are in condition to continue the expedition, to move from Summerville, and strike the Kanawha Valley at or near Montgomery's Ferry; clear out the Kanawha Valley as far as Charleston, if he can; then cross over, and co-operate with you at Fayetteville.

You will see the importance, colonel, of your moving promptly. If the enemy hear, as they doubtless will, that Imboden is moving on Summerville and you on Fayetteville, I think it more than probable they will evacuate the latter place and endeavor to reach Charleston. I will inform Imboden of the instructions I have given you, and direct him, if practicable, to communicate with you.

In haste, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, May 15, 1863.

General R. E. LEE, Richmond, Va.:

If the movements of the enemy south are confirmed, will you do me the favor to send General Pickett orders to move up toward the Junction, or other convenient point? A regiment of General Pettigrew's was left in North Carolina and one in Richmond. They should be sent to their brigade.

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

SHOCCO SPRINGS, N. C., May 15, 1863.

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: I am so near recovery from the severe attack of camp erysipelas, that my return to duty is looked forward to with much eagerness.

51 R R-VOL XXV, PT II

