
I therefore respectfully ask to be placed in some command in your Army of Norther Virginia, where I may, in your opinion, be most useful to our cause.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. R. TRIMBLE.
HEADQUARTERS CABELL'S BATTALION, May 15, 1863.

Brigadier General WILLIAM N. PENDLETON:

GENERAL: In compliance with your order, this day received, I have the honor to submit the following in reply:

Captain McCarthy's battery has two 3-inch rifles and two 6-pounder guns; is expecting two Napoleon guns; for a long time has been first on the list; 54 horses, 12 unserviceable; requires 12 additional horses; should also have 6 spare horses; one 4-horse wagon and team in good condition; the other two wagons are subject to orders of quartermaster of battalion.

Captain Manly's battery has one 3-inch rifle and two 12-pounder howitzers. He turned over to Ordnance Department at Richmond three 6-pounder bronze guns, and expects three Napoleon guns in exchange for them; 90 horses, 20 unserviceable; requires 20 additional horses to supply deficiency; has two 4-horse wagons; two are subject to order of quartermaster of battalion.

Captain Carlton's battery has two 10-pounder Parrotts and one 12-pounder howitzer; has turned over to Ordnance Department at Richmond two 6-pounder bronze guns, and expects two in exchange for them; 73 battery horses, 12 unserviceable; requires 28 horses; also requires 12 extra horses; one forge required; three wagons on hand in good condition, with 12 mules, 7 of which are unserviceable; therefore needs 7 mules.

Captain Fraser has one 10-pounder Parrott, one 3-inch rifle, and one 12-pounder howitzer; one 12-pounder Blakely gun expected; 46 service-able battery horses, 6 unserviceable; one forge on hand; 4 horses for forge on hand; three wagons on hand, with 12 animals; requires 5 horses to replace those lost in action, May 3, 1863.

The battalion also requires 1 horse for sergeant-major, 1 horse for mounted courier, 1 horse for forage-master, 1 horse for wagon-master, 1 horse for quartermaster-sergeant-5 horses. This, with 83 horses above required, makes 88 horses to be supplied to the battalion.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,HENRY COALTER CABELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 116. Richmond, Va., May 15, 1863.

* * * *

VIII. Major General G. E. Pickett will move forward immediately with his command, and take position at Hanover Junction.

* * * *

X. The artillery battalion attached to Drewry's Bluff, and the officers and crew of the gunboat Richmond, recently ordered to this city, will return immediately to their former commands.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

