HDQRS. ARTILLERY, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 19, 1863.

Colonel E. P. ALEXANDER:

COLONEL: Owing to your being so far off, I find perplexity in communicating with you. As we do to hear by railroad, I infer you are seeking a good place nearer. This will be well. General Lee wishes the artillery in the best condition for service without an hour's delay, and ready to move at very condition for service without an hour's delay, and ready to move at very short notice. Please bear this in mind. Horses are our great difficulty. you know this so well that suggestion as to the best care of yours must be almost superfluous. The two guns, 20-pounder Parrotts of Rhett's battery, on this front are all ready for you, only at present they had better remain near the front; the other one, which was sent to Guiney's for lack of horses and ammunition, you had better get the very moment you have horses for it. you were mistaken in supposing I would favor another company at the expense of one of yours. It was an emergency requiring, as you would generally admit, I know, just the course I adopted. Please let me have by Thursday a report, giving your batteries, guns, transportation, men, hose, ordnance trains, and all important particulars. Let me know where you will be.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

P. S.-Your messenger had just arrived. He tells me you are 2 miles below Bowling Green. This is a long, long way, but as the grazing is, I believe, very good, I will not insist on your moving. General Lee thinks it too far, as myself. To your camp and back is a great trail to horseflesh, and to inform you in time of a movement will be nearly a day's work. The examining board and court-martial are also both nullified by the distance. Still, now you are there, make the best of it. Manage if you can to report, as asked, Thursday, and afterward as you find practicable, at least weekly.
HEADQUARTERS,May 19, 1863.

Colonel CABELL,

Commanding Battalion of Artillery:

COLONEL: I was surprised to find to-day that your battalion had not been removed. I thought you clearly understood the views which I expressed in our conversation a few days ago, as the direction also of the commanding general, viz, that there no longer exists a fixed relation between any infantry division and any one artillery battalion. To prevent the continuance of the idea of any such relation, and to bring your battalion more into association with the others, so as to secure more through unity of administration in the artillery of the First Corps, and at the same time to get your horses into new pasturage. I wished you to secure a good camp back on the Telegraph road, toward or beyond Massaponax Church.

Colonel Walton, chief of artillery, First Corps, complains that he gets no returns from you, and cannot learn where you are. Please communicate with him at once. He is on Stanard's farm, a few miles below Massaponax Church. Your report should come through him.

General Lee wishes all the artillery ready to move and for efficient

