
service any day. You will please arrange according to these views as soon as practicable.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &amp;c.

P. S.-Let me have by Thursday, if you please, a report of your guns, batteries, horses, ordnance train, transportation, men, and all important particulars. Do not forget the recommendation for Captain [J. C.] Fraser's battery.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 19, 1863.

Colonel WALKER,

Commanding Artillery, Third Corps, Army of Northern Virginia:

COLONEL: The commanding general has just expressed to me his views. He wishes the artillery gotten in the best possible condition for service without an hour's delay, and ready to move at very short notice. You will have notified all the battalion commanders of your corps, and exercise the most careful supervision you can over them all. The need of good grazing requires the battalions to be somewhat scattered, but let not this prevent you keeping them all constantly within call and under regular inspection, so that you will know always the strength, &c., of each battery. Be able to report with precision every particular, and have at command the whole force when required. I understand several Napoleons will be received from Richmond in a day or two. Please send me by Thursday a detailed report of every battalion, giving its batteries, the guns, transportation, men, horses, ordnance train, and entire equipment of each, and let me know where your own headquarters will be.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General, &c.

(Same to Colonel Walton, chief of artillery, First Corps, Army of Northern Virginia.)
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 135. May 19, 1863.

* * * * *

X. Brigadier General James A. Walker will report to Major General A. P. Hill, commanding Second Corps, for assignment to the command of the brigade formerly commanded by Brigadier-General Paxton.

XI. Brigadier General William Smith will report to Major General A. P. Hill, commanding Second Corps, for assignment to the command of the brigade formerly commanded by General Early.

* * * * *

By command of General R. E. Lee:

[W. H. TAYLOR,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

