
II. Flags of truce from the enemy will not be permitted to pass beyond the outer pickets, or a line equidistant from the line of skirmishers of both armies, when opposed in battle. The commanding officer of the outer pickets, or skirmishers nearest to the flag, will receive and send its communications to the commanding general of the forces present. Flags in no instance will be received and acted upon by subordinate commanders, but, in every case, be referred to the commanding general of the forces engaged. While awaiting reply, no persons will be permitted to leave their posts, or to hold intercourse with those in charge of the flag, and, as a precautionary measure, the latter should be required to return to their own line of skirmishers.

Ordinarily, Paragraph 627, Army Regulations, determines the course to be pursued toward those bearing a flag of truce.

By command of General Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 137. May 21, 1863.

* * * * *

VI. Brigadier General John M. Jones will report to Major General A. P. Hill, commanding Second Army Corps, for assignment to the brigade of Johnson's division lately commanded by Brigadier General J. R. Jones.

* * * * *

By command of General R. E. Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FREDERICKSBURG,

May 22, 1863.

General ARNOLD ELZEY,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Captain [Edward W.] Capps, Fifteenth Virginia Cavalry, on duty in King William County, reports that Mr. Davis, whose home is at West Point, and who at this time is employed in the Confederate Navy, has been noticing the movements of the enemy, and states that they have left in part. Three transports left on the 15th loaded with troops.

There appears now to be there two squadrons of cavalry, one company of artillery, and a small portion of infantry.

About 1,000 negroes are at work on the intrenchments. All the gun boats and transports have left except two. They appear o be ferry boats.

Have you received intelligence corroborating this, or can you ascertain what is the condition of things?

I was reported yesterday that four gunboats were ascending the Rappahannock, and had come within 12 miles of Rappahannock. Milroy has recrossed the mountains and returned to the Valley. Our scouts north of the Rappahannock report indications of another move on the part of General Hooker. Seven pieces of artillery and some infantry have reached Stafford Court-House from Dumfries. Heintzelman is

