
SEC. 8. That the monthly pay of the engineer troops shall be as follows. Of a colonel, $210; of a lieutenant-colonel, $185; of a major, $162; of a captain, $140; of a per month in addition to his pay as lieutenant.

SEC. 9. That the pay of the enlisted men per month shall be as follows: The sergeant-major and quartermaster-sergeant, each $21; sergeants, $34; corporals $20; artificers, $17; laborers and musicians, $13.

SEC. 10. That mounted engineer troops may be selected from the cavalry, and be organized according to the provisions of this act, for engineer troops, as hereinbefore specified.

II. The method of selection and organization under the foregoing act shall be as follows:

1. The senior engineer officer serving with the commanding general of a department will be authorized by him to organize the engineer companies of the command.

2. Persons recommended by the Engineer Bureau to be appointed as company officers to the respective companies, when organized, will be directed to report to the senior officer of engineers in the department, who, aided by them and subject to the approval of the commanding, general, shall select from specified divisions, in consultation with their commanders, the required number of men to form the companies.

3. The selections shall be distributed as equally as practicable among all the companies of a division, regard begin had to the efficiency of the engineer service. preference shall be given to volunteers for this special service, provided they possess the requisite qualifications.

4. The non-commissioned officers of each company shall be selected, and the privates classified into artificers and laborers, by the person selected to organize it, subject to the approval of the senior officer of engineer troops, as soon as appointed.

5. The Chief of the Engineer Bureau, after naming the companies and designating to which regiment they shall be assigned, will recommend to the War Department the appointment of company and field officers.

6. Two of the companies of each regiment shall be selected by the senior field officer of engineer troops, subject to the approval of the Chief of the Engineer Bureau, as companies of pontoniers, but, unless provided with bridge trains, to serve as the other companies.

7. Whenever the number of non-commissioned officers and privates falls below 60 in any company, it shall be recruited to its maximum number, as hereinbefore specified.

8. In lieu of the usual return of officers and hired men required of engineer officers, returns of officers and enrolled men, showing the present, absent, and sick, shall be forwarded monthly by the senior field officer of each regiment to the Chief of the Engineer Bureau, who will furnish blank forms for the purpose.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Salt Sulphur Springs, May 22, 1863.

Colonel MCCAUSLAND,

Commanding:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to say that he has not heard from your command since the 17th instant. No forward

