
movement will be made at present from the direction of Lewisburg, and he therefore wishes you to fall back to Piney, and there establish yourself. Please communicate to headquarters at Dublin Depot without delay.

Your obedient servant,

WM. B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHER VIRGINIA,May 23, 1863.

Brigadier General J. D. IMBODEN,

Commanding Northwestern Virginia Brigade:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 18th instant has been received.

I am much gratified at the success of your expedition, and especially pleased that your loss was so small.

The captured and purchased property I desire you to turn over to the proper officers in the Department of the Valley, in order that they may be accounted for and held ready for orders as they may be needed.

I wish you to bring your command, by easy marches, to a good position in the Valley (the Shenandoah Mountain or some other position), where you can keep strict watch on the movements of the enemy, and refresh and rest the men and animals.

I wish you to have your force ready for active operations as soon as possible, and to relax nothing in watchfulness, as the enemy will be very apt to endeavor to return the compliment which General Jones and yourself have paid them.

Did the two regiments from this army recruit their numbers, and to what extent? Major-General Jones has called ;for his regiment sent here to fill their places, and I must get them back before I can restore his to the Army of Southwestern Virginia.

Please send me, as soon as possible, an exact report of the number or recruits obtained; also of what regiments they joined. I hope they may continue to come in as the summer advances.

The cattle you can turn over to Major [B. P.] Nolan, commissary of subsistence, or to some agent of the commissary and subsistence department in your vicinity, to be held for the use of the army, and report the number to Colonel Cole, commissary of subsistence of this army, as I wish them of this army especially.

The quartermaster's stores, horses, &amp;c., you can turn over to that department, making special requisition for that portion of it which you deem necessary for your command, and report it all to Colonel Corley, chief quartermaster of this army.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 23, 1863.

Brigadier General W. E. JONES,

Commanding Valley District:

GENERAL: I have heard of your safe arrival in Staunton with your brigade.

I am much gratified with the success of your expedition, and especially

