
that you have accomplished so much with so little loss to your command.

In a letter of may 20, I gave directions as to the disposal of the beef-cattle, horses, &amp;c., which you brought back with you.

I desire you to join General Stuart, by easy marches, as soon as you can, giving your men and horses proper rest and refreshment.

General Jenkins will relieve your cavalry pickets in the Valley, so as to leave your whole cavalry brigade free to move.

General Stuart's headquarters are for the present at Culpeper Court-House.

Bring with you your transportation and equipment for service in the field for the summer's campaign ont his side of the mountains, and pay particular attention to the thorough organization of your command.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHER VIRGINIA,Fredericksburg, May 23, 1863.

General J. E. B. STUART:

GENERAL: I received yesterday your notes of the 21st. As regards the enemy, it is difficult for me to determine his intentions. It is clear he is obtaining all the re-enforcements he can. I suppose he will make another move when he is ready. I should like to forestall him. In that hope, I wish you to collect and recruit your cavalry as much as possible, and think it wise to be quiet and watchful for a little time. I do not wish you to let an opportunity escape of dealing the enemy a blow should one offer, but think you had better not undertake an expedition at present.

Devote your attention to the organization and recuperation of your command, of which I wish a detailed report, giving the number of regiments, their strength, officers, condition, &c., and the brigades to which attached.

Colonel Gorgas informed me he would send you 1,000 marine carbines. Colonel Baldwin thinks he can collect 500 our of this army, with some carbines. I wish all the bayonets returned to Richmond.

As to artillery horses, I fear none can be given you. The horses brought in by General W. E. Jones, I understand, have to be put in condition for service before they can be used. We are unable to supply teams for the medical wagons, ambulances,and ammunition trains of the army. You have increased your artillery, when it is a question whether we shall not have to reduce the guns in the army. Four guns to a battery of horse artillery is as much as we can horse and maintain, as far as I can now see. If efficient, it is probably as much as necessary.

I have directed General W. E. Jones to join you as soon as relieved by Jenkins' cavalry.

I am delighted to hear that Beckham is doing so well. I shall be glad to recommend his promotion when an opportunity occurs. I think rank of but trivial importance, so that it is sufficient for the individual to exercise command. I believe that is the case in his instance.

I am glad to hear that Lomax is so highly considered.

I wished to leave Robertson in North Carolina, but learned from the

