
President that General Hill had attached each of the three regiments there to the divisions of Generals French, Whiting, and himself, and consequently he had no command but the regiments he brought out. I shall endeavor, if possible, to get another regiment from North Carolina, but think it doubtful. I wish we had a camp of instruction and refreshment for cavalry. Robertson would be an excellent person to put in charge of it, but, as far as I can see, he would now have but little to do.

[D. J.] Godwin's cavalry is, i understand from General Elzey, a local organization for the counties of King William, &amp;c.

We could with propriety diminish the number of regiments in a brigade if they wee full, but they are so small-I mean the electives-that a brigade has hardly over two full regiments with it. I wish we had commands for W. and R.; without these, it will be impossible to promote them.

I am obliged to you for your views as to the successor of the great and good Jackson. Unless God in His mercy will raise us up one, I do not know what we shall do. I agree with you on the subject, and have so expressed myself. It is now in the hands of others.

Very truly,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, May 23, 1863.

Colonel CORNS,

Eighth Virginia Cavalry:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs you to send forward immediately all the mounted companies of your regiment now with you, to report to Colonel McCausland at Piney, or wherever he may be.

You will, without delay, proceed to the Narrows with the rest of your men.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, May 23, 1863.

Brigadier-General ECHOLS,

Commanding First Brigade, Lewisburg:

GENERAL: Colonel McCausland reports that the enemy followed him night before last toward Piney with three regiments and a battalion of infantry, six field-pieces, and about 300 cavalry. McCausland had halted at Piney and prepared to resist farther advance. I desire that the enemy be drawn away from him, that he may have time to establish himself there without interruption.

I wish you therefore, to make a demonstration in the direction of Gauley Bridge with all the cavalry force you have, except such as is necessary to watch the approaches to Lewisburg, and Derrick's and Edgar's battalions.

Communicate with McCausland, and ascertain if the enemy has

