HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, May 25, 1863.

Brigadier-General ECHOLS, First Brigade. Lewisburg, W. Va.:

You need not make the demonstration toward Gauley, unless you receive such information from McCausland as to make it necessary, of which you will judge.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

[MAY 25, 2863.-For Jones to Cooper, in reference to affairs in Kentucky and resignation of Brigadier General John S. Williams, see Series I, Vol. XXIII, Part II, p. 852.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, May 25, 1863.

Colonel JOHN MCCAUSLAND:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 22nd instant was received on the 23rd instant. I immediately ordered Brigadier-General Echols to make a demonstration in the direction of Gauley, but to communicate with you, and, if he ascertained that the enemy had retired to Fayetteville, to recall his troops. I received a message from him to-day, informing me that the enemy had fallen back, and I directed him not to move his men toward Gauley.

I wish you to communicate freely and frequently with General Echols, and keep him fully informed of all information you have in regard to the movements of the enemy.

Three companies of the Eighth Virginia Cavalry are on the road to join you, and two others will start day after to-morrow. When they reach you, I hope you will be able to gather up some of the cattle in Boone and adjoining counties. I will furnish the necessary funds.

The battalion of the Sixtieth was ordered on the 23rd from the Narrows to join you. From your letter and the information given me by Major J. Floyd King, I am highly pleased with your management of the demonstration on Fayetteville.

I feel that your present position is exposed, and have ordered Captain Poor, of the Engineers, to join you, to direct the necessary defensive works. I trust with confidence to your good judgment, the gallantry of yourself and command to hold the position, if practicable; if not, to draw off your command with safely.

Very respectfully and truly,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

P. S.-No late and reliable news from Vicksburg to-day. There is a report that the enemy assaulted, and was repulsed with a loss of 10,000 men.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 124. Richmond, Va., May 25, 1863.

* * * * *

XI. * * * Brigadier General C. W. Field is assigned to duty as superintendent of the Bureau of Conscription in this city.

* * * * *

XIV. Lieutenant General R. S. Ewell will proceed without delay to Fredericksburg,

