
Robertson's Brigade.

7th Confederate.*

62nd Georgia.*

3rd North Carolina.+

4th North Carolina.

5th North Carolina.

Jenkin's Brigade.++

unassigned.

Maryland battalion,# Major Ridgely Brown

Godwin's Battalion.//

FREDERICKSBURG,

May 26, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. CRITCHER,

Commanding Fifteenth Virginia Cavalry:

COLONEL: Your note of yesterday's date is received. I wish you to watch the enemy's gunboats, and if they take a position where they could be struck at by our light artillery, let me know. Your movements must be secret-not even disclosed to our own people. I will place a light battery near Port Royal for this work, if you can guard it from a surprise from the Rappahannock line as well as the Mattapony. Your vedettes must always be on the alert, and your regiment ready concentrate on any threatened point. It is better for you not to remain at one place too long, but move about. Your horses will fare better, and you will multiply yourself. The chief source of information to the enemy is through our negroes. They are easily deceived by proper caution. Secrecy, diligence, and constant attention must always be practiced. Captain Capps' information is a week old.

Have you heard later from West Point? What is the condition of things there now?

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 27, 1863.

Major-General ELZEY,

Commanding at Richmond:

GENERAL: From the reports to scouts, it is very probable that a large force of Federal cavalry is about to sent out on an expedition to the interior of the State. A large body of cavalry has moved up from Aquia Creek toward Warrenton. Among the Federal soldiers two cavalry raids are spoken of, having in view the capture of Richmond.

---------------

*On detached service in North Carolina.

+On detached service on the Blackwater, Va.

++Composition not given. Note on original says: "Three regiments and one battalion stationed with General Jenkins, near Staunton, Va. One regiment, the largest (Nineteenth Virginia), retained by General Sam. Jones in Southwestern Virginia. Two regiments with General Imboden it is presumed will return to General jenkins. One battalion (Witcher's) with General W. E. Jones. The Thirty-seventh Battalion (Dunn's) is now ar or near Salem, Va. The Thirty-sixth Battalion (Sweeney's) with General Jenkins, at Staunton."

#Serving in the Valley.

//Four or six companies. Serving in the King and Queen County region.

---------------

