
through Middleburg on his way to Fairfax. Major [S. B.] Myers' report of the 22nd places him in Winchester.

Captain William F. Randolph has followed some deserters from this army to Stanardsville, and reports that he is informed that there are about 200 armed deserters between that place and Brownsville. I have directed General W. E. Jones to send two regiments to Brownsville and endeavor to capture them, and take such a route with the balance of his brigade as to sweep the mountains on his way to join you. If you can assist in the destruction of these miscreants, I desire you to do so. Should you learn that General Stoneman is preparing for an expedition, watch him closely. Should he separate his force, send detachments to watch each column, and fall on column after column with your whole force, and crush them alternately.

I am very glad to hear that the review of your command was so satisfactory. I have not yet received the report of its strength and condition by regiments, nor the proposed arrangements into smaller brigades. Colonel Corley has made arrangements about the horses brought in by Jones, for their pasturage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 27, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel B. G. BALDWIN,

Chief of Ordnance, Army of Northern Virginia:

COLONEL: There are expected, I understand, fourteen Napoleons from Richmond in the course of a week or two.

The following is the distribution of these guns which I think most for the interests of the service, and in about order given: One to Major McIntosh's battalion, two to Colonel Cabell's battalion, one to Lieutenant-Colonel Garnett's battalion, two to Lieutenant-Colonel jones' battalion, one to Colonel Brown's battalion, two to Major Eshleman's battalion, one to Colonel Cabell's battalion, one to Colonel Brown's battalion, one to Lieutenant-Colonel Jones' battalion, two to major Eshleman's battalion.

I separate these, because they will probably arrive at different times, and they can be distributed in this order as they arrive. Cabell's, Garnett's, and Eshleman's are in First Corps, to be distributed through Colonel Walker, chief of artillery, First Corps.

McIntosh's, Jones', and Brown's are in Second Corps, to be distributed through Colonel Brown, acting chief of artillery, Second Corps.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

HDQRS. DEPT. W. VA., Dublin, May 27, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN ECHOLS, Lewisburg:

GENERAL: I am confident that the enemy will very soon occupy Meadow Bluff if we do not, and I am anxious to anticipate them at that point.

When I left you, the only difficulty in the was of occupying that point was the want of subsistence, forage, and transportation-very serious obstacles, I must admit.

