
I write you to hurry forward your preparations, and move to the point indicated as soon as practicable. Inform me what additional transportation you need to enable you to maintain your command at that point, and it shall be sent to you as soon as the horses and mules are able to work.

In the meantime McCausland is somewhat exposed at Piney. I wish you to let him have temporarily the two Thurmonds' companies (the one that was at Fayetteville behaved admirably), to guard his right flank at the mouth of Piney, or such other point as he may deem most suitable. That will no change in any was my purpose in regard to attaching those two companies to Derrick's battalion. I wish you also to direct the officer commanding the battalion of the Forty-fifth [Virginia], now near Indian Creek, to go to McCausland's aid, if he needs and calls for it. I understood form you that Major [Edward] McMahon had expressed his willingness to go to duty with your brigade temporarily, and accordingly gave him the order. he has taken offense at the order and resigned. it seems that the Quartermaster-General had ordered him to me as chief quartermaster of the department, but had not so informed me.

I shall inform McCausland of the directions I have given you in regard to the Forty-fifth [Virginia] and the Thurmonds' companies, and he will rely upon them.

Very respectfully and truly,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, May 27, 1863.

Colonel JOHN MCCAUSLAND,

Piney:

COLONEL: I wish you to employ the two Thurmonds' companies to guard your right flank, at or near the mouth of Piney, or such other pint on that flank as you may, on examination, find best suited to secure your right. Those companies are at present attached to Derick's battalion, and I have directed General Echols to give them the necessary directions to report to you and be under your directions. i have also directed him to direct the officer commanding six companies of the Forty-fifth [Virginia], near Indian Creek, to move promptly to your aid, should you need them. Do to hesitate, therefore, to call for them when needed.

The three companies of the Eighth Virginia Cavalry recently ordered to report to you ought to have arrived by this time. Two others, now en route to the Narrows, will be ordered to you as soon as their horses are in good condition. The are somewhat reduced at present.

The road or good bridle-path which crosses Piney near New River should be thoroughly obstructed by felling trees and blasting rock, if the latter is necessary. The point where the road crosses Piney would probably be the best point for obstructions. So the roads by Terrell's, Spangler's, and Bacontown Crossings should be as thoroughly obstructed as practicable.

Direct your quartermaster to make requisition for any additional transportation you may need. I desire to supply you with everything I can, and regret very much that I have to at present additional troops to send to your support.

You will, of course, watch the enemy's movements diligently, and keep

