
Second Brigade, Colonel E. von Kielmansegge, First Maryland [Cavalry], commanding.-First Maryland Cavalry; First New Jersey Cavalry; First Pennsylvania Cavalry.

The independent company of cavalry* will be attached to division headquarters for orderly and other general duties. This organization will at once be made.

Brigade commanders will organize their brigades with a view to their permanency.

By command of Brigadier-General Gregg:

H. C. WEIR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

February 17, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER:

Application is made to exchange the Tenth Maine Twenty-eighth New York for two regiments now in Maryland. If such exchange is approved by you, and you deem it beneficial to the service, orders will be issued as soon as the roads are passable.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 17, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

After my experience in exchanging the Pennsylvania Reserves, by which I gave 270 more officers and men than I received, no further exchange will be made with my consent.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,Washington, D. C., February 17, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Commanding Army of the Potomac, on the Rappahannock:

GENERAL: The order I received was to replace the Pennsylvania Reserves by Pennsylvania troops+ The order I issued was for all the Pennsylvania infantry to join your army. After the order was issued, the Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania (Company F) was excepted from the order by direction of the General-in-Chief. The day the One hundred and fiftieth Regiment was embarking, Company K, of that regiment, was retained here at the special request of the President of the United States. I have no authority to send you troops from any other State. The numbers at my disposal were well understood by General Doubleday when he made the application, and the argument urged that the Reserves would soon be increased by the return of convalescents and stragglers. With those inducements, I consented to the change.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General.

---------------

* Orton's, District of Columbia.

+ See Williams to Doubleday, February 19, p.87.

---------------

