
me constantly informed of any move they may make, and especially if re-enforcements arrive. I hope to be able to see you at your camp soon.

Very respectfully and truly,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 28, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Adjt. and Insp. General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Objections having been made by the colonels of the North Carolina regiments in Taliaferro's old brigade to serving under a Virginia brigadier, which objections, presented to the Secretary of War by Governor Vance, have been referred to me, presuming that if a North Carolina brigadier were assigned to it the Virginia regiments might raise similar objections, I have thought proper to relieve General Colston from command of the brigade to which he has recently been assigned, and to assign General George [H.] Steuart to its command. he is a native of Maryland and an officer of the old army, to whom no objection can properly be made. In a similar instance, I assigned General Archer, an officer of the old army, and also a Marylander, to a brigade composed of Alabama and Tennessee regiments. All difficulties were thus obviated, and I hope for the same result by the assignment of General Stuart to this other mixed brigade. he has reported to me, and I have no other duty for him. General Colston will be relieved from duty and ordered to report to you.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

(Copy sent with order to General Colston.)

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 144. May 28, 1863.

* * * *

VIII. Brigadier General R. E. Colston is relieved from duty with this army, and will report to General S. Cooper, Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va., for orders.

IX. Brigadier General George H. Steuart will report to Major General A. P. Hill, commanding Second Army Corps, for assignment to the command of the brigade of Johnson's division, composed of the Tenth, Twenty-third, and Thirty-seventh Virginia, and First and Third North Carolina Regiments, recently commanded by Brigadier-General Colston.

By command of General R. E. Lee:

[W. H. TAYLOR,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FREDERICKSBURG, May 28, 1863.

Major General ISAAC R. TRIMBLE:

You are hereby assigned to the command of the Shenandoah Valley, and will proceed to Staunton, and assume command of all the troops in the Valley. You will report your arrival there to these headquarters.

By order:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

