
General Longstreet says Pickett has no brigade in the place of Jenkins'. He had temporarily a brigade formed of two regiments from General Sam. jones and two from General Marshall. It was first under back to the west, one is still in Petersburg, or rather one that was exchanged for it.

This army has been diminished since last fall by the brigades of Jenkins, Ransom, Cooke, and Evans. It has been increased by Pettigrew's. i consider Colquitt's exchanged for Daniel's. General Hill has retained in North Carolina a regiment from Pettigrew and Daniel. General Hooker's army, as far as i can form an opinion, ha been increased.

I have given Your Excellency all the facts in my possession to enable you to form an opinion as to what is best to be done. I fear the time has passed when I could have taken the offensive with advantage. From the indications that reached me, the enemy is contemplating another movement. I have not discovered what it is. There may be other movement. I have not discovered what it is. There may be nothing left for me to do but fall back. General Hill has in North Carolina a Jenkin's, Davis', Cooke's, Ransom's, Clingman's, and Martin's brigades, a large amount of field artillery,a nd three regiments of cavalry; one of the latter, in addition to the two sent, he has offered to send me. I have directed him to suspend the execution of the orders from me, and await orders from the Adjutant and Inspector General.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.

Richmond, May 30, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I inclose you a copy of a confidential letter just received from General Lee.

You will perceive he anticipates a serous effort on the part of the enemy by a sudden inroad to possess themselves of richmond, and urges timely preparation. This impression on General Lee's part accounts in a measure of his orders from the removal of troops from North Carolina, for he had recommended a brigade, at least, to be held here.

My latest intelligence from the Peninsula is that the force there is not very large, and is thought either to be removing or to be concentrating at Yorktown. If the design of sudden attack on Richmond be really contemplated, I think it not unlikely that instead of resorting to the Peninsula route, on which they have hitherto failed, a sudden advance from Suffolk, by way of Petersburg, may be preferred. It would be well, therefore, that you should keep yourself as well advised as possible of the movements of their troops in that direction, and it might be advisable quietly but effectively to accomplish such organization of the arms-gearing population remaining in that city as General Lee recommends here.

i shall endeavor to carry out his suggestions in this city, but, of course, such force can be little relied on; and, in view of the importance, in every point of view, of defending this city, I shall be compelled to have the aid of one of your brigades. That of Ransom's, a part of which has already reached and been detained here, had better, for the present, be placed here, or so near so to be in supporting distance

53 R R-VOL XXV, PT II

