
possession of by the Stuart Horse Artillery is entirely satisfactory. The expression "appropriated by the Stuart Horse Artillery" was not taken from a report of Colonel Baldwin, nor intended in any objection-able sense, but used for want of a better phrase, without any intention on my part of wounding. It is my desire always to aid you in rendering your artillery as efficient as possible, but i do not think it advisable to increase your batteries to six guns at the present time, when, for want of horses, we have been compelled to reduce the artillery serving with the infantry.

In the distribution of the captured guns, upon a full consideration of the wants of the whole army and the good of the service, I have thought it best to assign two of the 3-inch rifled guns to the Horse Artillery, and all the remaining guns to the artillery under General Pendleton. The other three guns now with you, you can place at his disposal.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 30, 1863.

Major General J. E. B. STUART:

Your letter of 27th instant, inclosing the report of the present organization of the cavalry force, and copies of plans Nos. 1 and 2, for its re-arrangement in brigades and divisions, has been received.

I am very desirous to do everything in my power to give the cavalry an effective organization, and especially to increase the number, but I do not see what good will be accomplished by increasing the number of brigades and commanders without adding something to the effective strength of your commands. With the depleted regiments which you now have, a brigade of three regiments would be a very small command for a general officer, and as to regiments promised, which have not yet arrived, it would be useless to brigade them until they reach you, and you can learn something of their officers and effective strength.

The only change in the organization of the cavalry which I think can be made with advantage at present is the equalization of the brigades, and the formation of a brigade of North Carolina regiments. By taking the First North Carolina from Hampton and the Second North Carolina from W. H. F. Lee, and joining with them Robertson's two regiments, you can form a new brigade.

if, then, you take the Fifth Virginia Regiment from Fitz. Lee, and White's battalion from Jones, the four old brigades, with the new one, would average about 1,500 men each (effective).

If, then, the Fifth Virginia could take Wickham's place below the Rapidan, and some provision could be made to supply the place of the Fifteenth Virginia Regiment on our right, the Fourth and Fifteenth could be re-attached to their respective brigades. White could be made useful in Loudoun and Fauquier.

It would give me great pleasure to see brigadiers and colonels promoted who have served the county long and well, but nothing is accomplished by their promotion unless they can get enlarged commands with it.

For the North Carolina brigade which would be formed by the above changes, I think that Robertson would do, perhaps, as well as Baker,

