
though some objection might be made to him because he is not a North Carolinian.

Cannot something be done to bring up your very small regiments?

In the non-effectives, do you include those temporarily dismounted, or is this large number permanently without horses?

Have the officers sent to raise companies for the Jeff. Davis, Cobb's, and Phillips' Legions returned, and what success did they meet with?

I am very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 30, 1863.

Major General ISAAC R. TRIMBLE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your letters of May 25th and 27th have been received. The order assigning you to the command of the Valley District will accompany this letter.* I desire you to repair thither as soon as you can, consistently with the restoration of your health.

With regard to the force in the Valley, I hope you will be able to cope with Milroy, who has a small force at present. We have to meet the enemy almost everywhere at a disadvantage in point of numbers. You will have [A. G.] Jenkins' cavalry and the Maryland troops. Imboden will be near, and you can use him in an emergency.

I hope you will be successful in increasing the enlistments from Maryland and among the people in Western Virginia. The transfer of 400 or 500 Marylanders from this army to the Valley I cannot recommend, as it only opens the door to such as may be dissatisfied with their commanders, and will tend to promote dissatisfaction and desire of change.

I hope you will be able to increase the Maryland Battalion speedily to a regiment, without this auxiliary.

Captain [W. C.] Hall has been ordered to report to you.

I am willing to approve the transfer of Private Webb as soon as it can be made with propriety, but I do not see how it can be done regularly just now.

With best wishes for your restoration to health, and for success in your new command,

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 30, 1863.

Major W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Northern Virginia:

MAJOR: I hasten to correct an error, into which I fell yesterday, respecting the number of guns in the artillery corps of this army. It was in my reply to an indorsement on the application for Captain [James] Reilly's promotion. I left out by mistake the guns of the two reserve battalions.

We have in the First Corps, present and assigned, 103 guns; in the

---------------

*See Special Orders, Numbers p. 840.

---------------

