
Second Corps, 105 guns; in the general reserve, 36 guns. With General Stuart, as far as known, 16 guns (two batteries). With General Ransom, 10 guns. Total, 270 guns; authorizing 3 brigadier-generals, nearly 7 colonels, 11 lieutenant-colonels, 17 majors. In all, 38 general and field officers. We have 1 brigadier-general, 6 colonels, 6 lieutenant-colonels, and 19 majors. In all, 32 general and field officers. From which it appears that while we have 2 majors more, we have 2 brigadier-generals less, 5 lieutenant-colonels and 1 colonel less than the law allows; that is, 6 general and field officers less than allowed.

Pray submit for me to the general this correction, and believe me, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

[Indorsement on Major Eshleman's application for more guns.]

MAY 30, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded with the statement of facts respecting guns. This application is made on my suggestion, in order that the whole difficulty respecting guns may be at once before the mind of the commanding general. It will be perceived from the schedule about to be presented that considerable difficulty exist between the armaments of many of the battalions. Some have rifles in excess, others Napoleons. This difficulty dates back to irregular appropriations of captured guns last summer and fall. It has been deemed a less evil to let it remain than to create other difficulties by enforcing an equalization.

Alexander's battalion (First Corps): 9 rifles, 9 Napoleons, 3 howitzers. Two captured rifles assigned.

Cabell's battalion (four batteries): 8 rifles, 4 howitzers, 1 captured Napoleon. Three Napoleons from Richmond assigned.

Garnett's battalion (four batteries-one 6-inch gun): 11 rifles, 2 Napoleons, 2 howitzers. One captured Napoleon and one from Richmond assigned.

Dearing's battalion (four batteries-one 6-inch gun): 5 rifles, 12 Napoleons, 1 howitzer.

Henry's battalion (four batteries-one 6-inch gun): 4 rifles, 12 Napoleons, 1 howitzer.

Eshleman's battalion (four batteries-one 6-inch gun, Washington Artillery): 8 Napoleons, 2 howitzers. Four from Richmond assigned.

Total, First Corps, 37 rifles, 49 Napoleons, 13 howitzers. Captured, assigned, 2 rifles and 2 Napoleons.

It will be observed that in order to give rifles to Major Eshleman, they must be taken from some other battery. To this I have no objection, if the commanding general deems it best, but I cannot recommend it, because the serious changes of armament now in batteries and battalions that have long used certain guns must produce regrets and dissatisfaction, which in a case like ours, requiring the whole hearts of men, it does not seem to me wise to excite. For the same reason I cannot recommend the taking of guns from the Second Corps batteries, although the artillery of that corps has now more rifles than that of the First Corps. It seems to me the least evil to let the battalions remain as they are, with such addition as can be gradually supplied.

THE ARMAMENT OF THE SECOND CORPS.

Carter's battalion (four batteries): 6 rifles, 6 Napoleons, 2 howitzers. Two captured rifles assigned.

