
Jones' battalion (four batteries): 3 rifles, 6 Napoleons, one captured rifle. One Napoleon assigned, three Napoleons from Richmond.

McIntosh's battalion (four batteries): 10 rifles, 4 Napoleons. One Napoleon captured, and one from Richmond assigned.

Andrews' battalion (four batteries): 8 good rifles, 6 Napoleons. Two independent effective rifles.

Walker's battalion (five batteries): 7 rifles, 8 Napoleons, 2 howitzers. One captured rifle, and one napoleon assigned.

Brown's battalion (six batteries): 9 rifles, 6 napoleons, 4 howitzers. One captured rifle assigned, two Napoleons from Richmond.

Total in Second Corps, 44 good rifles, 36 Napoleons, 8 howitzers, 2 independent effective, 6 captured rifles assigned, 3 captured, and 6 Richmond Napoleons assigned-in all, 52 rifles, 45 Napoleons, and 8 howitzers.

IN GENERAL RESERVE.

Cutts' battalion (six-gun battery): 10 rifles, 3 Napoleons, 5 howitzers.

Nelson's battalion (six-gun battery): 6 rifles, 8 Napoleons, 4 howitzers.

The general commanding can, from all this, see whether major Eshleman's request can be judiciously granted.

Respectfully submitted.

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

P. S.-The first guns received from Richmond since the late batters were not assigned to Major Eshleman, 1st, because Colonel Baldwin had them booked for other batteries; and 2nd, because the commanding general instructed me to supply other organizations before those whose guns had been captured, even when no blame was attached to officers and men.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,May 30, 1863-9.30 p. m.

Major General JOHN B. HOOD,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: By direction of the lieutenant-general commanding, I have just telegraphed you to move your command as early as you can to Verdierville, and select near that point the best camp you can find for wood, water, and grass. He desires me further to notify you that Major-General Stuart, commanding cavalry, has been directed to communicate to you information of the enemy's crossing bellow you, should the attempt be made; at the earliest receipt of which, you will put your command in motion for Guiney's Station, marching through Spotsylvania Court-House.

Notify the lieutenant-general as soon as you receive the intelligence and of your intention to move, and keep him advised from time to time of your progress.

The information brought in by our scouts leads to the idea that the enemy is preparing for another crossing. Your preparations, therefore, should be complete for rapid movement and vigorous co-operation.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[G. MOXLEY SORREL,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

