
necessary for the full execution of your designs? I readily perceive the disadvantage of standing still, and sorely regret that I cannot give you the means which would make it quite safe to attempt all that we desire. The any advantage should have been lost by delay is sad enough where the contest, at best, was so very unequal as to give little room for the exercise of what General Charles Lee called "that rascally virtue," prudence.

I do not know what success we shall have in organizations for local defense, but should it be all that I can hope, you know how far our army will still fall short of the numerical strength of the enemy. Missouri, Kentucky, the most populous portions of Tennessee and Louisiana, are contributing nothing to recruit our army. If General Kirby Smith should have success on the west side of the river, he will soon have a large force by volunteers from Missouri and Southern Louisiana. General Johnston did not, as you thought advisable, attack Grant promptly, and I fear the result is that which you anticipated, if time was given. The last intelligence indicates that Grant's army is concentrating on the Yazoo, where he connects with his gunboats and river transportation, and threatens the line of communication between Jackson and Vicksburg. The position, naturally strong, may soon be intrenched, and, with the heavy guns which he can bring by water, will require to be reduced by some other means than a direct attack.

it is useless to look back, and it would be unkind to annoy you in the midst of your many cares with the reflections which I have not been able to avoid.

All the accounts we have of Pemberton's conduct fully sustain the good opinion heretofore entertained of him, and I hope has secured for him that confidence of his troops which is so essential to success.

Very respectfully and truly, your friend,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, VA.,

May 31, 1863.

General D. H. HILL,

Commanding Department of North Carolina, Petersburg, Va.:

GENERAL: I have received your dispatch and letter, both dated 30th instant.

It has been determined that Major-General Ransom be put in command of the district of your department which includes the Appomattox and Blackwater, and that his force consists of his former brigade and Jenkins' brigade; Davis' and Cooke's brigades to be detached from your department and directed to report to General Lee. This arrangement will take place with the least practicable delay, and you will give the necessary orders. The two regiments of Ransom's old brigade now here will be directed to report to you at Petersburg for you instructions. It is believed and hoped that, as this arrangement will leave you five brigades and three regiments of cavalry, and such additional force as you will be able to get from the bridge and provost-marshal guards, and the guard of prisoners at Salisbury, your force will be equal to the wants of the service in your department. Should the enemy move up from South Carolina, you can in that event be re-enforced from that quarter.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

