
me have the 1,250 head brought out by Major [John W.] Mitchell, your commissary, on the late expedition.

I hope you will be able to spare them, as it is reported to me there are already 3,000 head in Greenbrier and Monroe Counties. I hope, indeed, you will be able to spare some of these in addition to the 1,250.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 1, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

SIR: General Imboden reports that 3,176 head of cattle were brought out of Western Virginia by the recent expedition. I am very anxious to keep these cattle, if possible, exclusively for the use of this army. Twelve hundred and fifty were brought out by General Samuel Jones' commissary, and are in Greenbrier. There are reported 3,000 head of cattle in Greenbrier and Monroe besides these. I think, therefore, that General Jones could readily spare the 1,250 brought in by the expedition, or, if he wishes to keep them, the 3,00 reported to be in Greenbrier and Monroe might be collected for this army.

The remaining cattle brought out by Generals Jones and Imboden are in Pocahontas and August. I hope these will be secured for the Army of Norther Virginia.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

BONSACK'S DEPOT,

June 1, 1863.

Major WILLIAM B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dublin:

Order Captain [David N.] Walker to take his battery, or as much of it s horses can move, to Piney, and report to Colonel McCausland; also order Lieutenant-Colonel Dunn, with his battalion, or as much of it as is mounted, to Piney, without unnecessary delay, and report to Colonel McCausland. Send copy of this order to McCausland.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, June 2, 1863.

General R. E. LEE, Near Fredericksburg:

Reliable intelligence informs that the enemy have evacuated West Point, and probably, to a great extent, Yorktown and Gloucester Point, and are marching in a column of 2,000 or 3,00 men on both sides of the Piankatank, northwest. This may be meant to cover some movement of Hooker's to the Lower Rappahannock and across, or up to the Piankatank, or it may be a mere diversion. You can best judge. I telegraph the above to the commander at Hanover Junction, for his information.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

