
I still hope that General Johnston will be able to demolish Grant, and that our command of the Mississippi may be preserved. The enemy may be drawing to the Yazoo for the purpose of reaching their transports and retiring from the contest, which I hope is the case. General Kirby Smith ought, if possible, to collect a sufficient force, and occupy Helena, or some better point on the west bank of the river.

As far as I can ascertain, the enemy seems to be quiet in Western Virginia, and the troops of General Samuel Jones are idle. They could also be brought to Richmond or to Eastern Virginia if occasion requires it.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 2, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I had the honor to receive your letter of the 29th ultimo.

I have subsequently received a communication from His Excellency the President on the same subject, and I believe he has determined the question as to the disposition of the troops in North Carolina.

I think you are under a misapprehension in regard to a brigade having been attached to Pickett's division in the place of Jenkins'.

General Longstreet states that Colston's brigade, formed of the regiments of Generals Sam. Jones' and Marshall's commands, was temporarily assigned to Pickett's division at the time that Jenkins was detached. Colston's brigade was subsequently broken up when these regiments were returned by you to their former commands.

Pickett's division is now at Hanover Junction, with o brigade with it, except those taken from this army, Jenkins being still detached. I regret to be deprived of Ransom and Jenkins, upon whom, as well as their troops, I greatly relied.

I replied to general D. H. Hill's proposition when I was in Richmond, in reference to the exchange of brigades in North Carolina with certain brigades in this army. I believe it would add to my numerical strength and give me more men to subsist, but I doubt whether it would add to my fighting force. I should like much to have the thinned ranks of the brigades he mentions filled up, but dislike to part with officers and men who have been tried in battle and seasoned to the hardships of the campaign in exchange for wholly untried troops.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,June 2, 1863.

General J. E. B. STUART,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I have read with much attention General Hamtpon's letter of 1st instant, giving results of his reconnaissance of the enemy's line on the Rappahannock. I should like very much to capture the division of the enemy he speaks of, and much pleased at the gallantry of his proposition. It is what I should expect of an officer of his

54 R R-VOL XXV, PT II

