
boldness and daring. But at this distance I do not feel so confident as he does that it could be easily done, and I fear the loss that would befall our brave men.

I hardly think the enemy would expose his detachments without sufficient support, and I think it more than probable that the balance of the corps to which the division belongs is within reach. Can you not find that out? As we are not in a position to improve the advantage should we gain it, and as I hope to be able to strike them a blow, I think it better to reserve our strength, and to abstain from giving them any premonition of our intention, that to jeopardize our division of cavalry and infantry now in their presence. Unless, then, a very fair opportunity presents it self, I recommend no attempt, and urge quiet and allayment of apprehension on their part. Should a good opportunity present itself, take advantage of it; otherwise husband your strength, and prepare for the conflict; collect all your men and refresh your horses.

From General Hampton's report and your dispatch of 2.30 p. m. to-day, I infer no aggressive movement of the enemy is contemplated at present.

A dispatch from Richmond to-day states that the enemy has evacuated West point and probably Yorktown, and reports a force moving upon either side of the Piankatank, in a northwest direction. They may be making for urbana or Rappahannock, to cross to General Hooker, or to lend him a hand to cross. I have moved [Charles R.] Collins and [George E.] Pickett in that direction. I presume I shall hear to-morrow what it means.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY. CORPS, ARMY OF N. VA.,

Numbers --. June 2, 1863.

I. Under the recent organization of the artillery, Army of Northern Virginia, into three corps, a corresponding adjustment of artillery battalions become necessary, and, under special directions from the commanding general, the following arrangement is ordered:

FIRST CORPS.

Lieutenant-General LONGSTREET.

Battalions-Cabell's.

Dearing's.

Henry's.

Corps reserve.

Battalions-Alexander's.

Eshleman's.

SECOND CORPS.

Lieutenant-General EWELL.

Battalions-Carter's.

Jones'.

Andrews'.

Corps reserve.

Brown's.

Nelson's.

THIRD CORPS.

Lieutenant General A. P. HILL.

Battalions-McIntosh's.

Garnett's.

Poague's.

Corps reserve.

Walker'.

Cutts'.

the chiefs of artillery of the First and Second Corps remain as heretofore, and the battalions designated in those corps will report through these chiefs. The battalions designated int eh [Third Corps] will report through the chief of artillery who may be nominated by the corps commander and approved by the commanding general.

II. Toward forming the new battalion required for the Third Corps, Colonel Brown and Alexander will each report one of their batteries,

