
captain, and their lieutenants to be chosen by the men, provided no unworthy man be so chosen. As there is no time within which you are required to raise this command, you ought to be very fastidious in choosing your men, and make them always stand the test of battle ad temptation to neglect duty before acceptance.

I was greatly obliged to you for the saddle of Stoughton. I wish you would send me whatever evidence you may be able to furnish of Miss Ford's innocence of the charge of having guided you in your exploit at Fairfax, so that I can insist upon her unconditional release.

We must have that unprincipled scoundrel Wyndham. Can you catch him? Do not get caught.

I send you an order about our fight at Kellysville. It was a hard fight, and a glorious one for us, but the loss of the "gallant Pelham" has thrown a shadow of gloom over us not soon to pass away. Beckham will succeed him. Be vigilant about your own safety, and do not have any established headquarters anywhere but "in the saddle."

I hope Mrs Mosby reached you in safety. My regards to her if still with you. Your praise is on every lip, and the compliment the President has paid you is as marked as it is deserved.

Very truly, yours,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,

Numbers 11. April 8, 1863.

In compliance with instructions from the commanding general, the Horse Artillery will cease to belong to brigade organizations, but will constitute a separate corps to operate with cavalry. Major R. F. Beckham, Provisional Army, C. S., is assigned to the command of the Horse Artillery of this army. Batteries will continue on duty with the brigades where now serving, subject to such change as may be hereafter thought advisable; and whenever a battery is so attached, it will be subject to the orders of the commanding officer, who will be responsible for it as for the time being a part of his command.

By command of Major General J. E. B. Stuart:

R. CHANNING PRICE,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,Jones' Farm, April 10, [1863]-11 p. m.

General LAFAYETTE MCLAWS,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of this date, 8.30 p. m., after 10 o'clock, and I hasten to reply.

The movements which you mention seem to indicate a backward movement on the part of the enemy when taken in connection with other facts which I have to report. I returned late this evening from a reconnaissance as far as Land's End, just in front of Young's house.

The following are the main facts which occurred to-day:

The enemy burned last night a house opposite Redoubt Numbers 1, as I already informed you. I felt certain that they did so to unmask a battery in its rear; but, contrary to my expectation, they did not do so,

