
solely for the transportation of supplies, tents, flies, and cooking utensils. No other baggage than that specified will be allowed under any circumstances.

Brigade inspectors will make frequent examinations to see that this order is carried into effect, and any departure from its requirements will be punished as disobedience of orders.

By command of Major General J. E. B. Stuart:

R. CHANNING PRICE,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant General.
HDQRS. CAV. DIVISION, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,April 25, 1863.

Major JOHN S. MOSBY, Commanding:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding directs me to say that your expedition into Fairfax is exactly what he wishes. He is extremely anxious to know what is going on behind Centreville, and whether Hooker is moving any troops up in that vicinity.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. CHANNING PRICE,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP PELHAM,April 26, 1863.

[Major JOHN S. MOSBY:]

MAJOR: There is now a splendid opportunity to strike the enemy in rear of Warrenton Junction. The trains are running regularly to that point. (It may be by the time that you get this, the opportunity may have gone.) Capture a train, and interrupt the operation of the railroad. Stoneman's main body of cavalry is located near Warrenton Junction, Bealeton, and Warrenton Springs. Keep far enough from a brigade camp to give you time to get off your plunder and prisoners. Information of the movements of large bodies is of the greatest importance to us just now. The marching or transportation of divisions will often indicate the plan of a campaign. Be sure to give dates and numbers and names, as far as possible.

Wishing you all success, I am, very truly, yours,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

DOWNMAN'S HOUSE,

May 4, [1863]-10 p. m.

Major-General MCLAWS:

GENERAL: Generals Anderson and Early drove the enemy handsomely form the positions on Downman's Hill beyond the Plank road. General Anderson's left is now on Plank road opposite to Mr. Guest's house, and his line perpendicular to the road. General Early is no his right. I do not yet know how far he has advanced. We cannot find any of the enemy south of the Plank road. But if we let them alone until morning we will find them again intrenched, so I wish to push them over the river to-night. I understand that Kershaw's left is at the toll-gate on the Plank road; Wofford on the right, not up to the

