
road. I want them to advance the right of their line so as to occupy the Plank road, and you to communicate with the left of their line.

Direct Colonel Alexander to endeavor to arrest all movements across Banks' Ford, or up the river road. Anderson and Early are north of the Plank road.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

R. E. LEE,

General.

FAUQUIER COUNTY, VA., May 19, 1863.

Major General J. E. B. STUART:

GENERAL: On Sunday morning, May 2 instant, I succeeded in surprising the camp of the First Virginia Cavalry (Yankee) at Warrenton Junction. The enemy not having time to saddle and bridle their horses, took refuge in a house, from which they poured a hot fire into us with carbines and pistols. After a stubborn resistance they sent out a while flag and surrendered.

We found that we had captured nearly the whole of their regiment (about 300 officers and men), with all their horses, arms, accouterments, camp equipage, and a fine ambulance. We were in the act of saddling up their horses preparatory to leaving, when the alarm was given that re-enforcements of the enemy were coming. Just then, about 300 yards off, I saw a column of cavalry approaching form the woods in the direction of Cedar Run bridge. My command, numbering not over 100 men, was entirely disorganized, and dispersed over the fields, catching loose horses, fugitive Yankees, &amp;c. I used every endeavor to rally and form the men but found it impossible, and there was no alternative left me but retreat. We only got off 8 prisoners and some 25 or 30 horses. We also brought off a large number of pistols, as they had all given up their arms.

I had 1 man killed, and lost somewhere between 15 and 20 in wounded and missing. Of course, it is impossible for me to know what was the loss of the enemy. General Stahel in his report admits a loss of 6 officers (including a major) and 14 privates, killed and wounded; says nothing of prisoners. I have since ascertained that the re-enforcements that arrived were the First Vermont and Fifth New York Regiments of cavalry.

Sunday, May 10, I burned two bridges on the Ohio and Alexandria Railroad, took 3 prisoners, and tore up the track, causing one of their trains to run off. This caused them to suspend running the cars for two days. I have also twice cut their telegraph wires. Sunday, May 17, with about 25 men, I penetrated their lines to within a mile of Dumfries. My object was to intercept their transportation on the Telegraph road. I had stopped at a house and we were feeding our horses when the alarm was given, the "Yankees are coming." Quickly bridling up, we did not wait for them to come up, but charged down on them. After a pretty sharp hand-to-hand fight, we succeeded in putting them to flight. We left on the field 2 dead and 5 too badly wounded to be brought off, besides taking 4 prisoners, 7 or 8 horses, their arms, &c.

The lieutenant commanding the attacking party had his right arm shot nearly off. The force of the enemy was about 25. As they had taken the alarm, I did not deem it prudent to remain longer inside their lines and returned. I sustained no loss. The bearer of this, Fount Beattie, will give you all the information obtained in reference to the number and distribution of the enemy's forces.

