
If you would let me have a mountain howitzer, I think I could use it with great effect, especially on the railroad trains. I have several experienced artillerists with me. The effect of such annoyance is to force the enemy to make heavy details to guard their communication.

I have not attacked any of their railroad trains because I have no ammunition for my carbines, and they are pretty strongly guarded with infantry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. MOSBY,

Major of Partisan Rangers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. DIV., ARMY OF N. VA.,

Numbers 17. May 20, 1863.

Until further orders, brigade commanders will keep one regiment in each brigade with their horses near at hand, arms and accouterments ready for use, and everything prepared to mount at short notice. This regiment will be designated the grand guard, and will be relieved as often as may seem proper to brigade commanders. The officers and men of such regiment will be regarded as on duty, and it will be used to move promptly to the front in case of the enemy's advance, in order to give time of the other regiments to bring in their horses from grazing and prepare for action. This regiment will when relieved perform a march of 5 miles, observing all the rules and orders for marching, and the brigade inspector will observe and remark upon the manner in which the march is conducted.

By command of Major General J. E. B. Stuart:

H. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. DIV., ARMY OF N. VA.,

Numbers 19. June 1, 1863.

I. The major-general commanding announces the division staff as follows:

Major Heros von Borcke, assistant adjutant and inspector general; Major H. B. McClellan, assistant adjutant-general; Major A. R. Venable, assistant adjutant-general; Major Norman R. Fitzhugh, quartermaster; Major William J. Johnson, commissary of subsistence; Captain W. W. Blackford, engineer department; Captain John Esten Cooke, chief of ordnance; First Lieutenant Chiswell Dabney, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant Robert H. Goldsborough, aide-de-camp; Surg. Talcott Eliacon, division surgeon; Captain W. D. Farley, volunteer aide; Captain James L. Clark, volunteer aide.

The following officers of the regular army are assigned to duty with the cavalry division:

Captain B. S. White, Provisional Army, C. S.; First Lieutenant R. B. Kennon, Provisional Army, C. S.; Cadet W. Q. Hullihen, Provisional Army, C. S.

II. Lieutenant Colonel C. H. Tyler is relieved from duty as assistant inspector-general of this division.

By command of Major General J. E. B. Stuart:

H. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

