SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 49. Camp near Falmouth, Va., February 18, 1863.

* * * * * * *

II. Corps commanders will cause to be kept in reserve in their respective commands, for special uses, 750 shovels, 250 picks, and 500 axes. These tools must be kept either at corps or division headquarters. The complete equipment of pioneers of brigades will be kept up in addition to the foregoing. When tools are issued to fatigue parties, or for any purpose whatever, all officers must be held to a strict accountability thereof, and charged with any loss or themselves not properly accounted for.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,No. 42. Near Belle Plain, February 18, 1863.

* * * * * * *

V. That part of Paragraph V, Special Orders, No. 39, February 15, 1863, from these headquarters, which organizes the brigades of the Third Division, is changed, and will read as follows:

The troops of the Third Division will be brigaded as follows: The One hundred and twenty-first, One hundred and thirty-fifth, One hundred and forty-second, and One hundred and fifty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers will comprise the First Brigade, to be commanded by the senior colonel. The One hundred and forty-third, One hundred and forty-ninth, and One hundred and fiftieth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers will comprise the Second Brigade, and be commanded by Colonel Roy Stone, One hundred and forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

By command of Major-General Reynolds:

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

February 19, 1863.

Brigadier General A. DOUBLEDAY,

(Through commanding officer, First Corps:)

By direction of the commanding general, I have the honor herewith to transmit a copy of a communication which has been received from Major-General Heintzelman with reference to the transfer of the Pennsylvania Reserve Corps from this army.*

The general commanding directs that you report what agreement was entered into by you with General Heintzelman with regard to the exchange of the Pennsylvania Reserves. Your especial attention is directed to that part of General Heintzelman's letter which alleges that the exchange was to be for Pennsylvania regiments and no others, irrespective of numbers, and inquiry is made whether or not it was understood by you that the general commanding was to receive a lesser number of officers and men in exchange for the Reserves than which made up that force. You are also instructed to report your reasons for

---------------

* See Heintzelman to Hooker, p.83.

---------------

