
this army, via Occoquan and Dumfries, and, after getting out of your lines, meet sutlers or others from the enemy and dispose of the contents of their wagons. I am directed to communicate this information to you, and to request that will permit no sutlers, traders, or any person on any pretext whatsoever to pass out of your lines in this direction for the purpose of coming to this army. The information spoken of, with regard to sutlers passing through your lines toward Warrenton, was received from prisoners of the enemy, who stated that they had seen Jews having your passes with wagons outside our lines, in the vicinity of Washington, who showed the passes when challenged by Stuart's cavalry, and then stated whom they intended to exchange their goods with, and were conducted to make the exchange, and were allowed to return with empty wagons into our lines.

I am, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 12. Camp near Falmouth, Va., February 19, 1863.

I. The attention of the officers and men of this army is directed to the General Orders of the President of November 15, 1862, and to General Orders, No. 7, of September 6, 1861, from these headquarters, respecting the observance of the Sabbath.* The major-general commanding enjoins a strict compliance with the requirements of those orders upon all under his command.

II. Pursuant to instructions, which have been received from the Adjutant-General's Office, volunteer officers appointed or promoted will be mustered into the service of the United States from the date at which they actually commenced doing duty, and at which their names first appeared on the muster-rolls according to their new grade. Said musters have frequently been given the date of commission.

III. To secure reliability, efficiency, and unity of action in the performance of topographical duty, and to prevent unnecessary repetition of labor by different parties, all officers or enlisted men voluntarily on this duty, or assigned to it at corps, division, or brigade headquarters, will report in person to Brigadier General G. K. Warren, chief topographical engineer, at these headquarters. It is not the intention to detach them from their present commands, but to ascertain the extent of their information and means of reconnoitering, and to supply their necessary requirements. At the time of reporting each will furnish full information as to any reconnaissance made, giving a copy of the map, if possible, or exhibiting the originals for examination, and a statement of the routes, &c., examined, not mapped. Also a list of all surveying, reconnoitering, and drawing instruments, and of all maps and books relating to Virginia, stating whether they are public or private property. Also an estimate of surveying and drawing instruments and materially required. Copies of all information possessed by the chief topographical engineer will be furnished for military purposes on proper application.

IV. The resignations and applications of signal officers for leaves of absence will be referred by corps commanders to the chief signal officer at these headquarters for his recommendation thereon, and, if the same be adverse, such resignations and applications will be denied.

---------------

* Printed in Series III.

---------------

