
not approve the application. I then went to General Halleck and asked for Colonel Wells' Massachusetts regiment, but it was refused.

I should have pressed the application still further had I not at this time received a telegram from General Reynolds, stating that he did not reorganize my authority to be absent. This obliged me to give up everything and return.

General Heintzelman mistakes when says the number of men at his disposal was well understood by me when I made the application. I repeatedly asked for information on this and other points, and was invariably told that he would not touch the matter until the Reserves arrived, and then he would issue the necessary orders.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. DOUBLEDAY,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Memorandum for General Butterfield, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,Camp near Falmouth, Va., February 20, 1863.

Numerous complaints have been made of late by commanders of batteries and cavalry regiments that their animals have suffered at different times for want of a sufficient supply of forage, and that every exertion had been made by them to obtain it. It is well known that an ample supply of grain and a part of the day ration have been at the principal depots, which could easily have been drawn and taken to camp by packing. At this time there is plenty of hay and grain. Battery and cavalry commanders should in the future see that their commands are supplied (whenever the roads will not allow hauling in wagons) by packing with a portion of the animals for the benefit of the whole, and should always send an officer to attend to this matter in person. They should also see that protection is afforded the animals by building shelters of some kind, and no excuse should be taken for a neglect of this duty.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,On Picket, February 20, 1863.

Brigadier General D. McM. GREGG,

Commanding Third Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: Yesterday morning Captain Mitchell, of the Harris Light Cavalry, stationed near Port Conway, discovered that the rebels were placing into a large flat-boat (with a log-cabin on it capable of holding 100 men) sacks and muskets, and that a large number were at work about there-some 60 in all. Fearing that an attempt might be made to cross, I strengthened my line of pickets at that point. I am satisfied now that the enemy are but on a foraging expedition down the river. Should this be true, a trusty scout will keep me advised of their movements, and if they land near my outer pickets, they shall not return. At this hour all is quiet.

There is in a house near the dock at Port Conway large quantities of

