
wheat and corn; it may be possible that an attempt may be made to carry it off, but the attempt shall fail if made.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

WINCHESTER, VA.,

February 20, 1863.

Major General R. C. SCHENCK:

DEAR SIR: Yours of the 16th instant, but postmarked 18th, reached me last evening, and I hasten to reply. Inclosed you will find a statement showing what batteries, regiments, and detachments compose my command, by which it will be seen I have under my immediate command at this place two 6 gun batteries of 10-pounders (one battery being Parrott guns, and the other regulation guns), six regiments of infantry, two cavalry regiments, less one company, besides two detached companies of cavalry. These aggregate for duty as follows: Artillery, 245; infantry, 3,984; cavalry, 1,306. That portion of my command left behind under Colonel James Washburn, and now at Romney, consists of two regiments of infantry, aggregating for duty 1,385 men, and one detached company of cavalry, 60 strong.

I understand that there are at Romney some five or six other companies of Pennsylvania cavalry, of the Ringgold Battalion, and a full battery.

While at New Creek, I reorganized my division into two brigades, the First Brigade to consist of the Eighty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, the Ninth, Tenth, and Twelfth Regiments Virginia Infantry, and Battery B, First Virginia Artillery, which is still its organization. This brigade was for a time under command of Brigadier-General Cluseret, but since the 12th ultimo has been under the command of Colonel George Hay, of the Eighty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania. He is a most ardent patriot, a highly honorable gentleman, and an excellent officer.

The Second Brigade consisted of the One hundred and tenth, One hundred and sixteenth, One hundred and twenty-second, and One hundred and twenty-third Regiments Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and Battery D, First [West] Virginia Artillery, and was commanded by Colonel James Washburn, of the One hundred and sixteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry. He is a good officer.

Colonel Washburn is left behind at Romney with only two regiments of his brigade, to wit, the One hundred and sixteenth and One hundred and twenty third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and Company E, Third [West] Virginia Cavalry. The other half of his brigade, to wit, the One hundred and tenth and One hundred and twenty-second Regiments Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and Battery D, First [West] Virginia Artillery, are here, under the temporary command of Colonel J. W. Keifer, of the One hundred and tenth Regiment, who is also a most excellent officer. The two brigades of my command, as originally organized, was, I think, the best disposition that could be made of these eight regiments.

I should be much pleased, if the good of the service would permit, to get back the two regiments I left west of the mountains, as they are two of my old veteran regiments that went through Virginia with me last year, and participated in all the battles under Fremont and Pope.

