HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,February 23, 1863.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In view of the fact that the river on the other side is picketed by the enemy's infantry, I would suggest that the river on this side be picketed by our infantry, from Corbyn's Neck, below, to United States Ford, above, with a strong reserve at each extremity, where the line of cavalry vedettes would connect with the infantry and run back perpendicular to the river on the right, and down the river on the left. This line can be much better guarded by foot than by horse, and the arrangement will save the services of two regiments of cavalry, one above and one below, which, considering the terrible roads over which cavalry with its supplies of forage has to pass, is an important item.

To properly picket the whole line, and to patrol the country on the right and left, requires, owing to the extent of country, a large force of cavalry, and everything that can tend to reduce its numbers is, under present circumstances, very much to be desired.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Corps.

OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Camp near Falmouth, Va., February 23, 1863.

Copy of a letter, dated December 9, 1862, of Brigadier-General Hunt to Major-General Parke, chief of staff, Army of the Potomac:

OFFICE OF CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

December 9, 1862.

GENERAL: On October 22, Colonel Tyler, First Connecticut Artillery, by my direction, submitted a memorandum on the organization of a siege train. His memorandum was approved October 26, with some modifications, submitted to Major-General McClellan, approved by him, and returned to Colonel Tyler October 27, with orders to have it carried out. The organization of three batteries of four 4 1/2 inch guns, as batteries of position-to be used in the passage of rivers and other operations requiring them, the batteries to form part of the siege train at Richmond-was ordered at the same time. This latter organization not having been carried out as ordered, and it being of the utmost importance that the inconvenience now being felt from the non-arrival of the three position batteries should not occur before Richmond, I beg to bring under your notice the proposition submitted by Colonel Tyler, in order that steps may be taken to have it, if necessary, carried out immediately.

The proposal was to have ready forty 4 1/2 inch siege guns, ten 8-inch howitzers, ten 10-inch mortars, ten 8-inch mortars, with all the necessary stores and means of transportation, the whole to be shipped on board suitable barges, ready for transportation by water to any point which may be designed.

Colonel Tyler was selected for the duty of organizing the siege train because he commanded the siege train at Yorktown and in the Peninsula. His regiment, officers and men, are, therefore, thoroughly acquainted with the duties required of them. In order, however, that the amount of artillery which it may be necessary to accumulate against any work previous to assaulting it may be placed in position with the greatest possible rapidity, it would be desirable to associate another heavy artillery regiment with Colonel Tyler's.

The placing of rifled 32-pounders in position at Fredericksburg (6 1/2 inch caliber, corresponding to our 100-pounders), probably indicates that there are guns of this caliber in position in the works before Richmond. It may, therefore, be necessary to place guns of equal caliber in position, and Lieutenant Baylor, ordnance officer at Fortress Monroe, should be instructed to prepare such guns, with their material.

In case it should be necessary to move the siege train by water to a point of the Pamunkey within short distance of Hanover Court-House, instructions should be

7 R R-VOL XXV, PT II

