
statement, by batteries, regiments, and States of the numbers of recruits required in the artillery of this army,* and of officers available for recruiting service. If officers are sent, some measures should be taken not only to insure their making exertions to obtain recruits, but especially to secure their safe transmission through Washington. It has been a cause of complaint since the convalescent camp and the camp of instruction were formed that neither convalescents nor recruits can get to their regiments except by deserting.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery.

FAIRFAX STATION,

February 24, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER,

Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Stevensburg lies about 6 miles southwest from Kelly's Ford, on the Rappahannock.

General Longstreet passed through Richmond on the 18th instant. A portion of his army went to Charleston, S. C., the balance to Suffolk. General Stuart is now at Auburn, near Warrenton. General Jackson and army are at Stauton, with the intention of making a raid in Maryland, with the help of General Stuart.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. YAGER,

[Scout.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,No. 90. Washington, February 24, 1863.

* * * * * *

V. Brigadier General E. B. Tyler, U. S. Volunteers, will join his command in the Army of the Potomac without delay.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

February 25, 1863. (Received 2.30 p.m.)

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Information from deserters, contrabands, and citizens, received within the past two or three days, when compared and collated, seems to corroborate the following statement: That the enemy have decreased their forces in our front; that two or more divisions of Longstreet's corps have gone to Tennessee and South Carolina; that the enemy are under the impression that are evacuating from Aquia, leaving a sufficient force to keep Lee's army in front of us. The foggy atmosphere prevents the balloon from being serviceable. The roads are impassable for reconnaissance. As soon as further definite and

---------------

* Statement omitted; it shows that, "in all, 3,487 recruits are required to complete the batteries of this army to their proper strength."

---------------

