
and level ground and its distance from the river renders it more healthy and safe. Pine timber and a saw-mill are near at hand. The fuel which is now hauled for the prisoners at great expense is brought from this vicinity.

There is an aggregate of 2,151 prisoners of war now confined at this place, of whom 69 are in hospital, and 75 who would be but for the want of accommodations. The commanding officer promises that antiscorbutics (pumpkins, potatoes, &amp;c.) shall be issued to them in future, and that rice shall be issued regularly to them as to the troops. The assistant commissary of subsistence informs me that these articles can be procured without any difficulty. Is tobacco a part of the ration for prisoners? If so, please cause the commanding officer to be notified.

I inclose herewith-Numbers 1, list of staff officers at post of Cahaba; * Numbers 2, diagram of Federal prison at Cahaba.

We leave this place to morrow for Jackson, Miss., and request that all official communications to Major Hall and myself be forwarded to that place, care of the assistant adjutant-general, district headquarters.

I am, colonel, with great respect, your obedient servant,

D. T. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

October 26, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

It appears from this report that many necessaries easily to be obtained are not procured for the prisoners from inefficiency of the officers in charge; hospital room especially, which was obtained on the suggestion of Colonel Chandler. An extract respecting the fifty Tennesseeans and insufficiency of the guard has been sent to General Taylor, commanding the department. This prison is another exemplification of the necessity of placing all under the control of one competent officer.

By order of General Cooper:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[Second indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 2, 1864.

Mr. S[HEPHERD]:

Make extracts of the parts applicable to the different branches of administration and send to the heads of bureaus.

J. A. S.

[Third indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 2, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

That part showing the insecurity of the prison should be sent to General Withers, and he be requested to furnish more complete guard from the reserves.

J. A. S.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

