
a stream of fresh water to play through it. A telegram from you of the date of August 20, 1864, requiring a report on the matter of introducing water into the camp from the city water-works, was answered August 21, 1864, there then being made a full report in the matter, that it would be inexpedient to admit water from the city water-works, as they failed to supply even the inhabitants of the city through the summer and fall months. A survey had been made, a copy of which was forwarded to you in letter of that date, of a ditch to be dug from the river. It seems tome that a due regard for the lives of the prisoners confined here requires that some method of introducing a running stream of water through this camp should be adopted, and in view of this I respectfully request authority to have the ditch constructed and the pipe laid after the plan proposed in this communication. The owners of the land do not object to the blind ditch, but did to the open ditch, as proposed by Lieutenant-Colonel Eastman in letter of August 17, 1864.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. TRACY,

Colonel 127th U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Depot.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., October 19, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to Major-General Halleck, chief of staff, with the previous report of Lieutenant-Colonel Eastman on the same subject.

The excavation required can be done be done by the work of the prisoners at a trifling cost, and a pipe to be made of one-inch boards, with an opening six by six inches, would probably cost less than $500, and of two-inch plank not over $1,000; and respectfully recommend that a pipe of two-inch plank be laid, the expense to be paid out of the prison fund.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Second indorsement.]

General Halleck approves verbally of the plan above suggested if it can be carried out. See letter to Commissary-General of Prisoners, October 23, 1864.

[Inclosure to first indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPOT FOR PRISONERS OF WAR,Elmira, N. Y., August 21, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: Pursuant to your telegraphic order I have the honor to forward you a copy of the survey made for the purpose of digging a ditch to let in water from the Chemung River to the pond inside the prisoners' camp. * The only survey necessary to be made was to ascertain the elevation of the river above the pond and the depth that the ditch should be dug. The length of the ditch will be 5,960 feet, the average depth about 6 feet, though for a short distance it will be 7 feet. The soil is very light and easily dug. It will run through four farms,

---------------

*Sketch omitted.

---------------

