
and two of the owners will not consent to have the work done for the reason, they say, that the next freshet will ruin all their land lying between the ditch and river. Probably it would change the course of the river and make islands of these lands, which are very valuable. Should heavy rains come on shortly this work would not be required, for the springs would then be full, as well as the river, and sufficient water would flow through the pond to keep it pure and sweet. The effusive smell of the pond has been occasioned more from the sinks than the drought. These sinks have all been removed and large, deep vaults have been dug which do not communicate with the pond excepting the little that sinks through the soil. This pond can be drained, or nearly so, by digging a small ditch to the river below it, but the surgeon is of the opinion that this would not answer. To let water in to this camp from the city water-works will be expensive and of no use at this season, for, owing to the want of rain, these water-works cannot supply the inhabitants with water. The length of the pipe to be laid to bring the water to the prisoners' camp will be about one mile and the cost about $5,000. The camp is now well supplied with excellent well water for cooking and drinking and the river supplies for washing and bathing. There are seven wells completed and a pump in each. Two more are to be made. These wells require to be dug only from 15 to 22 feet in depth.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. EASTMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Depot.

Weekly report of the condition of military prisons of Saint Louis, Mo.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 17, 1864.

Condition of Gratiot Street Prison. -Buildings, same as last reported; sinks and yards, satisfactory; kitchens and mess-rooms, very satisfactory; cleanliness of prisoners, very satisfactory; quarters and bedding, satisfactory; hospital, same as last reported.

Condition of Myrtle Street Prison. -Buildings, no change since last report; sinks and yards, clean; kitchens and mess-rooms, clean, but very poor places; cleanliness of prisoners, satisfactory; quarters and bedding, a little more accuracy demanded.

Colonel JOSEPH DARR, Jr., Acting Provost-Marshal-General:

COLONEL: The architect you authorized me to employ has commenced making the measurements at the place which is recommended by the committee of General Rosecrans for a new prison, and I expect to be able to submit estimates by the end of this week. I wish to state, however, that these estimates cannot now be made very correct, for the reason that the buildings are filled up with some thus and bales of cotton and hemp, so that in a great many instances the sizes of the rooms, and distances, thickness of the walls,&amp;c., cannot be correctly found. I will endeavor to do all as correctly and good as possible, in order to cause no delay, and to be able to commence work as soon as the Commissary-General of Prisoners has given his consent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GUST. HEINRICHS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Superintendent and Inspector of Military Prisons.

