
OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL OF PRISONERS, ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,

Rock Island, Ill., October 17, 1864.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON,

Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the condition of prison and prison hospital for the week ending to-day as follows:

The buildings, exterior and interior, are clean and comfortable. The grounds, streets, and avenues are free from all filth and in good order. The kitchens of both departments are in excellent condition. The clothing and bedding of the prisoners, by frequent washings and airings, are clean and comfortable. No change of importance since last report.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CARAHER,

Lieutenant Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps,

Provost-Marshal of Prisoners.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS, ILL.,October 21, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel William Hoffman, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners, with the remark that I concur with the within report.

The prison and hospital were visited on Wednesday by Major-General Hooker, commanding the department, who expressed himself as being well pleased with their condition and appearance.

A. J. JOHNSON,

Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.

OCTOBER 17, 1864.

Colonel B. J. SWEET, Commanding Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill.:

COLONEL: Your letter of October 8, reporting the increasing number of deaths among the prisoners, is received, and the necessity of ordering an experienced and capable medical officer to take charge has been laid before the Surgeon-General. Authority cannot be given to the subtler to sell vegetables to prisoners. A reasonable quantity may be purchased as antiscorbutic with the prison fund, and if this is not sufficient, cannot the meat part of the rations be still further reduced, covering the saving into a fund for the purchase of vegetables, without making it a part of the prison fund? Please give me your views on this matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., October 17, 1864.

Lieutenant General W. J. HARDEE,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Dept. of S. C., Ga., and Fla.:

GENERAL: Your communication of October 13, inch which you inform me of the removal of the Union prisoners of war from Charleston, is received.

