
been received, but are expected to arrive in a few days. The two hospital wards are about completed, and as soon as the bills can be collected together will furnish you with a statement of the cost.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. STEVENS,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Camp Morton.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. MILITARY PRISON,Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind., October 16, 1864.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS,

Commanding Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have during the week ending October 15, 1864, inspected this camp, and I have found the barracks, kitchens, and the grounds kept thoroughly policed every day, and the general health of the prison is greatly benefitted by the through policing and exercise the men are obliged to take in policing the grounds of the camp. Clothing and bedding have been issued to all destitute prisoners, with the exception of shoes, of which a sufficient quantity has not yet been received. Rations issued by the commissary of subsistence for the camp have been in compliance with orders, and potatoes have been issued every day during the week at the rate of eight ounces to each man. The two new wards of the hospital building are about completed and will be ready for use in a few days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

First Lieutenant, Veteran Reserve Corps, and Inspector.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,October 18, 1864.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: The accompanying are copies of letters addressed by Judge R. Ould, commissioner for the exchange of prisoners of war, to Honorable E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War, and to Lieutenant Colonel J. E. Mulford, assistant commissioner of exchange. * I have been authorized by the Secretary of War to make such arrangements as can be agreed upon for the mutual relief of prisoners held by the two parties. In the propositions submitted by Judge Ould I see no one thing to object to. I shall be perfectly willing to receive at any place held by Federal troops all clothing or delicacies sent for the use of prisoners in our hands, provided the same privilege is extended for supplying the wants of those held by the Confederate authorities. No objection will be urged to receiving supplies for like dis of our Northern cities for the same purpose. I would suggest, however, as a means of satisfying each party that all goods sent reach their proper destination, that a commissioned officer of each party, to be selected from among the prisoners of war, be paroled, to remain within the lines of the party now holding them, whose duty it shall be to receive and receipt for all articles sent for distribution, and who shall see that they are distributed according to the wishes of those sending.

---------------

*See October 6 and 7, pp. 926, 929.

---------------

