
until he hears from you. The prisoners will be at Red River Landing next Saturday, 22nd instant, at which time he expects you to meet him:

C. S. FLAG-OF-TRUCE BOAT CHAMPION, October 19, 1864.

Colonel C. C. DWIGHT, U. S. Commissioner of Exchange:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your last communication from New York Orleans, without date, forwarding to me the instructions of the Honorable Robert Ould, C. S. agent of exchange, authorizing me to deliver to you equivalents for C. S. naval officers and seamen, and the garrisons of the forts captured in Mobile Bay.

Your communication reached me while at Alexandria on my way with U. S. prisoners for exchange, as agreed upon between us at our last meeting. I regret that Admiral Buchanan is not included in this exchange, as it may complicate matters; the cartel of 1862 wisely provides for giving equivalents in officers of lesser grade for those of higher. I further ask of your courtesy to bring with you an numeration of the naval prisoners and of those captured at the forts in Mobile Bay, the memorandum furnished by you before having been left at Shreveport. The Red River is very low and I am now sounding to ascertain if it be possible to transport the prisoners by boat, otherwise they shall be marched by land.

On my arrival at your outpost I shall be able to fix the day of our meeting for exchange and will request the U. S. officers in command to advise you by telegraph of the day appointed for our meeting at our usual rendezvous, Red River Landing. The general commanding this department has desired me to effect the exchange of the following-named officers recently captured by your forces: Colonel Robert J. Barrow, Lieutenant-Colonel McEnery, Captain A. J. Rugley, Captain Priam, Captain McIntyre, Captain Baker, ex-Major E. B. Pendleton, Lieutenant S. M. Routh.

I trust you will bring the above-named officers together with all other prisoners in your possession, and if the ample surplus of officers and men delivered to you on 17th of June on parole should not in your judgment be sufficient guarantee you can trust me that I will faithfully or honorably requite the obligation. I take the liberty to inclose from an esteemed lady friend a note to an officer in your army and hope it may elicit prompt response. The letter I request of you the courtesy to deliver and to bring with you to our rendezvous the reply.

I am, colonel, with great respect, your obedient servant,

IG. SZYMANSKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Assistant Agent of Exchange.

P. S. -Snaggy Point: The pilot has just returned from sounding the water; the water is too low so that I am compelled to abandon the boat at this point and proceed by land. The boat returns to Alexandria, and the prisoners will be brought as far as possible by water and marched thence by land.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.

CAMP CHASE, OHIO, October 20, 1864.

Colonel W. P. RICHARDSON, Commanding Post:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of an inspection of prisoners at this post, made pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 169, issued from post headquarters, Camp Chase, Ohio, dated August 22, 1864, in relation to personal cleanliness, clothing, bedding, quarters, kitchens, messing, sinks, policing of grounds, &amp;c.:

I have only to say that from frequent tours of inspection through the prisons I find the most perfect system of policing is organized possible under the existing circumstances. The facilities for cooking being such as to render it necessary for the prisoners to cook almost all hours of the day prevents a more thorough system of policing, which difficulty, however, is being rapidly obviated by the construction of ranges. The prison hospitals are situated in Prison Numbers 2. They are well conducted. They present a neat and healthy appearance, the bedding being frequently changed. The clothing of the inmates is frequently changed and kept clean. Some complaint has been made by the prisoners in regard to rations, both as to the quality and quantity, and upon a

