
thorough investigation of the matter I find they receive daily the full amount of rations as allowed by the Commissary-General of Prisoners, and as to quality, they are of the same quality as the rations issued to U. S. troops at this post and could be no better. The prisoners present a healthy appearance, being much improved since their arrival at this post.

I am, colonel, most respectfully, your most obedient servant,

F. S. PARKER,

Captain and Inspector of Prisons.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Chase, Ohio, October 24, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel Hoffman, Commissary-General. The cooking ranges are being erected as far as possible.

W. P. RICHARDSON,Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,

October 20, 1864.

General R. E. LEE, C. S. Army,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: Your letter of yesterday, accepting the terms offered for the mutual relief of prisoners of war held by each party, is received. Your understanding of my proposition is perfectly correct. I have no objection to limiting the articles to be sent to simple necessaries or to extending as much as you will agree to. It is my desire that all prisoners of war should be made as comfortable as it is possible for prisoners under restraint to be, and I will favor any proposition looking to that end.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,October 20, 1864.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

Understanding from your letter of the 19th that the colored prisoners who were employed at work in the trenches near Fort Gilmer have been withdrawn, I have directed the withdrawal of the Confederate prisoners employed in Dutch Gap Canal. I shall always regret the necessity of retaliating for wrongs done our soldiers, but regard it my duty to protect all persons received into the Army of the United States, regardless of color or nationality. When acknowledged soldiers of the Government are captured they must be treated as prisoners of war, or such treatment as they receive inflicted upon an equal number of prisoners held by us. I have nothing to do with the discussion of the slavery question, therefore decline answering the arguments adduced to show the right to return to former owners such negroes as are captured from our Army.

In answer to the question at the conclusion of your letter, I have to state that all prisoners of war falling into my hands shall receive the kindest possible treatment consistent with securing them, unless I have

