
good authority for believing any number of our men are being treated otherwise. Then, painful as it may be to me, I shall inflict like treatment on an equal number of Confederate prisoners.

Hoping that it may never become my duty to order retaliation upon any man held as prisoners of war,

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[OCTOBER 20, 1864. -For Butler's General Orders, Numbers 134, releasing Confederate prisoners employed on the Dutch Gap Canal, see Series I, Vol. XLII, Part III, p. 286.]

OFFICE ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER,

Camp Chase, Ohio, October 21, 1864.

Colonel W. P. RICHARDSON, Commanding Camp Chase, Ohio:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the completion of the new prison hospital at this post, as directed by Colonel Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, in communication dated September 12, 1864. The building as finished consists of two wards, with kitchen and mess-room attached, in accordance with plan submitted to Commissary-General of Prisoners with his modifications; also a wing arranged as follows, viz, a room for the surgeon, an office, dispensary, store-room, a room for the stewards, and one for the attendants. Total cost, $3,306. 22.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. J. KERR,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 21, 1864.

Captain ALLEN,

Commanding Gration Street Military Prison, Saint Louis, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I have dispensed with the Saint Charles Street military prison, and have this day transferred the inmates to the Gratiot Street female military prison. In view of this increase, and of the character of the prisoners, it will be necessary that you should take additional precautions against their attempting to escape.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Acting Provost-Marshal-General.

Mrs. Hardesty and children and the young boy Woods, with his nurse, are held as hostages.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., October 21, 1864.

Lieutenant General W. J. HARDEE,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Dept. of S. C., Ga., and Fla.:

GENERAL: In view of the approaching winter and the consequent hardships to which prisoners of war will be subjected, I would earnestly

