
Your proposition has been forwarded to General Hardee, now commanding rebel forces in Charleston, whose reply will be forwarded to you as soon as received.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP CHASE, OHIO, October 22, 1864.

Colonel W. P. RICHARDSON, Commanding Post:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of an inspection of prisoners at this post for the week ending October 22, 1864, made pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 169, issued from post headquarters and dated August 22, 1864, in relation to personal cleanliness, bedding, kitchens, sinks, policing, draining of grounds, &amp;c.:

Prison Numbers 1 contains rebel officers exclusively. This prison presents a neat and healthy appearance. The grounds are well policed prisoners. This prison is well drained and policed. It also contains the hospitals, which are kept in a neat and healthy condition, the bedding being frequently changed. The clothing of the inmates is also frequently changed, and they are kindly cared for. Prison Numbers 3 is also in a healthy condition, rendered as much so as constant policing and drainage can possibly make it. The prisons are yet under the immediate control of Lieutenant Sankey. This officer spares no pains to render the prisoners comfortable and yet manages to the best interest of the Government. The rations issued to prisoners are of the best quality and are issued at proper times. The ranges, of which frequent mention has been made, are in as rapid course of construction as possible.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

F. S. PARKER,

Captain, Eighty-eighth Ohio Vol. Infty., and Asst. Insp. of Prisons.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAMP CHASE, OHIO, November 2, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

The patients in hospital have been removed to the new hospital.

W. P. RICHARDSON,Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

JOHNSON'S ISLAND, OHIO, October 22, 1864.

Colonel CHARLES W. HILL,

Commanding Forces, Johnson's Island, Ohio:

COLONEL: We, the undersigned, chiefs of messes, at the urgent request of the prisoners, would respectfully request you to increase the ration now issued to us. It is a well-known fact that the ration now issued to us is not sufficiently large for men in good health. The majority of the prisoners have been compelled to subsist on two meals per day, but the present issue is not sufficient to make two meals which will satisfy for twenty-four hours. The ration issued to us last winter, which was larger than the one now given, together with what we were permitted to receive from friends and purchase from the subtler,

