
was ample, but it must be apparent to you that the recent order of Colonel Hoffman cutting off both express and subtler and a portion of the ration, leaves the present issue an insufficiency. We will, in conclusion, respectfully urge you to increase our ration by an issue of anything eatable that you may see fit and which will make what is now given sufficient to satisfy our hunger.

Awaiting your reply, we remain, colonel,

Your most obedient servants,

JOHN A. FITE,

Colonel Seventh Tennessee Infantry, Chief of First Division.

J. F. KENT,

Second Lieutenant, 16th Louisiana Infty., Chief of Second Division.

B. F. PEARCE,

Block 8, Mess 2.

[And thirty-one others.]

[OCTOBER 22, 1864. -For Rosecrans to Price, in relation to Confederate prisoners captured in U. S. uniform and their treatment, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XLI, Part III, p. 1011.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 251. Richmond, October 22, 1864.

* * * *

IX. The Quartermaster-General will designate an officer of his department who shall be charged with the purchase of all currency of the United States which may be needed for the purpose of the Government. In making purchases of currency said officer shall conform to the rate of exchange which shall be established from time to time by the Quartermaster-General. The currency thus purchased shall be issued only on the order of the Quartermaster-General, which shall prescribe the terms on which it is to be issued. It being expedient that there shall be but one purchaser of this currency, the wants of the other departments of the Government will, as far as practicable, be supplied under the foregoing regulations.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,

City Point, Va., October 23, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith for your information copies of the following correspondence:

First. My communication of date October 18 to General R. E. Lee, commanding Confederate Army of Northern Virginia, in relation to the proposition submitted by Judge Ould, commissioner for the exchange of prisoners, C. S., for the relief of prisoners held by both parties. *

Second. Reply of General R. E. Lee, C. S. Army, thereto. *

Third. My reply of date October 20 to same. *

---------------

*See pp. 1008, 1009, 1018.

---------------

