
WASHINGTON, D. C., October 23, 1864.

Colonel B. F. TRACY,

Commanding Depot Prisoners of War, Elmira, N. Y.:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 17th instant reporting the prevalence of disease among the prisoners, owing to the existence in the camp of a stagnant pool of water, is received. The suggestion made by you that a pipe be laid to conduct the water from the river above into the pond within the inclosure, with a view to remove the material exhalation from the stagnant water, is approved, and will be carried into immediate effect if the soil through which the ditch is to be dug is of a character to be readily excavated and there are no other obstacles. All the labor must be performed by the prisoners, and the cost must be paid out of the prison fund. The pipe will be constructed of two-inch plank, the opening to be six inches square, the joints to be well pitched to prevent leaking. To unite the several lengths of pipe let the end of one be believed off five or six inches, while the other is made flaring, so that one may be forced into the other to make a close joint. Constructed in this way, the whole work should not cost over $120. Make inquiries in relation to the work in all its particulars and report to me before it is commenced. What time will it require to complete it; how many prisoners can you safely employ on it at a time; where will you obtain the necessary tools, &amp;c.?The fall rains may be expected to come on very soon, which for this winter will do away with the necessity for the work.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

DEPOT OF PRISONERS OF WAR,

Near Sandusky, Ohio, October 23, 1864.

Captain J. F. HUNTINGTON, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit herewith my Sunday morning report of the condition of the prison and prisoners:

The police of quarters and grounds in the prison is good, with the exception of part of Block 10 and one room in Block 4, and measures have been taken to compel the occupants of the block and room above mentioned to have them put in perfect order. The sinks are not as clean as usual on account of the snow and mud and the fact of the walks to them not all being completed. The recent order of the Commissary-General of Prisoners requires the pits for sinks on the east side to be fifteen feet by ten, but the old sink buildings are only nine feet by fourteen. I would respectfully recommend that the dimensions of the pits be reduced to correspond with the size of the old buildings, the difference being so little. The sanitary condition of the prisoners continues good. Whole number of prisoners, 2,601; number of sick in hospital, 52; deaths since last report, 1. There are four blocks in the prison that are not coiled, Nos. 5, 11, 12, and 13. The prisoners in some of them have applied for permission to purchase lumber and put the ceiling on themselves. I would respectfully recommend that, in view of their exposed position to all winds and their open condition, the above-named blocks be coiled by the prisoners, the Government furnishing the material. I think the saving in fuel would nearly compensate for the expenditure. Upon the suggestion of Major-General Hitchcock, commissioner for exchange, who was through the prison recently, I have the

65 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII

