
honor to suggest a few changes in the prison regulations, which from a careful observation I am satisfied would be preferable to those having charge of the prisoners and work equally with the prisoners themselves. Instead of permitting prisoners to receive clothing by express from relatives and sick prisoners eatables, allow nothing but money to come to the commanding officer, and permit the subtler to sell such articles of common material and color as are now prescribed in orders, and on surgeon's certificate to sell a few articles of diet. My reasons for the change proposed are that there are constant and persistent attempts to smuggle in money and contraband articles, which even the most minute examination of the packages cannot always detect. It would also do away with the attempts at contraband correspondence, a specimen of which I inclose. * I would also recommend that the following articles be added to the list of articles the subtler is permitted to sell: Wash basins, spittoons, tin cups, pails and tubs, washboards, mops, blacking and brushes, leather, pegs, &amp;c., for repairing shoes, buttons and paper collars.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. SCOVILL,

Lieutenant Colonel 128th Ohio Vol. Infty., Superintendent of Prison.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Johnson's Island, October 24, 1864.

Approved and respectfully forwarded to Colonel W. Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

The variation in the size of sinks from 9 to 14 (the present size of the buildings), instead of 10 by 15, as proposed by the Commissary-General of Prisoners, seemed to be so plainly a practical necessity that I have ordered it. The proposed ceiling up of the blocks not now coiled I regard as judicious and necessary. I also expressly approve of the proposed change in the manner of obtaining supplies for prisoners. It would produce better results with much less labor and trouble to those of this command connected with the prison service, but I do not think it would do away with attempts at contraband correspondence. I concur in the recommendation to increase the range of articles to be sold by the subtler. I have the honor to submit a petition, dated 22nd instant, and addressed to me, in relation to rations, and recommend that prisoners be permitted to buy a few necessary vegetables and plain articles of food of the subtler in the prescribed mode, to be paid for with their own money.

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

CAMP DOUGLAS, Chicago, Ill., October 23, 1864.

Lieutenant H. V. MORRIS, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: In pursuance to Special Orders, Numbers 317, dated headquarters post, Chicago, Ill., August 22, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report: The prisoners' square is in good condition, being policed daily. Repairs have been completed in most of the old barracks. Nearly all of the windows have been repaired; also the majority of the roofs. Another week will probably complete the needed repairs. The health and comfort of the prisoners require the issue of

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

