
stoves and fuel very soon. A new wash-house is nearly completed, containing six large boilers, which will doubtless be of great value to the prisoners in respect to personal cleanliness. Workmen are employed in laying down a six inch water pipe, which, when ready for use, will supply the camp with all the water that can be sued. Straw has been issued to 500 that have been furnished with bed-sacks by their friends. If the prisoners could all supply themselves with bed-sacks, but few, if any more, blankets would be required during the winter. The kitchens, without an exception, are in the very best possible condition. Everything pertaining to them is thoroughly clean. The messes areas well prepared as they can be with the cooking conveniences allowed them, namely, one large Farmer's boiler to a kitchen. The hospitals are in fair condition. The tables are well supplied with vegetables and such other articles of diet as are usually found in hospitals.

Respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

M. BRIGGS,

First Lieutenant, Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps,

Special Inspector Camp Douglas.

PRISON CAMP, Elmira, N. Y., October 23, 1864.

Lieutenant R. J. MCKEE, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to orders I have made weekly inspection of camp and have the honor to report its police as good as the condition of the grounds (muddy) will allow. There is nothing special to report except perhaps a want of conveniences for doing the washing for the hospitals. The work is done by a detailed of nine men. The number of pieces washed daily is about 600. This work is all done in one kettle in the open air and with only as head of eight by twelve feet for the men. At least three kettles are needed and building that will protect them from storms.

Yours, respectfully,

B. MUNGER,

Captain and Inspector of Camp.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPOT OF PRISONERS OF WAR,Elmira, N. Y., October 24, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to Colonel William Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

The report relative to the want of conveniences for washing at hospital is correct. A laundry is required, also an addition to the hospital kitchen, and a new mess-room to accommodate about 200 patients, who are able to walk to their meals. The hospital wards will be very cold this winter and should be coiled, as it is too late and they are too full of patients to be plastered.

B. F. TRACY,

Colonel 127th U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Depot.

COLLIER'S HOUSE, near Vicksburg, October 23, 1864.

Major General N. J. T. DANA, Commanding, &amp;c., Vicksburg:

GENERAL: I am here with some prisoners of war, citizen employees, and soldiers, and ask of you to name some one to meet me for the purpose of carrying out the subject of the flag.

