
It certainly will not be urged that any trade regulations or military restraints that may exist now will affect any contract made with a duly authorized agent of the United States Government previous to these commercial or military orders.

I know that malicious persons on both sides have embarrassed that arrangement by misrepresentation and downright falsehood. thus it appears in the Vicksburg Herald that Major Shorey met a large train of wagons loaded with $15,000 worth of supplies for the lunatic asylum, when, indeed, the lunatic asylum was without any patients, as he had been credibly informed while in Jackson.

Now both points in this paragraph can be proved to be false. At the time Major Shorey was in Jackson and also when the article was printed we had 106 inmates and the value of the articles for asylum referred to by Major Shorey did not exceed $5,000. I can refer you to Mrs. Cooke, of Vicksburg, a highly respectable and intelligent, lady, who was with me when we met Major Shorey, as to the value of the goods, the destination of the supplies, and the number of patients in the asylum at the time she reached here, for I may say she spent some ten days with me.

I also send you some papers which will show you that this matter was discussed in the prints and was made a subject of legislative investigation thereupon, and the short and concise report of Mr. Anderson clearly shows that I not only acted upon authority, but that the goods were for the benefit of the poor lunatics. The sources of information I have indicated seemed to me ought to be satisfactory. If they are not please point out to me what must be done to make it more plain and satisfactory.

The patients need the goods and must suffer a great deal if you determine not to let them be brought out. They have been paid for and belong to the lunatic asylum, purchased under a permit of a duly authorized officer of the United States. I am now at the picket-post with the flag of truce, and hope to have an interview with you or that you will answer and authorize me to bring out the goods. If you prefer you can send them to the lines and I can receive them there at some time when I am prepared to haul them away. I cannot leave this matter without again assuring you that I have acted with fidelity in this whole transaction and solely for the benefit of a class who have suffered the greatest of temporal calamities.

I remain, yours, very respectfully,

ROBERT KELLS,

Superintendent.

P. S. -I have thought proper to ask you to continue the arrangement I entered into with Generals Slocum and McArthur to exchange cotton for supplies for the Insane Hospital. I will give you any assurance desired that these necessaries shall alone be for this object. Again I subscribe myself,

Yours, &amp;c.,

R. K.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,October 23, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR, Richmond:

SIR: I have the honor to forward herewith a copy of the communication I sent to General Grant, in accordance with the instructions received from you, and the reply of General Grant. *

---------------

*See Lee to Grant, October 19, and Grant to Lee, October 20, p. 1018.

---------------

