
You will perceive that the prisoners have been removed from Dutch Gap. Nothing is said as to those put at labor in retaliation for the return of recaptured slaves to their owners. I conclude they have been removed, too, as the entire camp is gone.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[First indorsement.]

OCTOBER 24, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the President for his information.

It will be perceived that while General Grant manifests a disposition to avoid the necessity of enforcing the odious measures inaugurated by General Butler, he sustains his position, and clearly avers his purpose to retaliate in case any of his soldiers, whether recaptured slaves or not, are treated otherwise than as prisoners of war. The issue is therefore made in regard to recaptured slaves, though the necessity of pressing it for the present is avoided.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

OCTOBER 25, 1864.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

The correspondence between General Lee, C. S. Army, and General Grant, U. S. Army, is returned.

The result removes the necessity of placing prisoners held by us in a position corresponding to that in which the enemy had placed some of our troops held by them as prisoners of war. The issue presented is sufficiently covered by General Lee's letter, and the threat made by General Grant is in contrast with the gentlemanly bearing of General Lee. Should he execute his threat, we will of course meet if by retaliation, in kind and with full measure; but it is unnecessary to reply, the question asked by General Lee being a sufficient notice.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

COLUMBIA, S. C., October 23, 1864.

JEFFERSON DAVIS, President of the Southern Confederacy:

YOUR EXCELLENCY: The undersigned citizens of Columbia respectfully represent that there are now in our suburbs several thousand Yankee prisoners, besides those confined in the jail of the city. That the said prisoners enjoy privileges through their subtler of purchasing eggs, butter, sweet potatoes, and other luxuries apart from the rations furnished to them by the Government, which privilege, industriously employed by their agents on the railroads and elsewhere, has deprived our citizens of the opportunity of making purchases of the aforesaid articles, except at the most unusual and exorbitant rates; that our own soldiers at this post enjoy no such privileges and justly complain action that has been made in favor of their enemy. We further respectfully represent that Confederate officers recently released from the Northern prisons all unite in the declaration that the Federal Government have debarred our own prisoners in their hands from the enjoyment of any facilities for purchasing articles of necessity and deprived them of ordinary comforts.

Under these circumstances we take the liberty of suggesting to Your Excellency the propriety of issuing through the proper channel, directly or indirectly, such an order to the commandant of the prisons

