
at this post as shall protect our own citizens in the purchase of such articles as are now largely purchased by these confined Federals, and at the same time prevent the bestowal of more favor upon them than is granted to Confederate prisoners at the North.

We have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. GOODWYIN,

Mayor.

RUFUS M. JOHNSTON.

E. J. ARTHUR.

[First indorsement.]

OCTOBER 27, 1864.

Secretary of War for remarks.

J. D.

[Second indorsement.]

OCTOBER 29, 1864.

General GARDNER:

For report to enable me to reply to the President's call for information.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS POST, Richmond, October 31, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Adjutant and Inspector General with the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Urquhart, referred to me by Colonel Chilton, assistant adjutant-general, and attention called to my indorsement thereon. * I can give no information on the subject without referring the paper to Columbia for remarks. I have an officer there, Colonel R. W. Martin, Invalid Corps, upon whom I can rely in all matters. He has been recently sent there.

W. M. GARDNER,Brigadier-General.

RICHMOND, October 23, 1864.

Major IG. SZYMANSKI, Assistant Agent of Exchange:

SIR: Your several communications by Mr. Adams and Major Rose have been received.

First. You can carry out the proposition for settling the old transactions by giving such a number of officers and men now held in the Trans-Mississippi Department as when added to the 421 privates now due to you will equal the number named by General Thomas as having reported since April 1, 1864, and the reported offices and men of the Appeal Battery and the First Tennessee Artillery referred to in your letter of August 28, 1864.

Second. After you have secured the result named in the foregoing paragraph you will in the future strictly confine yourself to mutual deliveries of officers for officer and man for man. Engage in no transactions by which the enemy will be in debt to you. Wherever you have an opportunity of making a delivery to the enemy and of receiving an equal number of our people in return you will please embrace it. The equal number, however, given to you by the enemy must be actual captives held by them, and not officers and soldiers who have been released on parole.

---------------

*See October 26, p. 1046.

---------------

