
Third. The navy equivalents not specifically named in the cartel are as follows:

A lieutenant, master, and acting master all rate alike, and each counts as a captain or six privates or seamen.

An acting master's mate is the same as a master's mate, and counts as a lieutenant or four privates or seamen.

An ensign or acting ensign in the navy counts as four privates.

A paymaster counts as a major. An assistant paymaster counts as a captain.

Assistant engineers, boatswains, carpenters, gunners, sail makers, and midshipmen are all warrant officers, and each counts as three privates or seaman.

A pilot counts as two privates or seamen.

Officers and non-commissioned officers of the marines count as similar rank does in the army. Thus, a captain of marines counts as six, a lieutenant as four, and non-commissioned officer as two privates.

Fourth. I have already telegraphed you about the exchange of naval prisoners. I understand the enemy agrees to embrace the Fort Gaines prisoners in the arrangement. This you can do. You can surrender all the navy officers and men whom you have in your department, and if the Federals hold the excess you can make up your deficiency with army equivalents. I had an excess of navy prisoners on this side, and have received army equivalents for the surplus. Be careful only to deliver such parties as actually belong to the U. S. naval service. do not deliver anybody belonging to either the merchant or transport service. Officers and men of the marines will be delivered as navy prisoners. I am now negotiating as to officers and men of the merchant and transport service as a separate and independent matter. While you have more prisoners than you want you may always agree to a mutual delivery with the enemy, even if the officers and men you receive were captured this side of the Mississippi. Whatever you give in this way I will in due time return to you.

Fifth. I do not think you need apprehend any serious difficulties about conflict with military authorities. General Smith will hardly interfere with an exchange or delivery made by you in pursuance of orders given here. If such a thing does occur you must assert your authority, which, within the range of your orders, is plenary. At the same time I would counsel you to pay due respect to General Smith's views and wishes. It is more probable that General Smith may desire you to make deliveries rather than refuse them. If an order to that effect is the result of military necessity of course it would be your duty to obey it. I do not think you need apprehend any difficulty in this matter if you will make frank and full statements to General Smith as to your duties and orders.

Sixth. I would advise you to have nothing to do with the custody of prisoners. I have declined to do so on this side for many good reasons the War Department to appoint a commissary-general of prisoners, who shall have charge of all matters relating to the custody, safe-keeping, care, subsistence, and discipline of prisoners. I think such an officer will be speedily designated. I would recommend that an officer with similar functions be appointed by the proper authority, west of the Mississippi, who, of course, would be in constant communication with you and would receive such suggestions as you would see fit to make. I do not think you can well discharge both duties. If you think otherwise, however, you can put in your claim.

Seventh. In the case of Lieutenant Lindsay, who you say has a commission and wears the insignia of his rank, there can be no question

