
but that he should be rated as a lieutenant. The Federals here have never pretended to make so absurd a claim as that such a person is not an officer. Not one officer in a hundred with us has a commission. If he is entered on the muster-roll as an officer by virtue of an election he is thereby made an officer. Lieutenant Lindsay's case is even stronger than this. What matter is it to us if he is not mustered for pay? Suppose he never should be. The true question is, how he is regarded by his command, and does he discharge the duties of an officer. If the Federals refuse to receive him as a lieutenant do not deliver him. Hold on to him until they are ready to do justice.

Eighth. It is to be earnestly hoped that the military commanders will not make special exchanges. By special exchanges I mean when an officer like Captain Dillingham is sent to secure the exchange of Captain Fowler. All such things are against our declared policy, and department commanders on this side are instructed not to make them. They not only lead to great confusion, but are open to the charge of partiality. If Captain Fowler, in pursuance of this arrangement were sent South on truce boat, and I know nothing of General Magruder's arrangement (as it is I only accidently informed), I would have to give another equivalent for him.

Ninth. If you apply for lists of prisoners and they are not reported to you, make immediate complaint to the proper officer and have the delinquent brought to an account. Surely, in so necessary a matter you will be sustained by commanding officers. Where the offense is repeated it would be ground for court-martial and dismissal.

Tenth. Be very careful whenever you make any deliveries or exchanges to send me the lists of both Confederate and Federal officers delivered or declared exchange, as soon as possible.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 24, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER, &amp;c., Fort Monroe:

SIR: In my communication of the 27th of July last, respecting the officers and crew of the Alabama, I did not mentioned their number. The number brought on board the Kearsarge and paroled was five officers and sixty-one men. The total number of officers and men at the commencement of the engagement was about 150. In a matter of exchange we are entitled to as much, I should think, as 15 officers and 130 met. I hope these men will not be forgotten in the account of exchanges.

Very respectfully,

G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary of the Navy.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., October 24, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commissioner for Exchange, Fort Monroe, Va.:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs the special exchange of Captain James Gilliss, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, captured near

