
Strasburg, October 19, for a rebel officer of equal rank. Please propose the exchange to Mr. Ould, and if accepted, an officer will be forwarded immediately.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,October 24, 1864.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

There seems to be some mistake in the execution of orders about invalid prisoners to go south to Savannah, which you will please rectify. I want all the disabled, such as have lost limbs, as well as those sick; all those wounded who can be moved and are not fit for service within sixty days.

Please send orders to the commanders of the several prison depots at Point Lookout, Fort Delaware, and Baltimore and elsewhere to have that class of prisoners paroled and ready for delivery at once. The fleet is now ready to take them. Please telegraph Colonel Mulford how many will be ready at each place and when.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Commissioner of Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. MILITARY PRISON,Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind., October 24, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit herewith report of Lieutenant J. W. Davidson, inspector of the camp, for the week ending October 23, 1864. I would respectfully state that two new hospital wards have been completed (as reported in my letter of the 20th instant), and also that the administrative building and kitchen for the new hospital are nearly finished, according to your specifications. Should you decide to have four more hospital wards constructed, we can then covert the old hospital now in use into barracks, which would accommodate the prisoners now occupying tents. Awaiting your instructions,

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. STEVENS,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. MILITARY PRISON,Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind., October 23, 1864.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS,

Commanding Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that during the week ending October 22 this camp has been kept thoroughly policed in every respect and the general health of the prisoners still continues to improve, but barracks are very much needed for those men now occupying the tents. The rations issued by the commissary of subsistence for this camp have been in compliance to orders, and potatoes have been issued every day during the week at the rate of eight ounces to each man.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

First Lieutenant, Veteran Reserve Corps, and Inspector.

