
Weekly report of the condition of the military prisons of Saint Louis, Mo.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 25, 1864.

Condition of Gratiot Street Prison. -Buildings, same as last report; sinks and yards, very clean; kitchens and mess-rooms, satisfactory; cleanliness of prisoners, very satisfactory; quarters and bedding, kept in good order; hospital, no change since last report.

Condition of Myrtle Street Prison. -Buildings, in need of repairs; sinks and yards, not exactly satisfactory; kitchens and mess-rooms, clean but unhealthy places; cleanliness of prisoners, satisfactory; quarters and bedding, satisfactory.

Colonel JOSEPH DARR,

Acting Provost-Marshal-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

COLONEL: The general appearance of our prisons is the same as last reported. I am particularly pleased with the administration of Captain Allen, of Gratiot Street Prison. Everything seems to work well. At Myrtle Street Prison things do not look so well. I think there ought to be more system and accuracy. In order to form a correct opinion of the administration of that place I shall continue being vigilant and report such facts favorable or unfavorable as I may be able to discover. I have to-day received all the plans of the intended new military prison and am busily engaged in making estimates. I expect having the honor to lay a complete report before you in a few days. Gratiot Street Prison is again very much over filled by the arrival of the mutineers of the Enrolled Militia. I am of the opinion that this class of prisoners should not be kept together with rebels, but be sent to work on fortifications here or elsewhere where they will suffer more for their crimes than we can punish them at Gratiot Street Prison. I respectfully recommend this matter to your earliest consideration.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

GUST. HEINRICHS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Inspector and Superintendent of Military Prisons.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., October 26, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel William Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, with approval.

The officer at Myrtle Street Prison will be cautioned as to the necessity of the strictest attention to his duties, and if he done not improve will be removed. The presence of a large number of mutineers of the First Enrolled Missouri Militia at the Gratiot Street Prison will only be temporary, at the request of Brigadier-General Ewing, commanding Saint Louis District.

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Acting Provost-Marshal-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 25, 1864.

Lieutenant RICHARDSON, Assistant Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: The following indorsement of the Commissary-General of Prisoners is furnished for your information:

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., October 21, 1864.

A prisoner of war is liable to be tried and punished for violating the rules of war, and after the expiration of his sentence he remains still a prisoner of war subject to

