
exchange. A citizen prisoner, though reported to this office, if tried and convicted, will be released from custody at the expiration of the term of confinement fixed by his sentence.

WM. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third U. S. Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Acting Provost-Marshal-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., October 25, 1864.

Rear-Admiral D. G. FARRAGUT,

Commanding Western Gulf Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: In a conference had by me on the 23rd instant with Major Ig. Szymanski, C. S. agent of exchange for the Trans-Mississippi Department, he informed me that he was instructed by the general commanding his department to decline to exchange the naval prisoners held by them in Texas unless all the naval prisoners captured by you in Mobile Bay, for whom equivalents could be given by them, should be included in the exchange.

Major Szymanski was unable to furnish me with a complete enumeration of the naval prisoners remaining in Texas, not having with him all the date from which to make it; but from the best information he could give me, correct by the statements of our own officers just from the rebel prisons, I have been able to arrive at the following, which I think is nearly correct:

Name of vessel. 	 Officers. 	 Men.

Morning Light. 	 4	 41

Clifton. 	 5	 70

Sachem. 	 3	 25

Signal. 	 8	 55

Wave. 	 12	 34

Granite City. 	 11	 50

Other vessels. 	 . . . 	 25

Total. 	 43	 300

To exchange for these were sent to this city of the C. S. Navy and Marine Corps captured in Mobile Bay, 23 officers, 261 men.

These numbers must be somewhat reduced for deaths, escapes, and enlistment in our own service, so that there can be no question that the excess of naval prisoners is in favor of the enemy, even if all the officers captured in Mobile Bay were to be included.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. C. DWIGHT,

Colonel and Agent of Exchange.

Proceedings of a military commission convened at Rock Island Barracks, Ill., at 3 p. m., October 25, 1864.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS, Numbers 208. Rock Island, Ill., October 25, 1864.

I. A commission is hereby ordered to convene at 3 p. m. this day, or so soon thereafter as practicable, to inquire into the shooting of John P. McClanahan, a prisoner of war of Barracks Numbers 8 on the night of the 24th instant, and will consist of the

