
Allow me, captain with all due respect for you and the one in whose name you issued the order revoking an appointment (one fora week or ten days only) made by me and approved by the officer in command of the post, to make the following remarks, which I hope will not be considered impertinent or in any way showing a disrespect toward the general commanding prisons.

James Selman, Jr., the regularly appointed subtler of this post, left several weeks ago, having received a sick furlough for thirty days. I do not know precisely what day he ought to be here again, but am certain it must be within eight or ten days. I did not wish to appoint any one in his place during his temporary absence, but the conduct of the guard, as well as prisoners, became so that I was compelled to do something to arrest the traffic between guard and prisoners, which was carried on boldly and under my own eyes. Prisoners who have money will buy such things as they can get. It is immaterial for them from whom they buy from any one who offers such things for sale as they wish to buy. Knowing that Selman was shortly to be home, and with a view to arrest as much as possible the illegal traffic which would completely demoralize the troops, I appointed James Duncan, with the approval of the colonel commanding. Why I appointed Duncan is simple, because I could not get a stranger who would have been willing to undertake the job for such a short time and because I did not know of any one. Duncan in his capacity as employe at the prison has free access to the prison. If he cannot be trusted he ought to be dismissed altogether. In his capacity, not speaking of his being subtler pro tem., he had all the opportunities to do any amount of rascality if he sees proper to do so. Not having bee yet informed by any one that he ever did anything wrong, and not having see anything wrong about him myself, I gave him the subtler ship in charge during Selman's absence.

I have never been bought by Mr. Selman nor Mr. Duncan either to give either of them the appointment, but acted solely with the view of promoting the interest of the prison under my charge. It was never my intention to deprive Mr. Selman of his position, which, if due bills which I have seen in his possession, and from what he has told me himself, has been equally beneficial to himself as well as to some of his friends.

Another remark allow me to make. The appointment of subtler ought to rest with the officer in command of the prison, subject, of course, to the approval of the post commandant. The reason why this ought to be so is a plain one. The subtler has in his capacity free access to the prison, guided, however, by rules and regulations laid down by the commandant of the prison. If the subtler is appointed by any one else he is not under the control of the commandant of the prison has no right to dismiss him. He must first make his complaint to the officer who appointed him, and if the subtler can lie well, he can get out of any scrape; and the officer of the prison becomes a puppet, who has no authority whatever. I, for my part, would pity any officer who had lost all self-respect and who would ever undertake to manage a prison and have a subtler at that prison who is not under his immediate control.

I have said all I wish to say. I have suspended Mr. Duncan unless you should see proper to countermand your order to Colonel Gibbs.

At the close of this lengthy communication allow me to say most respectfully that it has made me feel badly that the general commanding

66 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII

