
not wholly sufficient to perform the work. A limited number may have to be purchased. The whole work can be completed in from twelve to fifteen days from its commencement. I am making preparations and shall commence the work immediately, unless otherwise ordered by telegram.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. TRACY,

Colonel, Commanding Depot.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,October 26, 1864-2. 40 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel MULFORD:

All the invalid prisoners on this side are at Point Lookout. Take as many of your best vessels as necessary to take about 3,000. Inform the Confederate agent of exchange at Pulaski that there are as many more ready for delivery on the Mississippi as soon as the place is agreed upon. Colonel Hoffman informs me that these are all that are here. I will forward your orders in the morning and save you the trouble of reporting here again unless something new arises.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

NEW YORK, October 26, 1864.

General THOMAS:

GENERAL: I am a paroled prisoner of war just arrived from Richmond, Va., and previous to that from Charleston, S. C. We were confined in the jail yard of the latter place several weeks. While there I learned that two of yours scouts were in solitary confinement in jail, kept on one meal of mush and a little meat per day. I found means to communicate with them through a negro boy that took their food to them. They gave their names as James Pike, Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Company A; Charles R. Gray, Fifth Iowa Cavalry, Company D, and say they were taken on the 5th of June near Augusta, Ga., in uniform and under arms, and narrowly escaped being hanged. They are suffering very much, not being allowed to wash themselves or clothes but seldom, and, in spite of all, are true as steel and breathe vengeance against the rebels when they get out. They were much disappointed that they did not go with those who were exchanged last month according to arrangements made between Generals Hood and Sherman.

Trusting you will be able to do something for their release,

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. B. STOKES,

Ensign, U. S. Navy.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Nashville, Tenn., November 1, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners, with request that two rebel prisoners of war be selected as hostages for the within-named men, viz, Corpl. James Pike, Company A, Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, and Private Charles R. Gray, Company D, Fifth Iowa Cavalry, two scouts sent by me into the country occupied by the

