
rebel army in May last. I would also request that the rebel authorities be informed that hostages have been selected and will be subjected to the same treatment as they inflict upon the two soldiers named.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., November 16, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War for instructions.

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier General, U. S. Vols., Inspector and Com. General of Prisoners.

[Third indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, November 17, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the commissioner for the exchange of prisoners.

By order of Secretary of War:

LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Fourth indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 19, 1864.

The Secretary of War directs that the recommendation of General Whipple be carried into immediate effect, and that the rebel authorities be advised as suggested by General W. The Commissary-General of Prisoners will designate the rebel officers, &amp;c.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

A. M. Braxton gives notice of the reception from Salisbury, N. C., of 306 Federal prisoners, sent as officers, but among whom were found several enlisted men acting as servants, and asks what disposition shall be made of them. *

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 26, 1864.

Respectfully returned to General Gardner. Our officers are not allowed to have servants, and I hope these Yankees will not have any such comfort extended to them. I also hope the hostages referred to will be kept in close confinement and in irons, as the parties are for whom they are held. If chains only can be procured they should be used rather than nothing. In the meantime would it not be well to provide for this difficulty by having proper irons made for these and other cases which may arise?

[RO. OULD.]

C. C. Herrington, Company E, Eighth Confederance Cavalry, paroled prisoner, makes statement of the manner in which our prisoners are made to work by the Federals. *

---------------

*Original papers not found.

---------------

