
[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 26, 1864.

Referred to Lieutenant-Colonel Mulford.

This is only one of the many evidences which have been presented to me of the compulsory working of our prisoners by the Federal authorities. At Point Lookout, also, our prisoners are compelled to do labor, such as work on fortifications.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

OCTOBER 26, 1864.

Memoranda sent to Major John E. Mulford.

Captain J. J. Snyder, Thirty-first Louisiana Infantry, is now held as a prisoner at Johnson's Island. He was captured and paroled at Vicksburg July 4, 1863. He has never been declared exchanged. He was arrested in Louisiana last February, and at the time claimed his rights as a paroled officer. His representations were disregarded and he is now held as a prisoner. Will you not release him on parole?

Chaplain John S. Laird, First Missouri Regiment, is held as a prisoner at Johnson's Island. This is in direct violation of our agreement, and I hope he will be immediately released.

Please inform me where Lieutenant Richard Lewis, of the Palmetto Sharpshooters, is? He fell wounded in your hands on the 7th October last in the fight on the Darbytown road. His family do not know whether he is dead or alive.

[RO. OULD.]
HEADQUARTERS VAUGHN'S CAVALRY FORCES,Morristown, East Tenn., October 26, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS, Richmond, Va.:

I am gratified to state that I have driven the enemy from a large portion of East Tennessee within their fortifications at Strawberry Plains and Knoxville with a force not exceeding one-half of theirs. With my small force my stay so near the enemy may be but short. I find in this section of East Tennessee forage in abundance, fine crops of corn and wheat, and large numbers of beeves and hogs.

Permit me to bring to your notice the fact that a large number of the best citizens of East Tennessee are now in confinement at Knoxville, held by the Federal authorities as hostages for citizen prisoners of East Tennessee now confined in different prisons in the Confederacy. The U. S. authorities at Knoxville, Tenn., propose to make an entire exchange of citizen prisoners with me. Those held by the Confederate Government are a low-down, vagabond set, whilst those of ours held by them are of the wealthiest and most influential class of loyal citizens of East Tennessee. Our Government could have nothing to lose but all to gain by the exchange, therefore I respectfully ask of you, if agreeable with your views, to have Colonel Ould send forward all citizen prisoners of East Tennessee for exchange.

You will, I hope, excuse me for addressing you direct upon this subject, for the reason that I am personally acquainted with all the parties and the condition of affairs in this department from the commencement of the war to the present time.

