
If this proposition of mine is not accepted, permit me to ask that two prisoners, to wit, Seth Lea and Jessee R. Blackburn, who are now confined at Salisbury, N. C., be sent to me to exchange for two other good, loyal citizens, which I agreed to do some time ago, and I feel that my honor as a gentleman and Confederate officer is at stake.

I am, wight great respect, your most obedient servant,

JOHN C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Forces.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES EAST TENNESSEE,Morristown, Tenn., October 26, 1864.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding Dept. of S. W. Virginia and East Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have received communication from Brigadier-General Carter, provost-marshal at Knoxville, offering to exchange all the citizen prisoners now in the hands of the Federal authorities for all the citizen prisoners held by the Confederate Government.

I would respectfully urge that all the citizens of East Tennessee held by Confederate authority be forwarded to Bristol and placed at my disposal for exchange for citizens of East Tennessee held by Federal authority. I hope you will lay this matter before the authorities at Richmond for their decision as soon as practicable and inform me of their action at your earliest convenience.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

COLUMBIA, October 26, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General, Richmond:

GENERAL: I have inspected the camp of Federal officers here. Lieutenant-Colonel Means, a disabled officer, is in command. He is an efficient officer, attentive to his duties. He should have an assistant and I would suggest that a captain or a major be ordered to report to him. The guard is composed of very raw recruits both as to officers and men, and require constant watching and instruction. The prisoners have had no meat furnished to them since their arrival here. An order from the Commissary-General forbids the issue of meat to prisoners. They are allowed sorghum and corn-meal. To keep them together and keep them from escaping a meat ration is requisite.

The present guard is inadequate, 350 men, all very raw. The prisoners have no shelter, and if they are to remain at this place it would be easy to build winter quarters. If the prisoners remain they should be placed in an inclosure.

I have the honor to remain, general, your obedient servant,

DAVID URQUHART,

Lieutenant Colonel and Asst. and Insp. General, on Inspection Duty.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

October 30, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Gardner, commanding Richmond, Va.

