
Are these prisoners within your control? If so, recommendations herein are submitted for your information. Please inform me of action taken.

By order of General Cooper:

R. H. CLINTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS POST AND MILITARY PRISONS,Richmond, October 31, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

These prisoners were sent to Columbia without my knowledge or consent by General Jones, an officer not authorized to interfere with them. Lieutenant-Colonel Means has been assigned to their command by the Secretary of War without giving me any notice of the fact, and this officer says he reports to General Hardee and not to me.

I have made complaint about the removal of these prisoners to the War Department, but received no response. They are in my jurisdiction, but how can I be expected to be responsible for or give any information concerning them under such circumstances?

I have sent one of my staff officers to investigate and report.

I respectfully request that this report and indorsement be forwarded to His Excellency the President.

W. M. GARDNER,

Brigadier-General.

[Third indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

November 2, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Adjutant and Inspector General.

It is impossible to rectify evils where no responsible parties can be reached. Without a head controlling, the whole matter will proceed from bad to worse. As matters now stand it is impossible to obtain information respecting individuals, or condition of prisoners without special reference to each prison.

R. H. CLINTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Fourth indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 2, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[Fifth indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 4, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Order Lieutenant-Colonel Means to report to General Gardner. I thought he was under his authority and have no recollection of such inquiries or remonstrances as General Gardner refers to. That officer has seen me once or twice and has communicated about accommodations for the prisoners at Columbia without referring to such embarrassments. Give the requisite orders to place the prisoners at Columbia under his charge and to render him, as he is responsible, so empowered to act in regard to them.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

