HDQRS. DIST. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson, Miss., October 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS, Commanding:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that you have full power to exchange prisoners when the opportunity offers itself, confining yourself, however, to the rules and conditions stipulated in the cartel made between the two Governments in 1862.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. D. WOODLIEF,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., October 27, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: Joseph A. Doane, subtler of the Sixteenth Connecticut, has been paroled by the rebel authorities at Charleston to the 10th of December, 1864, on condition that he obtain the exchange for himself of John Kenipick, purser of the rebel steamer Calypso, but this exchange is not approved by the Secretary of the Navy, and it is therefore proposed to substitute in his place Mr. John l. McLean, a subtler in the rebel army, now in confinement at Camp Morton, and by direction of the Secretary of War he has been paroled, with the condition that he proceed directly to Richmond, via Fort Monroe, and procure himself to be accepted in exchange for Mr. Doane. If he is accepted in exchange for Mr. Doane he will request Mr. Ould to inform you of the fact; but failing to make the exchange he will return to Fort Monroe and surrendered himself as a prisoner of war on or before the 16th of December 1864. Mr. McLean will report to you on his arrival at Fort Monroe, to be forwarded by flag-of-truce boat.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, October 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General MORRIS,

Commanding Fort McHenry, Baltimore:

It is reported to this Department that many persons are allowed to visit prisoners at Fort McHenry, and that this is accomplished under pretext of social visits, during which occasion is taken by visitors to hold intercourse with prisoners. If such thing has occurred heretofore see that it does not do so again.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT MCHENRY, October 27, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Social visiting by Southern sympathizers at my post is positively prohibited. They come to my office and are never permitted to see or hold

