
intercourse with prisoners, save by your order. A few days ago a large number were brought from Sheridan's army and some citizens, relatives and sympathizers, got in with them undiscovered. In a short time this was reported to me and I instantly issued an order revoking all passes and prohibiting any intercourse with the city during the period prisoners were here in transit to Point Lookout. Your instructions for my future guidance will be strictly observed.

W. W. MORRIS,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, October 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General BARNES, Commanding, Point Lookout:

It is reported to this Department that the friends and relatives of rebel prisoners in hospital at Point Lookout are accustomed to visit them. You are directed to permit no visits by any person whomsoever, unless upon the special pass of the Secretary of War.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

POINT LOOKOUT, October 27, 1864-5. 30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

There must be some mistake in the reports as to friends and relatives visiting rebel prisoners in hospital here. Doctor Heger, Doctor Thompson, Provost-Marshal Brady, all agree in this that none have been so admitted. Persons applying have in all cases been referred to the Secretary of War. The rule in this respect is strictly adhered to here.

Respectfully,

J. BARNES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[OCTOBER 27, 1864. -For Foster to Halleck, transmitting information obtained from deserters and refugees relating to condition of Union prisoners in South Carolina and Georgia, see Series I, Vol. XXXV, Part II, p. 317.]

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

Memphis, Tenn., October 27, 1864.

COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report the utter inadequacy of the Irving Military Prison of this city for the purpose to which it is now used, with a request that a proper prison may be built. The building consists of three stories, on ground floors of which are large rooms used for the general prison rooms; the upper part of which are used for hospitals, female prisoners, and guards [and] are cut up into small rooms originally intended for offices and bed rooms to be leased out. This of course makes a contracted place, and as it is in the center of the city there is no place where the prisoners can take exercise or be exchanged from the prison rooms. They have to eat, sleep, and live in the same room. There is but a small cistern to supply this whole

