
prison with water and it will not hold the fifteenth part of what is required to keep the prison clean. For some days I have been able to barely get sufficient water for cooking purposes, and this little I have been obliged to have hauled by wagons for the river. This is the second time that this has happened. In my experience heretofore (with this other exception when the pump broke) by the aid of the fire engines I have been able to have the cistern filled from the river, but now the pump has again given out and it is impossible to get it in that way, and it is now impossible to get the prisoners the necessary amount of water for their own cleanliness. I have applied to Colonel Clary, Quartermaster's Department, for wagons, but he cannot furnish enough of them, as he has to supply the hospitals at the same time. I would respectfully recommend that a suitable prison may be built, say in Fort Pickering, near the river, where there would be plenty of room. The water would be convenient and the prisoners would be more secure. The amount that would be required to keep the present building in repair, and would be much more comfortable, safe, commodious, and secure, any of which qualities the present building cannot be made to possess. I have called the attention of all inspectors to this, and all agree that there should be a proper prison built, as one will undoubtedly be required at this place for years to come.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. WILLIAMS,

Captain, First U. S. Infantry, and Provost-Marshal.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 27, 1864.

Colonel B. F. TRACY,

Commanding Depot Prisoners of War, Elmira, N. Y.:

COLONEL: Your report of the 24th instant on the condition of the prison camp is received. You are authorized to erect a wash-house twenty by forty feet with as many boilers as may be necessary. The hospital wards and barracks cannot be coiled, but the openings between the boards and the cracks must be filled up with clay, which will keep out the wind and make them much warmer. When you think it proper to recommend improvements or additions make a special report yourself and give all the particulars, with a plan and the cost.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 27, 1864.

Colonel C. HILL,

Commanding Johnson's Island, near Sandusky, Ohio:

COLONEL: Your report of the 24th instant on the condition of the depot is received. The barracks, which are not coiled, have been used one winter and it is not deemed advisable to ceil them now unless it is absolutely necessary. To put the requisite tools and lumber in the hands of the prisoners would much facilitate their efforts to escape, which they would be sure to take advantage of. The opening between the boards and cracks should be closed up with a plaster of clay, which would keep out much wind. You may arrange the sinks as you think

