
proper provided they are kept in good condition. Heretofore only difficulties have been presented which I have sought to remove. No change can be made in the mode of supplying clothing to prisoners nor in the article which the sutler is authorized to sell.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoner.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 27, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS EWING, Commanding, Saint Louis, Mo.:

The paroling of Colonel Harding and his command by General Clark was in violation of the cartel and the paroles are invalid. Please see General Orders, Numbers 207, July 3, 1863.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HDQRS. C. S. MILITARY PRISONS, GEORGIA AND ALABAMA,Camp Lawton, Ga., October 27, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have made the following arrangements for the prisons of Georgia and Alabama, and if it meets with your approbation will continue it, viz: Colonel George C. Gibbs will command the post at Andersonville, Ga., Camp Sumter; Colonel Henry Forno, the post Camp Lawton, and Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, the post at Cahaba, Ala.

How this latter officer got into command I am not informed, the only information being a letter in which he signs himself as commandant of the post. I think I should be informed when a change is made in the prisons under my control.

I have had no definite information concerning the prison at Cahaba. I propose to send an officer to inspect and report upon its condition.

According to the informed if you think it necessary to press forward the defenses, or whether the above arrangements can be safely carried out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsements.]

Mr. LLOYD:

Any special order relative to Lieutenant-Colonel Jones' assignment?

H. L. C. [LAY].

None in 1864.

COLUMBIA, S. C., October 27, 1864.

Colonel A. L. RIVES,

Assistant Chief Engineer, War Dept., Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: The papers respecting military prisons have just been received. The subject fully examined and approved by Lieutenant-Colonel Clarke. Cannot without disadvantage to the chief objects

