
their bayonet factory on Deep River, N. C. ; provided, first, that Captain W. L. Brodie and Lieutenant Reese W. Butler, of said firm, who are commanding Company A, City Battalion, North Carolina Reserves, file with the officers commanding prisoners duplicate certificates on honor that said prisoners shall be actually and sufficiently guarded both day and night; and secondly, that the prisoners before leaving said prison camp shall in presence of the officers commanding sign a written statement, to be left with said officers, to the effect that they have volunteered to labor for Messrs. Heck, Brodie &amp; Co. at their factory.

* * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN W. RIELY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, October 28, 1864.

Judge OULD, Commissioner of Exchange:

DEAR SIR: Your letter is received giving me the gratifying information that arrangements had been made for supplying our prisoners North with necessary comforts for the winter, and that we would be allowed to purchase supplies in the Northern cities. I desire immediately to make arrangements for supplying the troops of this State, which I can do very readily, having funds in Europe, if I can have an agent North. I should greatly prefer having my brother, General Vance, for this purpose if the authorities will consent. He is now at Fort Delaware, and his death is daily giving way from his confinement. As it seems that he cannot be exchanged, I would be much gratified if our Government would grant him this privilege and procure the consent of the enemy. No better man could be found to dispense the bounty of North Carolina or the Confederate Government. Please let me know immediately.

Very respectfully, yours,

Z. B. VANCE.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., October 29, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that the rebel prisoners of war placed in retaliation upon Morris Island have been removed to Fort Pulaski, Ga., in consequence of an official communication received from Lieutenant-General Hardee that the Union prisoners of war have been removed from Charleston.

A copy of said letter is herewith inclosed. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Campt Douglas, Chicago, October 29, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of October 17, 1864, in which you suggest whether the meat part of the

---------------

*See October 13, p. 981.

---------------

