
ration of prisoners of war cannot be still further reduced, converting the saving into a fund for the purchase of vegetables, without making it a part of the prison fund, and asking for my views on that subject. I have given this matter consideration and respectfully reply that such a reduction, in my opinion, would have been advantageous during the warm season, but in this climate during winter it is not advisable. the prisoners will consume, and to resist cold need, the full meat ration now issued.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. J. SWEET,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

U. S. FLAG-SHIP HARTFORD,

Mobile Bay, October 29, 1864.

Colonel C. C. DWIGHT, Commissioner of Exchange, New Orleans:

COLONEL: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of the 25th instant, and in reply I beg to state that I cannot understand how either the commanding general in Texas or Major Szymanski can undertake to dictate terms to us for the exchange of prisoners taken in Mobile Bay, &amp;c. The Government has already disposed of the officers I sent North by sending them over to Richmond. If those of our Navy have not been returned in equal numbers the Government should be at once informed of it, as I suppose has been done. I shall write by this mail.

Admiral buchanan goes North on the supply steamer now here in the course of ten or twelve days and will be disposed of by the Navy Department or the Government. Were it not for the inhuman treatment we hear is extended to our prisoners in Texas, added to an understanding by our commanding officer off that coast that the commanding general of Texas was anxious for the exchange, I would not have said anything on the subject, but I find it difficult to understand the programme of the Government in relation to exchanges, as I hear at one time that you are regulating the exchange and then again that it is all regulated at richmond by Mr. Ould and General butler. You write, colonel, as if there were exceptions made, while there has been but one exception, Admiral Buchanan, and that by ordered of the Government. The other officers have all been sent to Richmond, as you will perceive by the latest papers from the North, and which I saw several days since in the Mobile papers.

As to the number of our sailors in Texas, I can have no other knowledge than that derived from the original muster-rolls, but many deaths and escapes have taken place. I think it probable, however, that they may have the advantage of us by a few, but inasmuch as they are mostly landsmen, I should suppose they might be very readily exchanged for soldiers, but with this I have nothing to do, as the business of exchange appears to have been confided to exchange commissioners.

I will be most happy, however, to give you any information in my power, and will endeavor to find out upon what principle those officers sent North by me were disposed of.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. G. FARRAGUT,

Rear-Admiral.

