
consent to be bound by an agreement heretofore kept in good faith by us, and by them shamelessly repudiated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

MACON, GA., May 2, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Will arrange for prisoners, but shall have to keep them in camp until barracks can be prepared, which I have ordered to be done at once.

HOWELL COBB.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 190. Washington, May 3, 1864.

In relation to prisoners of war and state prisoners.

1. Orders heretofore published place the supervision of prisoners of war and political or state prisoners in the hands of the Commissary-General of Prisoners, and it is hereby required that commanders of depots and other places at which prisoners may be assembled be directly accountable for them to the Commissary-General of Prisoners, from whom they will receive orders direct, and to whom they will report directly in all matters relating to prisoners.

2. When the Commissary-General of Prisoners has occasion to order the transfer of prisoners from one post to another, he will furnish a copy of the order to the general commanding the department in which they are held, that he may be apprized of the movement; and when the Commissary-General of Prisoners finds it necessary he is authorized to call on department commanders for such assistance in the execution of his duties as the case may demand.

3. If not otherwise provided, guards for depots and prison stations will be detailed by the department commander on the application of the Commissary-General of Prisoners, and they will not be relieved or changed without informing him of the fact; but all returns and reports of these quads will be made to department commanders, to whom they are responsible for discipline, as in the case of other troops.

4. The principal depots for prisoners are at Point Lookout, Md. ; Fort Delaware; Johnson's Island, in Sandusky Bay; Camp Chase, near Columbus, Ohio; Camp Morton, near Indianapolis, Ind; Camp Douglas, near Chicago, Ill. ; and at Rock Island, Ill. Generals who order temporary depots will appoint suitable officers to take charge, which will be immediately reported to the Commissary-General of Prisoners; and the officers so appointed will be directed to make all returns and reports required from the permanent depots. Prisoners will be forwarded from the temporary depots to the permanent ones with as little delay as practicable.

5. Commanders of departments and of armies in the field, in all cases, when having prisoners in possession, will require full rolls, giving rank, regiment and company, and time and place of capture, to be forwarded without delay to the Commissary-General of Prisoners, with a letter of transmittal, showing what disposition is made of the prisoners, and giving any other information that may be useful. All rolls should be signed by the officer who is in charge of the prisoners at the time they are prepared.

