
They were found by a man who was out gathering persimmons, who identified Major Wilson by papers found on his body. All documents found on these bodies are in the hands of Esquire Kleinbacker, of this county, and will be forwarded to you as soon as received here.

G. HARRY STONE,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, Numbers 279. Saint Louis, Mo., October 28, 1864.

* * *

VIII. It appearing from the most conclusive evidence that Major James Wilson, Third Cavalry Missouri State Militia, and six men of his command, taken prisoners of war by the enemy in their late raid through the State at Pilot Knob, Mo., were turned over by some rebel officer, now unknown, to the guerrilla Tim. Revess, at a place near the town of Union, in Franklin County, Mo., and that subsequently Major wilson and his men were brutally, murdered by this blood-stained outlaw; theretofore, in compliance with so much of Special Orders, Numbers 277, paragraph 12, headquarters Department of the Missouri, date October 6, 1864 (hereto appended), as can at this time be carried into effect, the following six the enlisted men of the rebel army-James W. Gates, Company H, Third Missouri Cavalry, C. S. Army; John N. Ferguson, Company A, Crabtree's cavalry, C. S. Army; Harvey H. Balckburn, Company A, Coleman's cavalry, C. S. Army; John Nichols, Company G, Second Missouri Cavalry, C. S. Army; Charles W. Minneken, company A, Crabtree's (Arkansas) cavalry, C. S. Army; Asas V. Lad, company A, Burbridge's (Missouri) cavalry, C. S. Army-will be shot to death with musketry within the limits of the city of Saint Louis, Mo., on Saturday, the 29th day of October, 1864, between the hours of 2 and 4 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel Gustav Heinrichs, Forty-first Missouri Infantry, superintendent and inspector of military prisons, is hereby charged with the execution of this order.

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,Acting Provost-Marshal-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 277. Saint Louis, Mo. October 6, 1864.

* * *

12. From testimony which cannot be doubted the commanding general learns that Major James Wilson, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry, and six enlisted men of his command, prisoners of war, were given up by Major General Sterling Price to the guerrilla Tim. Reves for execution. The provost-marshal-general of the department will send a major and six enlisted men of the rebel army in irons to the military prison at Alton, Ill., to be kept in solitary confinement until the fate of Major Wilson and his men is known. These men will receive the same treatment Major Wilson and his men received.

The provost-marshal-general is held responsible for the execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

