
[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, Numbers 280. Saint Louis, October 29, 1864.

I. Paragraph VIII, Special Orders, Numbers 279, headquarters Department of the Missouri, office of the provost-marshal-general, Saint Louis,Mo., October 28, 1864, is hereby altered so as to erase from the same the name of John N. Ferguson, Company A, Crabtree's (Arkansas) cavalry, C. S. Army, it appearing from this man's examination that he never bore arms and was only employed as a teamster, and substituting for the said Ferguson the following rebel soldier for execution, viz, George F. Bunch, private, Company B, Third Missouri Cavalry, C. S. Army.

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Acting Provost-Marshal-General.

CAMP CHASE, OHIO, October 29, 1864.

Colonel W. P. RICHARDSON,

Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of an inspection of prisons at this post for the week ending October 29, 1864, pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 169, issued from post headquarters, and dated August 22, 1864, in relation to personal cleanliness, clothing, bedding, kitchens, sinks, policing, drainage of grounds, &amp;c.:

A perfect system is manifested in the management of the prisons. they are well policed and drained. the rations are of the best quality, and are issued in proper quantity and at proper times. The hosp[itals are well conducted. The bedding is frequently changed. The sick and wounded are properly cared for. the appearance of the prisoners is much improved since their arrival at this post.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

F. S. PARKER,

Captain, Eighty-eighth Ohio Vol. Infty., Asst. Insp. of Prisons.

COLUMBIA, S. C., October 29, 1864.

President DAVIS, Richmond, Va.:

I feel it my duty to call upon you to stop the proposed construction of the prison camp within four miles of the capital, where so much valuable Confederate and State property is now located. It seems to me that there should be no prison camp within twenty or thirty miles of the capital of a State. It increases the temptation to raids, and can, of course, add nothing to the defenses of the place. There are numerous good locations within twenty or thirty miles from here on railroad, if Florence, which is at the intersection of two railroads, will not answer. thee place selected is not healthy, as I learn from Dr. Gibbs, surgeon-general, a physician of long standing in this community, and has nothing which should have induced its selection in preference to many others at a distance from this place. The lumber collected, if in any quantity, can be sold or easily transported on the railroad to another place. There will be little time lost, and I respectfully urge Your Excellency to direct a change of location.

M. L. BONHAM.

