
[First indorsement.]

General W. M. Gardner for remarks.

It is desirable to avoid conflict on such questions with the State authorities.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS POST AND MILITARY PRISONS,Richmond, October 30, 1864.

Respectfully returned to His Excellency the President.

A similar telegram was received by me this morning from Governor Bonham, which I have referred to the Adjutant and Inspector General with the following indorsement:

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant and Inspector General.

Protests against the location of the prison at this place were sent to the Secretary of War by Colonel Hampton, of Columbia, and Governor Bonham some time since, and by him referred to me on the 10th of October, 1864. I referred them to Captain Hayden, the engineer officer in charge of the construction of the work, with instructions to consider the matter, and authorized him to change the site if he thought proper. A subsequent protest of the Governor also referred to me was answered by a letter to himself, authorizing Captain Hayden to remove the prison to any convenient place in the State upon which they could agree.

Captain Hayden reports adversely against the removal. I must abide by his action, as he is on the spot, and believed to be a competent officer. He was assigned to this duty by Major-General Gilmer, chief of the Engineer Bureau. The proximity to Columbia will only necessitate greater vigilance, and will make the authorities of the State more ready than heretofore to grant me proper military assistance in taking care of the prisoners.

Labor and material have been accumulated with much expense and trouble and the work commenced.

The officer commanding at Columbia has, since the receipt of Your Excellency's indorsement, been ordered by telegraph to inspect the island referred to by the Governor and to report the result by telegraph.

W. M. GARDNER,

Brigadier-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., October 30, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, U. S. Army:

SIR: I beg leave respectfully to inquire whether the U. S. authorities will consent to a shipment of cotton from one of our ports to one of the Northern cities with the view of purchasing there, with the proceeds of sale, blankets, &amp;c., for the immediate relief of our prisoners confined in Northern prisons. Of course we would give you due notice of the name of the vessel carrying the cargo, as well as the time of her sailing, together with such other particulars as you might request.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

OFFICE ASSISTANT AGENT FOR EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Fort Monroe, Va., October 30, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER, in Field:

Atlantic and Baltic arrived here this morning with 1,200 sick and wounded paroled prisoners on board. I am informed by Colonel

