
Webster, chief quartermaster, that these vessels are not to be used in this expedition to Savannah. There is not a vessel in the fleet suitable to transfer these very sick men to. Without these two ships I shall not have proper transportation for more than 800 of our own sick, unless other vessels are fitted up as hospital ships, which will involve much time and expense. Knowing full well the class and condition of prisoners I am to receive at Savannah, I am unwilling to undertake their transportation with less good hospital accommodations than will accommodate 2,000 men. There is no possible service these ships can be called upon to perform where they can by so useful as on this trip.

If they cannot be used will you please order your medical director to fit out some of the transports now here for this service? Please direct me what to do.

JNO E. MULFORD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

FORT DELAWARE, DEL., October 30, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the prisoners of war at Fort Delaware, Del., for the week ending October 30, 1864:

Conduct, good; cleanliness, proper attention given to; clothing, comfortable; bedding, in accordance with allowance; state of quarters, clean and comfortable; sate of kitchen, excellent; food, quality of, very good; food, quantity of, receive their full rations; sinks, are kept in good condition; policing of grounds, very well conducted; drainage, very good; vigilance of guard, faithfully performs its duties; security of quarters, no persons have escaped this week; policing hospital, admirably conducted; attendance of sick (nurses), receive every possible attention; cleanliness of hospital, very good; hospital diet, good and sufficient; general health of prisoners, about 3 1/2 per cent. sick, 4 deaths this week.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. AHL,

Captain, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Inspecting Officer.

DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,

Near Sandusky, Ohio, October 30, 1864.

Captain J. R. SANFORD, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit herewith my Sunday morning report of the condition of the prison and prisoners:

The police of the quarters is good, every building being in very cleanly condition. The grounds are in very clean condition, except on the rear of the northwest row of barracks, where a few trees had been cut down, the brush and chips form which had not all been removed. This, however, will be attended to on Monday (to-morrow). The walks to the sinks are progressing and will soon be completed. the sinks, with one or tow exceptions, have been cleaned and are generally in fair condition. The new pits for three sinks are completed, with the exception of planks for the cribbing, which are not yet on the island. They will probably be here and the sinks completed this week. The sanitary condition of the prisoners is as follows: Whole number of

