
prisoners, 2,621; number of sick in hospital, 52; number of deaths since last report, none.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. SCOVILL,

Lieutenant Colonel 128th Ohio Vol. Infty., superintendent of Prison.

PRISON CAMP, Elmira, N. Y., October 30, 1864.

Lieutenant R. J. McKEE, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to state made the weekly inspection of camp in obedience to orders, and report the police of quarters, hospitals, cook and mess rooms good. A severe rain-storm has prevailed during the week, making the camp muddy and raising the water in the pond so that crossing to that part of camp beyond it was prevented for one day. The number of deaths this week is but 40; sick in hospital, 637. The case of smallpox brought from Fort Morgan has nearly recovered and no new cases have occured. Another supply of clothing is needed, as the weather is becoming cooled and many are still poorly clad.

Respectfully, yours,

B. MUNGER,

Captain and Inspector of Camp.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,Elmira, N. Y., November 2, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to Colonel William Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C., with the following comments: In addition to making the camp muddy and raising the water in the river, from the effects of the heavy rain, it disclosed the poor condition of the roofs of the oldest barracks. I have directed the quartermaster at the post to issue sufficient lumber to repair them, the work to be performed by the prisoners. I am fearful that the heavy rains of the spring and fall will cause some considerable trouble at camp, for the ground between the mess-houses and the river is considerably lower than the remaining portion and is at almost every hard rain overflowed. The new barracks are being erected on the high ground. In relation to the ditch ordered dug and pipe laid, see my letter dated this date.

B. F. TRACY,

Colonel 127th U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Depot.

RICHMOND, VA., October 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN E. MULFORD, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: In answer to your inquiry of the 12th instant as to whether William F. Gordon is a citizen or soldier, I have the honor to inform you that he is a soldier and belongs to Thirty-third Battalion of Virginia Cavalry. At one time he acted as adjutant of the battalion, though he was never regularly commissioned as such. He acted in that capacity by order of his commanding officer. At a later day he was authorized to raise a company. Although that authority did not strictly give him a commission as captain, yet under the circumstances of the case I am disposed to yield the point, and have accordingly

