HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fortress Monroe, Va., October 31, 1864.

Major-General HITCHCOCK:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a newspaper notice* signed by "W. True Bennett," claiming to be lieutenant-colonel and acting agent of exchange, D. S., dated "Exchange Office, Hilton Head," in which it is said "money, preferably Confederate bills, gold next, and U. s. bills least so," may be sent our prisoners. Also many articles that are not allowed by the Confederates to be given to the prisoners. I was not aware that there was an "exchange office" at Hilton Head, or a real agent of exchange there, and therefore there can be no "acting" one. But a few days since I was assured by the Secretary of War that the whole question of exchange was in my hands and these interferences embarrass me very much. I make one set of necessary regulations and some "acting agent" makes another. Cannot all this be prevented? "Too many cooks spoil the broth" is as true in other matters as in the science of gastronome. Will you have orders sent to Major-General Foster not to interfere? I am just negotiating to have an equal supply of clothing and supplies forwarded to the prisoners. I understand there have hone down large supplies of clothing before the negotiations are completed. I sen herewith copies of my instructions to Major Mulford upon this subject. + they have met the approval of Lieutenant-General Grant, as embodying the substance of

the correspondence between himself and General Lee, and I hope will meet the approval of the Secretary of War.

Respectfully, yours,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General and Commissioner of Exchange.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 3, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Major-General Hitchcock, commissioner for exchange of prisoners, with copy of letter from chief of staff to General Foster. ++

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Camp Chase, near Columbus, Ohio, October 31, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, d. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the new prison hospital is so near completed that I have removed the inmates of the hospital inside of the prison to this hospital. the new hospital is situated within a few feet of the prisons, and surrounded by a picket-fence eight feet high. A light guard is posted around the picket-fence. It is necessary to have the attendants on the sick. Can we take prisoners of war out of the prisons from among the most reliable on their parole of honor to wait on the sick? If this cannot be done I respectfully request to be informed what course to pursue in order to obtain the necessary hospital attendants.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure.

+See p. 1070.

++See p. 1087.

---------------

