
[Indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., November 15, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Colonel W. P. Richardson, commanding Camp Chase.

Prisoners of war may be used as nursers in the hospitals. Those only who are reliable should be selected, precautions being taken to prevent their escape, as may seem necessary or proper by the commanding officer.

By order of Brigadier General H. W. Wessells, Inspector and Commissary-General of Prisoners:

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP CHASE PRISON, October 29, 1864.

We, the undersigned prisoners of war in Camp Chase prison, for and in consideration of the privilege of being appointed attendants and employees at the prison hospital by the military authorities of the United States, do hereby give our parole of honor that we will not escape from said prison hospital nor make any attempt do so ourselves, not aid in any manner whatever any other attendant, employe, or patient in or connected with said prison hospital to escape or attempt to escape therefrom.

EMILE TUREAND, JR.,

Druggist of Prison Hospital.

WILLIAM BAKER,

Ward-master, Private, Company E, Forty-ninth Alabama Infantry

[And fifty-two others.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Camp Chase, near Columbus, Ohio, October 31, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following for consideration: There are now being constructed additional accommodations for the garrison. Working parties for this purpose are detailed from the troops stationed at the post for garrison duty. the number of troops in quite limited, and barely sufficient to safely guard the post and perform the general routine of garrison duty; and in view of relieving the men to some extent, I desire to be informed whether I can use prisoners of war to construct buildings, &amp;c., inside of the camp limits. A number of prisoners, who have made application to take the oath of allegiance, have expressed a desire and are anxious to work.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 31, 1864.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS,

Commanding Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind.:

COLONEL: Your report of the 24th instant in reference to the completion of two hospital wards is received. As I have already said, it

