
6. Sick and wounded prisoners of war will be collected at such hospitals as may be designated under the instructions of the Surgeon-General for their exclusive use, as far as practicable; and a suitable guard will be detailed by the department commanders or the general in immediate command, which guard will be responsible for the security of the prisoners. The commander of the guard will make all the returns and reports required of depot commanders.

Convalescent prisoners will be sent to the permanent depots as often as may be convenient.

7. The attention of commanders is called to the regulations in relation to prisoners of war contained in Appendix B, of the Revised Army Regulations of 1863, p. 523, as follows:

117. Officers and soldiers of the United States who are or may become prisoners of war shall, during their imprisonment, be entitled to and receive the same pay as if they were doing active duty.

118. The rations of prisoners held in the rebel States shall be commuted for and during the period of their imprisonment, the commutation to be rated at cost price. To entitle a soldier to this communication he must furnish to the Commissary-General of Prisoners such evidence of the fact of capture and time of detention as he may consider necessary, to be laid before the Secretary of War; and, if approved, a certificate will be issued by the Commissary-General of Prisoners, on which payment will be made by the Subsistence Department.

119. A general commanding in the field or a department will make arrangements for the safe-keeping and reasonable comfort of his prisoners. For this purpose he will place them under a guard already on duty or detach a guard for the special service. The general will give no order exchanging prisoners or releasing them, except under instructions from the Secretary of War.

120. In emergencies admitting of no delay the general will act upon his own authority, and give any order in relation to this prisoners the public interest might require, promptly reporting his proceedings to the War Department through the Adjutant-General.

121. In time of war a Commissary-General of Prisoners will be announced, whose general duties will be those of an inspector, and all communications relating to prisoners will pass through him. Depots for prisoners will be designated by the Secretary of War, to which suitable and permanent guards will be assigned, the whole to be under the orders of the Commissary-General of Prisoners. He will establish regulations for issuing clothing to prisoners, and will direct the manner in which all funds arising from the savings of rations at prison hospitals or stations shall be accounted for and disbursed by the proper disbursing officer, in providing such articles as he may deem absolutely necessary for the welfare of the prisoners. He is authorized to grant paroles to prisoners, on the recommendation of the medical officer attending the prison, in cases of extreme illness, but under no other circumstances.

122. The Commissary-General of Prisoners has authority to call for such reports from officers in command of guards over prisoners as may be necessary for the proper discharge of his own duties, and he will be prepared to furnish such information in relation to prisoners as may be called for by the Adjutant-General.

123. A full record of all prisoners will be kept in the office of the Commissary-General of Prisoners, in suitable books, giving the name, rank, regiment, and company of each military prisoner, the residence, county, and State of each civil prisoner, with the charges against him, and the time and place of capture or arrest. Any special information of importance will be added from time to time in the column of remarks. When disposed of by exchange or otherwise, the fact and the authority for it, with the time, should be noted on the record.

124. The Commissary-General of Prisoners is empowered to visit places at which prisoners may be held, and will recommend to the general whose guards are responsible for them whatever modification in their treatment may seem to him proper or necessary, and report the same to the War Department.

125. The Commissary-General of Prisoners has charge of the U. S. officers and men on parole, and correspondence relating to them. All details concerning them will pass through him.

126. Generals commanding departments, or in the field, may, at their discretion, send their prisoners to the general depots, furnishing a proper roll with them, showing the rank, regiment and company, and when and where captured; after which their charge of them will cease. Immediately on the arrival of prisoners at a depot, the commanding officer will forward to the Commissary-General of Prisoners a copy of the roll received with them, noting such changes as may have been made by escape or otherwise.

