
is not deemed advisable to erect any more buildings for the prisoners than are indispensably necessary, and if the tents now in use can possibly be made to serve them thais winter, no further use, you are authorized to erect additional hospital wards and convert the present hospital into barracks, as you recommend. Report what you think proper to do in this matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE,Fort Monroe, Va., October 31, 1864.

Lieutenant col. J. E. MULFORD, Assistant Agent of Exchange:

COLONEL: Having, in obedience to orders by telegraph, received on board the fleet of vessels which Colonel Webster, chief quartermaster, has been ordered to place at your disposal all invalid Confederate prisoners of war, as certified to me by Colonel Hoffman, in the Eastern camps held by us, you will proceed to Fort Pulaski with your prisoners and there tender them for exchange according to the agreement made between the commissioner of exchange on the part of the United States and the agent of exchange for the Confederate authorities, and there receive on board all the prisoners belonging to the United States which shall be given you by the Confederate authorities. You will also inform the Confederate authorities that there are from 2,500 to 3,000 invalid prisoners within the agreement ready for delivery on the Mississippi river as soon as the point shall be designated. These are in the Western camps. Ass this matter of the exchange of prisoners is managed in behalf of the military authorities of the Confederates through the agent of exchange and the commissioner of exchange on the part of this Government, you will take no directions upon the subject except from the commissioner of exchange or the Secretary of War. This direction is given you because, as your business at Fort Pulaski will bring you within the department of General Foster, it is desirable to save all possible conflict of authority.

You will report your arrival and business to the commander of the Department of the South, so that your operations may not interfere with any military movements within his lines.

You will report your arrival and business to the commander of the Department of the South, so that your operations may not interfere with any military movements within his lines.

You will doubtless be obliged to go into Port royal with your large ships and load them with your smaller vessels from the inside passage, which will be better for the comfort of the men and safety of the fleet. Ass soon as you get one of the largest ships loaded you will send it forward to Annapolis, and if you can receive more prisoners than your fleet can accommodate order her to return, and so on with others.

You will allow one agent of either the Christian or Sanitary Commission on each vessel.

You will take competent pilots. See that your vessels are well watered, coaled, and provisioned.

You will draw from the quartermaster such extra clothing, blankets, and other articles as may be necessary for the comfort of the prisoners.

The United Sates Government will by no means stint these men who have suffered so much in anything for their comfort, but will supply them so soon as they come within our control. For other details I must depend upon your judgment, zeal, and activity in the service.

