
not to be made except for the purpose of closing the negotiations on the point, as it is not deemed just that from motives of humanity the United States would bear any portion of the burden which properly belongs to the Confederate authorities because of the superiority of the United States in capturing prisoners of war.

All propositions upon this subject from the Confederate authorities will be received by you or made by you in writing, but this will not prevent oral discussion of the several points involved in order to their true and just settlement, but such discussions shall not be taken or deemed to be propositions on the one side or the other.

You will see how much is confided to your discretion, care, and judgment, and it is hoped that you may succeed in having established some just and equitable arrangements,, upon the basis of these instructions, for the care and treatment of prisoners of war which seem likely not to be exchanged.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General and Commissioner of Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., October 31, 1864.

Lieutenant General W. J. HARDEE,

Commanding Confederate Forces, S. Carolina, Georgia, and Florida:

GENERAL: Having received, by your letter of the 13th instant, official notification that the Union prisoners of war recently under our fire at Charleston had been removed, I have the honor to inform you that the Confederate prisoners of war placed by me in retaliation upon Morris Island have been removed to a corresponding place of safety within our lines.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., October 31, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER, Commanding U. S. Forces, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of your communication of the 22nd instant, recommending the adoption of measures for relieving the necessities of prisoners of war in our respective departments. You state "that whatever articles (not contraband) you permit to be delivered to the Union prisoners in your power, sent from their friends at the North, will be allowed to be delivered to your officers and men in my hands from their friends within your lines. " You add, "if you allow our officers and meant to receive contributions from persons within your lines, I am authorized to allow the same privilege to your officers and men from their friends within our lines. "

These views meet my approval, and any supplies which may be sent to the Federal prisoners in my department shall be promptly and safely delivered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

68 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII

