
OFFICE EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Mobile, Ala., October 31, 1864.

Colonel C. C. DWIGHT,

Agent for Exchange of Prisoners, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to request that you will give me full information concerning the whereabouts and condition of the prisoners captured during the last four weeks in West Florida by your forces. Their relatives are anxious to forward them clothing and other necessaries, and I would respectfully ask that you extend to them the same kindness in this respect which you have shown to the other prisoners confined in New Orleans.

In the event that later instructions should enable you to make any further exchanges, I have the honor to propose the exchange of these men, of whom I will ask you a list, for whom I will deliver to you equivalents simultaneously with their delivery at Vicksburg, or at Pensacola, at any time you may be pleased to name.

I have the honor to renew my application, which may not have reached you, for the delivery of Admiral Buchanan in Mobile Bay, and by request that you advise Colonel Watts, through me, when you will be prepared to deliver our prisoners at Vicksburg, as your means of communicating with major Szymanski are much more frequent and easy than mine.

I have the honor of forwarding a few papers.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JAMES R. CURELL,

Assistant Commissioner of Exchange.

U. S. CHRISTIAN COMMISSION, CENTRAL OFFICE, 11 BANK STREET,

Philadelphia, October 31, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Permit me, in accordance with instructions from the executive committee of the U. S. Christian commission, to inform you that we are very desirous of reaching the Union prisoners in rebel prisons with efficient relief and benefit. And for this purpose we propose asking the so-called Confederate authorities to admit a suitable number of unexceptionable delegates of the commission with stores and publications to visit an minister to them. Will there be any impropriety in this? Will the national interests be in any way prejudiced by it? Will the Government permit us to assure the so-called Confederates that if desired by them it will be reciprocated?

With highest respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. STUART,

Chairman U. S. Christian Commission.

[First indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 5, 1864.

I do not think that the rebels will allow the visit to be made, but I see no special objection to a grant of permission from our side. But the permission requested at the close of the application is not recommended, as the enemy might take advantage of it to send spies among us.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

