
I have succeeded in establishing a receiving and distributing division inside the stockade. By this plan a great many cases are disposed of without sending them to the general hospital. I am completing the sheds as rapidly as circumstances will permit-some difficulty has been experienced in obtaining lumber and bricks, but by sufficient energy this will be obviated. the buildings for drugs, commissaries, bedding, &amp;c., is about completed. I am having the Sumter Hospital completely renovated. The unfinished building will be completed in a few days. The normal capacity of it will then be 120.

Wells are being rapidly sunk in the prison hospital. A good and sufficient supply of water is obtained about forty feet from the surface of the ground. I would respectfully urge the necessity of putting a stockade around the hospital buildings.

There has been a marked improvement in the health of the prisoners and the guard forces during the past month; the cause of this is too obvious for comment.

Great difficulty has been experienced in drawing from the general hospital fund; this, with the difficulty of drawing necessary bedding from the medical purveyor, has partially prevented me from making the sick and wounded as comfortable as I would wish. In the meantime the proper steps have been taken to remedy these evils.

Respectfully submitted.

R. R. STEVENSON,

Surgeon in Charge of Post.

[Indorsement.]

CAPTAIN LAWTON, November 8, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Adjutant and Inspector General.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

COLUMBIA, S. C., October 31, 1864.

Major GARNETT ANDREWS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Captain Hayden has inspected the island in Broad River and reports unfavorably. Will write fully to-morrow.

R. W. MARTIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

[First indorsement]
HEADQUARTERS POST AND MILITARY PRISONS,Richmond, November 1, 1864.

Respectfully referred to His Excellency the President with request that he will consider it in connection with the telegram from Governor Bonham, which he yesterday referred to me, and that he will do me the honor to give instructions as to what I shall do. The work is held in suspense while the prison is needed more and more every day. Unless I go to Columbia myself I am compelled to rely upon the judgment of these officers.

W. M. GARDNER,

Brigadier-General.

[Second indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 1, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

If General Gardner can be spared, it would no doubt be well for him to go to Columbia for the purpose above.

J. D.

