
127. The principle being recognized that medical officers and chaplains should not be held as prisoners of war, all medical officers and chaplains so held by the United States will be immediately and unconditionally discharged.

128. Whenever prisoners of war are released on parole and sent through the lines, the officers who release them will immediately send rolls to the Commissary-General of Prisoners, containing an exact list of the prisoners' names, rank, regiment, and company, dute and place of capture, and date and place of parole. These rolls are indispensable in effecting exchanges of prisoners.

129. Blanks for monthly returns and for rolls of Federal and other prisoners of war will be furnished from the office of the Commissary-General of Prisoners, on their being called for by commanders who require them.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, May 3, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Ould, the rebel commissioner of exchange, has declared without consultation all rebel prisoners delivered at City Point up to the 20th of April exchanged. This he justifies under the fifth article of the cartel, General Orders, Numbers 142, series of 1862. These men will be sent into the field against us, and he claims he has the right so to do. I see no other way, and so far as my judgment goes I can see no harm in making a similar declaration upon our part, which will permit our officers and soldiers to take the field in opposition. It is now settled, under General Grant's order, that the exchange cannot go on. The rebels will make their theory of the colored soldiers a sine qua non, and upon this point the cartel is entirely annulled. Please have the declaration made.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP CHASE, Columbus, Ohio, May 3, 1864.

Colonel JAMES A. HARDIE, Inspector-General U. S. Army:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio:

Commanding officer-Colonel William P. Richardson, Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, as officer of intelligence, but not very active or diligent in the discharge of his duties. The camp is not carefully policed, the sinks are neglected, and the general appearance of the men, on duty and off, indicates a want of proper military instruction. The clothing, food, health, shelter and security of the prisoners satisfactory. The grounds and barracks inside the prison inclosure are not policed with sufficient care, and the sinks are allowed to become offensive. Discipline moderate. Hospital and treatment of the sick satisfactory; five cases of smallpox, but disappearing. Sutler, appointed by the Secretary of War, sells, in addition to articles authorized by law, pies, cakes, candies, soda water, &amp;c. Money sent to prisoners and on hand, amounting to $2,926. 95, properly accounted for, with the exception of $98. I found four notes, signed by officers of the garrison, in possession of the treasurer, Lieutenant Colonel E. L. Webber, Eighty-eight Ohio Volunteers, amounting in the aggregate to $98, which he represented to me as having been given for many loaned from the money sent to prisoners by the former treasurer, Lieutenant Colonel A. H. Poten, Veteran Reserve Corps. I think it has been the custom with the officer having this money in trust

