
The attention of General Fry, Provost-Marshal-General, was in September called to the weak state of the regiment of the Veteran Reserve Corps serving at Camp Douglas, with the request that they might be filled up as soon as possible, and the necessary instructions were promised.

A plan and estimate was received in August for supplying the guard and prisoners with water at Johnson's Island at an expense of $8,000 for materials. The project was not submitted to the War Department, because the labor to be saved to the prisoners and others was not of sufficient consequence to justify the expense, but the commanding officer was written to and other plans suggested.

As much corn-meal is issued to prisoners as can be baked into bread. The plan suggested of permitting the prisoners to bake their own bread has been thoroughly tried, and it has been found to be attended with waste and a very heavy expense for fuel.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

NOVEMBER 3, 1864.

P. S. -Since the above was written I have learned from General Fry, Provost-Marshal-General, that 500 men have been sent to the regiments of the Veteran Reserve Corps at Camp Douglass. I have also learned that the laying of the new water pipe will be completed this week.

W. H.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 2, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER:

SIR: I sought an interview ineffectually this morning with the Secretary of War for the purpose of explaining your wishes as expressed in your letter of the 31st ultimo, touching the agency for exchange of prisoners at Hilton Head. I will avail myself of the first opportunity to have the matter adjusted as you desire.

In the meantime I beg to say that Colonel Bennett has no authority known to me for the designation he attaches to his name. I understand that the duties of exchanges have been committed to yourself by the Secretary of war. I give no orders myself on the subject, and in such communications as I may have addressed to yourself or colonel Mulford I have been but the channel through which the directions of the President or the Secretary of War have been transmitted; and when I address Colonel Mulford I have regarded him as a portion of your staff in the particular duties in which he is engaged.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., November 2, 1864.

Captain FRANK ENO, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: There are several members of the O. A. K. order now in Gratiot Street Prison with no prospect of an immediate trial. I propose that they be all released on $5,000 bond each, to await trial, with the exception of one Riley Whiting, whose case I think I will have prepared

