
very soon. I respectfully request that this proposition may be submitted to the judge advocate of the department and for the orders of the commanding general.

Very respectfully,

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Acting Provost-Marshal-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, November 7, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Captain Frank Eno, assistant adjutant-general. Having learned unofficially that prominent members of this infamous organization in Saint Louis are at large on bond, I see no reason why the subordinates should be denied the like indulgence.

LUCIEN EATON,

Major and Judge-Advocate.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, November 7, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the provost-marshal-general Department of the Missouri. these persons will be disposed of as recommended by the provost-marshal-general.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

U. S. FLAG-SHIP HARTFORD,

Mobile Bay, November 2, 1864.

Colonel C. C. DWIGHT, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: Your letter of the 30th ultimo has been received. As mentioned in my previous letter, I have seen it stated in the Northern papers, as well as those of Mobile, that the officers sent North from Pensacola had been exchanged and sent to Richmond, and, further, that a general exchange had been effected for all the prisoners taken by us in Mobile Bay. As corroborative of this I inclose you a certified copy of a telegram addressed to Fleet Surgeon Conrad, who was with Admiral Buchanan on the Tennessee, by Mr. Mallory, the rebel Secretary of the Navy.

Surgeon Conrad was released by us some time ago, and on his arrival at Mobile wrote to Mr. Mallory and received in reply the inclosed telegram, a copy of which he at once forwarded to our fleet surgeon, J. C. Palmer.

You say, colonel, that the rebel commanding general has our prisoners in his power, and can insist on his own terms; there is where I thing to do with it; the power of exchange belongs to and is being exercised by the two Governments. Of course, I know that if our Government chooses to exchange the prisoners taken by us here for U. S. officers and men captured on the north coast, it will diminish the numbers for exchange in this quarter, but this I cannot control.

It is quite possible, however, that our Government has negotiated for the exchange of the naval prisoners in Texas, as I perceived by the

