
From a letter of Colonel Harrison I learn that the number of prisoners is now 11,684, with an adequate guard.

I have so often complained of the state of the prisons in South Carolina, consequent upon the action of local commanders, without getting even a reply, that I do not think it necessary to trouble either the Department or myself by enlarging upon the subject here. I feel assured that it must be in full possession of all the facts necessary to a correction of the evil, if desired.

For myself I wish to say that I cannot consent to be a man of straw and a scapegoat for the faults of others any longer. Reports of inspectors from your office, giving well-served censure for the condition of the prisons in that State, are constantly referred to me in the face of all my complaints and suggestion, and when it must be known that I am utterly powerless, under the circumstances, to correct the abuses.

I respectfully request that such orders will be made and published as will secure to me, beyond dispute, the power to manage the prisons within my jurisdiction, or that I at once be relieved from a duty which I cannot discharge to my own satisfaction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. M. GARDNER,

Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

November 8, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

Other communications relation to the same question herein presented are now submitted with this.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 10, 1864.

Colonel CLAY, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Consider these papers an digest the orders that seem require, both as to troops for local service and for a proper discrimination of authority at posts where there are prisons. Confer with General Gardner, and when orders are prepared, submit.

J. A. S.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, November 3, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER, Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War has just called my attention to the inclosed newspaper notice of one W. T. Bennett, styling himself "Acting Agent of Exchange, D. S.," and dated at "Office of Agent of Exchange, Hilton Head, S. C., October 20, 1864. "

There is no office of exchange in your department, nor any authorized agent or "acting agent of exchange. " The Secretary therefore directs that this order be immediately countermand, and that no money or packages of any kind be sent through our lines for prisoners of war, this whole matter having been arranged upon a new basis established by General Grant and General Lee.

