
All matters connected with the exchange and supplies of prisoners of war will be conducted, on our part, by agent appointed by General Grant or the Secretary of War.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 3, 1864.

Colonel W. P. RICHARDSON, Commanding Camp Chase, Ohio:

COLONEL: Your report on the condition of Camp Chase of the 12th ultimo is received. You will appreciate the necessity of doing all in your power to abate an remove the smallpox from the camp, and by every means to prevent its spreading. In no case will a prisoner be sent from the camp where there is any reason to suppose he has become infected with the disease, and in all cases the transfer of prisoners must be preceded by a careful examination by the medical officer in charge to ascertain that none are permitted to leave the camp who would be likely to carry the infection with them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

Extracts from inspection report of prison at Cahaba, Ala. *

Their food has consisted exclusively of bread and meat, two issue of rice only, of five days each, having been made them since June last, and no peas or beans in lieu of it, those on hand being utterly unfit for use. The reason assigned by the assistant commissary of subsistence for this failure (the guard forces having received rice regularly during this time) is that he wass not ordered to issue it.

Captain J. J. Wheadon, the assistant commissary of subsistence of the post, in addition to his duties as such, is charged with the purchase and collection of subsistence stores in four counties. He also receives and collects all subsistence for tax in kind from those counties. These additional duties render it necessary to be so frequently absent from this post that it is not in his power to perform his duties as post commissary of subsistence properly. No vinegar has been issued to troops or prisoners for some months past, nor has there been any on hand fit for use, although Captain W. informs me that good vinegar could ruddily be obtained at Mobile by writing for it.

[First indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 3, 1864.

Commissary-General for special and prompt attention.

J. A. S.,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 5, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

It is not considered necessary to refer this paper for explanation, for the Commissary-General is aware that the facts are in general as stated. The means of obtaining supplies afforded this Bureau in officers, men,

---------------

*October 16, p. 998.

---------------

