
and money are entirely insufficient to enable it to provide for the large number of troops in the field more than the actual necessaries of life, and it cannot be expected that prisoners shall fare better than our own men. If from circumstances it is possible to give these less necessary articles to only a small number at a post the prisoners shall not be the first to enjoy them.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., November 4, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that, in pursuance of instructions from the War Department, contained in your letters of October 6 and October 15, I have delivered to the rebel authorities Captain E. J. Hall, First Louisiana Cavalry, and assistant quartermaster of the Confederate States of America, and Captain A. J. Lewis, company G, Powers' cavalry, Confederate States of America, they having been declared exchanged for Captain J. E. Michener, Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania volunteers, and Captain J. H. Platt, Forth Vermont Volunteers, and chief quartermaster Sixth Army Corps. the return-rolls will be forwarded by this mail.

I have the honor to remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

INDIANAPOLIS, November 4, 1864.

General J. HOLT, Judge-Advocate-General:

I shall place in hands of General Hovey this evening the ritual, signs, passwords, and plans of the secret organizations, successors to the Sons of Liberty, having origin in New York and purpose to create insurrection if Mr. Lincoln is the choice of the people. Horace Heffren, deputy grand commander for State of Indiana, Sons of Liberty, as before reported by me, has turned state's evidence and has sworn this afternoon that their object wass a Northwestern Confederacy, an that a committee of ten was appointed to assassinate or hold as hostage Governor Morton. Depend upon it that I am not mistaken in the infamous character of this order. I make no assertions without proof.

H. B. CARRINGTON,

Brigadier-General.

OFFICE SURGEON IN CHARGE C. S. MIL. HOSPITAL,

Andersonville, Ga., November 4, 1864.

Colonel LEON VON ZINKEN, Commanding Post, Columbus, Ga.:

COLONEL: Under orders from Brigadier General John H. Winder, I respectfully request that W. H. H. Phelps, of your post, be detailed and ordered to reports to me for assignment for duty as purchasing agent of vegetables sand antiscorbutics for the sick and wounded prisoners now under my charge at this place.

Yours, truly,

R. R. STEVENSON,

Surgeon in Charge.

69 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII

