
to loan it to officers of the garrison who were short. Post fund collected, expended, and distributed as authorized by the regulations.

Commissary of subsistence and treasurer of prison fund-Captain G. D. Harrington, U. S. Volunteers.

Prison fund March 31, 1864, $13,169. 66; U. S. paroled prisoners' fund same date, $2,563. 25; subsistence fund due United States May 3, 1864, $42,986. 27; organization fund due United States May 3, 1864, $23,291. 97; total amount of each May 3, 1864, $82,011. 15; counted and found correct. The prison fund for April not transferred, and purchases for same month on account of prison fund not paid. Business carefully and correctly transacted. Purchases of stores made at reasonable rates, of good quality, and not in excess of the wants of the post. No pecuniary transactions discovered between officers and sutler or persons furnishing supplies for prisoners.

The garrison, consisting of seven companies of the Eighty-eighth Ohio Volunteers and four companies of the Seventh Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, is efficient.

There is a desire to move the camp. In consideration of the expenses already incurred by the Government at the present camp, I do not believe it expedient to change the location. An active, working officer in command, with permission to use prison labor, would soon remedy most of the evils complained of. The garrison can be reduced sufficiently to relieve the four companies of the Seventh Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, numbering 240 men present.

Number of prisoners May 3, 1863, 1,165.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. MARSH,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps.

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 7, 1864.

Copy respectfully furnished for the information of Colonel Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

Colonel Richardson has been directed to take immediate measures to cause a thorough and complete cleansing of the prison and barracks under his charge; also to relieve Colonel Webber, Eighty-eighth Ohio, from duty as treasurer of money sent to prisoners, and to have the funds turned over to Camp. G. D. Harrington, commissary of subsistence and treasurer of prison fund.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

[MAY 3, 1864. - For report of the Confederate prisoners of war and deserters in the Department of the Chamberland during April, 1864, see Series I, Vol. XXXII, Part I, p. 22.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., May 3, 1864.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Agent for Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose you a letter from Brigadier-General Dow,* late a prisoner at Libby, with reference to the statement therein

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

