
RICHMOND, November 4, 1864.

Major-General McLAWS, Savannah, Ga.:

I understand, from a press dispatch received here, that a large number of our prisoners were about to be delivered in the Savannah River. The Federals promised to notify me when they would do so, but have not done it. It was my purpose to send an agent to superintend the delivery in both sides. If I send one, will he arrive in time? Only the sick and wounded are to be delivered in return, if we have as many of that sort as the Yankees give us. If not, let the difference be made up from those whose term of service has expired. the prisoners south of Charleston are under General Winder; those north of that place under General Gardner. There are many sick and wounded under both. the deficiency of sick and wounded under General Winder can be made up from those under General Gardner. There are numbers at Columbia and Salisbury. Let me know immediately what you contemplate doing, and whether my assistant can reach Savannah in time to superintend the delivery of the Federal prisoners.

Respectfully,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

RICHMOND, VA., November 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General WINDER, Milten, Ga.:

I understand a large delivery of our sick and wounded prisoners is about to be made near Savannah. You will please send the sick and wounded in return. If from those under you and General Gardner there are not enough to make an equivalent for what the Yankees deliver, let the deficiency be made up from those whose term of service has expired. Such are the instructions of the Secretary of War.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS POST, Richmond, November 4, 1864.

Major GARNETT ANDREWS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the inspection of the military prison at Columbia, S. C.:

The camp is a large one, in fact much too large for the number of prisoners confined (hence they have made themselves very comfortable), which requires a much larger guard than is necessary. Prisoners are constantly escaping during the dark nights. Five escaped the night before I arrived. I suggested that the lines be contracted, as a great deal more ground than necessary was inclosed, throwing the sentinels closer together; also, that light wood fires be kept up along the lines during the dark nights. Both of these changes I deemed necessary, and would have so ordered had Colonel Means been regularly assigned to command under General Gardner. In the first place, Colonel M. being put in command by General Hardee an reporting to him, I was not authorized to make any changes. In the second place, my orders would not have been recognized had I issued them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO C. RUTHERFORD,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

