
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., November 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel D. T. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General:

COLONEL: The inclosed papers (extracts from your report and answers of General Winder and his subordinate officers*) are referred to you for additional statements.

The whole tenor of the replies demands some action upon the part of the Department. This action cannot be taken unless I am possessed of explanatory statements from yourself. You will, therefore, please take up the replies of General Winder and his officers, and re[ply to each point, traversing a statement of your report, giving full and clear explanation of every point mae therein.

I am, colonel. very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 263. richmond, November 4, 1864.

* * *

XXIV. Captain W. H. Hatch, assistant adjutant-general and assistant agent of exchange, will proceed forthwith to Savannah and superintend and control the receipt and delivery of prisoners and stores. The military authorities will extend to him whatever facilities and [co-operation] may be necessary to the execution of this order. Captain Hatch will report his proceedings directly to the agent of exchange at Richmond. The quartermasters will furnish the necessary transportation upon the requisition of Captain Hatch, assistant adjutant-general.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE, DEPT. OF THE EAST,

Numbers 125 Bleecker Street, N. Y., November 5, 1864.

Brigadier General J. K. BARNES,

Surgeon-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The accompanying report of Surgeon Sanger, U. S. Volunteers, in charge of the prisoners' hospital at Elmira, N. Y., is respectfully transmitted to the Surgeon-General with the following remarks: In September, Surgeon Sloan, U. S. Army, acting medical inspector for this office, was sent to Elmira to make a general inspection and report upon the condition of affairs at that post. the difficulties under which he labored from the impossibility of obtaining what he deemed necessary for the proper administration of the medical department were represented by doctor Sanger. Surgeon Sloan informed him that there was but one effectual way of remedying the evils complained of, viz, a reference of all his wants in proper from for the approval of the medical director and the action of the general commanding the department. Immediately upon the return of Surgeon Sloan from his tour of inspection the following communication was sent to Surgeon Sanger:

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE, DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST,

New York, September 24,, 1864.

* * *

You are instructed to prepare the necessary requisitions for such alterations,

---------------

*See pp. 755-761, excepting indorsement of December 1, p. 756.

---------------

