
and store-rooms were all considered and their importance impressed upon the commanding officer. On the 13th to August commenced making written reports of the following dates: August 13, August 23, August 26, September 3, 5, 16, October 5, 9, and October 17, calling attention to the pond, vaults, and their deadly poison, the existence of scurvy to an alarming extent (reporting 2,000 scorbutic cases at one time); recommended fresh vegetables daily to the scurvy patients and an increase in the capacity of the hospital; pointed out the necessity of a kitchen, laundry, mess-room, and dead-house, and presented plans from the same; called attention to improvements in cooking and method of serving the rations; great delay in filling my requisitions for the hospital; the sickness and suffering occasioned thereby; a more general observation of the sanitary laws governing human beings herded in crowded camps and the inevitable consequences following neglect. How does the matter stand to day? The pond remains green with putrescence, filling the air with its messengers of disease and death, the vaults give out their sickly odors, and the hospitals are crowded with victims for the grave. A single ration of vegetables wass given fro a while and discontinued. Three rations in five of onions and potatoes were allowed from the 1st of October for a fortnight and discontinued. The men are hurried in to their rations of bread, beans, meat, and soup, to half gulp it down on the spot or to carry it hastily away to their quarters in old rusty canteens and improvised dirty dippers and measures.

Hospital wards with the addition of three barracks, buildings poorly adapted for hospital purposes, are insufficient to accommodate the sick. Kitchen half large enough. Washing and drying done in the open air at a time when we have not been able to dry our clothes for a month. Nurses, full-diet patients, &amp;c., eat in the wards, kitchen, or wherever they can. Post-mortem performed in a little tent exposed to the gaze of the camp and an office 12 by 20 feet, in which are crowded together drugs and druggists, stewards and clerks, doctors and dressings, commissary clerks and hospital supplies, in a state of confusion worst confounded.

While Lieutenant-Colonel Eastmen, of the Regular Army, was in command I reported directly to him, and was able by direct communication to expedite business, personally explain the wants of the hospital department, and to a limited extent act as medical adviser of the medical interests of the prisoners. Since Colonel Tracy, of the U. S. colored troops, has been in command all direct communication has been cut off, and I am ordered by him to report to a junior military officer in camp, who has merely a forwarding power. So far as garrison duties are concerned, I do not object to reporting to a junior military officer in camp, who has merely a forwarding power. So far as garrison duties are concerned, I do not object to reporting to a junior military office in camp, who has merely a forwarding power. So far as garrison duties are concerned, I do not object to reporting to a junior military officer, but in the administrative duties of a large hospital department the surgeon in charge must have direct communication with the commander, who is the only authorized executive officer. My provision returns, my bill of purchases, my requisitions for hospital fixtures and medical supplies, must all be forwarded to him, subject to his approval or disapproval, without any medical representations to advise or guide in the exercise of opinions and actions based upon common sense alone. Common sense is a very good thing, but does not work in physic. to illustrate: The requisition for medicine sent October 7 through the intermediate channel for approval was never heard from; the second was delayed two or three days; my provision returns or often forty-eight hours getting back to me, and applications for straw and fixtures for hospital are frequently made some three or four weeks before I receive

