HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE AGENT OF EXCHANGE,New Orleans, La., November 5, 1864.

Major J. R. CURELL, Assistant Agent of Exchange, Mobile, Ala.:

MAJOR: Will you have the goodness to inform me whether those naval officers captured in Mobile Bay, who were sent to the North by Admiral Farragut, have been exchanged there? Also, whether any agreement for the exchange of naval prisoners has been made by the general commissioner of exchange, or other authorities at Washington and Richmond which will include or affect the remaining naval prisoners captured in Mobile Bay.

Admiral Farragut writes me that he has seen a statement in the Mobile papers that the naval officers whom he sent North from Pensacola have been exchanged and have arrived at Richmond. He also forwards me a copy of a telegram from Secretary Mallory to Fleet Surgeon Conrad, C. U S. Navy, dated Richmond, October 25, 1864, in which he states that "all navel prisoners of war have been exchanged, including those captured at Mobile, but the latter are not yet delivered. " I desire to know whether this statement of Secretary Mallory has refer some other and later one.

As you have no doubt conjectured, a misunderstanding between the naval authorities and myself, as to the exchange of Admiral Buchanan and the other officers of the highest rank among those captured in Mobile Bay, has thus far prevented the consummation of the exchange agreed upon between Colonel Watts and myself. I have exceedingly regretted this cause of delay and embarrassment, and shall be very glad if any arrangement effected at the North shall serve to remove it.

If Admiral Buchanan and those of his officers whom Admiral Farragut sends to the North are exchanged there, your purpose in regard to them will be as well attained as if we exchanged them here, and there will be nothing to prevent the carrying out of your agreement of August 23, in reference to who remain. The exchange of the prisoners of Fort Gaines will be made as agreed upon. I am now awaiting notice from Major Szymanski of the time when he will deliver me the equivalents for them.

I inclose a few letters, one to your own address.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. DWIGHT,

Colonel and Agent of Exchange, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., November 5, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington D. C.:

COLONEL: There are a number of officers, prisoners in the hands o the rebels, who have been confined some of them nearly tow years. These officers are continually writing me, urging me to make efforts for their exchange. I would therefore respectfully request authority to exchange the rebel officers who have until recently been on Morris Island for retaliation for keeping our officers under fire in Charleston, but who now have been removed to Fort Pulaski in consequence of the removal of our officers from Charleston.

