
If this cannot be done, I would like to have authority to exchange the sick and wounded among them, who at present number about seventy. These men can never be of service to the rebels in the field, and I think that I can exchange them for our well officers.

If neither of the above requests be granted, I would like to exchange thirty or forty privates captured in this department who are now confined at this place.

The exchange of the sick and wounded officers, with the privates, would enable me to release some of our officers who have been prisoners for a long time and who would be of great service to us at present.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. G. FORSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, November 11, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

W. HOFFMAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

Per GEO. BLAGDEN,

Assistant to Commissary-General of Prisoners (in General Hoffman's absence).

[Second indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 14, 1864.

Respectfully transmitted to Major-General Butler. By order of the Secretary of War:

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,In the Field, November 22, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

It is recommended that General Foster be instructed to cease interfering in exchange matters, as it is not only mischievous, but embarrassing. The commissioner can exchange all officers an soldiers, man for man, with the exception of colored troops, if the Government so desires it, and he respectfully requests that General Foster be ordered to cease all attempts to act as agent of exchange. Arrangements have already been made to exchange all sick and wounded.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General and Commissioner of Exchange.

[Fourth indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 25, 1864.

NOTE. -Upon exhibiting this paper to General Halleck this morning, the undersigned was informed that General Foster has been already instructed in conformity with the wishes of Major-General Butler.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

