HEADQUARTERS PRISON OFFICE,Camp Chase, Ohio, November 5, 1864.

Colonel W. P. RICHARDSON,

Twenty-fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending November 5, 1864:

Conduct, good; cleanliness, good; clothing, improved since their arrival at this post; bedding, good; state of quarters, clean; state of mess-house, clean and well arranged; state of kitchen, clean; food, quality of, the same as U. S. troops at this post; food, quantity of, full ration allowed by order of Commissary-General of Prisoners; water, good; sinks in Prisons 2 and 3 perfect, not perfect in Prison 1; police of grounds, good; drainage, good; police of hospital, good; attendance of sick, sufficient; hospital diet, healthy; general health of prisoners, improving; vigilance of guard, good.

Remarks and suggestions. -An order for the construction of a more perfect sink in Prison 1 has been issued and will be constructed as speedily as possible. I would recommend that platform scales be purchased in order to enable the prisoners to make an equal division of rations after being issued by the post-say one to every four barracks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. S. PARKER,

Captain, Eighty-eighth Ohio Vol. Infantry, Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

The supply of clothing for prisoners has for a long time been inadequate. Frequent requisitions have been made, but have never been filled. The quartermaster informs me that he has just received receipts for a supply shopped from some point in the West. I have by order discontinued the issue of salt fish in place of bacon or pork until I should hear from you on that subject. Beef has been ensued in lieu thereof with good effect. The prevailing diseases are pneumonia, typhoid fever, dysentery, and smallpox. Every precaution is taken to prevent smallpox, but it is brought by new arrivals and can not be effectually guarded against. Our pest-house accommodations are sufficient. Another ward will have to be erected to the prison hospital. No answer has been received to my letter in regard to the employment of prisoners as nurses and attendants in hospital.

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Veteran Vol. Infantry, Commanding Post.

HEADQUARTERS POST, Richmond, November 5, 1864.

Major GARNETT ANDREWS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of inspection of the military prisons at Florence, S. C.:

I found Colonel George P. Harrison in command, receiving from and reporting directly to Lieutenant-General Hardee.

A copy of the order from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, placing General Gardner in command of all military prisons in Virginia, North and South Carolina, and forwarded from these headquarters to Colonel Harrison, was sent by him to Lieutenant-General Hardee, asking instructions.

