
I have ordered him to be released and sent to you, and I would suggest that this should be made a general rule, as in the cases of surgeons and chaplains.

Please inform me whether it meets your approbation; and if so, we will publish a reciprocal general order upon the subject.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General and Commissioner for Exchange.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE,Fort Monroe, Va., April 4, 1864.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Agent for Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Will your authorities make a special exchange of Lieutenant Colonel James H. Wing, Third Ohio Volunteers, a prisoner in Libby Prison? This Government is willing to give any Confederate officer of equal rank in exchange for him.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General and Commissioner for Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DEPARTMENT, MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,Columbus, Ohio, April 4, 1864.

Colonel JOSEPH K. BARNES,

Acting Surgeon-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The alarming number of deaths occurring at Rock Island, as shown by the weekly reports received, induced me to call for a special report of the causes of this mortality. This report reached me on the night of the 2nd and I have now the honor to inclose it for your inspection. It is somewhat confused, but it appears to me to show that the buildings are insufficient and badly arranged; that there are no means provided for washing, and insufficient for cooking; that smallpox is prevailing to a fearful extent among the prisoners and is very fatal; that extended accommodations for the sick have been in progress, but were arrested under the impression that smallpox would soon have done its worst and then these buildings would not be necessary.

I shall send written instructions to the surgeon in charge immediately to put in requisition such measures for controlling this pestilence as I have authority to order, and in the meantime I have the honor to request that the War Department will direct the work upon the buildings to be at once resumed; that a suitable laundry shall be provided - if there is not room within the prison inclosure then to build it without - that the kitchen arrangements shall be completed and extended as far as is necessary, and that the order to burn the clothing of smallpox patients and issue such articles as may be judged necessary be extended to the prisoners of war.

Having no officer to send to Rock Island to inspect and report upon the establishment, I have requested the assistant surgeon-general to send one for this purpose if practicable.

I have also asked my friend Mr. Robert W. Burnet, of Cincinnati, if his branch of the Sanitary Commission cannot send promptly 150

