
I made no inspection of the troops, as General Gardner's command over this prison is not recognized under instructions from Lieutenant-General Hardee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. RUTHERFORD,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS POST AND MILITARY PRISONS,Richmond, November 15, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel Chilton, assistant adjutant and inspector general, for hiss information.

W. M. GARDNER,

Brigadier-General.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

November 18, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

The necessity for one controlling head here is the same as at Columbia, and until the question as to who is to exercise such control is determined, it appears impossible to correct the evils prevailing at all the Yankee prisons. General Gardner informs me that he received no return affording him the information expecting the prisoners, and that he has not the power to enforce orders.

Our suffering captives in Yankee prisons are all serious sufferers from the mismanagement prevailing amongst the Yankee prisons.

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Third indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 20, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

General Winder has been appointed to general charge of the prisoners and prisons. The order has, I suppose, been issued.

J. A. S.

RICHMOND, November 5, 1864.

JOHN ENDERS, Esq., President of Ambulance Committee:

SIR: A very large number of sick and wounded prisoners will soon be received and delivered near Savannah. I think it is very important that you and some others of your committee should immediately proceed to Savannah and report to Captain Hatch, who has already gone to the point for the purpose of superintending the delivery. I make this suggestion because of your familiarity with the duties of attendance upon sick and wounded. You will doubtless find at Savannah material as from which you can readily organize such a corps as may be needed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

[First indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 5, 1864.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL:

Grant transportation to Mr. Enders and the few members of the ambulance committee necessary to carry out the purposes indicated in

