
the within letter, and instruct quartermasters to lend the usual necessary facilities required by a detachment of the ambulance committee on such duty.

J. A. S.

Secretary.

[Second indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 5, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Instruct officers to give such countenance and aid as may be necessary to enable Mr. Enders and his associates to carry out the aims of the within letter.

J. A. S.

Secretary.

[Third indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 5, 1864.

Colonel WITHERS:

Mr. Seddon constructed his indorsement on Mr. Enders' application as convening commissary supplies for his party and the sick and wounded in their charge. He so said on the paper being resubmitted on that point.

Respectfully,

R. G. H. KEAN,

Chief of Bureau of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,November 6, 1864.

Judge ROBERT OULD, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: Your communication of the 30th of October, inquiring whether the U. S. authorities will consent to a shipment of cotton from a Southern port to a Northern city, with a view of purchasing blankets, &amp;c., for the immediate relief of prisoners, &c., is just this moment received. I hasten to reply to send back by the same messenger who brought yours.

I will propose that the U. S. authorities send a vessel to receive the cotton at any place you may designate between the lines of the two parties and ship it to such Northern city as you may designate. A Confederate prisoner of war will be allowed to accompany the vessel going after the cotton, and to stay with it until it is sold. He will also be allowed to make the purchases with the proceeds and distribute them. A commissioned U. S. officer will accompany the officer selected by you during the whole of this transaction.

This much I can answer without referring to higher authority. If it is insisted that a Southern vessel run from a Southern to a Northern port direct, I will have to refer the matter to the Treasury Department for the views of the President.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

OFFICE ASST. AGENT FOR EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Fort Monroe, Va., November 6, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER, Commissioner for Exchange, &c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I am still here awaiting transportation for the sick prisoners now on board steamers Atlantic and Baltic, and more particularly our own men whom I am to receive

