
in return. It would be worse than barbarous, general, for me to under-take, in the ships now at my disposal, the transportation of those feeble and dying men now anxiously awaiting my arrival at Savannah, and whose suffering are protracted and aggravated and whose mortality is fearfully increased by this needless delay. My fleet, as organized by yourself, was indeed a noble one, for a noble purpose; one that would reflect honor upon our Government and carry you and gladness to many thousand anguished hearts. Of that portion still left me no fault can be found, but the most essential part for this expedition is withheld. I am, by an order from Washington to Colonel Webster, chief quartermaster of this department, deprived the use of the only hospital ships in the fleet, and knowing so well as I do for what a wretched freight I am to provide on my return trip, I feel assured you will approve my course in insisting upon some proper provision being made for the sick before I sail. I have now here loaded the steamers Atlantic, Baltic, Northern Light, H. Livingston, and New York, in all some 3,000 men; have lost over 50 since their arrival at this place. One other vessel, the Crescent, is loaded with stores, clothing, &amp;c. I have turned over to the quartermaster five of the large vessels for the transportation of troops. The balance of the fleet is still here. Quartermaster-General informed Colonel Webster he had ordered vessels from New York to relieve the Atlantic and Baltic. They have not yet arrived, nor have we further advice of them. Please direct me what to do, and believe me,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO E. MULFORD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Agent of Exchange.

FORT DELAWARE, DEL., November 6, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the prisoners of war at Fort Delaware, Del., for the week ending November 6, 1864:

Conduct, good; cleanliness, proper attention given to; clothing, comfortable; bedding, in accordance with allowance; state of quarters of, very good; food, quantity of, receive their full rations; sinks, are kept in good condition; policing of grounds, very well conducted; drainage, very good; vigilance of guard, faithfully performs its duty; security of quarters, no prisoners have escaped this week; policing hospital, admirably conducted; attendance of sick (nurses), receive every possible attention; cleanliness of hospital, very good; hospital diet, good and sufficient; general health of prisoners, about 31/2 per cent. sick, 7 deaths this week.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. AHL,

Captain, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Inspecting Officer.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. MILITARY PRISON,Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind., November 6, 1864.

Bvt. Brigadier General W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of October 31, 1864, relative to the construction of four

