
more hospital wards, for the accommodation of the sick at this camp, and also of converting the old wards now in use into barracks for the use of prisoners now occupying tents. I herewith inclose report from Major Charles J. Kipp, surgeon in charge, indorsed by Lieutenant Colonel L. Humphreys, medical inspector, U. S. Army, who visited this camp on the 5th instant, to which I would respectfully invite your attention. * I would respectfully state that the proposed erection of a new hospital at this camp is in accordance with the suggestions and recommendations of Surgeon Alexander, medical inspector, and is, in my opinion, highly necessary, and I would therefore recommend the erection of four additional wards as soon as practicable.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. STEVENS,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding.

U. S. MILITARY PRISON HOSPITAL,

Gratiot Street, Saint Louis, November 6, 1864.

Colonel JOSEPH DARR, JR., Acting Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the quarters now occupied by forty-six rebel officers in this prison contain and are not more than 5,000 cubic feet, and entirely inadequate in space for such a number. It is highly essential that the number should be reduced immediately, the space of said room not being adapted for more than twelve at most.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. REX,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, November 7, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Captain R. C. Allen, commanding Gratiot Street Military Prison, who will at once remove some of these prisoners to other quarters in order to obviate the complaints made by Surgeon Rex.

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Acting Provost-Marshal-General.

[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE GRATIOT STREET PRISON,

Saint Louis, Mo., November 8, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Colonel Darr with the information that the within-named prisoners now occupy two of the strong rooms in this prison. They were kept in one room this morning for not more than one hour while another room was being put in readiness. Had Major Rex referred the matter to me, I could have explained it to him without troubling you. I cannot give these prisoners other quarters and obey your order to keep them apart form other prisoners.

R. C. ALLEN,

Captain, Fortieth Missouri Infantry, Commanding Prison.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

