
say that they have a great many patients that need hospital care. I am informed that among 250 patients in hospital 110 are able to go to the table for their meals. This fact leads me to believe that there is some cause for the complaint.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. BRIGGS,

First Lieutenant, Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps,

Special Inspector Camp Douglas.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. MILITARY PRISON,Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind., November 6, 1864.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS, Commanding Camp Morton:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending November 5, 1864:

Conduct, very quiet, no attempts to escape; cleanliness, good state; clothing, good; bedding, good; state of quarters, good condition, thoroughly policed each day; state of mess houses, have none; state of kitchen, good condition; food, quality of, first class; food, quantity of, sufficient, being in accordance to orders; water, sufficient and good; sinks, sufficient, and kept thoroughly cleansed; police of quarters, thorough each day; drainage, complete; police of hospital, thorough; attendance of sick, good; hospital diet, first class; general health of prisoners, good; vigilance of guard, ordinary.

Remarks and suggestions. -I would resentfully suggest that the old hospital wards, which are about to be vacated, be immediately converted into barracks for those men now occupying the tents.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

First Lieutenant, Veteran Reserve Corps, Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

CAMP MORTON MILITARY PRISON,

Near Indianapolis, Ind., November 7, 1864.

Brigadier General W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the statements of Lieutenant J. W. Davidson, inspector of the camp, herein contained, are in accordance with the true condition of this prison, and that every effort will be made to render its management satisfactory.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary General of Prisoners.

A. A. STEVENS,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Vet. Reserve Corps, Commanding Camp Morton.
HEADQUARTERS SUPERINTENDENT OF PRISON,Johnson's Island, November 6, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel FREDERICK S. PALMER,

Commanding U. S. Forces at Johson's Island and Sandusky, Ohio:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending November 6, 1864.

Conduct, good; cleanliness, good; clothing, good, with the exception of trousers, none at post, requisition made for them; bedding, fair,

70 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII

