
straw cannot be procured; state of quarters, good; state of messhouses, good; state of kitchen, fair; food, quality of, good; food, quantity of, barely sufficient; water, good; sinks, fair; police of grounds, good; drainage, good; police of hospital, good; attendance of sick, good; hospital diet, good; general health of prisoners (whole number of prisoners 2,650), sick 51, died since last report 2; vigilance of guard, good.

Remarks and suggestions. -Sour beef was issued to prisoners one day the past week, but was immediately replaced by good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. LINNELL,

Major 128th Ohio Volunteer Infantry,

Assistant Superintendent Prison and Inspecting Officer.
HEADQUARTERS FOR LAFAYETTE,New York Harbor, November 6, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel BURKE, Commanding Fort Lafayette:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending November 6, 1864:

Conduct, very good; cleanliness, generally very good; clothing, good; bedding, iron bedsteads, husk mattresses, blankets, sheets, and pillows; state of quarters, very good; state of mess-house, good; state of kitchen, clean and in good order; food, quality of, good; food, quantity of, circular of June 1, 1864, complied with; water, excellence, Croton; sinks, comfortable and cleanly; police of grounds, excellent; drainage, good; police of hospital, no hospital at post (prisoners very sick are sent to Fort Hamilton Hospital); attendance of sick, Doctor Gibson attends to sick ever morning; hospital diet, none at fort; general health of prisoners, very good; vigilance of guard, guards vigilant. Prisoners verified three times during the night.

Remarks and suggestions. -The number of prisoners confined in Fort Lafayette is 116, composed of prisoners of war, blockade-runners, and a few political prisoners. The treatment of the prisoners is good. They are all allowed to exercise in the yard from reveille until retreat, are furnished with everything allowed them by existing regulations, and all of them express themselves perfectly satisfied with the treatment they receive.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. ROBERTSON,

First Lieutenant, Tenth U. S. Infantry, Post Adjt. and Insp. Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Treatment, &amp;c., in accordance with instructions received, is strictly carried out and adhered to.

NEW YORK, November 6, 1864.

Colonel J. E. MULFORD,

Assistant Agent of Exchange, Fort Monroe, Va.:

Start immediately with the Atlantic and Baltic. It is by order of the Secretary of War. Do not yield the point to anything but armed force, and let General Shepley have sufficient force to meet even that.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

