
the date of its delivery there, within reasonable time after the time it is placed in the possession of the United States, and will permit such cotton to be sent from any port in the United States, whether such port is in the possession of the Confederate authorities or otherwise, or we will receive such cotton in payment at the price named at any port to be designated by the Confederate authorities in the United States, whether said port is in the possession of the Confederate authorities or otherwise, for all articles so furnished the prisoners held by us by the Confederate authorities.

The United States will also permit the purchase of tents and fuel by the Confederate authorities, at the prices paid by the United States therefor, for shelter and fire to the Confederate prisoners held by them upon the same terms and condition as the purchase of provisions, clothing, and hospital stores are allowed to be furnished by the Confederate authorities.

All these stores to be receipted fro, distributed, and expended by a board of three officers from the prisoners of war held by either party above the rank of company officers at each prison, to be designated by the party from whom such officers were captured, who shall be paroled for that purpose and shall have full liberty to communicate with the commissioner for exchange of the Confederate authorities and the United States in open letters.

It being understood and agreed that no articles furnished by either Government for the use of its prisoners shall be, upon any pretense or for any cause whatever, diverted from the use for which they are dedicated, and any surplus of articles furnished by the United States or by the Confederate authorities or to be returned to the place whence received by either party and put at the disposal of the party owning the same, except that tents, if any, purchased by the Confederate authorities are not to be taken within their military lines, but may be disposed of banner as may be decided by the authorities.

It is further understood and agreed that either party shall have the privilege of putting a surgeon on each board as one of the three officers herein provided for.

JNO E. MULFORD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Agent for Exchange.

[NOVEMBER 7, 1864. -For Sweet to Hoffman, and Stanton to Sweet, in regard to arrest of G. St. Leger Grenfel et al., charge with conspiracy to release Confederate prisoners at Camp Douglas, see Series I, Vol. XXXIX, Part III, p. 696.]
HDQRS. SUPT. AND INSPECTOR OF MILITARY PRISONS,Saint Louis, Mo., November 7, 1864.

Colonel JOSEPH DARR, JR., Acting Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending November 7, 1864:

Conduct, satisfactory; cleanliness, clean; clothing, not quite sufficient; bedding, good, enough; state of quarters, insufficient, as report in previous reports; state of mess-houses, dark, unhealthy, and unfit;

