
The flag-of-truce boat New York, under the charge of Major Mulford, with 32 officers, 363 enlisted men, and 1 citizen on board, reached the wharf at the Naval School hospital about 10 o'clock. On going on board I found the officers generally in good health and much cheered by their happy release from the rebel prisons and by the prospect of again being with their friends.

The enlisted men who had endured so many privations at Belle Isle and other places were, with few exceptions, in a very sad plight, mentally and physically, having for months been exposed to all the changes of the weather with no other protection than a very insufficient supply of worthless tents, and with an allowance of food scarcely sufficient to prevent starvation, even if of wholesome quality, but as it was made of coarsely ground corn, including the husks, and probably at times the cobs, if it did not kill by starvation it was sure to do it by the disease it created. Some of these poor fellows were wasted to mere skeletons and had scarcely life enough remaining to appreciate that they were now in the hands of their friends, and among them all there were few who had not become too much broken down and dispirited by their many privations to be able to realize the happy prospect of relief from their sufferings which was before them. With rare exceptions, every face was sad with care and hunger; there was no brightening of the countenance or lighting up of the eye to indicate a thought of anything beyond a painful sense of prostration of mind and body. Many faces showed that there was scarcely a ray of intelligence left.

Every preparation had been made for their reception in anticipation of the arrival of the steamer, and immediately upon her being made fast to the wharf the paroled men were landed and taken immediately to the hospital, where, after receiving a warm bath, they were furnished with a suitable supply of new clothing and received all those other attentions which their sad condition demanded. Of the whole number there are perhaps 50 to 100 who in a week or ten days will be in a convalescent state, but the others will very slowly regain their lost health.

That our soldiers when in the hands of the rebels are starved to death cannot be denied. Every return of the flag-of-truce boat from City Point brings too many living and dying witnesses to admit of a doubt of this terrible fact. I am informed that the authorities at Richmond admit the fact, but excuse it on the plea that they give the prisoners the same ration they give their own men. But can this be so? Can an army keep the field and be active and efficient on the same fare that kills prisoners of war at a frightful percentage? I think not; no man can believe it, and while a practice so shocking to humanity is persisted in by the rebel authorities I would very respectfully urge that retaliatory measures be at once instituted by subjecting the officers we now hold as prisoners of war to a similar treatment.

I took advantage of the opportunity which this visit to Annapolis gave me to make a hasty inspection of Camp Parole, and I am happy to report that I found it in every branch in a most commendable condition. The men all seemed to be cheerful and in fine health, and the police inside and out was excellent. Colonel Root, the commanding officer, deserves much credit for the very satisfactory condition to which he has brought his command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

