HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF AGENT OF EXCHANGE,

New Orleans, La., November 8, 1864.

Major JAMES R. CURELL,

Assistant Agent of Exchange, C. S. Army, Mobile, Ala.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of October 31.

The prisoners captured in West Florida, of whom you inquire, have been sent to the North for confinement. Any letter or packages intended for them should be sent to the Commissary-General of Prisoners at Washington. Their exchange in this department is impossible under existing orders.

As you have no doubt learned before this time, Admiral Buchanan has been sent to the North, as were all others of the officers of the C. S. Navy captured in Mobile Bay who were of higher rank that any of those of the U. S. Navy held prisoners in Texas. They were all turned over to the Navy Department at Washington and the question of their exchange submitted to the same authority. I know very well that this disposition of these officers was not it accordance with the agreement between Colonel Watts and myself, and I have greatly regretted the circumstances, beyond my control, which have caused this apparent violation of agreement. That it will, however, prove to be only apparent, I earnestly hope, and such I believe is already the case in regard to all the officers in question except Admiral Buchanan. If I am not misinformed they have already been exchanged, and thus the result sought by you been attained in respect to them even sooner than it could have been under our agreement.

I have the honor to inclose a statement of Robert B. Holley, of whose conduct in connection with the correspondence of prisoners you justly complained, with an indorsement of Captain M. R. Marston, jour commissary of prisoners, which latter will, trust, be a satisfactory assurance that the wrong will not be repeated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. DWIGHT,

Colonel and Agent of Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS FORT COLUMBUS,New York Harbor, November 8, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. V. BOMFORD, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending November 7, 1864:

Conduct, orderly and quiet; cleanliness, good; clothing, rather deficient necessary clothing; bedding, none, some having no blankets; state of quarters, clean and comfortable; state of mess-houses, have none; state of kitchen, same kitchen as used by recruits; food, quality of, good; food, quantity of, according to order; water, good; sinks, use tubs in casemate, kept in good order, plenty of lime, &amp;c; police of grounds, good; drainage, none required; police of hospital, have none; attendance of sick, good; hospital diet, same as other patients in hospital, as required by condition; general health of prisoners, good; vigilance of guard, excellent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. CROSMAN,

Captain, Tenth U. S. Infantry, Inspecting Officer.

