
McDOWELL PRISON, Saint Louis, November 8, 1864.

General ROSECRANS:

SIR: This morning I was called from the prison where the Confederate officers were confined and taken to an anvil and a 12-pound ball and chain riveted to my ankle, and them my sentence was read to me as follows:

In retaliation for Major Wilson, Major Enoch O. Wolf, of Lieutenant Colonel B. Ford's battalion, Colonel T. R. Freemen's brigade, General Marmaduke's division, General Price's army, shall be shot to death with musketry on Friday next between the hours of 9 and 11 o'clock. *

Now, general, I have one favor to ask and it is with you to say whether it is fair or not. The favor is this: If this inhuman and unsoldier-like deed was committed will you please ask General Price to deliver the perpetrator of this crime, and if he turned Major Wilson over to this notorious bushwhacking Tim. Reves to be executed, he certainly will make satisfaction by delivering up to the authorities the man who committed this inhuman crime, and if he refuses to carry on an honorable warfare I think all those officers in prison will refuse to take up arms if ever exchanged. I think these steps should be taken before you go further. I ask it as a soldier, as I asked it as a gentleman. I asked as an officer. I asked as member of the Masonic fraternity. Excuse my bad writing.

Yours, with respect,

E. O. WOLF,

Major, C. S. Army.

NOVEMBER 8, 1864.

Memoranda sent Major John E. Mulford.

Hiram P. Richardson, a regularly enlisted Confederate soldier, and a member of the Baltimore Battery, was captured in General Early's invasion of Maryland. He was tried and convicted as a spy and sentenced to close confinement for the war in Fort Warren. No papers were found on him, and he had on the same clothes which he wore in service. He was no more a spy than any other soldier of General Early's army. Please inform me how he is held.

Private Frederick Griffith was captured in Prince George the latter part of September, 1864. He belonged to the Signal Corps. I will thank you for any information concerning him, as to how and where he is.

I will thank you to inform me in what condition John Righter, Nineteenth Virginia Cavalry, is held at Wheeling. I understand that though a Confederate officer he has been turned over to the authorities of West Virginia. This, if anything, is worse than the treatment given to General Morgan and his officers in formed days. It is also that Captain Righter is cruelly treated. Please make inquiry into this matter and inform me what are the facts.

I understand that Captain James W. Davis, Second Tennessee Cavalry, is held at Louisville-not as a prisoner of war. It is reported that he is heavily ironed. Can you inform me why this is done?

So many of these cases are being brought to my attention, supported by convincing evidence, that I am forced to believe that the reason why

---------------

*In connection with this case see Maupin to Pleasonton, Series I, Vol. XLI, Part III, p. 640; also Ewing to Du Bois, General Orders, No. 51, Saint Louis District Matthews et al. to Du Bois to Matthews, and Smith to Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri, Series I, Vol. XLI, Part IV, pp. 236,251,299,316,344.

---------------

