
the United States Government receded from its recent offer to put all prisoners on both sides on the footing of prisoners of war was the large number of Confederate prisoners whom it held in close confinement in irons.

Austin Ferguson, an old citizen (fifty-five years of age) of Charles City County, Va., was taken from his residence last spring and is now at Point Lookout. He is a harmless and inoffensive old man. His family are in deep distress and affliction. Will you not release him?

I will thank you to inform me whether you have such a prisoner as Lieutenant William E. Munford, Fourteenth Tennessee.

I will thank Lieutenant-Colonel Mulford to make inquiry about Private Ro. Harrover and inform me where he is confined and in what character he is held. He belongs to Mosby's command and was captured long since. Also as to the case of Y. E. Stratton, of the same command. He was at one time in the Old Capitol or Carroll Prison. Stratton when last heard from was at Point Lookout. I earnestly hope this request will engage you attention. I understand Harrover was sentenced to death, and that the punishment has been commuted to imprisonment in the Albany penitentiary.

I have been informed that Corpl. Francis M. Armstrong, Sixteenth Missouri, was captured in Henry County, Mo., in March, 1863, and is now in close confinement and heavily ironed in Saint Louis. Armstrong was and is a regularly enlisted Confederate soldier. Will you please make inquiry into this and let me know how the matter stands?

I perceive by the newspapers that Commodore Buchanan and several other naval officers have been sent North from Mobile, while others were delivered for exchange there. This is in violation of our distinct agreement, and I trust that all these officers, including those at Fort Delaware, will be sent by next flag of truce. There is an officer (master's mate) by the name of Jervey, I think, at Fort Lafayette. Please send him

Captain Reynolds, in command of a Confederate cavalry company,

was captured in April, 1864, at Greeneville, East Tenn. He was taken to Knoxville and there confined in a cage eight feet square. He was allowed to be out of his cage during daylight. At sunset he was locked up. Captain Reynolds was in this condition in September last. He is a regular Confederate officer, and was acting under General Buckner's orders when captured. Will you please make inquiry into this matter?

It is alleged that Colonel John H. Winston has been condemned by a military court to seven years' imprisonment, with all and chain, at Alton, Ill. Winston is a Confederate officer and was acting under orders when captured. Will you please m this matter and let me know the facts?

I understand that the following-named parties are in confinement at Alton, to wit: Charles Hauptman, William H. Frazier, George W. Craddock, David Dobbins, Frederick Shovar, all at hard labor; Eli Casebolt, John F. McDonald, at hard labor with ball and chain; E. F. Pack, imprisonment during the war; David H. Miller, at hard labor; William P. Wilson, Samuel A. J. Tillman, Joseph T. Hoffmaster, at hard labor with ball and chain.

Most, if not all, of these are citizens of Missouri, who were awarded their respective punishment for joining the Confederate armies. Some of them were tried and condemned to punishement for violating their oaths.

By Exchange Notice No. 4, January 10, 1863, it was agreed that all persons captured in arms or hostile array against the United States

