
with the military authorities of the enemy in East. Tennessee on equitable terms for the exchange or liberation of all political prisoners or non-combatants held on side, embracing especially therein the Honorable Mr. Heiskell, and to report his proceedings to this Department.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 10, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Suspended execution of Major Wolf until further order, and meanwhile report to me on the case.

A. LINCOLN.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 10, 1864.

Governor BRAMLETTE, Frankfort, Ky.:

Yours of yesterday received. I can scarcely believe that

the General John B. Houston has been arrested "for no other offense than opposition to my re-election," for if that had been deemed sufficient cause of arrest I should have heard of more than one arrest in Kentucky on election day. If, however, General Houston has been arrested for no other cause than opposition to my re-election, General Burbridge will discharge him at once, I sending him a copy of this as an order to that effect.

A. LINCOLN.

OFFICE SUPT. AND INSPECTOR OF MILITARY PRISONS,

Saint Louis, Mo., November 10, 1864.

Colonel JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Acting Provost-Marshal-General, Department of the Missouri:

COLONEL: At my inspection of Gratiot Street Prison this morning the utter incapacity of the prison to accommodate such large numbers of prisons as are at present confined there, already noticed in my previous reports, was once more clearly demonstrated to me, when I saw how those rebel prisoners recently arrived here are huddled together in two rooms like a flock of sheep. This state of things cannot long so continue without producing the most serious results in the form of epidemics. You know very well, colonel, that it is not sympathy with rebels but the dictates of humanity that prompt me to lay this matter before you, and to recommend that in case there is no probability of these prisoners being very soon sent away, at least a part, if not the whole of Palm's Foundry, the building intended for the new military prison, be ordered to be immediately vacated and to transfer those prisoners there. Another point, colonel, I wish to submit to your consideration, and that is the inefficiency of the present guard at Gratiot Street Prison, as far as numbers are concerned. My representations in this report to Colonel Baker have been returned with the reply that with the present garrison it would be impossible to furnish larger details of men for that purpose. I suppose I am held responsible for the safe-keeping of these prisoners, and am perfectly willing I should be, but I need more men. While pondering over the possibility

