
of obtaining them, the idea forcibly struck my mind that we might perhaps upon consultation with the mayor of the city procure from the mayor's guard a sufficient number of men to make up this deficiency until Colonel Baker shall be enabled to furnish them from his garrison.

Requesting that you give these suggestions a favorable consideration, colonel, I remain,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GUST. HEINRICHS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Superintendent and Inspector of Military Prisons.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., November 10, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the commanding general with a request that orders may be issued for the vacation of Palm's Foundry. The board appointed has selected it, and as all the papers have been forwarded to the Commissary-General of Prisoners through headquarters I presume it would not be premature to issue the order.

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Acting Provost-Marshal-General.

[Second indorsement.]

Approved. Orders to be issued.

D. B.

[Third indorsement.]

Special Orders:

Authority to take possession of the building vacated known as Palm's Foundry, to be used as a military prison.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Comden, November 10, 1864.

Colonel R. G. SHAVER, Commanding Post, Camden, Ark.:

COLONEL: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to say that Federal prisoners will not be made to work on the fortifications. The officers will not be made to do any work. The privates and non-commissioned officers will be made to police the guard-house in which they are confined, and other police duty in the town if necessary. The four negroes will be sent by you to Washington, Ark., to be turned over to Major Johnson, chief of the Labor Bureau, who will be directed to publish their names and dispose of them as provided in General Orders, No. 25, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, series of 1863.

You will cause the wounded prisoners to be placed in hospitals for treatment.

The general wishes you to see to the necessary wants of the prisoners and have them supplied as far as possible.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

ED. P. TURNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

