SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, NO. 268. Richmond, November 10, 1864.

* * * * * *

XIV. The prisoners recently brought in by the Tallahassee at Wilmington, N. C., will be sent to Florence, to be there held until exchange or discharged.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, NO. 280, Washington, November 11, 1864.

I. Brigadier General H. W. Wessels, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to duty at Washington as Inspector and Commissary-General of Prisoners for the section of the country east of the Mississippi River. He will immediately relieve Brevet Brigadier-General Hoffman, in charge of the office in Washington and of the duties connected with the section of country to which he is assigned.

II. Brevet Brigadier-General Hoffman is assigned as Inspector and Commissary-General of Prisoners for the region west of the Mississippi until further orders.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., November 11, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 6th instant in reply to mine of the 30th ultimo has been received.

The Confederate Government will deliver on board one of your vessels near Mobile 1,000 bales of cotton, to be forwarded to the city of New York and there sold, the proceeds to be applied to the benefit of our prisoners, in accordance with the recent agreement. The cotton will be ready to be delivered within a week. Whenever the Federal vessel is ready to receive it notification can be given to Major-General Maury, commanding at Mobile.

I venture to suggest some details, all of which I believe are in accordance with the tenor of your letter of the 30th ultimo.

First. Major-General Trimble, now at Fort Warren, has been selected as the Confederate officer to whom the consignment shall be made at New York, who will there make the necessary and proper arrangements for the sale of the cotton, and the purchase of the articles needed by our prisoners. In the event of the disability of Major-General Trimble, Brigadier General William N. R. Beall is designated as his alternative. The selected officer shall be put on such parole as will enable him to discharge the duties assigned to him with facility and effectiveness.

Second. Such officer shall be allowed to make his purchases at those points where they can be made with the greatest advantage.

Third. As the Confederate Government propose to forward without charge such supplies as you may send for the relief of your prisoners,

