
we take it for granted that the cost of transportation from the place of purchase will be borne by the United States Government. The officer selected by us will make all necessary arrangements for such transportation.
Fourth. The reception of the supplies and their subsequent distribution amongst the prisoners on both sides shall be certified by a committee of officers confined in the prisons so supplied. Such a parole will be given to such officers as will enable them to carry out this agreement with due facility. They will report through the proper agents their proceeding to their respective Governments.

Fifth. Receipts will be given when the cotton is delivered on board your vessel and a bill of lading forwarded to Major-General Trimble or his alternate.

Sixth. I will thank your authorities to furnish General Trimble or his alternative, as near as may be, the number of prisoners confined in your respective prisons in order that he may duly apportion the supplies. Similar information as to our prisons will be furnished whenever it is asked.

I trust that these details will be agreeable to you. If they are found to be inconvenient or defective, they can be amended by the consent of both parties.

I will thank you for a reply to this communication at your earliest convenience.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, November 11, 1864.

His Excellency Honorable ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In compliance with your telegraphic orders of the 10th instant I transmit inclosed a printed statement* of the case Major Wolf,+ C. S. Army, and of the other rebels who were executed by my orders, for the purpose of teaching the enemy that if the laws and humanity are not sufficient to secure our prisoners from murder I will add to their force the motive of personal interest. Your Excellency will perceive a case of cold-blooded murder of Major Wilson and five other prisoners of war by the permission or orders of Confederate officers, as well proven as the mind of any intelligent man could require. As to the right, and even duty, of a commander to o hold the members of any organized body of men responsible for the actions of their organization, I presume their can be no doubt. War itself proceeds on this ground, to kill men who individually have done no wrong and to destroy the property of those who individually have not harmed the nation who makes it.

As to the policy of doing as I have done, I leave you to judge after reading the records in the case. All other motives having failed to secure my soldiers who have surrendered themselves prisoners of war from cold-blooded assassination or official murder by Price's command, I felt bound to appeal to the sense of personal security by declaring to these men that I should hold them individually responsible for the treatment of my troops while prisoners in their hands. This prin-

---------------

*Not found.

+Send to City Point, Va., for exchange, February 24, 1865.

---------------

