
ciple has been acted on by the rebel authorities from highest to lowest during almost the entire war. Among the instances Your Excellency will remember the incarceration of twelve of our officers, and the orders given by the rebel Government that they should be executed in case we executed, even by legal sentence, twelve pirates. You will also remember two officers, prisoners of war from my army who were put in irons by order of the rebel Government and condemned to death for the execution, by General Burnside's order, of two rebel officers caught in disguise recruiting in the State of Kentucky, convicted and sentenced by court-martial, and that they were only saved by the order that Fitzhugh Lee [W. H. F. Lee] and another officer should answer for their execution.

To these remarks I will only add that last night a woman claiming to be Mrs. Major Wolf arrived in this city, who, on being questioned, informed me that she came from a place where she had been staying in the country this side of Pilot Knob, expecting her husband, with Price's command, would winter in Missouri. How were they to live? By robbing our loyal people, innocent of any harm to them except that of trying to live under the Government of their choice, despite the wishes of Price and his invaders. With the foregoing statement, I leave the matter in your hands. It is hardly necessary to say that no man repudiates more absolutely than I the savage principle of doing acts of barbarism because our enemies perpetrate them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., November 11, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, U. S. Army,

Chief of Staff Armies of United States, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of the 3rd instant, inclosing a published letter signed by Lieutenant-Colonel as "Acting Agent of Exchanges, Department of the South. "

The publication of this letter was not authorized by me, but done without my knowledge. In carrying ou the instructions of the War Department with reference to such exchanges as have from time to time been ordered in this department and in transmitting money and such supplies to our officers and soldiers, prisoners of war, as have been allowed to be sent to them and in the requisite care and critical accuracy involved the service of one or two officers have been constantly required.

The first officers for this duty was Lieutenant-Colonel Woodford, and during his absence Lieutenant-Colonel Bennett has been performing the duty.

To render the duty distinctive I permitted Colonel Woodford to use the title of "Agent of Exchanges for Department of the South. " I have, however, in accordance with your direction, abolished the office, and will also prohibit all money and packages from being sent to our officers and privates, in accordance with your instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

