
There is a telegraph From Sumter to Fort Johnson. There are 200 negroes at work on Castle Pinckney.

There are between 1,300 and 2,000 U. S. soldiers who have taken the south of allegiance to the Southern Confederacy; 400 of them have arms and are on James Island; the others are in camp at Summerville. They are clothed in the C. S. Army uniform. General Hardee's headquarters are at Summerville. General Ripley is also there. There are two companies of the Thirty-second Georgia in Sumter. The Thirty-second is encamped at Mount Pleasant; Colonel Harrison is in command-300 strong.

The blockade runner Fox ran in out the 3d. The General Whiting is waiting to run out; she has 1,500 bales of cotton. The Coquette ran out Tuesday night with 1,200 bales of cotton.

The yellow fever is still prevalent, some eighth or ten deaths a day.

All soldiers and ten other refugees also escaped and are now with the navy.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

Statement of U. S. soldiers who came into our lines on the 8th November, 1864, at Long Island, S. C., having escape from the Southern Confederacy.

Lawrence Ballou, private Company F, Fourth Regiment U. S. Infantry, captured at the North Anna River, near Richmond, Va., May 24, 1864.

Samuel Kennedy, sergeant, Company K, First Regiment Massachusetts Cavalry, captured at Chiles' Farm May 10.

James D. Salisbury, sergeant Company K, Third Regiment New York Volunteer Infantry, captured near Petersburg, Va., May 24, 1864; was a scout for the Tenth Army Corps.

Salisbury states that to save his life and health he enlisted in the Forty-seventh Regiment Georgia Volunteers, knowing it was stationed on James Island, so that he could desert and come into our lines.

There are 150 U. S. soldiers who have taken the oath of allegiance to the Confederate States of America, and enlisted in the same regiment.

Large numbers of our prisoners are doing the same. Two hundred of them are stationed at Fort Johnson. The Forty-seventh Georgia is encamped at Secessionville, on James Island. It has about 500 men.

Ballou and Kennedy state that there are 12,000 U. S. soldiers confined at Florence. Seven hundred of them broke through the guard (which was composed mostly of boys) and escaped; many of them have since been recaptured.

The negroes helped us a great deal. We passed through Charleston in a commissary wagon to James Island and came from there to Long Island.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., November 12, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK, Chief of Staff of the Army:

GENERAL: Inclosed I send you copies of correspondence between Judge Robert Ould, agent of exchange, and myself. * The correspond-

---------------

*See Ould to Grant, October 30, p. 1063; Grant to Ould, November 6, p. 1101; Ould to Grant, November 11, p. 1117; Grant to Ould, November 12, p. 1122.

---------------

71 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII

