
Lieutenant-Colonel Mulford has arrived with ten steamers, containing sick wounded rebel prisoners, and is about entering upon the business of their exchange.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 17, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Lieutenant-General Grant for his information.

Advices form other sources indicate that many of our foreign troops and substitutes, prisoners of war, are joining the rebel service.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS PRISON OFFICE,Camp Chase, Ohio, November 12, 1864.

Colonel W. P. RICHARDSON, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending November 12, 1864:

Conduct, good; cleanliness, good; clothing much improved since their arrival at this post; bedding, good; state of quarters, clean; state of mess-houses, clean and well arranged; state of kitchen, clean and well conducted; food, quality of, first-class ration; food, quantity of, full ration allowed by order of Commissary-General of Prisoners; water, good; sinks, perfect; police of grounds, perfect; drainage, good; police of hospital, good; attendance of sick, sufficient; hospital diet, healthy; general health of prisoners, improving; vigilance of guard, good.

Remarks and suggestions. -All order which are requisite for the government of the prison have been promptly issued and as promptly obeyed as it was possible to procure material. The sink in Prison No. 1, of which mention was made in my last report, is not yet complete, in consequence of a delay in procuring material, but will soon be completed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. S. PARKER,

Captain, Eighty-eighth Ohio Vol. Infantry, Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Clothing not yet received. Quartermaster believes it will arrive in a day or two. Mortality for the last month very heavy, but now decreasing. Cooking-ranges all in operation in Prison No. 2. Result so far satisfactory. Will soon be completed in Prison 3. The commissary propose to issue for a short time an equivalent of potatoes for the bean or hominy ration. He has a large lot which he purchased very cheaply and wished to use them before freezing. I have permitted it until you direct otherwise. The prisoners do not now complain of the quantity of their ration and are quiet and submissive. There is a universal desire among them to be permitted to purchase pepper, and I would recommend that it be allowed.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Veteran Vol. Infantry, Commanding Post.

