
of course, such as had been indicted for treason. The two commissions again met and were as far apart as ever, each party insisting upon the position it took at the first meeting.

I have understood that General Vaughn was cognizant of these entire proceedings. He says: "The U. S. authorities at Knoxville propose to make an entire exchange of citizen prisoners with me. " That "entire exchange" will be found to embrace the parties whom they are anxious to have, giving for them, man for man, those of our people whom they have not seen fit to indict for treason. I am quite confined, also, that they will refuse to deliver what excess of political prisoners they may have who are not under indictment.

Seth Lea and Jesse R. Blackburn were not under General Vaughn's control when he "agreed to exchange them for two other good loyal citizens. " They had been here and at Salisbury for more than a year. I do not think that he ever captured them. If he did they had been turned over to other authority. If General Vaughn has gotten himself in a false position it is his own fault. Besides, if Seth Lea is to be believed, he committed the offense for which Corbin and McGraw were hung. In an interview with me he told me he had a recruiting commission from the Federal authorities. He was captured in East Tennessee in close proximity to our encampments. I brought his case to your notice more than once, and your instruction was to hold on to him. Of Blackburn I know nothing except that the Federals are very anxious for his release. I understand that authority has very recently been given to General Breckinridge to negotiate of all East Tennessee political prisoners. I most earnestly hope he may be successful, and that our faithful Tennessee friends in the State jails and the Federal prisons every where will be released.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 16, 1864.

Let copy of Colonel Ould's letter be referred to General Breckinridge to be considered in connection with the authority lately given him to effect exchanges in East Tennessee through General Vaughn.

J. A. S.

Secretary.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, NO. 283. Washington, November 14, 1864.

Exchange of prisoner of war.

The following-named officers and enlisted men have, been duly exchange as prisoners of war, under the orders of Major General H. W. Slocum, commanding the District of Vicksburg, near Vicksburg, Miss. *

The officers and enlisted men whose exchange is announced above will proceed to join their respective regiments as the expiration of the leaves of absence which may have been given.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*List (omitted) shows 1 officer and 14 men June 24, 1864; 35 men July 23, 1864; 1 officer and 30 men July 29, 1864; 4 officers and 7 men September 8, 1864.

---------------

