
GENERAL ORDERS, OFFICE COM. GENERAL OF PRISONERS, NO. 1. Washington, D. C., November 15, 1864.

Having been assigned to duty by General Orders, No. 280, current series, from the War Department, as Inspector and Commissary-General of Prisoners east of the Mississippi, and having relieved Bvt. Brigadier General William Hoffman from the charge of the office in Washington, I hereby enter upon the duties of said office.

All reports and returns required by existing orders will be made as heretofore, and all existing orders from this office will remain in full force until otherwise directed.

The following-named officers are announced as on duty in this office, and are empowered to conduct, under the direction of the Commissary-General of Prisoners, the ordinary correspondence connected with the office: Major G. Blagden, Second Massachusetts Cavalry, assistant commissary-general of prisoners; Surg. Thomas M. Getty, U. S. Army, medical inspector prisoners of war; Captain W. T. Harz, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers.

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier General, U. S. Vols., Inspector and Com. General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,November 15, 1864.

Bvt. Brigadier General W. HOFFMAN. Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

Myrtle and Gratiot Street Prisons are now uncomfortably full. The class of prisoners received renders it necessary to detain them for examination to detect guerrillas, &amp;c. Owing to the scarcity of troops in the department there is not sufficient guard for those now in custody, and about 500 more prisoners reported on their way here. Am relieving the prisoners as fast as possible.

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Acting Provost-Marshal-General.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,

Richmond, Va., November 15, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

SIR: The inclosed petition from the mayor and commissioners of the town of Salisbury, N. C., has been sent to me, accompanied with a letter signed by one of the latter, urging me "to use my utmost influence to get the petition granted. "

Representing the district in which this town is situated, and residing, as I do, in that neighborhood, I have a knowledge of the facts set forth in the petition, and beg leave to represent that they are not only true, but that the subject, in my opinion, commends itself to your immediate and favorable consideration. I have reason to believe that those prisoners are suffering, dying, and also escaping; but the fact that the people of the town and surrounding country are bearing far more than their fair proportion of the burdens of this establishment is with me a most weighty-reason why the prayer of the petitioners should be granted.

Hoping that you will be able in a short time to give a favorable response,

I am, most respectfully and very truly, yours,

JAMES G. RAMSAY.

