
unwillingness of the people to seek more supplies, a deficiency of these, and the necessity of impressments without money, which is almost impossible. When the indebtedness of this Bureau is relieved, and funds furnished in additional to procure supplies with for the armies in the field, it is hoped that enough will be found to meet the regular demands of the hospitals. This Bureau scarcely expects to realize such a healthful condition of the country, and can take no action in conflict with the law, which is conclusive on the subject.

The complaint within is only a necessary result of the condition of the country, which cannot be remedied in any way that I know of.

Respectfully returned to the Surgeon-General.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

[Third indorsement.]

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE, November 20, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War to know what can be done under the circumstances.

Much complaint is also made from the hospitals in Georgia that employees and detailed men have from not been paid since last February, and that there is much difficulty from this cause in retaining the employed negroes.

S. P. MOORE,

Surgeon-General C. S. Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT, November 16, 1864-2. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

It is objectionable on several grounds to let General Trimble have any parole, or trust, or indulgence in relation to supplies for prisoners, or any other purpose. He cannot be trusted, and is the most dangerous rebel in our hands. General Beall is believed to be unexceptionable, and may be designated as the officer or agent under your arrangement with Mr. Ould.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

OFFICE EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Mobile, November 16, 1864.

Colonel C. C. DWIGHT,

Agent of Exchange, Mil. Div. of West Miss., New Orleans, La.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of yours of 5th and 10th November instant.

Captains Johnston and Murphy and Lieutenants Wharton and Bradford have been delivered in Richmond and been exchanged.

Not having in my possession particulars of the arrangement made between our authorities at Richmond and those at Washington, I cannot say positively whether they include the remaining naval prisoners captured in Mobile Bay, but I can assure you that is nothing in it which forbids, our exchange of them under the agreement made between yourself and Colonel Watts, as I have had several communications by telegraph from Colonel Ould at Richmond indorsing and ratifying the exchange as made at Pascagoula.

I trust, therefore, whilst you will allow me to express surprise of the course adopted with regard to Admiral Buchanan and the other officers

