
part of September Surgeon Sanger, having represented the difficulties under which he labored, was instructed by you to make requisitions for everything necessary for the proper administration of his department, for your approval and the action of the general commanding the Department of the East. The reason why this was not done was explained to me. The instructions he received were submitted to the commanding officer of the prison camp, Colonel Tracy, who stated that Colonel Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, having sole charge of prisoners of war, gave all orders in relation to their management, and that all requisitions, &amp;c., must be submitted to him for his action. To this view you made no objection, and, being informed of it, instructed Doctor Sanger accordingly, your sole object being to procure the necessary supplies and relieve the medical department of responsibility or censure. The means suggested by Doctor Sanger for the better care of the prisoners were the drainage of an unhealthy pond, the erection of sinks, the enlargement of the hospital buildings, and the erection of a kitchen, mess-hall, laundry, dead-house, offices, and store-rooms, an increased issue of vegetable diet for the prevention of scurvy, increased means of cooking and distributing food, regularity in the issue of rations, and straw for the bed sacks. For all these objects he made frequent requisitions and applications at different dates between August 13 and October 17.

On the 5th of October the surgeon made application, accompanied by plans, for buildings needed in addition to those authorized by the Commissary-General of Prisoners, viz, dispensary and officers, additional wards, mess-hall, and sinks. These buildings have just been commenced, including a kitchen, but nothing has been done toward erecting, the mess-hall, dispensary, or laundry and drying room, all essentially needed. I was informed that work was about being commenced for draining and cleansing the fetid pond by introducing water from the Chemung River, through underground wooden tubing, thus creating a constant fresh-water current, which, it is admitted, will remedy the existing difficulties. It is scarcely necessary to enumerate the causes of the great ratio of mortality and sickness at this camp, but all important to suggest the means of reducing it to a healthier standard. From a full examination of the whole subject with reference to the climate and the existing condition of things, I respectfully recommend; First, the lining and ceiling of all the buildings now erected; second, the erection of additional wards, to be lined and ceiled; third, the completion of the kitchen and erection of hospital mess-hall, dispensary, offices, store-rooms, laundry, and drying room, dead-house, and sinks; fourth, the erection of a mess-hall for the camp; fifth, the use of larger stoves in the hospital; sixth, the erection of a quartermaster's and commissary store-house at the camp for the prompt issue of quartermaster's and commissary supplies without reference to the town of Elmira, and that an officer be detailed at the camp as acting assistant quartermaster and acting assistant commissary of subsistence; seventh, an issue of vegetables three times a week to the entire command and a daily issues of vegetables to those in hospital suffering from scurvy; eighth, an issue of clothing, including drawers and socks, to the prisoners. The surgeon in charge complained with justice of the perplexities arising from the delay in furnishing the supplies, particularly the straw for bedsacks. The commanding officer, while maintaining the incorrectness of these complaints, admitted the tardiness of the quartermaster. The quartermaster justified himself by asserting the scarcity of lumber and straw, an excuse, it seems to me, which can be hardly

