
sustained in that region of New York, in close proximity to the lumber and grain districts and on the lines of canals and the great Erie railway. The detail of an acting assistant quartermaster and commissary at the camp, as above suggested, would obviate all these difficulties by keeping on hand supplies in bulk equal to the demands of a force of 10,000 men. I was informed that everything being referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners, the requisition of lining the buildings to make them comfortable for the winter was disapproved and the stopping of cracks and open places ordered. A personal inspection convinced me that this measure would not remedy the evil. The winters are exceedingly cold and bleak at Elmira and the buildings were hastily erected of green lumber, which is cracking, splitting, and warping in every direction. An inside lining would prevent the access of cold winds, snow, and repay the expenditure in the end in the saving of fuel. I feel confident that if these suggestions are presented to the Commissary-General of Prisoners and the commanding general of the department, their force will be manifest and the proper steps be taken immediately on account of the approach of winter, and thus prevent the progress of pneumonia and scurvy, now ravaging the camp. With protection from the weather and the climate and with an increase of vegetable food, the winter instead of adding to the mortality will exercise a beneficial influence.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. J. SLOAN,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

RICHMOND, VA., November 17, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have lately received several communications from Confederate prisoners at the North, stating that they had received letters from you. Some of these letters state one thing and some another. Some of them contain extracts from your letters to them. Are not the suffering of these people already sufficient without further torture? Why delude them with false hopes, why tell some of them we are opposed to exchanges, and others that if we would give equivalents for them they would be sent home?

In order that there should be no misunderstanding between us I now say that there is not one Confederate officer or soldier in captivity as the North for whom I will not give an equivalent just as soon as he is delivered to us.

These prisoners generally write that you have informed them that if I will request their delivery, promising to send an officer of the same rank, or soldier, as the case may be, they will be sent South to their own people. I request the delivery of lany and every officer and soldier whom you have in confinement, and more particularly all to whom you have told this story. I will simultaneously deliver the equivalent of each. If you refuse this, I beg in the name of common humanity that no more representation of this kind be made to our captives.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

[NOVEMBER 17, 1864. -For Cobb to Cooper, recommending the removal of prisoners from Georgia, see Series I, Vol. XLIV, p. 862.]

