
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., - -,186-.

Report of the sanitary condition of the C. S. military prisons at Camps Sumter and Lawton, Ga., by Surg. Isaiah H. White.

* * * * *

Having been ordered to this post, I am lending my aid to the surgeon which charge in the construction of hospital accommodations. Temporary sheds are being constructed sufficient in number and capacity to accommodate 2,000 sick.

Great difficulty is experienced in procuring from the Quartermaster's Department the necessary tools for the advancement of the work. Any number of laborers can be obtained among the prisoners, and with the necessary tools the work could soon be completed.

The law of Congress creating a hospital fund to provide for the comfort of sick and wounded is completely abrogated by the Commissary Department failing to fill requisitions for funds.

The authority granted in your telegram of September 22, to divide the excess of funds at Andersonville among the new prisons, has been thwarted by the commissary at that post in failing to supply funds. Thus we are crippled and embarrassed by the Quartermaster's and Commissary Department, the one failing to furnish on requisition those things which should be furnished by the Quartermaster's Department, and the other to furnish funds with which to purchase them in the market.

A large excess of funds at Andersonville will be turned over to the Treasury, because the commissary at that post has failed to supply himself with funds to meet requisitions, while thousands of sick both at this post and Andersonville are in a state of suffering that would touch the heart even of the most callous.

Will not the Commissary-General supply the funds, even after the monthly statement of hospital fund has been forwarded?

Humanity and the fame of the Government demand that the extreme suffering among the prisoners should be alleviated.

* * * *

ISAIAH H. WHITE,

Surgeon, Provisional Army, C. S.

[First indorsement.]

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE, November 17, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War for information as to the relative responsibility of the several departments for the actual condition of the sick and wounded prisoners of war at this camp.

S. P. MOORE,

Surgeon-General C. S. Army.

[Second indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 20, 1864.

Commissary-General and Quartermaster-General for prompt attention and report.

J. A. S.

Secretary of War.

72 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII

