
[Third indorsement.]

BUREAU OF SUBSISTENCE, Richmond, November 22, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War through the Quartermaster-General.

This Bureau has furnished for the use of hospitals all the money that it can obtain from the Treasury for that purpose.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

[Fourth indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, November 28, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Honorable Secretary of War.

The means at the disposal of this Bureau have always been liberally supplied to the military prisons. Under present circumstances it is impossible to obtain a report directly from the officer in charge of the post mentioned.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

[Fifth indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 30, 1864.

Noted. File.

J. A. S.

Secretary of War.

OFFICE ASSISTANT AGENT OF EXCHANGE,

Shreveport, La., November 18, 1864.

Colonel C. C. DWIGHT,

U. S. Commissioner of Exchange, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: Your communication of November 1 was received on the 12th instant, during a temporary absence of the general commanding the department, whose views I was desirous of ascertaining in regard to the exchange of naval prisoners. I am instructed to inform you that no delivery of U. S. naval prisoners will be made in this department unless Admiral Buchanan is exchanged with his comrades.

I leave immediately for Galveston, and hope to meet you there on the 10th of December next.

I shall take with me all the U. S. army prisoners now in confinement at Camp Groce, Tex. The balance of equivalents for the Fort Gaines capture the general commanding desires to make up from the quota due us of the U. S. wounded paroled prisoners delivered to you by Major Levy June 17, 1864. They have had ample time for recovery since their release, and our Government has never claimed immunity to its wounded or disabled soldiers. Should the number not be sufficient the deficiency shall be made up from Camp Ford. If there be any doubt on your mind as to the fairness of such action I request that you lay the matter before Major-General Canby, whose high sense of honor and justice has always been acknowledged by our officers, and whose decision will, I am sure, be in accordance with the most liberal justice to both Governments.

It will afford me pleasure to have you bring such stores as you may desire for your prisoners. Our authorities are ever anxious to alleviate the sufferings of those in our charge.

