
Sixth. That precisely the same rations and treatment be from hence-forth practiced in reference to the whole number of rebel officers remaining in our hands that are practiced against either soldiers or officers in our service held by the rebels.

My reasons for selecting the officers instead of privates for retaliatory punishment are, first, because the rebels have selected white officers of colored regiments and excluded them from the benefit of the laws of war for no other reason than that they command special troops and that having thus discriminated against the officers of the U. S. service, their officers should be held responsible for the discrimination; and, second, because it is known that a large portion of the privates in the rebel army are forced there by conscription, and are held in arms by terror and rigorous punishment from their own officers. The whole weight of retaliatory measures, therefore, should, in my opinion, be made to fall upon the officers of the rebel army, more especially as they alone are the class whose feelings are at all regarded in the rebel States or who can have any interest or influence in bringing about more humane conduct on the part of the rebel authorities.

A serious objection against the release of prisoners of war who apply to be enlarged is that they belong to influential families, who, through representatives in Congress and other influential persons, are enabled to make interest with the Government. They are the class who, instead of receiving indulgences, ought, in my opinion, to be made to bear the heaviest burden of the war brought upon them by their own crimes.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 5, 1864.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner for Exchange, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Pursuant to your X of the 2nd instant I have the honor to inclose herewith a statement of Federal and rebel prisoners of war received and delivered at City Point since the 16th ultimo, the date of my former statement. The number of Federal prisoners received, reduced to privates, is 1,208, and the number of rebel prisoners delivered is 759, giving a balance in their favor of 449.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 5, 1864.

Statement of Federal prisoners received on parole at City Point, Va., since April 16, 1864.

When received	 Colo	 Lieu	 Majo	 Cap	 Lieu	 Non-	 Priv	 Reduc

at City	 nels	 tena	 rs. 	 tai	 tena	 comm	 ates	 ed to

Point. 	 . 	 nt-	 	 ns.	 nts.	 issi	 . 	 priva

 	 colo	 	 	 	 oned	 	 tes.

 	 nels	 	 	 	 offi

 	 . 	 	 	 	 cers

 	 	 	 	 	 .

April 17,	 . .	 . .	 . .	 2	 . .	 73	 494	 652

1864. 	 . 	 . 	 . 	 	 .

May 1, 1864. 	 1	 1	 2	 7	 15	 50	 313	 556

Total. 	 1	 1	 2	 9	 15	 123	 807	 1,208

