
secure the release of specially named parties. I have in some cases even refused to recognize the special parole of some Confederate officers who were sent home to secure the release the release of some particular Federal prisoners. In one case the Confederate officer was sent back into captivity. In others I have refused to send the designated Federal officers and given some other equivalent. The Federal authorities, perceiving our resolution in this respect, have for some time past refrained from giving such paroles. Whilst I have ignored special exchanges, I have taken every means in my power to notify our prisoners at the North that we are not only anxious for their release, but were ready at all times to give an equivalent for any officer or soldier delivered to us, and at the time of his delivery. The only exceptions that I am aware of up to the course herein indicated have been the cases of the exchange of Brigadier-General Kemper for Brigadier-General Graham in September, 1863, and Major Thomas D. Armesy for Major N. Goff some three months ago. The first was proposed by the enemy and accepted, and in the other case the parties had been respectively placed in close confinement and in irons, one in relation for the other. Brigadier-General Kemper was captured in July, 1973, and Major Armesy early in 1863. I further state that in cases of relation, where parties on both sides have been placed in close confinement or in irons, I have offered to make an exchange one for the other. It was on this principle that Major Armesy was exchanged for Major Goff. I trust his exception of this class of cases from the general rule will find its excuse in the release from torture of those true and faithful men who have served their country so well as to call down the special vengeance of our foe.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, November 18, 1864.

General J. H. WINDER:

Movement of W. T. Sherman may render necessary removal of prisoners. Advise by telegraph what steps can be taken, and what you would recommend for their safe disposition.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, November 19, 1864.

Major General G. GRANGER, or

COMMANDING OFFICER, Mobile Harbor:

SIR: In accordance with arrangements made by Lieutenant-General Grant with Robert Ould, agent of exchange at Richmond, General Maury, or commander at Mobile, will ship 1,000 bales of cotton on our transports to be consigned to Brigadier General William N. R. Beall at New York. You will therefore notify General Maury of your readiness to receive the cotton specified, and will appoint an officer to receive and receipt of it, giving of landing and consigning it as above directed. The officer so appointed by you will accompany the cargo till it is delivered to General Beall, as above directed, when he will return to his post.

