
results in the form of epidemics. " And I further demonstrated that it was no more a case of necessity, but a question of humanity, that another place should be procured. I also reported that the number of guards was insufficient in proportion to the number of prisoners to be guarded; when he had 480 prisoners there was 50 more for guard than we have since the last increase of prisoners.

In my weekly report for the week ending November 14, I found fault with about the same that Major Bond in his special inspection report complains of. Major Bond says that the number of prisoners confined in the lower round room and in the large room upstairs should at once be reduced one-half. Where shall we put the other half? There is no other room in the whole building. And as long cannot move one half of the prisoners out of the rooms, it is hardly possible to thoroughly police, scrub, or was without those rooms. When these three rooms contained proportionate numbers, the prisoners of one room were all put into another for the purpose of thoroughly cleaning that room, and thus we proceeded until all the rooms were put in shape. I contend that this in the only way cleaning those rooms. Can we do this now? I say, no; even if we have one-half of them in the rooms no such thing as a systematical and accurate policing would be possible. You may say, colonel, " put the prisoners into the yard. " This I would never do on my responsibility. There is but one yard of about twelve by fifty feet, with an old wooden fence inclosing the west side, guarded by two sentinels inside and two outside. Who would risk to put one-half of the inmates of one room in that yard under the circumstances? By putting even but fifty or seventy-five men in that yard, they might overpower the sentinels and effect an escape, as they did in June last under similar circumstances, after which it was ordered by Colonel Sanderson that but a small number of prisoners should be allowed in the yard at a time.

The sinks at the prison offer facility for about twenty-five men at a time, and are continually occupied (a fact Colonel Chipman, the commissary-general's inspector, who happened to see it while in the city, can bear witness to), so that stools became necessary for the interior. Now, it is very natural that a room containing 200 or 300 prisoners, who are using about twenty hospital stools with as little care as that class of people does, cannot have a good, pure atmosphere, notwithstanding the fifteen windows that give ventilation to that one room. As a radical remedy to correct all the evils connected with this prison I recommend that another prison building be found and the number of prisoners reduced at once. I do not agree with Major Bond in his first suggestion, referring to the appointment of a board of survey. I believe that the report of Major Bond alone should be sufficient to convince the major-general commanding of the absolute necessity of a change of location, not speaking of the many other opinions given upon the subject by numerous other inspecting officers for the last three months. But I do heartily agree with him that a new female prison should be found. This I did also propose in a special report dated October 5, on which day I forwarded diagrams and specifications of a certain building situated on Tenth street between Clark avenue and Walnut street. The building now occupied as female prison in only taken temporarily; as to its safety, an architect was consulted before occupying it, who knows that building for the last ten years, and who pronounced it perfectly safe for a limited number of female prisoners. This building did contain until a few days ago but sixteen women and thirteen children, for which purpose the building was large enough. The regular female

