
prison situated near the branch hospital was converted into part of the male prison hospital, and this is the reason why the present place appears in every respect insufficient.

In conclusion, let me say, colonel, that I have exhausted all arguments in reference to the necessity of a change of location, and hoping that some definite orders will be the result of these frequent inspections and reports,

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

GUST. HEINRICHS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Inspector and Superintendent of Military Prisons.
HEADQUARTERS PRISON OFFICE,Camp Chase, November 19, 1864.

Colonel W. P RICHARDSON, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending November 19, 1864:

Conduct, good; cleanliness, in most cases good; clothing, improved since their arrival at this post; bedding, good; state of quarters, clean; state of mess-houses, clean and well arranged; state of kitchen, policed frequently; food, quality of, first-class rations; food, quantity of, full ration as allowed by Commissary-General of Prisoners; water, good; sinks, in good condition; police of ground, perfect; drainage, good; police of hospital, frequent and perfect; attendance of sick, sufficient; hospital diet, excellent; general health of prisoners, not good; vigilance of guard, excellent.

Remarks and suggestions. -The increase of sickness and mortality, in my opinion, is attributed to cold and wet weather and men exposing themselves by visiting the sinks in their night clothes. Erysipelas, pneumonia, and smallpox are the predominant diseases. Although their clothing in many instances is not sufficient for this climate, yet it is much improved since their arrival at this post. I would recommend that the ration of vegetables be increased, and believe it would be conducive to health.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. S. PARKER,

Captain and Inspector Officer.

[Indorsement.]

I have already reported fully in regard to the health, rations, and clothing of prisoners at this post.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT MARY'S DISTRICT, NO. 335. Point Lookout, Md., November 19, 1864.

* * * * *

II. Captain McKeever Veteran Reserve Corps, in charge of officers of the Florida, will proceed with them to Fort Monroe, Va., and deliver

