HEADQUARTERS MILITARY PRISON,Elmira, N. Y., November 20, 1864.

Colonel B. F. TRACY, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending November 20, 1864:

Conduct, good; cleanliness, much improved since last report; clothing, good; bedding, most of the men have blankets but no straw; state of quarters, very fair; state of mess-houses, good; state of kitchen, good; food, quality of, good; food, quantity of, plenty; water, very good; sinks, fair, police of grounds, very good, considering the state of weather; drainage, fair, except at the pond; police of hospital, very good; attendance of sick, appears very good; hospital diet, good; general health of prisoners, good; vigilance of guard, very good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. JORDAN,

Captain, Twenty-ninth Maine Vols., Acting Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Six of the new barracks for the use of prisoners or completed and occupied. Four others will soon be done. With the force now at work nearly one building per day can be erected. The conduit is progressing finely; 125 prisoners per day of eight hours are employed on its execution. It is rather more than half completed. There have been 3,000 feet of the ditch dug and 1,000 feet of the pipe (wooden) laid and covered.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

B. F. TRACY,

Colonel 127th U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Prisoners' Depot.

U. S. MILITARY PRISON,

Camp Morton, Indianapolis, November 20, 1864.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS, Commanding Camp Morton:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the weak ending November 19, 1864:

Conduct, very insubordinate having made several attempts to escape; cleanliness, good; state of clothing, good, except shirts; bedding, good; state of quarters, god condition and kept thoroughly policed; state of mess-houses, have none; state of kitchen, good condition; food quality of, first class; food, quantity of, sufficient, being in accordance with orders; water, sufficient; sinks, sufficient and kept thoroughly cleansed; police of grounds, thorough each day; drainage, complete; police of hospital, good; attendance of sick, good; hospital diet, first class; general health of prisoners, good; vigilance of guard, ordinary.

Remarks and suggestions. -I would respectfully suggest that during the past week the prisoners generally have been very insubordinate, and on the night of the 4th instant made a break on the guard and several prisoners escaped, a part of whom were recaptured. And on the night of the 18th instant preparations were made from another break, but owing to the extra vigilance used by the officers on duty at this camp, in connection with the guard, the plains concocted by the prisoners were ferreted out and broken up before being put into execution.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

First Lieutenant, Veteran Reserve Corps, and Inspecting Officer.

