
[Indorsement.]

CAMP MORTON, IND., November 22, 1864.

Captain W. T. HARTZ,

Assistant Adjutant-General,

Deputy Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state in reference to the remarks of Lieutenant Davidson, Veteran Reserve Corps, inspector of the camp, that a full report of the escape of prisoners on the 14th instant is being made and will be forwarded in to-day's mail; also a requisition for shirts and blankets for issue to prisoners.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

A. A. STEVENS,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FORT LAFAYETTE,New York Harbor, November 20, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, U. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Lafayette:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending November 20, 1864:

Conduct, very good; cleanliness, very good; clothing, good; bedding, iron bedsteads, husk mattresses, blankets, sheets, and pillows; state of quarters, very good; state of mess-houses, excellent; state of kitchen, excellent; food, quality of, good; food, quantity of, circular of June 1, 1864, complied with; water, excellent (Croton); sinks, cleanly; police of grounds, excellent; drainage, good; police of hospital, no hospital at post, prisoners very sick are sent to Fort Hamilton; attendance of sick, Doctor Gibson attends to sick every morning; hospital diet, none at post; general health of prisoners, very good; vigilance of guard, guards vigilant; prisoners verified three times during the night.

Remarks and suggestions. -There are 130 prisoners confined in Fort Lafayette, consisting of prisoners of war, state prisoners, and blockade runners. Their treatment as regards quarters and exercise is excellent. Everything allowed by existing orders is furnished them, and a good degree of satisfaction is expressed by them for the uniform excellence of their treatment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. WILKINS CARTER,

First Lieutenant, Seventeenth U. S. Infantry., Post Adjt. and Insp. Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Treatment, &amp;c., in accordance with instructions received, is strictly adhered to.
HEADQUARTERS WEST'S BUILDINGS HOSPITAL,Baltimore, Md., November 20, 1864.

Surg. A. CHAPEL, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Hospital:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending November 19, 1864:

Conduct, good; cleanliness, good; clothing, scanty, so far as personal clothing is concerned; bedding, good; state of quarters, good; state of

