
mess-house, good; state of kitchen, good; food, quality of, excellent; food, quantity of, sufficient; water, good; sinks, good; police of grounds, good; drainage, good; police of hospital, good; attendance of sick, could not be better; hospital diet, good; general health of prisoners, good as could be expected from nature of wounds and disease; vigilance of guard, good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HORATIO ROBERTS,

Second Lieutenant, Veteran Reserve Corps, and Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

The present clothing of the men is in very bad condition, being in many cases nearly worn out, and many others have none at all, so that when they are all able to walk about the wards we have to supply them from the sanitary stores of the hospital. I would respectfully ask how I am to obtain clothing for them from the Government, and whether overcoats and blankets are allowed? Of course, these articles will not be needed while in hospital, but in case of transfer there should, in my opinion, be a sufficient supply on hand to make them comfortable to whatever point they may be sent, as the weather will soon be too inclement to send them without. Shall I receive donations of clothing from persons in the city for the benefit of the hospital, such as can be made useful for prisoners of war? Any information upon these points will be thankfully received.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

A. CHAPEL,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Hospital.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., November 20, 1864.

General JOHN H. WINDER, Camp Lawton, Ga.:

Concert with General W. J. Hardee and make such arrangements for the removal of prisoners as he may approve and direct.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CAMP LAWTON, November 20, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

In obedience to your orders and General Hardee's, the prisoners will be removed to Savannah and thence to Waresborough. Ware County, Ga., on Gulf Railroad.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, November 21, 1864.

Brigadier General H. E. PAINE, U. S. Volunteers;

GENERAL: Orders have been sent to Major-General Granger to receive from the commanding officer at Mobile 1,000 bales of cotton and to consign them to Brigadier General William N. R. Beall, at New York,

