
OFFICE SUPT. AND INSPECTOR OF MILITARY PRISONS,

Saint Louis, Mo., November 21, 1864.

Colonel JOSEPH DARR, JR., Acting Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending November 21, 1864:

Conduct, satisfactory; cleanliness, not satisfactory; clothing, old and filthy; bedding, tolerable; state of quarters, overcrowded, can not possibly be kept clean enough with the present number of prisoners; state of mess-houses, satisfactory; state of kitchen, same; food, quality of, according to regulations; food, quantity of, sufficient; water, plenty; sinks, not large enough for that number of prisoners; police of grounds, satisfactory; drainage, in repairs; police of hospital, good; attendance of sick, very good; hospital diet, under control of the medical department; general health of prisoners, improving; vigilance of guard, satisfactory.

Respectfully referring to my special report on the condition of Gratiot Street Prison, of November 19, which contains all I have to say on that subject for the week ending to-day.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GUST. HEINRICHS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Superintendent and Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

I have addressed the Commissary-General of Prisoners on the subject of selecting and preparing a new building for military prison in this city and respectfully refer to my former communications.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Acting Provost-Marshal-General, Department of the Missouri.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, NO. 84. Richmond, November 21, 1864.

I. Brigadier General John H. Winder is hereby constituted Commissary-General of Prisoners. All officers and men on duty at the several military prisons are placed under his command. He is charged with the custody and care of all prisoners of war and with the discipline and general administration of such prisons east of the Mississippi River. His instructions will issue alone from this office.

II. Commandants of posts in the vicinity of these military prisons are made subordinate to Brigadier-General Winder in all matters necessary for the security of the prisoners. Department, army, and other commanders are required not to interfere with the prisoners, the prison guard, or the administration of the prisons.

III. Local and other troops doing duty at the posts herein indicated will be considered prison guards. If their immediate commander be superior in rank to the commandant of the post at which they are stationed he will, notwithstanding, detail the prison guard from his commandant at the request of the post or prison commander, and the detail, when turned over to the last-named officer, will be under his sole charge and direction.

* * * * *

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

