
[Fifth indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 6, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Major General C. C. Washburn, commanding District of West Tennessee, Memphis, Tenn., with reference to indorsement of the Secretary of War.

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier General, U. S. Vols., Inspector and Com. General, of Prisoners.

G. BLAGDEN,

Major, Second Massachusetts Cavalry, Assistant to

Commissary-General of Prisoners (in General Wessell's absence).

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

Agreement entered into at Athens, Ala., on the 24th day of September, 1864, by Major General N. B. Forrest, of the C. S. Army, and Colonel Wallance Campbell, One hundred and tenth Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry.

We, on the part of our respective Governments, stipulate and agree that the following articles shall be faithfully executed and maintained:

First. On the part of the United States Government, by Colonel Wallance Campbell, that the United States and public Government property at this point be, and hereby are, surrendered to Major General N. B. Forrest, of the C. S. Army.

Second. On the part of all Confederate States Government, by Major General N. B. Forrest, that all commissioned officers surrendered or surrendering as above be, and hereby are, permitted to go to Meridian, or some other point in Mississippi; and the said officers shall, so soon as Major-General Forrest can communicate with Major-General Washburn, U. S. Volunteers, be sent to Major-General Washburn or the commanding officer at Memphis, Tenn., to be retained on their parole of honor not to act in opposition to the forces of the Confederate States until they are duty exchanged by Generals Washburn and Forrest, which exchange shall occur as speedily as possible. This exchange is to be conducted by an exchange of officers of some rank and man for man.

Again, said commissioned officers shall, and hereby are permitted to, retain and keep possession of all their personal property, including horses, saddles, side-arms, and clothing-all this permanently.

Again, the enlisted men (soldiers) of Colonel Wallance Campbell's command shall be kindly and humanely treated, and turned over to the Confederate States Government as prisoners of war, to be disposed of as the War Department of the Confederate States shall direct.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

WALLANCE CAMPBELL,

Colonel 110th U. S. Colored Infantry.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Agreement entered into at Sulphur Springs, Ala., on the 25th of September, by Major General N. B. Forrest, of the C. S. Army, and Lieutenant Colonel J. B. Minnis, U. S. Army.

We, on the part of our respective Governments, stipulate to and agree that the following articles shall be faithfully executed and maintained:

First. On the part of the United States Government, by - -, that the fort and U. S. forces at this point be, and hereby are, surrendered to Major General N. B. Forrest, of the C. S. Army.

73 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII

