
Second. On the part of the Confederate States Government, by Major-General Forrest, that all commissioned officers surrendered or surrendering as above be, and hereby are, permitted to go to Meridian, or some other point in Mississippi, and the said officers shall, so soon as Major-General Forrest can communicate with Major-General Washburn, U. S. Volunteers, be sent to Major-General Washburn, or other commanding officer at Memphis, Tenn., to be retained, on their parole of honor not to in any manner act in opposition to the forces of the Confederate States until they are duly exchanged by General Washburn. This exchange is to be conducted by an exchange of officer for officer of same rank and man for man.

Again, said commissioned officers shall be hereby are permitted to retain and keep all their personal property, including saddles, side-arms, and clothing-all this permanently.

Again, the enlisted men (solider) shall be kindly and humanely treated, and turned over to the Confederate States Government as prisoners of war, to be disposed of as the War Department of the Confederate States shall decide.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,In the Field, September 26, 1864.

Captain WALKER, Commanding Garrison, Rockland Station:

I have the garrison commanded by you invested with a force amply sufficient to storm and capture it. In order to prevent the effusion of blood I demand an immediate surrender. All the forts and block-houses from this place to Decatur have surrendered, and I can grant you the same terms upon which they surrendered.

If you force me to storm your works and take them I cannot be responsible for the result.

You can have an interview with me personally, should be you desire it, and examine the terms upon which the other forts and block-houses surrendered.

Respectfully,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General, C. S. Army.

[Indorsement.]

ENTERPRISE, October 15, 1864.

I certify on honor that I am the officer to whom the note was addressed, and was commanding, as within set forth. I further certify that I at once surrendered to Major-General Forrest upon the receipt of the within documents and upon the conditions granted to Colonel Campbell and the officers under him.

A copy of said conditions was never furnished me, as head been stipulated by General Forrest.

H. J. WALKER,

Captain, 111th Regiment, U. S. Army, late Commanding Block-House Numbers 17.

U. S. MILITARY PRISON,

Camp Morton, Indianapolis, November 22, 1864.

Captain W. T. HARTZ,

Asst. Adjt. General, Deputy Com. General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully beg leave to call the attention of the Commissary-General of Prisoners to letter from this office of the 6th instant, in relation to the construction of four additional hospital wards for the accommodation of the sick at this camp.

