
In pursuance to instructions received from Brevet Brigadier-General Hoffman two mew wards have been erected, also an administrative building and kitchen, but as they are located upon grounds in the new portion of the camp, and some distance from the of old hospital, these cannot be used until the additional wards required are put up, when the patients in the old hospital and in tents can be removed and the new hospital opened. I will also state that the old hospital wards can easily be converted into barracks, and that they are much needed to accommodate prisoners now occupying tents, which are old and much worn and very uncomfortable at the present time. As will be seen by reference to my letter of the 6th instant, the erection of this new hospital is in accordance with the recommendations of Surgeon Alexander, medical inspector of prison camps, and upon the grounds and location selected by him when here. In the present situation, the two new wards, administrative building, and kitchen, cannot be used without the addition of the wards mentioned, and I would therefore respectfully request their construction without delay.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. STEVENS,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding.
HDQRS. C. S. MIL. PRISONS, GEORGIA AND ALABAMA,Camp Lawton, November 22, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that all the prisoners have been sent from this post to Savannah on their way to Waresborough, Ware County, Ga., or some point on the Gulf Railroad in that vicinity, except a few shoemakers and butches, who will leave in the course of a few hours. The place selected by Lieutenant-General Hardee, whom I am instructed to obey by the Secretary of War.

I send them with reluctance; as you will see by reference to the map that Trader's Hill, the head of navigation ont the Saint Mary's River, is about twenty-five miles from the new post, Brunswick about fifty miles, and the railroad crosses the Altamaha about forty miles, at which point it is a bold, navigable stream.

If the enemy should occupy this part of the country, retreat by Savannah would be extremely difficult, and should they come up the Altamaha to the crossing, impossible. It would also render retreat in the other direction impossible, as we would be cut off from transportation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

November 30, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

DECEMBER 3, 1864.

Direction have been given for their removal to a place of greater security.

J. A. S.

Secretary of War.

