
WYTHEVILLE, November 22, 1864.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector-General, Richmond:

COLONEL: I am surprised to see that Captain Wirz, commanding prison at Andersonville, Ga., in his report of 27th of September, makes me responsible for the following: "Major Hall remarked that it, the prison at Andersonville, was about on a part with the Federal prison at Johnson's Island". I did not express any such opinion, nor did I ever use any language, which the utmost ingenuity could prevent into such a misrepresentation of my conviction.

The report of inspection of the post and prison at Andersonville, forwarded by Colonel Chandler, assistant adjutant and inspector general, 5th of August ultimo, was made by him from notes taken by both of us the spot. He consulted with me while preparing it, and as you will perceive, the fair copy is in my handwriting. I fully concur in it. Colonel Chandler's communication to you of this date is also entirely in accordance with my observation of the facts and the statements in which reference is made to me and with my full knowledge and consent. My recollection of General Winder's language, quoted by Colonel Chandler and Captain Wirz, relative to the issue of peas, rice, fuel, &amp;c., is clear and distinct. No vestige remained of the 1,000 posts to which Captain Wriz refers and no allusion to them was made. The only hut or other building in the stockade was a small frame house used exclusively as a sutler's shop. On each of my visits of inspection to the interior of the stockade I noticed a large number of men digging in the marsh for roots and learning their purpose called Colonel Chandler's s attention to the fact. All my request, Captain Wriz went with me to the stockade on one occasion specially to attend 'sick-call", as I desired to obtain accurate information in regard to the manner of conducting it.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. CARVEL HALL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 23, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

GENERAL: In answer to your reference of the letter from Colonel Dwight to yourself, dated New Orleans, 28th ultimo, in relation to the exchange of prisoners, I have to say that the arrangement agreed upon prior to the reception of the order suspending further exchanges will not be interfered with by that order, but will be carried into effect.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL OF PRISONERS,Rock Island Barracks, Ill., November 23, 1864.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending November 23, 1864:

Conduct, very good; cleanliness, good; clothing, now being issued; bedding, none; state of quarters, good; state of mess-houses, no mess-houses; state of kitchen, good; food, quality of, good; food, quantity of,

