
as per circular from Commissary-General of Prisoners; water, good; sinks, not very good, improvements nearly completed; police of grounds, very good; drainage, good; police of hospital, very good; attendance of sick, very good; hospital diet, very good; general health of prisoners, good; vigilance of guard, good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CARAHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps

and Provost-Marshal of Prisoners, Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

The within report in corroborated by a personal inspection. The weather since last report up to this day (25th) has been remarkably cold for this time of year, and work on the water-works consequently stopped until yesterday, when the weather moderated and is now pleasant, and if it continues so for a week or two, everything will be finished shipshape, but if it only lasts a day or two it will be impossible to complete this job and the condition of the sinks and water be deplorable. A batch of 587 prisoners arrived yesterday from Saint Louis. They were generally well clothed, but very filthy and a great many sick among them. They are now all distributed and settled.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

A. J. JOHNSON,

Colonel Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 23, 1864.

Surgeon GETTY,

Medical Inspector of Prisoners of War, Elkton, Md.:

SIR: You will proceed without delay to Elmira, N. Y., and make a minute inspection of the prison at that place, particularly in reference to its sanitary condition, being mainly governed in this duty by your instructions of 6th of September last. Unfavorable reports are continually received at this office, and it is desirable to correct existing evils. With this view make to the commanding officer such suggestions for immediate action as you may deem advisable, and if possible ascertain his ability to carry them out. Having preformed this duty you will return to this city and report the result of your inspection.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier General, U. S. Vols., Inspector and Com. General of Prisoners.

RICHMOND, VA., November 23, 1864.

Major MASON MORFIT, Quartermaster, Salisbury, N. C.:

MAJOR: Your letter of the 16th instant has been referred to me to answer. I call your attention to Special Orders, Numbers 93, headquarters post, Richmond, herewith inclosed*.

It is not the practicable here to permit any but officers and patients in hospitals to receive the monthly allowance, but there can be no objection to so doing if the number of prisoners is not too large and the officer has the time to make the payments. Northern currency must be converted into Confederate money and held for the Confederate States

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

