
Government. Coin may be disposed of in the market. Prisoners cannot give orders in favor of second parties, as in the case of a fellow-prisoner it would enable a man to withdraw and get into his possession too large an amount; of course as intercourse between prisoners and outside is not allowable it is hardly necessary to say that such orders could not be respected. Nor can the officers and employees at prisons have any dealings with them. Prisoners when exchanged and sent away can leave transfers for the benefit of their fellow-prisoners.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. MORFIT,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., November 24, 1864.

General J. H. WINDER, Camp Lawton, Ga.:

Confer with General W. J. Hardee, now on his way to or possibly at Augusta, with regard to safety of prisoners.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, OFFICE COM. GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Numbers 2. Washington, D. C., November 25, 1864.

By authority of the Secretary of War those prisoners of war who refused to be paroled at the surrender of Vicksburg, Miss., July 4, 1863, and who were sent North and are now held as prisoners within the Federal lines, will-those that may so desire-be released on taking the oath as prescribed in the President's proclamation of December 8, 1863. For this purpose commanding officers of the several stations at which said prisoners are confined will immediately forwarded to this office for approval lists of prisoners of the class mentioned who desire to avail themselves of the benefits of said oath. No prisoner of war will be released under this order until the lists have been properly approved and returned, unless otherwise specially ordered.

By order of Brigadier General H. W. Wessells, Inspector and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, November 25, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commissioner for Exchange, Fort Monroe:

SIR: This Department has to-day been furnished with the official declaration of the exchange of naval prisoners at Cox's Landing, on the James River, on the 16th ultimo.

I find that the exchange embraces only those who were delivered up at the point named. There are some other whose names were submitted for exchange, and who are now within our lines on parole, that ought to have been included. I now furnish you with a statement of their case and hope that you may be able to effect their exchange as early as practicable. Lieutenant Commander E. P. Williams was permitted

