
to come North for the purpose of effecting an exchange. He was the bearer of a communication from Mr. Mallory regarding naval exchanges. His parole expired, but the Department considered it unnecessary for him to return to imprisonment, in accordance with its conditions, thinking, of course, he could be included in the general exchange. Acting Ensign F. W. Sanborn came North under a similar parole to effect an exchange for Acting Master Bonneau. Acting Master Bonneau was sent down in the Cricassian, but this Department finds that Acting Ensign Sanborn is not included in the declaration of exchange. He was captured in the Columbine. Acting Master Michael Hickey, Acting Master's Mate E. N. Wild, Acting Assistant Paymaster C. S. Simms, of the U. S. Queen City, captured June 24, 1864, on Arkansas River, were paroled at the time. Acting Ensign A. H. Brady, of the Granite City, captured May 6, 1864, was severely wounded and on that account has been permitted to return home on parole.

There are some thirty seamen of the captured steamers Queen City, Signal, and Covington on parole.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary of the Navy.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 25, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER, U. S. Army:

SIR: The Secretary of War desires that a special effort be made for the exchange of Colonel Stephen M. Weld, Jr., of the Fifty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers, and directs me to send his name to you accordingly. He was captured July 30, 1864, in front of Petersburg.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

NOVEMBER 25, 1864.

Miss Dix's respects to General E. A. Hitchcock. Has visited the prisons and hospitals at Elmira, in both which the rebels are receiving all necessary care, and provision fully adequate to all necessities; health, good; sick-call, moderate; serious illness, but few cases; mortality, low; prisoners, about 8,000; probably 7,400 fully able for field service.

RICHMOND, VA., November 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN E. MULFORD, Assistant Agent of Exchange:

SIR: Since the recent agreement allowing supplies to be sent by the respective Governments, it seems to me that it would be proper that any restrictions heretofore existing on either side relating to contributions to prisoners should be removed. If I am correctly informed, persons at the North, unless they were near relatives of sick prisoners, have not been allowed since the 10th of August last to send supplies to Confederate officers and men in your custody. I also understand that the prisoners have not been permitted to make purchases, except of the most limited character, and then only from sutlers. Some doubt also has been entertained by our people whether money sent to our prisoners as the North is delivered to them.

