
Two hundred and ninety-seven Union citizens have been received at City Point since the 6th of May, 1863, who are now on parole, and I respectfully suggest that they also be declared exchanged.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

JARVIS U. S. ARMY GENERAL HOSPITAL,

Baltimore, Md., May 5, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: Surg. J. Simpson, U. S. Army, medical director of this department, has just informed me of your desire to obtain the statements of prisoners of war concerning their treatment, &amp;c. I inclose herewith the only statement I have in my possession. It appears to me reliable, and was carefully prepared at my request for professional use. The young man in absent on furlough, therefore I am unable to procure even his signature to it, but it may be of service, as it is in his own handwriting.

Some ten days since I compiled a paper from the verbal reports of these prisoners, their condition when received, their diseases and prospects as to future health, and some other collateral information, which I then forwarded to one of our leading medical journals, which devotes itself mostly to army medical news and scientific articles. My remarks are general and intended mostly for the profession. I sent with my paper a copy (revised) of this statement, for the reason the steward was connected with the medical department of the Army. I fear and regret it is too late to recall the article for your use, but if you desire I will send the journal in which it appears when I receive the same.

There are many facts connected with these men which are highly interesting to our surgeons, therefore I noted them down.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DE WITT C. PETERS,

Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 11, 1864.

Respectfully submitted for the information of the Secretary of War as further evidence of the inhuman treatment received by Federal troops when in the hands of rebels.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 11, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the commissioner for the exchange of prisoners for remark.

By order of the Secretary of War:

LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

