
pitals at Annapolis nearly full. Can accommodate in Baltimore and Annapolis Junction 800, and have been ordered that number to be sent up. Can transfer only about 250 from Baltimore to Philadelphia; remainder are men from the Valley, too badly wounded to bear transfer. If 6,000 sick arrive there will be a deficit of 3,500 vacant beds in the department. What shall be done?

C. R. GREENLEAF,

Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army.

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE, November 26, 1864.

Asst. Surg. C. R. GREENLEAF, U. S. Army,

Assistant Medical Director, Baltimore, Md.:

Instructions have been sent by mail to send surplus sick and wounded exchanged prisoners who are able to travel to Philadelphia.

JOS. K. BARNES,

Surgeon-General.

[NOVEMBER 26, 1864. - For Sweet to Wessells and Fry, in relation to raids projected from Canada for the purpose of releasing prisoners of war, &amp;c. (with accompanying papers), see Series I, Vol. XLV, Part I, p. 1076 et seq.]
HEADQUARTERS CAMP CHASE,Near Columbus, Ohio, November 26, 1864.

Colonel W. P. RICHARDSON, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending November 26, 1864:

Conduct, good; cleanliness, perfect; clothing, much improved since their arrival at this post; bedding, good; state of quarters, clean; state of mess-houses, clean and well arranged; state of kitchen, clean; food, quality of, first-class ration; food, quantity of, full ration as allowed by Commissary-General of Prisoners; water, good; sinks in good order; police of grounds, perfect; drainage, good; police of hospital, perfect; attendance of sick, sufficient; hospital diet, healthy; general health of prisoners, improving at present; vigilance of guard, good.

Remarks and suggestions. - I would earnestly recommend that gravel be hauled in Prison 1, 2, and 3, and be distributed by Lieutenant Sankey's order. There are several places in the prisons which require gravel very much indeed. Some five or six stoves, used in Prison 1, a very imperfect. I would recommend that new stoves be purchased for their use. Everything has been done to render prisoners at this post comfortable consistent with orders from Commissary-General of Prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. S. PARKER,

Captain and Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

The health of prisoners has improved since last report; smallpox abating. On the night of the 24th instant the bodies of six deceased

