
prisoners were stolen from the grave-yard attached to camp where prisoners only are buried. I arrested the perpetrators of this outrage and referred the matter to General Hooker and was by him directed to turn the prisoners and papers over to the prosecuting attorney of this county, which I have done.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

ANNAPOLIS, November 26, 1864.

Captain W. T. HARTZ:

I have received the order to furlough the parole prisoners now arriving. I have also received an order from the War Department to have them all paid two months' pay. I have receive 1,800 men in three steamers without rolls. I can accommodate at Camp Parole and at the hospitals 7,000 well men and about 1,200 sick men. The men who arrived to-day are in good condition in all respects. Yesterday many who arrived were in poor condition.

A. R. ROOT,

Colonel.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., November 26, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN S. SAUNDERS, Columbia, S. C.:

(Care of Post Commander.)

COLONEL: After inspection of the foreign regiment organized under Lieutenant-Colonel Tucker's auspices, extend your inspections to the Yankee prisons in Georgia and South Carolina. Forwarded with your reports returns of guards, all staff officers connected with the posts and prisons, the number of prisoners in each, their condition, and that of the prisons and all department connected with them; the character of the records kept, whether giving full description of each prisoner from capture of exchange or death. See if supplies furnished by the Yankee Government are properly distributed, the system prevailing in receiving those supplies, and their distribution, the checks upon their diversion from parties for whom intended, and all matters relating to them with require correction. The shocking condition of these poor wretches, at Andersonville and other points, as heretofore reported, is calculated to bring reproach upon our Government, and while humanity suggests the extension to them of that treatment due from a Christian people, even to Yankee, policy and a regard for our own poor fellows in the hands of the Yankees would suggest such prison treatment to those in our power as we would have them to show to ours. They have already taken advantage of the reports respecting our prison system, supposing we have had any, to inflict sad cruelties upon those captured from us.

Look particularly into the course adopted with regard to money or other property found upon the prisoners. Strict rules should be adopted in relation to this, and the receipt and distribution of supplies, as they afford wide fields for abuse and embezzlement. Where abuses exist probe them to the bottom, giving facts in such from as will fully establish your statements, as it is important to obviate further inspection by after inspections, upon recriminations which may arise from

