
being raised from the ground will give sufficient ventilation from below to dry the floor during the night. In regard to the sinks, I would respectfully suggest that three large stationary sinks be built, as it is impossible to use the portable sinks in freezing weather.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[J. W. DAVIDSON,]

First Lieutenant and Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

CAMP MORTON, IND., December 2, 1864.

Captain W. T. HARTZ,

Asst. Adjt. General, Deputy Com. General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that owing to the absence of Lieutenant Davidson on special duty this report was mislaid, which will account for its delay. I would respectfully state that an invoice of shirts has just been received from Cincinnati, Ohio, which will de duty issued as occasion requires.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. STEVENS,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding.

U. S. MILITARY PRISON,

Camp Morton, Indianapolis, November 27, 1864.

Captain W. T. HATZ,

Asst. Adjut. General, Deputy Com. General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a communication from the office of the Commissary-General of Prisoners, dated November 21, 1864, relative to the erection of hospital buildings at this camp; and also to report without delay the cost of constructing the wards in the manner recommended by Surgeon Kipp.

In reply I would respectfully state that the cost of the two wards constructed and reported in letter of the 20th of October was $915. 46, and with the addition of plastering the side walls of the building would increase the cost of the wards about $50 each, as recommended by Surgeon Kipp. From the knowledge I have of this climate, and particularly during the winter months, I can fully indorse the suggestions of Surgeon Kipp as a matter of economy in the saving of fuel alone, besides the great importance as a sanitary measure as regards the health and recovery of the patients. I would also remark that in accordance with the instructions of your letter of the 21st instant the material for the construction of the four new wards is being collected together as rapidly as possible, and every effort will be made to push the work forward to an early completion, the old wards being much needed for the accommodation of prisoners now in crowded barracks.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. STEVENS,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL OF PRISONERS,

Rock Island Barracks, Ill., November 28, 1864.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending November 28, 1864:

Conduct, very good; cleanliness, good; clothing, now being issued;

