
bedding, none; state of quarters, very good; state of mess-houses, no mess-houses; state of kitchen, good; food, quality of, good; food, quantity of, as per circular from Commissary-General of Prisoners; water, good; sinks, improvements being made, nearly completed; police of grounds, very good; drainage, good; police of hospital, very good; attendance of sick, very good; hospital diet, very good; general health of prisoners, good; vigilance of guard, good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CARAHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps

and Provost-Marshal of Prisoners, Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

The within report on the condition of the prison and hospital is after a personal inspection, found correct. The weather has moderated, and the best hopes are entertained for the completion of the improvements now under way before winter fairly sets in. If more guard was at the disposal of the quartermaster's department the work could be guaranteed. As it is, the few troops on duty here are worked hard, and we have few to spare to guard prisoners, at work on these improvements.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

A. J. JOHNSON,

Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS PRISON CAMP,Elmira, N. Y., November 28, 1864.

Colonel B. F. TRACY, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending November 24, 1864:

Conduct, fair: cleanliness, good; clothing, insufficient; bedding, want some blankets, no bedsacks are supplied; state of quarters, police good, putting up wooden buildings in place of tents; state of mess-houses, good; state of kitchen, good; food, quality of, legal allowance; food, quantity of, beef very lean; water, good and plenty; sinks, good; police of grounds, good for the season, some mud; drainage, good; police of hospital, fair; attendance of sick, good, with the exception of guard-house, no regular provision for sick there; hospital diet, good and full supply of vegetables; general health of prisoners, large number sick; vigilance of guard, good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. JORDAN,

Captain, Twenty-ninth Maine Vols., Actin Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

There are three new barracks occupied; four more begun. Mess-hall, kitchen, and laundry completed. Coal stoves substituted for small wood stoves in hospital. Six old barracks are set apart for convalescent wards and the surgeon ordered to fit them up and use them as such. Dispensary and officers ordered to be constructed and contract for lumber given out. A new requisition for clothing is being prepared. Health of camp steadily improving, although pneumonia is prevailing and is alarmingly fatal.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

B. F. TRACY,

Colonel 127th U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Depot.

