
U. S. DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,

Johnson's Island, Ohio, November 28, 1864.

Colonel CHARLES W. HILL,

Commanding U. S. Forces at Johnson's Island and Sandusky, Ohio:

COLONEL: As president of the Masonic Prison Association I desire to make an appeal to you in behalf of the sick confined here. I am sure your nature must be too generous to refuse to do anything in the real interest of humanity that may be in your power, and that you will indulge me a moment. It is cheerless, indeed, to be sick away from home under the depressing influences of the prison, and recovery is often retarded-sometimes prevented-by mental anxieties. Under present orders, however much we ourselves may be inclined to aid our fellow-prisoners, we cannot go beyond the simple offices of the nurse, and mere sympathy, which, though valuable, can never restore the deranged stomach or stay wasting disease. We do not wish to invade the department of medicine, but if allowed we can supply the sick with many things that will cost the Government nothing and will be of vast service in restoring their health and in relieving their sufferings. Diarrhea is a common and often fatal disease in this prison, and apples and other fruits, jellies, cordials, and what are termed generally hospital delicacies (real necessaries), are much needed for this class of sick. I know that there is real distress caused by the craving of the appetite for changes of diet and for these simple things which cannot be had. If permitted to do so, many of these wants can be supplied through our association, and we will not confine ourselves to the sick of our own fraternity, for (under the circumstances, I may be pardoned for saying) the diffusive charity inculcated by our order extends to all mankind and should embrace even an enemy in distress and relive him with a hearty good will. Sick prisoners who have relatives within the Federal lines can obtain these things upon application to them, approved by the surgeon, but there are very many who have no such relatives and can get nothing of the kind. If the orders shall be so relaxed (which we respectfully ask) as to permit us to procure the class of articles alluded to, I give you the most solemn that they shall be appropriated solely for the benefit of the sick, and I will myself, if required, become responsible as a hostage under such penalties as you may prescribe for their faithful disposal. If you have discretion in the premises I feel quite confined you will go as far as you may deem just in behalf of the sick, and if, as I apprehend may be the case, the subject is not within your discretion, I most earnestly ask that you give us the aid of your kind officers to accomplish the end desired by referring the subject to the Commissary-General of Prisoners or to the Secretary of War, or in such other way as in your judgment may seem best. Pardon me, colonel, for thus trespassing upon your time, which, I trust, will be justified by the subject-matter.

Respectfully,

JOSEPH J. DAVIS,

Captain, &amp;c., President of Masonic Prison Association,

Block 1, Ward 1, Room 16.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, JOHNSON'S ISLAND AND SANDUSKY,Johnson's Island, Ohio, December 3, 1864.

Approved and respectfully forwarded to Brigadier General H. W. Wessells, U. S. Volunteers, Inspector and Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

