
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., November 30, 1864.

Respectfully inclosed to Lieutenant Colonel Gustav Heinrichs, superintendent and inspector military prisons, with request that this inclosure may be returned after perusal.

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Acting Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORT COLUMBUS,New York Harbor, November 29, 1864.

Colonel J. V. BOMFORD, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending November 28, 1864:

Conduct, orderly and quiet; cleanliness, good; clothing, rather deficient of necessary clothing; bedding, scant, some having no blankets or bedding whatever; state of quarters, clean and comfortable; state of mess-houses, have none; state of kitchen, clean and kept in good order; food, quality of, good; food, quantity of, according to order; water, good; sinks, use tubs in caseate, kept in good order; police of grounds, good; drainage, none required; police of hospital, have none, patients treated in post hospital; attendance of sick, good; hospital diet, as required, same as other patients in post hospital; general health of prisoners, good; vigilance of guard, excellent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. CROSMAN,

Captain, Tenth U. S. Infantry, Inspecting Officer.

RICHMOND, VA., November 29, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN E. MULFORD, Assistant Agent of Exchange:

SIR: Reliable information having been communicated to the Confederate authorities that George Dusky, a soldier of the Confederate Army, and Lieutenant Gandy, an officer of our service, are in solitary confinement in cells at Wheeling, orders have been given to place in similar condition Lieutenant W. D. Hoff, Fifteenth [West] Virginia, and Captain D. R. Boice, Third New Jersey Cavalry.

It appears that the first-named parties have been turned over to certain officers in Western Virginia. Why Confederate soldiers are so treated I do not know. As soon as satisfactory information is furnished that they are released from their close confinement and put upon the footing of prisoners of war a similar course will be pursued toward the two Federal officers herein named.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE U. S. ASSISTANT AGENT FOR EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., January 6, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to Major General E. A. Hitchcock, commissioner for exchange, Washington.

JNO E. MULFORD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and U. S. Assistant Agent of Exchange.

