HEADQUARTERS DEPOT FOR PRISONERS OF WAR,Elmira, N. Y., November 30, 1864.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: In pursuance of instructions form the Commissary-General of Prisoners, dated November 22, 1864, I have the honor to report that six hospital wards were erected at the prison camp previous to September 8, 1864, when, more being deemed necessary, authority was granted to erect as many hospital wards as were deemed indispensably necessary, to be erected upon the cheapest plan and to be neither plastered nor ceiled. (See communication dated September 8.) Under this authority two wards have been constructed and are now in use. One more is needed and will be constructed as soon as possible, making in all nine wards, besides six old barracks which have, under my orders, been converted into convalescent wards. This makes, in all, accommodations for over 700 sick men. None of the wards have been ceiled. On the 24th of October, on the weekly inspection report, I said that "the hospital wards will be very could this winter and should be ceiled, as it is too and they are too full of patients to be plastered". To this I received a reply, dated October 27, 1864, saying that the hospital wards could not be ceiled. A new hospital ward which was being constructed had been converted into a mess-hall and a small wing added for a kitchen, which is all completed and the furniture being put in. The laundry is completed also. The dead house and the dispensary, &amp;c., are not yet commenced. Both are ordered, and the timber for the dispensary is contracted for and will be delivered soon. No mess-hall for the camp is needed. The present one is ample to accommodate a camp of 10,000 men. Its construction is somewhat defective, but not so much as to warrant the construction of a new one. This report is the first intimation I ever had that any one though it necessary to dispense with the present mess-hall. Lieutenant Colonel Eastman thought it necessary to erect an additional mess-hall, which was refused. (See letter of Colonel Hoffman, dated September 8, 1864.) I agree with Colonel Hoffman that the present one is sufficient. The use of larger stoves in hospital was ordered previous to Doctor Sloan's visit, and the order was then being filed. I believe they are all furnished, and are being put up. There has been nothing done about the erection of a quartermasters' and commissary building for the prison camp. I have raised the question myself whether it would not be better to have such a building, with officers detailed for that duty. It increases largely the expense of the post, and whether it would expedite business I have my doubts. I desire more time to consider this question before recommending it, and as we could not obtain the timber to construct the building until after the contract for the barracks is filled, there will be no unnecessary delay. Desiccated mixed vegetables have been issued to the entire camp two days in five since August. In October 206 bushels of potatoes and 160 bushels of onions were issued, and since October fresh vegetables-15 pounds of potatoes and 8 pounds of onions per 100 men-have been issued to the entirely camp every three days in five. I have been repeatedly informed and always understood that the scurvy patients in hospital have vegetables and antiscorbutic daily. There was expended from the hospital fund during the month of October over $2,000, and I have never received and intimation that it was not ample for this purpose. I cannot delay this communication to say all I desire upon this subject, and shall therefore make this and some others

