
the subject of a future letter, when I will give dates and facts to support what I may say.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. TRACY,

Colonel 127th U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Depot.

CITY POINT, December 1, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

I think if had better be announced in orders that all contributions of clothing and previous for our prisoners in Southern hands will be received by Lieutenant-Colonel Mulford, assistant agent of exchange, and also where they will be received. Some regulation should be made as to what articles will be received. If the Secretary of War will notify me who from among our prisoners he would like paroled to receive contributions and distribute them, I will ask his parole. Two names had better be submitted.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Wessells, to report names of several officers deemed competent for the duty proposed; also, list of articles which should be sent.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 1, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: By authority of the Secretary of War and in the absence of General Wessells, Inspector and Commissary-General of Prisoners, I have the honor to inform you that Corpl. R. H. Curry, Company F, and Private W. J. Neeley, Company H, Twelfth South Carolina Regiment, prisoners of war confined at Fort Delaware, have been selected as hostages for Corpl. James Pike, Company A, Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, and Private Charles R. Gray, Company D, Fifth Iowa Cavalry, two scouts sent into the country occupied by the rebel army in May last by William D. Whipple, brigadier-general and assistant adjutant-general, headquarters Army of the Cumberland.

It is respectfully requested that the rebel authorities may be informed that said hostages have been selected, and that they will be subjected to the same treatment as they inflict upon the two soldiers named.

Inclosed please find copy of the order from this office authorizing the selection of the hostages, and of communication from General Shoepf, commanding Fort Delaware, reporting the execution of the order*.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Both papers omitted.

---------------

