
Articles of agreement respecting the exchange of non-combatants and citizens of East Tennessee, made by Brigadier General S. P. Carter, on the part of the United States, and Brigadier General J. C. Vaughn, on the part of the Confederate States:

Agreement for the exchange of no-combatants from East Tennessee, entered into this 1st day of December, 1864, at New Market, Tenn., between Brigadier General S. P. Carter, on the part of the United States authorities, and Brigadier General J. C. Vaughn, on the part of the Confederate authorities:

I. It is agreed that all Union citizens from East Tennessee who are held by the Confederate authorities shall be, with as little delay as possible, brought to the lines of the U. S. forces in East Tennessee and delivered to the U. S. authorities.

II. All citizens who have been arrested by the U. S. authorities as hostages for Union men held by the Confederate authorities shall be delivered at the Confederate lines in East Tennessee and released with as little delay as possible.

III. Brigadier-General Carter binds himself to use his best efforts to secure the release of William H. Turley, as well as other parties against whom no charges are pending in the civil courts.

IV. Brigadier-General Vaughn binds himself to endeavor to procure the release of Captain Shad. Harris, U. S. Army, and to deliver him at the Union lines in East Tennessee, and General Carter binds himself to deliver Captain Battle, C. S. Army, at the Confederate lines in East Tennessee, or if Captain Rogers, lat of General Morgan's staff, is a prisoners in the hands of the U. S. authorities he will endeavor to secure his release and exchange for Captain Harris.

V. All citizens who have left their homes shall be permitted to return and remain so long as they conduct themselves peaceably and conform to the requirements of the authorities.

S. P. CARTER,

Brigadier General and Provost-Marshal-General of East Tennessee.

JOHN C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE,FOURTH DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,

Knoxville, Tenn., December 1, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN C. VAUGHN, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: Your communication of November 29 has just been received.

The major-general commanding the department directs me to say that you and General Carter can continue negotiations for the exchange of non-combatants at a designated place during eight or ten days, or longer if necessary. Ladies within your lines whose husbands or relatives are in our army, and who may wish to come into our lines, will be received. Ladies within our lines who may wish to go within yours must apply to the proper authority for permission. These negotiations, &amp;c., not to interfere in any manner with or suspend the military operations of the U. S. forces in East Tennessee.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. AMMEN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

