
CAMP EXCHANGE PRISONERS,

Collins House, near Vicksburg, December 1, 1864.

Brigadier General M. L. SMITH, Commanding U. S. Forces, Vicksburg;

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose list of names of parties who, I am informed, are held as prisoners of war in Vicksburg. If you will exchange or deliver on parole I will return the same number, same grade, &amp;c. I am here with thirty-two men-soldiers, citizens, and employees-and request a conference in relation to their exchange or parole. I learn that Lieutenant J. H. Yerby, of General Dobbin's staff, is kept in close confinement at Helena, Ark., whilst others are permitted the limits of the prison grounds. Should there be charges against him you will confer a favor by reporting them to me, to be referred to my Government for adjustment, if possible, with your Government at Washington City. I desire from time to time to parole certain officers and men of yours, prisoners in our hands, with liberty to go North, conditioned that there be returned to me on parole in a given time their equivalent, to be specified by me, or re-deliver themselves to me in that time. This proposition is, of course, to be reciprocal with you. And in view of the recent action of our respective Government for the amelioration of the condition of prisoners on both sides, and for the furtherance of the cause of humanity, I venture the hope this proposition will be favorably entertained.

I call your attention to my former communication relative to citizen Vancleve, captured by General Slocum and by him ordered released, and respectfully ask why he is still detained. The communication of Charles E. Mudge, referred by you to me, was received too late for answer by this flag. The matter shall receive full investigation and be replied to. This communication will be delivered at the picket-post by Major R. W. Sanders.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. WATTS,

Lieutenant Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS FEDERAL PRISON,Cahaba, Ala., December 1, 1864.

Colonel SURGET, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward inclosed a copy of a stipulation entered into between Major General C. C. Washburn, U. S. Army, and myself at Memphis, Tenn., November 15, 1864. So far as Captain Whytock was concerned, it was perfectly understood between us that General Maury had control over his lines, and the introduction of Captain Whytock would solely depend upon his approval.

I have within the last two months been twice to Memphis with flag of truce, and both times been received into the city and treated with the utmost confidence and courtesy. If not detrimental or hazardous to the public service I would be glad the courtesy were extended in this instance. I would suggest that, in case the application were granted, Captain Whytock might be taken inside until the obstructions, batteries, and other defenses were passed. I will be in Mobile to receive the supplies and would take charge of Captain W. and accompany him to Cahaba. While there he would be a guest at my house and under my constant supervision. I would not allow him to visit the prison or converse with the prisoners. The prisoners requiring clothing would

