
STATE OF INDIANA, CLERK'S OFFICE, SUPREME COURT,

Indianapolis, December 2, 1864.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: An application has been on file for several months in your department on behalf of Lefebre and about 300 other Louisianians captured at Vicksburg who refused who refused to accept the parole and returned to our lines under certain promises that they should be allowed to take the oath. Governor Hahn, of Louisiana, applied at one time for their discharge and subsequently application was made by the men, through me as adjutant-general of Indiana. Nothing has been heard from your office and since your appointment as Commissary-General of Prisoners, I am prompted to call your attention to the case and request an examination of the question and your view on it. If deemed necessary, I can furnish letters from Major-General Logan, of Illinois, and Major-General Hovey, both of whom were at Vicksburg and cognizant of the facts, recommending the granting of the application. Your early attention will receive the thanks of,

Yours, very respectfully,

LAZ. NOBLE.

RICHMOND, VA., December 2, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN E. MULFORD, Assistant Agent of Exchange:

SIR: I have been reliably informed that Lieutenant John H. Yerby, Lieutenant Casteel, Lieutenant Thomas, and Privates Thomas [A.] Quarles, Thomas Stoneham, and John [G.] Smith are confined in the cells of the jail at Helena, Ark., by order of General Buford. All of these are regular soldiers of the Confederate States, and they have done no act which justifies the treatment they are receiving. I will thank you to make inquiries into the matte and inform me why these men are so held, and whether it is the intention of the U. S. authorities to treat them as other prisoners of war.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

COLUMBIA, S. C., December 2, 1864.

His Excellency Governor BONHAM:

I have the honor to inform you that the board of regents of the Lunatic Asylum of South Carolina was convected this day at your request to consider the application of General Winder for the male asylum to be used as a place of confinement for Federal prisoners. The board is of opinion that under the laws of the State it had no authority to use the buildings and premises for any other purpose than that for which they are now appointed. Such authority, as is conceived, can alone be exercised by the General Assembly. The board, however, feel no hesitation in expressing its views of the expediency of the measure, and have adopted the following resolution:

The board of regents, in view of the great necessity of receiving the prisoners and protecting our defenseless women and children from any injury which may occur from their going at large, deem it expedient to allow General Winder the use of the grounds of the State asylum east of the buildings, under such restored may adopt.

