
keep warm. The men were visited in quarters occasionally by a surgeon whose duty it was to remove very severe cases to the hospital and attend to the ailments of the sick. He was a brute and treated the men brutally; his only object was to get all the money he possibly could and to do for the sick only what he was obliged to do. The men were never sent to the hospital until they were very sick, and in most instances not until they were in a dying condition. There were many instances of men dying while being transported to the hospital, and they were never helped in or out of an ambulance unless their comrades done it for them. When admitted into the hospital they were obliged to stand or lay around on the floor until their names were taken, when they found their into the different wards the best they could. The sheets, bedding, &amp;c., were always in a filthy condition and full of vermin, and never changed unless an inspection was about to take place. The washing was very poorly done and when brought into the linen room were still full of vermin.

The surgeons were supposed to go through their wards once a day, but many of them failed to do so, and when they did attend their principal object seemed to be how soon they could manage to get through their wards and consequently they neglected the men very much. Others intending to do for the men as well as they knew how were unfortunately little better than empirics. Others were very kind to the men and did all in their power, but the material to prescribe from was so limited they were unable to accomplish much good.

The last surgeon in charge of the hospital was a very kind man and did all in his power to promote the health and comfort of the sick. By his good management there was a sufficiency of whisky reserved for the sick (it not being drank up by outsiders so much), and in the worst cases he managed to obtain a few eggs and a sufficiency of fresh meat, which was of considerable service.

The sick received two meals a day, consisting of four ounces of corn bread and half a pint of unpalatable soup each time; meat was occasionally issued, both fresh and salt. Before they commenced sending the men to Georgia the hospital was filled to its utmost capacity, which was about 1,500 cases. The principal diseases were typhoid fever, typhoid pneumonia, chronic diarrhea, and dysentery, but the two last mentioned was the cause of death in the majority of cases, it seeming utterly impossible to check it even by such remedies as pil. cupri et opii (one-half grain each), pil. argent. nit. et opii (one-fourth grain each), or by the use of pil. plumb. acet. comp., or any of the powerful astringents, without a rich, generous diet and stimulants, which they were unable to furnish, excepting the stimulants and that only in small quantity.

From January 1 to March 1, 1864, there were 2,700 cases admitted into hospital, and out of this number 1,396 died. During the fall of 1863, there was an average of 50 deaths daily, with an average of 1,500 in the hospital. During March, 1864, there was an average of 883, and the deaths for this month were 583.

The Federal stewards did the dispensing for the hospital, but as the material to do with was very limited, they labored under many disadvantages, and it put their skill as apothecaries to the hardest test possible, in order to use to material to the best advantage and furnish as many preparations as possible.

The following articles the Confederacy was unable to furnish, viz: Ol. morrhuae, ol. olivae, or any of the essential oils excepting ol. terebinth., fluid extract morphia [?], extract jalap, magnesia, acid citric [?],

