
I am further instructed to urge that if possession be given General Winder the occupation be only for a short period, as otherwise the interests of the institution would suffer materially.

I have the honor to be,

M. LA BORDE,

President Board of Regents Lunatic Asylum.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Columbia, S. C., December 3, 1864.

Approved:

M. L. BONHAM.
HEADQUARTERS DEPOT FOR PRISONERS OF WAR,Elmira, N. Y., December 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General WESSELLS, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: On the 1st instant Doctor Turner, superintendent of the New York Inebriate Asylum, came to Elmira at the request of the Sanitary Commission for the purpose of making an inspection of the prison camp and hospital at this place. I hesitated about admitting him, but deeming it important that the inspection should be made and the report published for the purpose of correcting the impression that seems somehow to have got abroad that the prisoners here are cruelly treated, I concluded to admit him, with the understanding, however, that no report is to be made until my action is approved by you. Doctor Turner is a gentleman of line literary and scientific attainments and well qualified to make this inspection and report. Please inform me whether the report shall be made.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. TRACY,

Colonel 127th U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY COMMANDER,Louisville, Ky., December 3, 1864.

Captain S. E. JONES,

Additional Aide-de-Camp and Asst. Com. General of Prisoners:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 3, 1864:

Conduct, good; cleanliness, very good; clothing, Confederate, good; bedding, blankets, good; state of quarters, good, state of mess-houses, good; state of kitchen, good; food, quality of, good; food, quantity of, full prison ration; water, sufficient; sinks, in good order; police of grounds, good; drainage, good; police of hospital, good; attendance of sick, Confederate nurses; hospital diet, prison ration; general health of prisoners, good; vigilance of guard, good.

Remarks and suggestions. - I have carefully inspected the prison and find that there is not sufficient guard, the Twentieth Kentucky Volunteers being on duty, numbering only 138 men. Of these they are obliged to furnished seventy-six enlisted me for ground daily, besides supernumeraries. There are two companies of this regiment on duty at the fortifications, which, added to the present force at the prison, would make the guard sufficiently strong for the security of the prisoners. Great credit is due Captain Pratt for his efficient discharge of the duties of

