
his position. The dining-room and kitchen of the prison are not large enough to accommodate the number of prisoners now confined here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. FOLSOM,

Captain, 101st Illinois Infantry Vols., Post Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Having been unable as yet to secure detail permanently of a competent inspecting officer for the prison, I was compelled again to call upon the post commander for an officer to make the inspection, by whom Captain L. B. Folsom, inspecting officer for the post, was detailed for this special duty.

His report is approved and respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

STEPHEN E. JONES,

Captain and Additional Aide-de-Camp, Commanding Prison.

Weekly report of the condition of military prisons of Saint Louis.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., December 3, 1864.

Condition of Gratiot Street Prison. - Buildings, same as last reported; sinks and yards, very satisfactory; kitchen and mess-rooms, clean; cleanliness of prisoners, satisfactory; quarters and bedding, very clean; hospital, nothing extra to mention since last report.

Condition of Myrtle Street Prison. - Buildings, same as last reported; sinks and yards, clean; kitchen and mess-rooms, kitchen pretty clean, the mess-room is an unhealthy basement; cleanliness of prisoners, improving; quarters and bedding, improving under the new commander.

Colonel JOS. DARR, JR.,

Acting Provost-Marshal-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to the instructions contained in the letter of the Commissary-General at Washington, of September 28, I have commenced making an estimate of the costs for the new prison proposed to be established at Palm's Foundry and shall be ready to submit the plan and estimate of costs in a few days. I have therefore nothing of particular interest to mention or to recommend this week. I shall postpone all repairs or improvements in the old prison until this question is decided.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

GUST. HEINRICHS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Inspector and Superintendent of Military Prisons.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., December 3, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE, Commanding Department of Arkansas:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 3, 1864:

Conduct, generally good; cleanliness, requires improvement; clothing, generally very poor; bedding, inferior; state of quarters, in good condition; state of mess-houses, in bad condition, but in process of improvement; state of kitchen, in bad condition, but in process of improvement; food, quality of, good; food, quantity of, amply sufficient;

