
water, cistern, ample and good; well, inferior; sinks, all that is desirable; police of grounds, very good; drainage, very good; police of hospital, very good; attendance of sick, very good; hospital diet, good and sufficient; general health of prisoners, very good; vigilance of guard, excellent; but one prisoners has escaped in the fifteen months, during which time prison have been occupied.

Remarks and suggestions. - The state of cleanliness of prisoners is bad, but the superintendent states that he has been for two weeks past in daily expectation of a supply of clothing, which has been in the hands of the post quartermaster awaiting the action of a board of survey. The clothing, blankets, &amp;c., will probably be issued during the coming week, when it is to be hoped that better reports can be made on this point. A new cooking-range has been received at the prison, and the superintendent reports will be put into operation as soon as possible, when the cooking arrangements will be very good. The cistern furnishes all the water necessary, and it is believed to be more conducive to health than well water in this locality.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. E. CHANDLER,

First Lieutenant, Seventh Cavalry Missouri Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WARREN,Boston Harbor, December 3, 1864.

Major A. A. GIBSON, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending Saturday, December 3, 1864:

Conduct, orderly; cleanliness, satisfactory; clothing, in as good order as the limited allowance will permit; bedding, generally in good order; state of quarters, as neat and clean as the crowded condition will allow; state of mess-houses, clean and well conducted; state of kitchen, clean and well conducted; food, quality of, good; food, quantity of, the full allowance; water, good and plentiful; sinks in good order and regularly policed; police of grounds, every morning thoroughly; drainage, excellent; police of hospital, no special hospital for prisoners; attendance of sick, regular; hospital diet as ordered by surgeon in charge, good; general health of prisoners, good; vigilance of guard, satisfactory.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OTIS S. WILBUR,

First Lieutenant Company A, First Battalion Heavy

Artillery Massachusetts Volunteers, Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

The health of the prisoners is generally good, and their improvement of physical condition is manifest. Some are filthy to the generation of vermin. A few brought the itch with them. There are some one or two chronic cases of diseases of the liver, consumption, and diarrhea. The comment upon their treatment is what they admit in private correspondence. About two weeks ago the brick was removed from a ventilator for the purpose of escape. This and the case reported by placing an Englishman in irons are the only exceptions to uniformly good conduct.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners:

A. A. GIBSON,

Major, Third U. S. Artillery, Commanding.

