
General Vaughn was very desirous to secure the release of persons indicted for treason in the U. S. court for the district of East Tennessee. When informed that I was forbidden by the War Department to interfere with the issuing of capiases he agreed to make no more arrests of citizens, except that of four whom he was ordered by the rebel Secretary of War to seize as hostages for Joseph B. Heiskell, a member of the rebel Congress, who was captured by General Gallium at Rogersville last fall. I would respectfully suggest, or request, that the provisions of a public character, in the foregoing cartel be published from department headquarters for the information of all whom they concern.

I am, captain, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. P. CARTER,

Brigadier General and Provost-Marshal-General of East Tennessee.

[DECEMBER 3, 1864. - For Thompson to Benjamin, in relation to affairs in the Northern and Western States, and operations of the "Sons of Liberty", &c., see Series I, Vol. XLIII, Part II, p. 930.]
HEADQUARTERS C. S. MILITARY PRISONS,Columbia, S. C., December 3, 1864.

His Excellency M. L. BONHAM, Governor of South Carolina:

GOVERNOR; I have just received your note of this date, inclosing slip from the Advertiser complaining of the escape of Yankee prisoners, and that they are thronging the country to the great annoyance of your citizens. This complaint is reasonable and just, but it is far from just to attach blame from their escape to the prison authorities.

My own observation, since the prisons in this State have been placed under my command (very recently), satisfies me that as much vigilance and care has been used as the circumstances and facilities for guard would permit. There has been no place heretofore to confine them, no stockade, no intrenchments, not even a fence around them, and I am informed by the officer in command that application has often been made in vain for tools, and workmen, and the materials to prepare a proper stockade. It must be manifest to all that it is vain to guard a large, or even small, body of reserves in an open plain. There is no soldier who can not flank pickets and elude guards in dark and foggy nights; add to this, the guards are raw reserves and without drill, and so small a force that drill is impossible, they being constantly on guard duty. It is for these reasons, Governor, that I have so earnestly asked for temporary use the male asylum in this city. If we can have that house until a proper stockade is built the prisoners can be guarded, and permit me again urgently to ask for that locality, again assuring you that at the earliest moment the prisoners will be removed entirely from this vicinity.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

HDQRS. PRISON CAMP, Elmira, N. Y., December 4, 1864.

Colonel B. F. TRACY, Commanding Depot Prisoners of War:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 4, 1864:

Conduct-good. Cleanliness-good as practicable with the limited supply of clothing. Clothing-insufficient for this climate. Bedding-

