
many destitute of blankets. State of quarters-fair. State of mess-houses-good. State of kitchen-good. Food, quality of-good, with the exception noted in remarks. Food, quantity of-legal ration. Water-good and abundant. Sinks-sufficient and in fair condition. Police of grounds, good. Drainage-good. Police of hospital-excellent. Attendance of sick-good. Hospital diet-good. General health of prisoners-fair. Vigilance of guard-good.

Remarks and suggestions. - A portion of the beef is very lean. Cows milked through the season and too poor for a respectable farmer to winter, are slaughtered and the beef issued to prisoners. I caused a quarter to be weighed, then boiled and the parts weighted. The quarter weighed 92 pounds before cooked; the meat, carefully taken off the bone, weighed 45 1/2 pounds; the bones, 19 pounds; tallow, 4 pounds. This was a forequarter and one of the poorest. They are very nearly of the same quality. About one-half of the flour used this week has been of very poor quality. One thousand six hundred and sixty-six are entirely destitute of blankets, or have blankets nearly worthless.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. MUNGER,

Captain, Forty-fourth New York Volunteers, Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

The invoice of a large among of clothing and 4,000 blankets has just been received and the articles will be issued immediately upon their arrival.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

B. F. TRACY,

Colonel 127th U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Depot.

U. S. MILITARY CAMP,

Camp Morton, Indianapolis, December 4, 1864.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS, Commanding Camp Morton:

SIR: I have the honor to submit following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 3, 1864:

Conduct-very quiet, no attempts to escape. Cleanliness-good state. Clothing-good. Bedding-good. State of quarters-kept as well policed as is possible. State of mess-houses-have none. State of kitchens-good. Food, quality of-first class. Food, quantity of- sufficient, being in accordance to orders. Water-sufficient. Sinks-not sufficient, as the portable sinks are useless in cold weather. Police of grounds-through. Drainage-complete. Police of hospital-through. Attendance of sick-good. Hospital diet-first-class. General health of prisoners-good. Vigilance of guard-ordinary.

Remarks and suggestions. - I have the honor to remark that during the past week, owing to the weather being favorable, the camp has been kept in a perfect state of cleanliness by thoroughly policing the barracks, kitchens, and grounds; but I would respectfully call your attention to the necessity of building at least three large stationary sinks in the camp, as the portable sinks now in use are getting very fitly, occasioned by the nuisance freezing so hard in the boxes as to

75 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII

