
make it impossible to cleanse them thoroughly when taken out of camp to empty them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

First Lieutenant, Veteran Reserve Corps, and Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Captain W. T. HARTZ,

Asst. Adjt. General, Deputy Com. General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

CAPTAIN: It is extremely difficult in freezing weather to use the portable sinks, as recommended by Surgeon Alexander, medical inspector of prisons, and, although averse to the erection of the large stationary sinks in the camp, it may, however, be necessary to do so during the winter months. I would, therefore, respectfully ask the opinion of the general commanding on this subject.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

A. A. STEVENS,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SUPERINTENDENT OF PRISON,Johnson's Island, December 4, 1864.

Colonel CHARLES W. HILL,

128TH Ohio Vol. Infty., Commanding U. S. Forces,

Johnson's Island and Sandusky;

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 4, 1864:

Conduct-good. Cleanliness-good. Clothing-comfortable. Bedding-about fourth-fifths of the prisoners not supplied with straw. State of quarters-clean, except one company in Block 10. State of mess-houses-fair. State of kitchen-fair. Food, quality of-poor fresh beef and some sour salt beef last week. Food, quantity of-prisoners' ration, except potatoes. Water-good. Sinks, fair condition. Police of grounds-good. Drainage-good. Police of hospital-very good. Attendance of sick-good, plenty of prisoners surgeons, nurses and cooks. Hospital diet-good and abundant. General health of prisoners-good. Whole number of prisoners, 2,755; no deaths since last report. Vigilance of guard-good.

Remarks and suggestions. - The prisoners receive considerable clothing from relations, but many have no relations and are supplied by the quartermasters, as the following issue for November will show: Blankets, 598; shirts, 423; stocking, 748; greatcoats, 17; drawers, 465; bootees, 599. There has been beef returned to the commissary from the prison frequently, on account of its unfitness for issue. As the commissary has not authority to purchase potatoes I would recommend that the sutler be allowed to sell them to the prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. SCOVILL,

Lieutenant Colonel 128th Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

The recent decease of the late quartermaster of this post has doubtless delayed the obtaining of a supply of straw. It is a matter attended

