
with considerable difficulty. The fault about beef lies between the contract and the commissary of subsistence. Prompt attention has been given to those delinquencies and measures taken to prevent their recurrence. Attention is invited to my remarks a week ago about deficiency of potatoes.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel 128th Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry, Commanding the Post.
HEADQUARTERS FORT DELAWARE, DEL., December 4, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 3, 1864:

Conduct-good. Cleanliness-have good facilities for keeping clean. Clothing-comfortable with a few exceptions. Bedding-consists of bunks and blankets. State of quarters-clean and comfortable. State of mess-houses-remarkably clean. State of kitchen-excellent. Food, quality of-very good. Food, quantity of-receive full allowance. Water-good and sufficient. Sinks-kept clean with pumps and tide. Police of grounds-well conducted. Drainage, very good. Police of hospital-creditably conducted. Attendance of sick-could not be between. Hospital diet-good and sufficient. General health of prisoners-about 5 per cent. sick and only three deaths. Vigilance of guard-such as could be expected from 100-yards' men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. W. AHL,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Insp. Officer.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP DOUGLAS,

Chicago, Ill., December 4, 1864.

Colonel B. J. SWEET, Commanding Post, Chicago, Ill.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 4, 1864:

Conduct-generally good. Cleanliness-with few exceptions fair. Clothing-generally comfortable. Bedding-generally comfortable. State of quarters-clean, most of them in good repair. State of kitchen-thoroughly neat. Food, quality of-good. Food, quantity of-hardly sufficient. Water-good and plenty of it. Sinks-in good condition, cleaned daily. Police of grounds-very thorough, daily. Drainage-good. Police of hospital-very good. Attendance of sick-the sick in hospital are well cared for. Hospital diet-good. General health of prisoners-good, except smallpox, which is decreasing. Vigilance of guard-guard seem to be very vigilant.

Remarks and suggestions. - I would respectfully recommend that during the winter months the ration of meant be increased two ounces. A ration that is sufficient in this climate in summer is not enough in winter. I would also respectfully recommend that bedsacks be issued to the prisoners, as a sufficient amount of bedding could thus be furnished them at a less expense than by the issue of blankets. Many of

