
the prisoners have only one blanket, which will not keep them comfortable during the winter months.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. BRIGGS,

First Lieutenant Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps,

Special Inspector Camp Douglas.

COLUMBIA, S. C., December 4, 1864.

Major GARNETT ANDREWS:

MAJOR: As it may be thought that disregard was shown to the President's order to change the site of the prison from here, conveyed to me by you by telegram, by the continuation of the work for a few days, I state the following to relieve me of the charge:

As soon as I received the telegram I directed Colonel Martin and Captain Hayden to look out for another point to locate the prison, expressing the preference for some point on the railroad between this place and Charlotte; and in the meantime, as it would be no additional expense to the Government, to keep the negroes at work where they were. The Government had to feet and pay them whether they were idle or not. The work so done might be serviceable, as it was possible that necessity might compel the military authorities to send prisoners here for temporary security. The work has been stopped. General Winder is now here. He considers me relieved of all connection with prisoners, except those in Richmond. I am heartily glad to get rid of the business.

I have got by telegram fifteen days' leave. I shall not be in Richmond before the 17th of this month.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. M. GARDNER,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS POST, Richmond, December 9, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant and Inspector General, to be submitted to His Excellency the President, if he thinks necessary.

In absence of and for General Gardner:

GARNETT ANDREWS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

DECEMBER 14, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

In this connection please see letter from General Winder (W. 2903) of December 6, 1864, now sent in with this*.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

DECEMBER 16, 1864.

Noted. Explanation has been given the President.

J. A. S.

---------------

* See p. 1196.

---------------

