HEADQUARTERS PRISON OFFICE,Camp Chase, Ohio, December 5, 1864.

Colonel W. P. RICHARDSON, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 3, 1864:

Conduct-good. Cleanliness-perfect. Clothing-much improved since their arrival at this post. Bedding-good. State of quarters-clean. State of mess-houses-well arranged. State of kitchen-in good condition. Food, quality of-first-class ration. Food, quantity of-full allowance by order of Commissary-General. Water-good. Sinks-in good condition. Police of grounds-perfect. Drainage-good. Police hospital-good. Attendance of sick-sufficient. Hospital diet-proper in every respect. General health of prisoners-improving, excepting smallpox. Vigilance of guard-good.

Remarks and suggestions. - Mention was made in my last report of the necessity of gravel being hauled in the prisons. The same necessity still exists. Too much praise cannot be awarded the officers in command of the prisons for their untiring efforts in the management of the prisons to the best interest of Government and the comfort of prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. S. PARKER,

Captain, Eighty-eighth Ohio Vol. Infantry, and Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

The health of prisoners is improving. Measures now adopted will soon eradicate the smallpox. There are but few cases of real smallpox, most of them being varioloid. The weather has been extremely cold for a few days, and some of the prisoners are not as warmly clad as they should be. I repeat my recommendation that they be permitted to buy pepper and shoe blacking.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL OF PRISONERS,

Rock Island Barracks, Ill., December 5, 1864.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 5, 1864:

Conduct-very good. Cleanliness-good. Clothing-good. Bedding-none. State of quarters-very good. State of mess-houses-no mess-houses. State of kitchen-very good. Food, quality of-good. Food, quantity of-as per circular from Commissary-General of Prisoners. Water-good. Sinks with improvements (now nearly completed) will be excellent. Police of grounds-very good. Drainage-good. Police of hospital-very good. Attendance of sick-very good. Hospital diet-very good. General health of prisoners-good. Vigilance of guard-good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CARAHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps,

Provost-Marshal of Prisoners and Inspecting Officer.

