
acid nitric, rad. scillae, sanguinaria, colchicum, spts. aeth. sulph. comp., quiniae sulph., cinchonae sulph., and others I cannot call to mind.

Such articles as pulv. opii, ipecac, jalap, potass. iodid., potass. nitras, hydryg. sub. mur, antim. et pot. tart., magnes. sulph., potass. bitart, argenti nitras, spts. aeth., nitros., iodine, acid tannic, acacia, and a few others, were furnished only in small quantity, which was not sufficient for the wants of the hospital, so that very oftern we were without them for weeks. Since the blockade has become so effectual, many articles which they furnished us with formerly are not now to be had at any price.

We put up an average of 500 prescriptions daily, which were mostly of one character and varying very little. We also made up daily from 1,500 to 2,000 astringent pills.

The medicines sent us by the U. S. Sanitary Commission were received and have been used for the Federal sick. The quinia sent was used at the rate of three ounces a day, but a we received but forty ounces, it was soon expended.

The clothing sent to us was issued, but when the men were sent to Georgia I heard their blankets and overcoats were taken from them.

The Confederate medical purveyor has issued a circular stating that he would be unable to furnish any but indigenous articles, and directing that their requisitions be made accordingly.

The above statement was made to me by Hospital Steward Thomas James, U. S. Army, captured at Ely's Ford, on the Rapidan, Va., November 2, 1863. He is absent on furlough, and therefore cannot sign or swear to the statement, which is in his own handwriting.

DE WITT C. PETERS,

Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS GEORGIA RESERVES,Macon, Ga., May 5, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant-General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Under your order to inform myself of the condition of the prison at Andersonville with a view of furnishing from the reserve corps the necessary guard for its protection and safety I made a visit there and have just returned, and now submit the result of my examination.

There are now in the prison about 12,000 prisoners, in an area of less than eighteen acres, with a stockade around it about fifteen feet high. I presume the character of the prison is well understood at Richmond and therefore give no description of it.

The danger of the prisoners escaping is not so great as I had supposed; with a guard of 1,200 men, four pieces of artillery, and a cavalry company all apprehension of escape would be quieted. I have arranged to send two regiments of infantry there within the next week, which with the detached companies of Colonel Persons' regiment will be an ample infantry force. Captain Gamble's battery is there, but I would recommend that it be returned to Florida and Captain Tiller's battery sent in its place. My reason mainly for this recommendation is that Captain Gamble's battery is very well supplied with horses and they are not needed at Andersonville, whereas Captain Tiller's horses have been so reduced that he is unable to move his battery in the field. The exchange of these batteries would be of decided advantage to the service. I recommend the cavalry company because its presence would

