
[Indorsement.]

The within report, by a personal inspection, is found to be correct. The weather still is mild and pleasant, and the improvements now under way are expected to be completed daily.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

A. J. JOHNSON,

Colonel, Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.

OFFICE SUPT. AND INSPECTOR MILITARY PRISONS,

Saint Louis, Mo., December 5, 1864.

Colonel JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Actin Provost-Marshal-General, Department of the Missouri:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 5, 1864:

Conduct-satisfactory. Cleanliness-improving. Clothing-sufficient. Bedding-has been thoroughly cleaned to-day and ticks filled with new straw. State of quarters-improving daily. State of mess-houses-old, dark, and damp; kept as clean as possible, and will be repaired, if possible. State of kitchen-found clean. Food, quality of-good. Food, quantity of-according to regulations. Water-plenty, but additional hydrants are recommended in case of fire (or the supper story). Sinks-not sufficiently large. Police of grounds-satisfactory. Drainage-good. Police of hospital-very good. Attendance of sick-same. Hospital diet-in charge of the medical department. General health of prisoners-improving. Vigilance of guard-good.

In reference to repairs I respectfully refer to my special report of last week and to-day, and respectfully ask that the necessary mechanics be ordered to report to me for particular instructions. The removal of so many prisoners during the last week has done a great deal of good toward enabling the commandant at Gratiot Street Prison to better ventilate and police the different rooms, which had been overcrowded ever since General Pleasonton's prisoners from Price's army had arrived.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GUST. HEINRICHS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

The acting provost-marshal-general in forwarding the within report earnestly recommends the selection of another building for prison, and refers to previous report upon the subject.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Acting Provost-Marshal-General, Department of the Missouri.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, December 5, 1864.

Private Michael Hoare, Company E, Fifth Michigan Cavalry, who was a prisoners in the hands of the rebels and confined at Libby Prison, Richmond, in July, 1864, makes the following statement, viz: That Lieutenant Manning, Second Massachusetts Cavalry; Lieutenant Duchesney, First Massachusetts Cavalry; Captain Driscoll, Third Ohio Volunteers, and Lieutenant McBride*, assistant adjutant-general to

---------------

* Lieutenant Leopold Markbreit.

---------------

