
General Averell, are held as hostages at Libby Prison, Richmond, Va. ; complaint of hard treatment by the enemy; are kept in one cell, six by eight, damp, close, and filthy; are allowed but four ounces corn bread and from one and a half to two ounces of bacon per man daily, the bacon being maggoty and unfit for use. They were selected from among several officers and placed in this close confinement, but for what reason they are unable to tell, and cannot learn. Supposed to be in retaliation for similar treatment to officers of the rebel army, prisoners of war.

This statement is made by Private Hoare at the request of the officers above mentioned, who desire relief from their sufferings, or at least to be treated like other prisoners of war.

MICHAEL HOARE,

Private, Company E, Fifth Regiment Michigan Cavalry.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., December 8, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Major General E. A. Hitchcock, commissioner for exchange.

The rebel officers confined in relation for the treatment of the within-named officers are:

Captain James P. Brown, Fourth Tennessee Cavalry, Company K, captured at Waverly, Tenn., February 2, 1864.

Fist Lieutenant R. J. Brailsford, First Texas Legion, Company E, captured at Queensville, Miss., November 4, 1863.

First Lieutenant R. H. C. Bailey, Foster's cavalry, Company A, captured at Lauderdale, Ala., December 1, 1863.

First Lieutenant A. W. Dozier, Sixth South Carolina Cavalry, Company F, captured at John's Island February 9, 1864.

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier General, U. S. Vols., Inspector and Com. General of Prisoners.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, December 5, 1864.

Judge OULD, Agent of Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: There is a proposition before our Legislature to appropriate $5,000 sterling for the relief of North Carolina prisoners of war. It is supposed the arrangement made by the Confederate States will be sufficient. Please inform me if you think it will, or, if not sufficient to make all of our prisoners comfortable, can this State get the privilege of shipping 100 bales to New York for this purpose and save our exchange? An early answer will oblige.

Very respectfully,

Z. B. VANCE.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, December 5, 1864.

The ASST. ADJT. General OF LIEUTENANT-GENERAL GRANT,

Commanding Armies, &amp;c.:

SIR: I respectfully request that the inclosed letter to Colonel Ould may be forwarded to him with all convenient dispatch after it has been perused by General Grant.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. R. TRIMBLE,

Major-General, Provisional Army, C. S.

