
[Inclosure.]

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, December 5, 1864.

Colonel ROBERT OULD, Confederate Commissioner, Richmond:

SIR: Under the recent arrangement for providing our men (prisoners) with clothing, &amp;c., proposed by you, and assented to by General Grant, it seems that General William N. R. Beall has been selected by the United States Government to perform the duty.

If you nominated two officers (myself and General Beall) without any conditions as to choice, the selection of General Beall is regular and proper. But, on the contrary, if I was nominated, or appointed by you, and General Beall to take my place in case of disability, or other cause preventing me from doing the duty, then hi selection is contrary to the spirit of your proposal, inasmuch as in health and activity I am fully able to perform the duty promptly.

If, therefore, the latter sense as above be the true intention on your part, I hope it may yet be carried out, as relief from a long confinement and change of diet are very desirable and much needed by me.

In answer to an application from me to General Grant, he assents to the selection of six of our officers to assist in carrying out the arrangement, provided the Confederate authorities allow the same to the United States.

At the purchase or distribution of clothing cannot be made with the desirable promptness in the North without the aid of assistants, I beg you will at once effect this arrangement with General Grant, in which General Beall accords with me.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. R. TRIBMLE,

Major-General, Provisional Army, C. S.
HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES IN EAST TENNESSEE,Greenville, Tenn., December 5, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

SIR: Inclosed you will find a copy of an agreement between General S. P. Carter, provost-marshal-general of East Tennessee, on the part of the Federal authorities, and myself, relative to the exchange of citizen prisoners of East Tennessee under Special Orders, Numbers 267, authorizing me to negotiate with the Federal authorities in East Tennessee*.

I regret to state that I failed to procure the release of the Honorable J. B. Heiskel and several others who are indicted for treason, but General Carter assured me that he would communicate with the Federal authorities at Washington and endeavor to the best of his ability to secure their release.

If the agreement meets with your approbation will you have all the citizen prisoners from East Tennessee now held in confinement by the C. S. authorities sent to this department as early as practicable, and if you do not approve of it will you please notify me of the fact as soon as possible?

I desire, if it meets your approval, to arrest a number of prominent men as hostages for the Honorable J. B. Heiskell and others, if I fail in securing their release.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

---------------

* See December 1, p. 1175.

---------------

