
at that time not being completed, and that he saw one dead prisoners is by no means surprising; it is only a matter of surprise that in so large and motley a crew he did not see any more. The last paragraph of the article most certainly shows the spirit that prompted the writer. He is evidently not a fighting man, but most probably a carpet knight whose high privilege is to stay at home and croak.

With these remarks, I respectfully return the paper.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. P. HARRISON, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 298. Washington, December 6, 1864.

Declaration of exchange of prisoners of war.

1. It having been officially reported that Mr. Ould, rebel commissioner of exchange, has declared, without consulting with the authorities of the United States, that all rebel prisoners delivered for exchange or parole by the Union States Government up to November 25, 1864, are exchanged; it is

Ordered, That all Federal prisoners of war, of the army and of the navy, and all civilians on parole for exchange up to November 25, 1864, be declared exchanged, and they are thus declared exchanged accordingly.

2. All paroled officers and enlisted men herein declared exchanged who are in camp will be immediately forwarded by the commandants of camps to their regiments and commands, and will be reported to the Commissary-General of Prisoners accordingly. Those who are absent on leave will, on expiration of their leave, repair forthwith to the parole camps at Annapolis, Md., or Columbus, Ohio.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNESEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, Mass., December 6, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMIES,

Headquarters City Point, Va.:

SIR: By to-day's mail I forward an application to Colonel Robert Ould, agent of exchange, Richmond, Va., requesting that the U. S. agent to furnish supplies to prisoners to at once paroled, in order to enable him to make all necessary arrangements for the distribution of supplies; also that he be allowed six assistants. Feeling sanguine that my requests will be granted, I respectfully request that I be paroled at once for the same purpose, and that pending the decision as to the number of assistants, Capts. Beall Hempstead, R. M. Hewitt, and John R. Fellows (the first and last named are members of my staff), now at Johnson's Island, Ohio, be paroled and permitted to join me as assistants.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. N. R. BEALL,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S., Prisoner of War.

