
FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, Mass., December 6, 1864.

Colonel ROBERT OULD, Agent of Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: * * * I also learn that the agent of the Confederate States will be allowed six assistants if the Confederate authorities will allow the same number to the agent of the United States. As this number of assistants is all-important for the prompt supplying of the prisoners, I would respectfully request that an arrangement be made that will give me the privilege to select said number from the officers now in prison. * * *

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. N. R. BEALL,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S., Prisoners of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 6, 1864.

Colonel B. F. TRACY,

Commanding Depot Prisoners of War, Elmira, N. Y.:

COLONEL: Your communication of the 3rd instant, relative to the inspection of your camp by an agent of the Sanitary Commission, has been received. The formal inspection of a military prison station by private individuals is highly improper, and the publication of a report cannot be permitted unless under direction of the Department of War. Your attention is called to paragraph XVI of circular from this office dated April 20, 1864.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier General, U. S. Vols., Inspector and Com. General of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, December 6, 1864.

The Prussian Minister the Baron GEROLT:

SIR: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to inform you, with reference to your application for the release of certain prisoners and other German subjects now held as prisoners of war, that all the men whose names are given in your letter of the 3rd instant have been ordered to be released.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., December 6, 1864.

To the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

In response to your resolution of the 23rd ultimo I herewith transmit a communication from the Secretary of War, which conveys the information requested relative to the arrangements which have been made "for the relief of our soldiers who are prisoners of war in the hands of the enemy".

JEFF'N DAVIS.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, December 7, 1864.

Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.

