
Resolution presented in the House of Representatives December 7, 1864.

On motion of Mr. Pendleton,

Resolved, That the President of the United States be requested in, his discretion and if not incompatible with the public interest, to communicate to this House the report made by Colonel Thomas M. Key of an interview between himself and General Howell Cobb on the 14th day of June, 1862, on the banks of the Chickahominy, on the subject of the exchange of prisoners of war.

Attest:

EWD. McPHERSON,

Clerk.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, December 7, 1864.

Major-General HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner for Exchange, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: You will have seen by the papers that Mr. Ould, the agent of exchange for the Confederates, has declared all persons exchanged delivered to either party up to November 25, and also declared all the paroled prisoners delivered at Vicksburg exchanged, and this applies to both naval and military.

I think there ought to be a concurrent declaration on our part. I have called the attention of the authorities at Washington to this once before. I think we are losing the services of good officers by this means.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

The previous letter (referred to) in this case was addressed to General Wessells, and was duly attended to. The exchange has been declared, dated December 6, 1864.

E. A. H.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WARREN, December 7, 1864.

Captain W. T. HARTZ,Asst. Adjt. General, Office Com. General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that Brigadier General W. N. R. Beall, a prisoner of war confined at this post, was released yesterday, the 6th instant, on parole of honor, under instructions from Major-General Halleck to Brigadier General H. E. Paine, U. S. Volunteers, dated Headquarters of the Army, Washington, November 21, 1864. Copy of said parole of honor is herewith inclosed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. GIBSON,

Major, Third U. S. Artillery, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

PAROLE.

I, Brigadier General William N. R. Beall, of the Confederate service, now a prisoner of war of the United States, having been designated to receive and sell a cargo of 1,000 bales of cotton sent from Mobile to New York

