
have a salutary effect in restraining the prisoners from any attempt to escape, knowing the means were at hand to pursue them, and in the event of the escape of any considerable number the cavalry would be absolutely necessary to their successful pursuit.

I took the liberty of making several suggestions for rendering the prison more secure, and if the tools could be had I would recommend that the entire prison grounds should be surrounded by fortifications which could be put up by the troops, whose health would be promoted by the employment. The most important change is the one suggested in the accompanying report of my chief surgeon, Doctor Eldridge, that is, the erection of hospital buildings outside of the prison. Upon that point there cannot be two opinions among intelligent men. It ought to be done at once, and such is the opinion of every sensible man that has examined the prison. The prison is already too much crowded, and no additional prisoners should be sent there until it can be enlarged. The effect of increasing the number within the present area must be a terrific increase of sickness and death during the summer months. I understand that an order has been given for enlarging the prison. If it was possible to make another prison it would be much better, for I doubt very much whether the water will be sufficient for the accommodation of the increased number of prisoners. The general management of the prison under Colonel Persons is good, and he manifests a laudable desire to discharge his duties in the most efficient manner.

The duties of the inside command are admirably performed by Captain Wirz, whose place it would be difficult to fill.

I still think the rank of the commanding officer of the post should be a brigadier-general. In view of the number of troops that will be under his command it seems to me he should have that superior rank over those who may be ordered to report to him.

I take the liberty of inclosing a copy of Doctor Eldridge's report.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General, Commanding, &c.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS GEORGIA RESERVES,Macon, Ga., May 6, 1864.

Major LAMAR COBB,

Asst. Adjt. and Insp. General, Georgia Reserves, Macon, Ga.:

MAJOR: In obedience to instructions from Major General Howell Cobb, I have the honor to make the following report of my visit, in company with the general, to the prison camp at Andersonville:

I found the prisoners, in my opinion, too much crowded for the promotion or even continuance of their present health, particularly during the approaching summer months. The construction of properly arranged barracks would, of course, allow the same number of men to occupy the inclosures with material advantage to their comfort and health. At present their shelters consist of such as they can make of the boughs of trees, poles, &c., covered with dirt. The few tents they have are occupied as hospitals. I found the police of the camp throughout very good-as well arranged as their crowded condition and the limited number of shovels would allow. Since necessary tools have been received for ditching, &c., which has been very recently, it is proposed to arrange their sinks so that the fecal matter may be at once carried away by the by the stream running through the inclosure, which will at once materially improve the condition of the camp. I found the condition of a large number of the Belle Isle prisoners on their arrival

