
bringing it to that point to be thereupon immediately returned and redelivered to your authorities at the place where they were received.

It will be necessary that such vessels be during this time under my exclusive control, and that no person whatever from within your lines accompany them beyond the obstructions off the city of Mobile, from which point and until their return they will be navigated by crews furnished by the U. S. naval commander.

If the above suggestions are satisfactory I would respectfully invite your efforts to their speedy consummation, and in this will have the honor to second you to my utmost power.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GALVESTON, TEX., December 7, 1864.

Colonel C. C. DWIGHT,

Agent of Exchange, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I had the honor from Shreveport of replying to your communication of 1st ultimo, advising you that I would be ready to deliver to you off Galveston on the 10th instant the army prisoners confined at Camp Groce, Tex., as agreed upon by us. I am now here awaiting your arrival to receive the prisoners. Should any accident ave prevented the reception by you of my communication from Shreveport referred to above, thereby preventing your being off Galveston on 10th instant, I will with the prisoners await your arrival here.

I beg leave again to call your attention to the case of Captain Blake, detained at Fort Jackson, and respectfully request that you will bring him with you. I will make a satisfactory arrangement for his exchange.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IG. SZYMANSKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Asst. Agent of Exchange, Trans-Mississippi Department, C. S. Army.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 7, 1864.

Colonel B. F. TRACY,

Commanding Depot Prisoners of War, Elmira, N. Y.:

COLONEL: The following extracts are taken from the report of Surgeon Getty, U. S. Army, medical inspector of prisoners, made by him after a recent inspection of the prison camp at Elmira, N. Y., and his suggestions are approved, the changes and improvements to be made with due regard to economy.

* * * * *

1. That the hospital wards be lined.

2. That coal stoves be used in the old barracks instead of wood stoves.

* * * * *

You will please report the probably cost of lining the hospital wards; the advantages to be derived from substituting coal stoves; how many will be required, and what can be done with the stoves displaced by this substitution.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier General, U. S. Vols., Inspector and Com. General of Prisoners.

76 R R - SERIES II, VOL VII

