
report called for through me make such remarks and suggestions as may be of service?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. E. PAINE,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]

CIRCULAR.] NEW YORK CITY, December 9, 1864.

The CONFEDERATE PRISONER OF WAR AT ---:

Under the late arrangement made between the Confederate States and the United states to each supply their own prisoners of war with necessary supplied, I have been selected to carry out on the part of the Confederate States this arrangement.

I therefore desire that you will at once determine, by a committee or otherwise, the supplies(clothing, blankets, and provisions) you most need; give the number of blankets and each article of clothing, naming those articles first that you need most.

Second. Give the number of officers, privates, and citizens separate.

Third. Select offers, give name, rank, and regiment in full, whom you desire to receive and issue to you the supplies on their arrival.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. N. R. BEALL,

Brigadier-General, Provisial Army, C. S., Confederate Agent to Supply Prisoners of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, December 10, 1864.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

GENERAL: The secretary of War directs that all prisoners of war now in the Old Capitol Prison be removed thence to such permanent place of confinement as may be deemed suitable, and that in future prisoners of war be not retained for any length of time in that prison.

Your obedient servant,

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 10, 1864.

Colonel C. W. HILL,

Commanding Johnson's Island, Sandusky, Ohio:

COLONEL: I have the honor to request, by direction of the Commissary-General of Prisoners, that you will furnish to this office with as little delay as possible the total number of prisoners of war who have been confined at Johnson's Island; also the total number of deaths of prisoners, the object being to ascertain the percentage of deaths.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. BLAGDEN,

Major, Second Mass. Cav., Asst. to Com. General of Prisoners.

(Same to Brigadier General J. Barnes, commanding District of Saint Mary's Point Lookout, Md., in reference to Point Lookout; Brigadier General A. Schoepf, commanding Fort Delaware, Del., in reference to Fort Delaware.)

