HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON,Washington, D. C., December 10, 1864.

Colonel M. N. WISEWELL,

Commanding Military District of Washington:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 10, 1864:

Conduct, good; cleanliness, medium; clothing, fair; bedding, fair; state of quarters, fair; state of mess-houses, fair; state of kitchen, fair; food, quality of, food, quantify of, satisfactory; water, good; sinks, good; police of grounds, good; drainage, good; police of hospital, good; attendance of sick, regular; hospital diet, in accordance with medical regulations; general health of prisoners, good; vigilance of guard, satisfactory.

Remarks and suggestions. - Since my last report I find the kitchen at Old Capitol Prison clean and in better order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. RAPHALL,

Lieutenant, Sixth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, and Inspecting Officer.

DECEMBER 10, 1864.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner for Exchange, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose copy of agreement entered into on 1st instant at new Market, East Tenn., with Brigadier General John C. Vaughan, acting in behalf of the so-called Confederate Government, for exchange and release of citizens of East Tennessee held by the U. S. military authorities and by the rebels. *

I also inclose list+ of rebel sympathizers now imprisoned at Johnson's Island and Camp Chase, Ohio, as hostages for Union men imprisoned by rebels, and respectfully request that they be sent to Knoxville as early as practicable, in order that the proper exchange may be effected according to agreement.

For your information I send lists of rebel sympathizers held at this place as hostages who are to be released, as well as of Union men supposed to be in the hands of the rebels. Copies of these lists were left with rebel commissioner.

An effort was made by the rebel commissioner to secure release of parties indicted for treason, and to prevent further issuing of capiases he proposed, in case his object could be effected, to agree to make no further arrests in East Tennessee and to agree to a suspension of the conscript law for this district. Under your instructions I declined to consider his proposition.

Hoping that the arrangement I have made looking to the release of many warm friends of the Government who have suffered long in rebel prisons will meet the approbation of our authorities.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. CARTER,

Brigadier General and Provost-Marshal-General of East Tennessee.

DECEMBER 10, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. VAUGHN,

Commanding Confederate Cavalry, East Tennessee:

SIR: I am in receipt of your communication of the 7th instant,

---------------

* See p. 1175.

+ Omitted.

---------------

