
inclosing list of twenty-nine citizen prisoners this day delivered at our lines. In looking over the list I am surprised to find that the name of Charles Innman, of Sevier County, does not appear. He has been arrested, as I understand, since you took command in East Tennessee, and his case was specially referred to in our interview, with a promise on your part that he should be speedily released. I trust that the apparent oversight in his case will be speedily corrected.

I have already written to Washington to have the prisoners who are held as hostages at Johnson's Island and other points sent to this place for exchange. They will be sent to your lines without unnecessary delay after their arrival at Knoxville. I trust that you will have the Union prisoners, who have been so long absent from their homes, brought to East Tennessee at as early a day as possible in order to [secure] their release.

I inclose list of hostages who are hereby released and sent to your lines. You will see that [they] have been set at liberty here. A few other persons held at Knoxville shall be sent to your lines, if they desire it, at an early day.

I have already written on the subject of treason cases, as agreed upon.

Hoping that all citizen prisoners of East Tennessee now held may soon be restored to their homes,

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. CARTER,

Brigadier General and Provost-Marshal-General of East Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WARREN,Boston Harbor, December 10, 1864.

Major A. A. GIBSON, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending Saturday, December 10, 1864:

Conduct, orderly; cleanliness, satisfactory; clothing, in as good order as the limited allowance will permit; bedding, generally in good order; state of quarters, as neat and clean as the crowded condition will allow; state of mess-houses, clean and well conducted; state of kitchen, clean and well conducted; food, quality of, good; food, quantity of, the full allowance; water, good and plentiful; sinks, in good order and regularly policed; police of grounds, every morning thoroughly; drainage, excellent; police of hospital, no special hospital for prisoners; attendance of sick, regular; hospital diet, as ordered by surgeon in charge, good; general health of prisoners, good; vigilance of guard, satisfactory.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OTIS S. WILBUR,

First Lieutenant Company A, First Battalion Heavy Artillery Massachusetts Volunteers, Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

The following report of the surgeon of the post is respectfully submitted. The general health of the prisoner is very good, for although the number of cases of sickness reported is pretty large, the great majority of them are but trivial ailments, which would hardly be noticed by the men were they at large. Many, too, are men who came here in feeble health, the result either of hardships in the field or confinement elsewhere, and although the climate here evidently favors

