
to be such as to require more attention to their diet and cleanliness than to the actual administration of medicines, very many of them suffering from chronic diarrhea, combined with the scorbutic disposition, with extreme emaciation as the consequence. The hospital being within the inclosure, it has been found impracticable to administer such diet and give them such attention as they require, as unless constantly watched such diet as is prepared for them is stolen and eaten by the other prisoners. There is a fine stream within a few hundred yards of the present inclosure, across which, in my opinion, there should be made another inclosure, with sufficient hospital buildings, two stories high, to accommodate from 800 to 1,000 patients. Such an inclosure as I should suggest-a plank fence ten feet high-would require but very few additional guards, which guard appears to be the objection urged at Richmond to separate inclosure.

The patients upon their admission into the hospital should be well washed, and a pool arranged on the side of the stream, and furnished only with a clean shirt, with which dress they would hardly attempt to escape. The nurses could be detailed with such discretion that but few would attempt to escape, and with frequent roll-calls would be absent but a few hours before detected, and would be readily caught by the dogs, always at hand for that purpose. I consider the establishment of a hospital outside of the present inclosure as essential to the proper treatment to the sick, and most urgently recommend its immediate construction. I would also recommend the construction of as many bathing-pools within the prison as the stream would warrant, feeling assured, from the appearance of the prisoners, that their use would contribute materially to the health of the bathers. Other improvements would be suggested but for the difficulty of obtaining labor, tools, and materials, but which those above mentioned the urgent necessities of the prison would be supplied.

The bakery just being completed will be the means of furnishing better prepared food, particularly bread, the half-cooked condition of which has doubtless contributed to the continuance of the bowel affections. I will add that as far as I have been able to judge from my short visit, the management of the medical department of the prison, under the direction of Chief Surg. I. H. White, reflects credit upon that officer, who seems well qualified for the position he occupies.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. J. ELDRIDGE,

Chief Surgeon Georgia Reserves.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., May 6, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: A letter has been received at this Department from the Department of State, under date of the 5th instant, transmitting a copy of a communication from the British minister of the 29th ultimo, in which it is represented that there is reason to apprehend that several British subjects captured on board the steamers Don, Mary Ann, and Scotia are still held as prisoners by the United States Government at Camp Hamilton, near Fort Monroe. In order to enable the Department to reply to this allegation, the Secretary of War instructs me to request that you will cause an investigation to be made and the result reported to him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

