
their restoration to health and they almost invariably improve, the prescribed ration is hardly sufficient or of that kind to fully bring up the tone of their systems. Some are also old men, upon whom confinement is a severity. The few who are really sick are cared for in the post hospital, the others in their ordinary 	quarters. This has been rendered necessary because, with the limited number of casemates, it is almost impossible to find room for an extra hospital and kitchen. But it would be much better to have a separate hospital for invalid prisoners, and there are here two buildings under the control of the Engineer Corps at present unoccupied, the smaller of which would be ample for a prisoners' hospital, and which it seems probably will not again in the advanced state of this work be required would suggest that authority be obtained to use it as a hospital so long as it is not use by the engineers.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

A. A. GIBSON,

Major, Third U. S. Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY COMMANDER,Louisville, Ky., December 10, 1864.

Captain S. E. JONES,

Additional Aide-de-Camp and Asst. Com. General of Prisoners:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 10, 1864:

Conduct, good; cleanliness, very clean; clothing, Confederate, good; bedding, blankets, good; state of quarters, good; state of mess-houses, good; state of kitchen, good; food, quality of, good; food, quantity of, full prison ration; water, sufficient; sinks, good; police of grounds, good; drainage, good; police of hospital, good; attendance of sick, Confederate nurses; hospital diet, prison ration; general health of prisoners, good; vigilance of guard, good.

Remarks and suggestions. - On inspecting the military prison I find it in a very clean condition; everything in perfect order. Would suggest that the prison kitchen and dining-room be enlarged, as there is not sufficient room to accommodate the number of prisoners. The prison hospital is conducted splendidly, everything clean and in proper order, and reflects great credit on the officers connected with the prison. The guards' quarters, I must say, are in a very filthy condition. Lieutenant-Colonel Waller, commanding the Twentieth Kentucky Infantry Volunteers, states that he has not men enough to perform the necessary guard duty and has no men for policing. The Twentieth Kentucky numbers 255 men, non-commissioned officers and privates, for duty, 91 men on duty at the fortifications and hospitals, leaving 164 men for duty at the prison, taking 90 men for guard daily. The colonel commanding states that if he had his entire command he would have sufficient men to do all the duty required.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. FOLSOM,

Captain, 101st Illinois Infantry Volunteers, Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Approved and respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

STEPHEN E. JONES,

Captain and Additional Aide-de-Camp, Commanding Military Prison.

