
U. S. MILITARY PRISON,

Camp Morton, Indianapolis, December 11, 1864.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS, Commanding Camp Morton:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 10, 1864:

Conduct, good; cleanliness, good state; clothing, good; bedding, is not sufficient for the extreme cold weather; state of quarters, kept thoroughly policed; state of mess-houses, have none; state of kitchen, good; food, quality of, first class; food, quantity of, sufficient, being issued according to orders; water, sufficient; sinks, not sufficient; police of grounds, through; drainage, complete; police of hospital, thorough; attendance of sick, good; vigilance of guard, thorough.

Remarks and suggestion. - I would respectfully suggest that straw be furnished the prisoners for bedding, as the blankets they have are not sufficient for the extreme cold weather.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

First Lieutenant, Veteran Reserve Corps, Inspector of Camp.

[Indorsement.]

Captain W. T. HARTZ,

Asst. Adjt. General, Deputy Com. General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully state that the purchase of straw for the use of the prisoners has been ordered, owing to the extreme cold weather and upon the recommendation of the surgeon, and every effort will be made to make the prisoners as comfortable as possible in accordance with prison regulations.

The new hospital buildings are greatly needed and will be pushed forward to completion as soon as the weather moderates sufficiently for the carpenters to work outside.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

A. A. STEVENS,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding.

GALVESTON, December 11, 1864.

Colonel CHARLES C. DWIGHT,

Commissioner of Exchange, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi;

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that the army prisoners from Camp Groce arrived here this morning. Boisterous weather prevents my going out with them. As soon as the weather moderates, which I trust will be by to-morrow morning, at furthest, I will be out with the prisoners. Please accept with this, for your perusal, a file of late papers.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IG. SZYMANSKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Agent of Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS SUPERINTENDENT OF PRISON,Johnson's Island, Ohio, December 11, 1864.

Colonel CHARLES W. HILL,

128th Ohio Vol. Infty., Commanding U. S. Forces, Johnson's Island:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of

