
the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 11, 1864:

Conduct, good; cleanliness, good; clothing, comfortable; bedding, half the prisoners without straw, but plenty of blankets; state of quarters, clean; state of mess-houses, clean, but in one some of the tables have been removed by prisoners; state of kitchen, fair; food, quality of, good; food, quantity of, prisoners' ration, except potatoes; water, good; sinks, fair; police of grounds, good, drainage, good; police of hospital, very good; attendance of sick, good; hospital diet, good and abundant; general health of prisoners, good; deaths since last report, one; vigilance of guard, good.

Remarks and suggestions. - I would again recommend that the prisoners be permitted to purchase potatoes from the sutler, as under present regulations the commissary of subsistence has no authority to purchase them and there has been no order dropping them from the prisoners' ration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. SCOVILL,

Lieutenant Colonel 128th Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

The raid upon the tables in the mess-halls is receiving proper attention from the superintendent of the prison. I concur in the purpose of allowing to the prisoners the full prison ration. If this is impracticable, I think they should be allowed to purchase potatoes and onions of the prison sutler. For much of the time during the 8th, 9th, 11th, and 12th the weather has been cold and severe, almost without precedent for this time of the year, and yet the prisoners have been pretty comfortable, except in their mess-halls; they are very cold.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel 128th Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS FORT LAFAYETTE,New York Harbor, December 11, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, U. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Lafayette:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 11, 1864:

Conduct, very good; cleanliness, very good; clothing, good; bedding, iron bedsteads, husk mattresses, blankets, sheets, and pillow; state of quarters, very good; state of mess-houses, cleanly; state of kitchen, cleanly; food, quality of, food, quantity of, circular of June 1, 1864, compiled with; water, excellent (Croton); sinks, cleanly; police of grounds, excellent; drainage, good; police of hospital, no hospital at post, prisoners very sick are sent to Fort Hamilton; attendance of sick, hospital, Doctor Gibson attends to sick every morning; hospital diet, none at post; general Health of prisoners, very good; vigilance of guard, guards vigilant, prisoners verified three times during the night.

Remarks and suggestions. - There are 129 prisoners of war, state prisoners, and blockade-runners confined at Fort Lafayette. Their treatment as regards quarters and exercise is excellent. Everything

