
allowed by existing orders is furnished to them and a food degree of satisfaction is expressed by them for the uniform excellence of their treatment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. WILKINS CARTER,

First Lieutenant, Seventh U. S. Infty., Post Adjt. and Insp. Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Treatment, &amp;c., in accordance with instructions received is strictly carried out.
HEADQUARTERS PRISON CAMP,Elmira, N. Y., December 11, 1864.

Colonel B. F. TRACY, Commanding Depot Prisoners of War:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 11, 1864:

Conduct, good; cleanliness, fair; clothing, comfortable; bedding, fair; state of quarters, fair and improving, all in barracks but 1,100; state of mess-houses, good; state of kitchen, good; food, quality of, fair; food, quantity of, fair; water, good; sinks, good; police of grounds, undergoing new grading and draining; drainage, improving; police of hospital, good; attendance of sick, good; hospital diet, good; general health of prisoners, hospitals full and mortality increasing; vigilance of guard, good.

Remarks and suggestions. - During the week there were three buildings erected, the last of which is incomplete, not having lumber on hand to finish it. One of those which is completed is unoccupied, there being no stoves to put in it. There was clothing issued during the week as follows: 2,500 jackets, 2,00 pair pants, 3,011 shorts, 1,216 pair drawers, 6,065 pair socks, 3,938 blankets, 162 greatcoats. The prisoners are now well clothed, having all that is requisite for their comfort, except a few pairs of pants.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. BORDEN,

Captain, Eighty-third Pennsylvania Vols., Actg. Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Stoves for the new wards have been ordered and are expected in a few days.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

B. F. TRACY,

Colonel 127th U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Depot Prisoners of War.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. MILITARY PRISON,Camp Sumter, Ga., December 11, 1864.

Colonel A. W. PERSONS, Commanding, Fort Valley, Ga.:

COLONEL: In reply to your communication asking for a detail of carpenters from among the paroled prisoners at this post for the purpose of rebuilding a mill, I have the honor to state that we have no

