
machinists or millwrights, but if common carpenters will be of any benefit to you please let me know how many you want, and when you do want them. Send some trusty man here with an order for the men, and I will turn them over to him with the understanding that you assume the responsibility for their behavior whilst they stay at Fort Valley, and that you will return them if I should be compelled to recall them before they could have done the job. This is necessary as most of the men are to be exchanged as soon as I receive orders, as they are from the class of those whose terms of service have expired.

I remain, colonel, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. WIRZ,

Captain, Commanding Prison.

WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF MILITARY JUSTICE,

December 12, 1864.

The SECRETARY OF WAR FOR THE PRESIDENT:

Harrison H. Dodd, citizen of Indiana, was tried in September last by military commission, in session at Indianapolis, on the following charges:

1. Conspiracy against the United States. - First. In organizing the Order of Sons of Liberty. Second, In combining with others to extend such order. Third. In conspiring to overthrow the United States Government by establishing said order. Fourth. In conspiring with others to seize the U. S. arsenals at Camp Douglas, Camp Morton, and elsewhere, and, having armed them, to co-operate with the rebel forces in the invasion of Kentucky.

2. Affording aid and comfort to rebels against the authority of the United States. - First. In arranging with the rebel forces, while grand commander of the Sons of Liberty in Indiana, an armed invasion of the United States. Second. In arranging a system of couriers, by whom the said order was to be rapidly called together to assist in such invasion. Third. In attempting to extent said order into Kentucky when in danger of invasion. Fourth. In joining said order, knowing its design to be hostile to the Government, and communicating its projects and purpose to those in rebellion.

3. Inciting insurrection. - First. In arming the society of Sons of Liberty, with intent to array them against the Government. Second. In exciting said order to violence by disloyal writings and addresses.

4. Disloyal practices. - First. In counseling resistance to the draft. Second. In accepting the office of grand commander of the order in Indiana. Third. In appointing certain persons to various high military positions in said order. Fourth. In recognizing as his highest military authority an officer unknown to the laws of the land, styled the commander-in-chief of all military forces belonging to said order. Fifth. The attempting to prevent enlistments in causing others to take an oath inconsistent with their duties as citizens, and in attempting to arm certain disloyal citizens for the purpose of resisting the laws of the United States.

5. Violation of the laws of war. - First. In attempting to introduce armed enemies into the loyal States of the Union. second. In organizing a secret order to assist the rebellion.

The accused object to the jurisdiction of the commission, but his plea was properly overruled. He then entered a general plea of not

