
proceed to a verdict at all events in his absence, and the judge cites the cases above quoted in support of his decision. It is believed, on the foregoing authorities, as well as on the principles by which military courts are conducted, by their practice in all cases and from the reason of the thing, that the action of the commission in the case now under review was legal and justifiable. It is recommended that the sentence be approved. As the prisoners is not now in custody and is believed to be in Canada, its enforcement at present is an impossibility.

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.

OFF GALVESTON, December 12, 1864.

Colonel C. C. DWIGHT,

Agent of Exchange, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of this date, and in reply have to say that I will deliver to you off Galveston on the 19th instant the prisoners now at Camp Groce, say, naval and teamsters.

You will thus have ample time to complete your arrangements and dispatch a steamer here to receive them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IG. SZYMANSKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Agent of Exchange, Trans-Mississippi Department, C. S. Army.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 12, 1864.

Colonel B. F. TRACY,

Commanding Depot Prisoners of war, Elmira, N. Y.:

COLONEL: Your communication of 1st instant, with requisition for clothing for issue to prisoners of war, has been received. By mutual agreement between the U. S. and rebel authorities a large amount of cotton has been shipped for New York and an officer designated of clothing, &amp;c., for the comfort of rebel prisoners of war. In view of this fact it is desirable that no more clothing shall be provided by the Government than is absolutely demanded by the ordinary dictates of humanity. You will please report your views on this subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. WESSELS,

Brigadier General of Volunteers and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Mobile, Ala., December 12, 1864.

General GORDON GRANGER:

GENERAL: I had the honor on yesterday to receive your letter with its inclosures relative to the agreement which has been made between the authorities of this Confederacy and those of the United States to exchange cotton for such supplies as the prisoners of the Confederate States now held by the Unite States Government may require.

77 R R - SERIES II, VOL VII

