
I have no objection to offer to the suggestions made by you as to the manner in which this transfer of the cotton shall be made. I have made such arrangements as will enable me within the shortest practicable time to place the cotton in your hands.

I will duly apprise you of the time and place of the transfer, and should any modification of your suggestions be necessary will notify you of it.

I hope that you will give such instructions to the naval commandant of the fleet lying off this city as will obviate unnecessary delays.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, a., December 12, 1864.

Brigadier General J. H. WINDER, Augusta, Ga.:

(Care of General Fry, who will please forward.)

General Orders, Numbers 84, do not revoke the special orders placing General Gardner in charge of the military prisons east of Georgia. They do not relieve him, but place him under your command.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 13, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commissioner of Exchange, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 2nd instant in reference to a declaration of exchange by the rebel authorities of all prisoners of war delivered into their hands up to the 25th of November last. This letter was at once submitted by me to the secretary of War, and by him referred to Major-General Halleck, chief of staff, who directed that a similar declaration should be issued by the Adjutant-General of the Army.

A copy of the orders is herewith inclosed. *

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier General, U. S. Vols., Inspector and Com. General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 13, 1864.

Captain S. E. JONES,

Additional Aide-de-Camp, Commanding U. S. Mil. Prison, Louisville, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: The inspection report of the military prison at Louisville, Ky., for the 3rd instant has been received. If your guard is insufficient for the safe-keeping of prisoners in your hands, make application to the department commander for an additional force, stating the circumstances. As active operations are now going on in the field, very few troops are available for prison guards.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier General, U. S. Vols., Inspector and Com. General of Prisoners.

---------------

* See p. 1178.

---------------

