
WASHINGTON, D. C., December 13, 1864.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS,

Commanding Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind.:

COLONEL: The inspection report of Camp Morton, Ind., for the 3rd instant has been received. If you find it impracticable to use the portable sinks during the prevalence of extreme cold weather you are authorized to excavate and construct temporary ones. The excavations should be deep and the structures of the most economical description, the whole to be in readiness for filling up or removal as soon as the necessity for their use no longer exists.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier General, U. S. Vols., Inspector and Com. General of Prisoners.

RICHMOND, VA., December 13, 1864.

Honorable Z. B. VANCE:

DEAR SIR: Your letter of the 5th instant has just been received. I hope and believe the efforts of the Confederate Government will be sufficient to supply the wants of all our soldiers in captivity. At the same time I see no objection to your good old State contributing what quota of means she chooses to aid the Confederate fund.

I do not think the U. S. authorities will allow you to ship the cotton. The Confederate authorities will, however, make a shipment on a U. S. vessel from some port hereafter to be designated. You can send on the same vessel what cotton you may name. You, however, will experience great difficulty in distributing the proceeds of the ale amongst North Carolina soldiers. They are scattered amongst al the Federal prisons, some twenty in number. It will give me pleasure to aid you in any endeavors you may make for the relief of your people.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

(Similar letter to Honorable E. D. Hall.)
HEADQUARTERS PRISONS EAST OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Salisbury, N. C., December 13, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that having inspected at Florence, from whence my last communication was dated, I proceeded where I now am.

I am sorry to say I fear I shall be detained some days, as I find an unpleasant state of things among the officers. Indeed I fear I shall be obliged to assume command of the post for a short time, but this I shall not do unless forced to it.

In my communication from Florence I spoke of the unfitness of both that place and this as sites for prisons.

I will now state at some length the reasons why I hold that opinion. The site at this place is very objectionable for six reasons, either of which I think conclusive:

1. There is a scarcity of water, as the wells fail a sufficient supply for the number of prisoners even now here.

2. There is not nor can there be a place for sinks, as there is no stream, and the sinks have the be dug inside, or if outside could only be removed a few feet. The stretch is insupportable both to the prisoners and the people in the vicinity.

