
the act to be promptly and successfully effected. When so much good could thus be done to our noble soldiers and no harm will result to the Confederate authorities or our cause, I feel confident not only no objection will be interposed, but cordial assistance and co-operation will be given.

Rev. I. T. Tichenor, of this city, will accompany Mr. Lehman, as assistant. I ask the same passport and facilities for him which may be given Mr. Lehman.

I have the honor to remain, with great regard, your friend and obedient servant,

T. H. WATTS,

Governor of Alabama.

[First indorsement.]

AIDE-DE-CAMP:

What has been the result of this?

J. D.

[Second indorsement.]

Mr. Lehman upon his arrival stated the he had the funds and would go immediately on and administer to the wants of the Alabama prisoners, and that the cotton could be afterward shipped if permitted by the Government. Efforts were made to pass him through the lines for the purpose indicated, but General Grant refused, upon the grounds that he could only permit the Confederate authorities through the proper commissioned of exchange to transact such business. In the meantime the Confederate Government had made arrangements, with the consent of the United States Government, to ship 1,000 bales and conditioned and agreement to ship 1,500 more for the benefit of the prisoners, signifying the or willingness that the agents of Alabama might take a portion of the cotton if desired. Obstacles were subsequently placed in the way of this arrangement by the United States Government, and the cotton was not shipped.

[Third indorsement.]

AIDE-DE-CAMP:

Prepare an answer to the Governor as a matter of courtesy, if being probable that he is already informed through his agents.

J. D.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

AN ACT to provide clothing for Confederate soldiers from the State of Alabama in Federal prisons.

SECTION I. Be it enacted by the Senate and the House of Representatives of the States of Alabama in General Assembly convened, That it shall be the duty of the Governor, immediately after the passage of this act, to address a communication to the Secretary of War for the purpose of ascertaining whether an arrangement has been made with the United States by which the soldiers of the Confederate States in Federal prisons can be provided with suitable clothing and blankets, and if so, whether the Confederate Government will be able promptly and amply to provide for soldiers from this State.

SEC. II. Be it further enacted, That if the Governor shall ascertain to his satisfaction that the Confederate Government cannot make such provision for the soldiers from this State, in that event the Governor shall be, and is hereby, empowered and required to make such arrange-

