
SEC. VII. Be it further enacted, That to carry this act into effect the sum of five hundred thousand dollars, or so much thereof as may be necessary, be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of the Treasury, on the warrior.

SEC. VIII. Be it further enacted, That should a vacancy occur in the office of agent provided by this act the Governor shall appoint an agent to fill said office, who shall, before entering upon the duties of his office, give bond as required of the agent herein appointed.

Approved December 10, 1864.

[SEAL.]

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

AN ACT amendatory of and supplemental to an act therein named, relating to clothing for Alabama soldiers in Northern prisons.

SECTION I. Be it enacted by the Senate and the House of Representatives of the State of Alabama in General Assembly convened, That the communication which the first section of the act entitled "An act to provide clothing for Confederate soldiers from the State of Alabama in Federal prisons," approved December 10, 1864 [authorizes], and all that relates to such communication, be, and the same is hereby, dispensed with and set aside; and the Governor is hereby authorized to proceed forthwith to execute and carry into effect all the other provisions of said act, without waiting upon the Secretary of War or Confederate Government, or upon any arrangement from that quarter.

Approved December 13, 1864.

[SEAL.]

NEW YORK, December 15, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to forward an application of General Beall for assistance in the distribution of supplies to the Confederate prisoners of war.

It will be impossible to carry out strictly the terms of the arrangement at those prisons where there are no commissioned officers, and there seems to be an absolute necessity for making some other provision for such cases.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HALBERT E. PAINE,

Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, December 20, 1864.

Forwarded to Commissary-General of Prisoners, with copy of reply. *

Respectfully,J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

Returned to Headquarters of the Army December 29, 1864.

---------------

* See Halleck to Paine, December 20, p. 1248.

---------------

