
RICHMOND, December 15, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN C. VAUGHAN:

SIR: I regret that I cannot give me approval to the recent agreement made between Brigadier General S. P. Carter and yourself in relation to East Tennessee prisoners. *

Whilst it requires that all "Union citizens of East Tennessee who are held by the Confederate authorities" shall be released, there is no corresponding stipulation in respect to our own loyal people. It is well known that a large number of Confederate citizens have been arrested by the U. S. military authorities in East Tennessee and turned over to the State for indictment. Most of the Union men whom we hold were arrested in retaliation, and in fact are held as hostages for such persons. The agreement not only leaves such as have been turned over to the State authorities to an almost hopeless captivity, but fails to require the release of all other citizen prisoners. The Federals only agree to deliver the hostages. It is believed there are some, if not many, loyal Confederates now in confinement who have not been turned over to the State and who are not held as hostages. As to such General Carter only agrees "to use his best efforts" for their release.

The Confederate authorities are willing to enter into an agreement for the release of all citizens or political prisoners on both sides belonging to East Tennessee. They cannot be charged with any want of liberality in this proposition, as it is generally conceded that the larger part of the population of that country, not under arms, is hostile to us.

Captain Shad. Harris is a deserter from our service; he was tried as such and condemned to death. The mercy of the President saved him from a just doom.

Captain battle is unjustly held as hostages. To give up Harris for Battle would strengthen the hands of the enemy in the avowed purpose of contesting our right to try deserters from our service. Captain Rogers is now safe within our lines.

The fifth section of the agreement, d, I am afraid, lead to difficult. What is meant by conforming to the "requirements of the authorities?" We and the enemy will in all probability give very different constructions to such a phrase and thus again precipitate what we wish to avoid.

In the event of your inability to secure general release of citizen prisoners belonging to East Tennessee, including Mr. Heiskell, I approve of your desire "to arrest a number of prominent men as hostages. "

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS OF PRISONS EAST OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Salisbury, N. C., December 15, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I most respectfully ask the attention of the Department to the destitute condition of the prisoners of war at all the prisons in regard to clothing and blankets. They are suffering very much for want of them. I hope some measures may be immediately taken to supply the want.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

* See December 1, p. 1175.

---------------

