HEADQUARTERS POST, Salisbury, N. C., December 15, 1864.

General J. H. WINDER, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

GENERAL: In obedience to orders I have the honor respectfully to state that on the 25th ultimo the prisoners of war confined in C. S. military prison at this place made a desperate attempt to escape by overpowering the relief guard of nine men and sergeant as they were coming out of the prison after relieving the guard stationed in the prison for the purpose of guarding hospitals, water, separating prisoners, and enforcing proper policing.

They succeeded in getting possession of most of the guns and commenced an attack on the sentinels on the parapet at the same time that a rush of about 1,000 was made for the water gate and that part of the fence near the sinks where there are no troops encamped. The guard consisting of reserves, were with difficulty got to fire upon them, some of them throwing down their arms and running off.

By great exertions, however, a few were induced to fire, which with three discharges from two 6-pounders were sufficient to quell the revolt.

One of the pieces was loaded with a shell which failed to explode, struck the ground and ricochetted into the town, doing no damage. The two other discharges were of canister.

The result of the affair was 2 of the guard killed, 1 mortally wounded, and some 8 or 10 slightly wounded.

The prisoners had 13 killed, 3 mortally wounded, and 60 others wounded. Three ringleaders, who were arrested after the disturbance was over, were sent to Major Carrington, Richmond.

I beg leave to call to the attention of the general commanding the praiseworthy conduct of two convicts, one of whom, Northwood, fired the first gun at the prisoners, which gun had been abandoned by a sentinels on the parapet. The other, Wilson, killed the prisoner who killed the sergeant of the guard.

Also similar conduct on the part of three Federal deserters, viz, Victor Cent, James Murphy, and Count Manano, the first named killing one prisoner and wounding another.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO H. GEE,

Major, Commanding Post.

GENERAL ORDERS, OFFICE COM. GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Numbers 3. Washington, D. C., December 16, 1864.

Arrangements having been made between the United States Government and the rebel authorities by which each is to supply its own prisoners of war with necessary supplies, and Brigadier General H. E. Paine, on the part of the Federal Government, and Brigadier General William N. R. Beall, on the party of the rebel authorities, having been appointed agents to carry out these arrangements, every necessary and proper facility for the purpose will be given by the commanding officers of the various military prisons when request is made or properly authorized by Brigadier-General Paine.

By order H. W. Wessells, brigadier-general, U. S. Volunteers, Inspector and Commissary-General of Prisoners:

G. BLAGDEN,

Major, Second Massachusetts Cavalry, Assistant to Inspector and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

