
OFFICE U. S. ASST. AGENT FOR EX. OF PRISONERS, FLAG-OF-TRUCE STEAMER NEW YORK,

Charleston Harbor, S. C., December 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Commanding Northern District, Department of the South:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that the truce arranged between myself and the Confederate authorities in the harbor of Charleston, S. C., for business pertaining to the exchange of prisoners of war, will, by agreement, terminate at 10 a. m. on Saturday, December 17, 1864, at which time the status existing previous to the establishment of this truce may be resumed by the respective bellingerents.

This notice is final and official.

Thanking you for your kind co-operation and courtesies extend to me during my presence in Charleston Harbor,

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO E. MULFORD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and U. S. Assistant Agent for Exchange.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 16, 1864.

LAZ. NOBLE,

Adjutant-General State of Indiana, Indianapolis, Ind.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 2nd instant I have the honor to inform you, by direction of the Commissary-General of Prisoner, that directions for the discharge of the Vicksburg prisoners referred to have already been given by the Secretary of War. The order for their release will be issued as soon as the necessary rolls can be received from Camp Morton, Ind.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. BLAGDEN,

Major, Second Mass. Cav., Asst. to Com. General of Prisoners.

ANNAPOLIS, December 16, 1864 -10 p. m.

Brigadier-General WESSELLS,

Commissary-General of Prisoners:

The steamer Varuna has just arrived with 800 paroled prisoners of war. No officers among them. The men are in very fair condition.

A. R. ROOT,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., December 16, 1864.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: With reference to your letter of the 23rd ultimo, in which you assent to the carrying into effect of all arrangements for exchange made before the receipt of General Grant's order at these headquarters, I have the honor, by direction of the major-general commanding (who is confined to his quarters in consequence of wounds), to request that you will be pleased to forward to us for exchange the prisoners referred to in Articles II and III of the cartel of July 28, 1864, viz, first, the prisoners captured at Helena, Ark., July 4, 1863; second, all the prisoners captured by the forces of Major-General Steele in the Department of Arkansas prior to July 28, 1864, and now confined in Northern stations. Also the officers (Major Shannon and others), supposed to be

