
in number, captured at Fort Butler, Donaldsonville, La., in June 1863, who are still confined at Johnson's Island. The exchange of these officers was agreed upon by the cartel of January 4, 1864.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - The commanding general also request that Private George A. Preston, of the rebel Signal Corps [sic], on the 16th of August last, at Fort Warren, may be sent down here, as an advantageous special exchange can be mae with him.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

DECEMBER 27, 1864.

The request within, being in accordance with the decision of the Secretary of War, in sent to General Wessells, Commissary-General of Prisoners, for execution.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY CORPS,In front of Murfreesborough, December 16, 1864.

Major General L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Murfreesborough:

GENERAL: I have captured recently a good many Federal prisoners belonging to your command, and who, being unable to make the marches required to get them to a Southern prison, are very anxious for an exchange. I am informed, also, that you have some of my command, as well as other soldiers of the Confederate Army, prisoners now in your hands. For the sake of humanity on behalf of both parties I now propose to exchange prisoners, man for man, rank for rank, as far as the prisoners you have may hold out. Any special officer or soldier whom you may desire exchanged in this way I will forward to you if they be under my control. I ask as a special favor that Mrs. Dave Spence, who is now in Murfreesborough, be allowed to come through your lines to see her husband, who is now very ill and exceedingly desirous to see her. Mrs. Spence, if allowed to come out, will find her husband at Doctor Manson's.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE,Murfreesborough, Tenn., December 16, 1864.

Major General N. B. FORREST,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: Your communication of this date by flag of truce is received. I accept your proposition to exchange prisoners man for man, rank for rank. Accompanying this is a list of prisoners of war now in custody here and for exchange. I desire that such of the Sixty-first Illinois and Michigan Engineers as were captured in the affair on the railroad of yesterday may be first exchanged, and after that as far as my prisoners will go to exchanged for those of the One hundred and

78 R R - SERIES II, VOL VII

