
fifteenth Ohio Volunteers, captured on railroad between here and Nashville. In this connection I call your attention to the capture of the railroad employees on train captured on yesterday morning, and to G. D. Smith and Mr. Follen taken away from farms near this place. These men are citizens, the latter two having no connection with the Government service, and against whom there are no charges that I have heard of. I suppose there will be no objection to releasing the employees as well as Smith and Follen, but if you deem it your duty to hold them, or any of them, I shall feel myself called upon to arrest and hold in custody as hostages at least as many rebels as their number may amount to. I also call your attention to the capture of certain guards, invalid soldiers, placed at the houses of citizens to prevent marauding, and who were assured that they would not be disturbed by your forces. As a part of the police of the country I think they should not have been captured, and respectfully ask that they be discharged without exchange. I hope the Federal prisoners exchanged will be allowed to bring back the clothing and private property they had when captured, as I shall certainly see that the Confederate soldiers are so treated. I shall comply with your request and allow Mrs. Spence to go at once to her husband. Captain McConnell, of my staff, accompanied by Lieutenant Sheets, of Van Cleve's staff, will deliver this communication. The place of exchange may be fixed by Captain McConnell for me.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAS DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., December 16, 1864.

His Excellency M. L. BONHAM,

Governor of South Carolina, Columbia, S. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 8th instant, informing the Department of your having turned over to General Sam. Jones the negro prisoners, as was suggested in my letter of the 31st of August last to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CIRCULAR.] OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., December 17, 1864.

Circular of June 1, 1864, from this office, is so far modified as to permit the issued of a proportionate ration of salt beef in lieu of the ration of pork or bacon now allowed to prisoners of war.

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier General, U. S. Vols., Inspector and Com. General of Prisoners.

ANNAPOLIS, MD., December 17, 1864 - 12. 50 p. m.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS,

Commissary-General of Prisoners:

The steamer Norther Light has just arrived with 700 paroled prisoners of war, including 100 officers. The men are in poor condition, with many hospital cases.

A. R. ROOT,

Colonel, Commanding.

