HEADQUARTERS FORT WARREN,Boston Harbor, December 17, 1864.

Major A. A. GIBSON, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending Saturday, December 17, 1864:

Conduct - orderly. Cleanliness - satisfactory. Clothing - in as good order as the limited allowance will permit. Bedding - generally in good order. State of quarters - as neat and clean as the crowded condition will allow. State of mess-houses - clean and well conducted. State of kitchen - clean and well conducted. Food, quality of - good. Food, quantity of - the full allowance. Water - good and plentiful. Sinks - in good order and regularly policed. Police of grounds - every morning thoroughly. Drainage - excellent. Police of hospital - no special hospital for prisoners. Attendance of sick - regular. Hospital diet as order by surgeon in charge - good. General health of prisoners - good. Vigilance of guard - satisfactory.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OTIS S. WILBUR,

First Lieutenant Company A, First Battalion Heavy Artillery Massachusetts Volunteers, Inspecting Officer.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, JOHNSON'S ISLAND AND SANDUSKY,Johnson's Island, Ohio, December 17, 1864.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS,

Inspector and Com. General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of the 10th instant I have the honor to report that the result of a careful examination of the officers records on file in the office of the superintendent of prison rolls and correspondence shows that up to the present date 7,377 prisoners of war have been received at this depot, among whom 198 deaths have occurred, the prevailing diseases being pneumonia, typhoid, and camp fevers, and chronic dysentery, about 90 per cent. of the whole number of deaths being attributed to these causes, and in the majority of cases the disease had been contracted before imprisonment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP CHASE,Near Columbus, Ohio, December 17, 1864.

Colonel W. P. RICHARDSON, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 17, 1864:

Conduct - fair. Cleanliness - moderate. Clothing - generally in good condition. State of quarters - comfortable and tolerably well policed. State of mess-houses - fair. State of kitchen - wanting in furniture, but is being supplied. Food, quality of - good. Food, quantity of - sufficient. Water - fair supply. Sinks - in good condition. Police of grounds - fair. Drainage - tolerable, undergoing improvement. Police of hospital - good. Attendance of sick - all that is necessary. Hospital diet - very good. General health of prisoners - improving. Vigilance of guard - unexceptionable.

