
Remarks and suggestions. - The present state of weather renders it difficult to progress as rapidly with the improvements that are being made in the prison and other parts of the garrison as would be desirable, yet under the efficient and well selected operatives at the different posts of duty we hope soon to be enabled to report our winter quarters complete. The bunks in Prison 2 have been furnished with straw, and in Prison 3 the bunks are being arranged so as to be supplied with straw in a very short time. There are five rangers yet to be built in the kitchens in Prison 3, but the material is being furnished and the work will be speedily completed. The wash-room will soon be improved so as to afford every facility for cleanliness.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. K. ALLEN,

Captain, Eighty-eighth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infty., Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

The remarks of the inspecting officer are so full as to render it unnecessary for me to add much. Notwithstanding the efforts that have been made to remove it, smallpox still prevails to some extent. The surgeon in charge reports that he will soon have it exterminated. The means employed is vaccination of all the prisoners.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY COMMANDER,Louisville, Ky., December 17, 1864.

Captain S. E. JONES,

Additional Aide-de-Camp and Asst. Com. General of Prisoners:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this statio for the week ending December 17, 1864:

Conduct - good. Cleanliness - good. Clothing - Confederate. Bedding - good. State of quarters - good. State of mess-houses - good. State of kitchen - good. Food, quality of- good. Food, quantity of - full prison ration. Water - sufficient. Sinks - clean. Police of grounds - good. Drainage - good. Police of hospital - good. Attendance of sick - Confederate nurses. Hospital diet - prison ration. General Health of prisoners - good. Vigilance of guard - good.

Remarks and suggestions. - I have carefully inspected the military prison and quarters occupied by the troops and find the prison in perfect order, which reflects great credit on Captain Pratt for the energy shown in keeping the prison clean and in good order. The hospital department is clean and in good condition. There is great improvement in the guards' quarters, but there is still room for more. The arms are not in the condition they should be. The colonel commanding states that the guards have been strengthened, but have not had time to put arms and quarters in orders. Found the men at work cleaning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. FOLSOM,

Captain, 101st Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

This report is approved. The guard at the prison has been somewhat strengthened, though it is still inadequate. The demand for active operations in the field for all the troops in this department has been

