
so great that I have not made requisition upon the general commanding to have additional troops detailed for guard here, as instructed in letter from Inspector and Commissary-General of Prisoners, December 13, 1864. Captain Pratt, the officer so highly and deservedly complimented in this report, is the executive officer at the prison charged with the immediate and personal supervision of the executive of all my orders.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

STEPHEN E. JONES,

Captain and Additional Aide-de-Camp, Commanding Military Prison.
HEADQUARTERS DEPOT FOR PRISONERS OF WAR,Elmira, N. Y., December 17, 1864.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS,

Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: In answer to your communication dated December 7, 1864, requiring estimate of cost of ceiling hospital wards in prison camps, and report also of the advantages to be derived from subsisting coal stoves for wood; how many will be required and what can be done with the stoves displaced by substitution, I have the honor to report: First, that the probable cost of ceiling hospital wards will be $3,500. The advantages of coal over wood are, first, it is more economical by one-fourth at least; it is more economical by one-fourth at least; it is more secure against fire, which I consider very important. If our barracks should get on fire I do not see how we could prevent most of the camps from burning. There are forty-two wood stoves to be replaced by coal stoves in old barracks. They can be used by Government where wood stoves are needed, but could be sold for but little more than old iron. Deeming your instructions sufficient to warrant the ceiling, I have commenced the work and it is now being put on.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. TRACY,

Colonel, Commanding Depot.

OFFICE QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL, STATE OF ALABAMA,

Mobile, December 17, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER U. S. FORCES NEAR MOBILE:

GENERAL: The Legislature of the State of Alabama has appropriated a sum of money with which to provide clothing, provisions, and necessary comforts to the soldiers of Alabama who may be prisoners of the United States at Ship Island.

I am directed by His Excellency Governor Thomas H. watts to proceed to Ship Island and learn by personal examination the wants and necessities of the Alabamians there confined, provided I can obtain the permission of the officer commanding the U. S. forces. I have therefore the honor to ask of you permission and further to ask that I may be permitted to ship into New Orleans and there sell 200 bales of cotton, the proceeds of which will be devoted exclusively to purchasing such clothing, provisions, and other supplies as I may find on examination the troops from Alabama may require. I further ask, as I am only a State and not a Confederate officer, that I may be permitted to go into New Orleans and make the purchase in person.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DUFF C. GREEN,

Brigadier-General and Quartermaster-General of Alabama.

