
SALISBURY, December 17, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

I will communicate with General Beauregard, but I have already ordered the prisoners to Andersonville.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON, December 17, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

What shall be done with money for Federal officers (prisoners of war) received by flag of truce remaining in our hands? Officers not in Columbia.

R. W. MEMINGER,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]

Fort Lieutenant-General Hardee.

Respectfully submitted to Judge Ould.

JOHN W. RIELY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

DECEMBER 21, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Adjutant and Inspector General.

This money had better be sent to this Bureau. I am now making inquiries for the purpose of ascertaining beyond doubt whether the Federal authorities have heretofore confiscated money sent North to our prisoners, and also what course will be followed hereafter by the Federal authorities as to contributions of money. If it is found out that money has been confiscated then this fund should be used to reimburse the proper parties. If it has not been, it should be sent by flag of truce to the proper parties.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

GENERAL ORDERS, CAMP ASYLUM, Numbers -. C. S. Prison, December 17, 1864.

I. The amount of money to be drawn by prisoners of war from the quartermaster is limited as follows to each prisoner, viz: In gold and exchange, $2. 50 per week; in Confederate money, $100 per week, until further orders.

II. The prisoners will drawn an order upon Captain J. S. Richardson,

assistant quartermaster, payable to themselves, which will be approved by the commandant of the prison, and the amount, when received, will be paid over to them.

III. The amount thus limited will not prevent prisoners from giving order to the sutler for necessaries actually purchased by them, which orders will be approved by the commandant of the prison and the money paid to the sutler.

IV. The sutler is strictly forbidden from paying or giving money to the prisoners on any pretext whatever.

E. GRISWOLD,

Major, Commanding Prison.

T. P. HALLER,

Lieutenant and Assistant Adjutant.

