SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. C. S. MILITARY PRISONS, EAST OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 6. Salisbury, N. C., December 17, 1864.

I. Brigadier General Bradley T. Johnson having, in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 282, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, November 28, 1864, reported for duty, will assume command of the post and prison at Salisbury, N. C.

JNO H. WINDER,Brigadier-General and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY PRISON,

Elmira, N. Y., December 18, 1864.

Colonel B. F. TRACY, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 18, 1864:

Conduct - good. Cleanliness -much improved. Clothing - good, most having plenty, except overcoats, and those are on hand. Bedding - very fair, most of the men having one new and one old blanket. State of quarters - new barracks, good; old ones need some repairs, but are well policed. State of mess-houses - very good, clean and warm. State of kitchen - good; hospital kitchen, excellent. Food, quality of - good, except beef, which was only fair. Food, quantity of - abundant for men who have nothing to go. Water - excellent and plenty of it. Sinks - very fair. Police of grounds - much better than I have seen it. Tents - all taken down this side of the pond. Drainage - good. Police of hospital - not what it should be. Attendance of sick plenty of nurses, and most of them good. Hospital diet - very good; have heard but one man complain. General health of prisoners is poor, col weather causing much sickness. Vigilance of guard - good.

Remarks and suggestions. - Found seventy men in the convalescent wards lying on the floor for want of bunks. There are a number of cases of smallpox. One man died of it and was buried within the inclosure. One hundred and one prisoners arrived on Saturday without any blankets, having had them taken from them and told they would receive others on their arrival here. Some were thinly clad. Issued blankets to them to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. JORDAN,

Captain, Twenty-ninth Maine Veteran Vols., Inspecting Officer.
HEADQUARTERS SUPERINTENDENT OF PRISON,Johnson's Island, Ohio, december 18, 1864.

Colonel C. W. HILL,

128th Ohio Vol. Infty., Commanding U. S. Forces, Johnson's Island and Sandusky:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 18, 1864:

Conduct- good. Cleanliness - good. Clothing - comfortable. Bedding - insufficient on account of want of straw. State of quarters - five blocks clean, four fair, and three not clean. State of mess-houses, Nos. 1 and 4 - fair; 2 and 3 - dirty. State of kitchen not clean except

