
one, and want stoves. Food, quality of - good. Food, quantity of - prisoners' ration. water - lake. Sinks - fair. Police of grounds - not good on account of weather. Drainage - good. Police of hospital - good. Attendance of sick - good. Hospital diet - good and abundant. General health of prisoners - good. Vigilance of guard - good.

Remarks and suggestions. - Whole number of prisoners, 2,885; number in hospital, 54; number deaths since last report, 4, one of which number was killed by the guard in an attempt to escape.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. SCOVILL,

Lieutenant Colonel 128th Ohio Vol. Infantry and Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

The investigations which I was making in person and by the aid of the acting assistant inspector-general at this post, for whose report as to the condition of the prison and prisoners I was waiting, and the incidents of the outbreak which resulted in the killing of Lieutenant John as having been killed by the guard, with several other causes of unavoidable interruption of the usual routine, have unexpectedly delayed the intended comments upon and forwarding of this report. If I had expected so much delay I should have forwarded it at once. I shall have to take still further time to make my report upon the outbreak in the prison on the 13th instant. Efforts have been made to supply the wants mentioned by the superintendent. I find that to a limited extent cooking away from the kitchens and in some of the barracks has been going on, contrary to orders. I have given orders to cut off rations to the messes who thus violate orders, or who destroy Government property or refuse to police, if the other means tried fail, and have no doubt of success.

Respectfully, referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel 128th Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS FORT LAFAYETTE,New York Harbor, December 18, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, U. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Lafayette:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 18, 1864:

Conduct - very good. Cleanliness - generally very good. Clothing - good. Bedding - iron bedsteads, husk mattresses, blankets, sheets, and pillows. State of quarters - very good. State of mess-houses - very good. State of kitchen - very good. Food, quality of - good. Food, quantity of - circular of June 1, 1864, complied with. water- excellent (Croton). Sinks - very good. Police of grounds - excellent. Drainage - good. Police of hospital - no hospital at post; prisoners very sick are sent to Fort Hamilton. Attendance of sick, hospital - Doctor Gibson attends to sick every morning. Hospital diet - none at post. General health of prisoners - very good. Vigilance of guard - guards vigilant, prisoners verified three times during the night.

Remarks and suggestions. - There are fifty-four prisoners confined at Fort Lafayette, consisting of prisoners of war and state. Their treatment as regards quarters and exercise is excellent; everything allowed

