
by existing orders is furnished to them, and a good degree of satisfaction is expressed by them for the uniform excellence of their treatment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES STEELHAMMER,

First Lieutenant, Seventeenth U. s. Infty., Post adjt. and Insp. Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Treatment, &amp;c., in accordance with instructions received is strictly complied with.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP MORTON,Indianapolis, Ind., December 18, 1864.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS, Commanding Camp Morton:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 17, 1864:

Conduct - good. Cleanliness - good. Clothing - good. Bedding - good. State of quarters - kept well policed. State of mess-houses -have none. State of kitchen - good. Food, quality of - first-class. Food quantity of - sufficient. Water - good and sufficient quantity. Sinks - not sufficient. Police of grounds - good. Drainage - complete. Police of hospital - good. Attendance of sick - good. Hospital - first class. General health of prisoners - good. Vigilance of guard - good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

First Lieutenant Co. D, Fifth Regiment Vet. Reserve Corps, Insp. Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Captain W. T. HARTZ, Assistant Adjutant-General, Deputy Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in obedience to instructions received from the Commissary-General of Prisoners excavations for temporary sinks are being constructed for temporary use during the cold weather. The materials for the new hospital wards are being collected as fast as possible, and should the weather permit the work will be hurried forward as fast as possible.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

A. A. STEVENS,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Vet. Reserve Corps, Commanding Camp Morton.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP DOUGLAS,Chicago, Ill., December 18, 1864.

Colonel B. J. SWEET, Commanding Post, Chicago, Ill.:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 18, 1864:

Conduct - good. Cleanliness - fair. Clothing - comfortable, except those recently received. Bedding - a great number have an insufficient amount of bedding for the winter season. State of quarters - passably clean, some roofs need repairing. State of kitchen - thoroughly neat and clean. Food, quality of - good. Food, quantity of - insufficient for the winter season. Water - good, and an abundance of it. Sinks - in good condition. Police of grounds - thorough. Drainage - good. Police

