HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., December 19, 1864.

Captain H. E. LORD,

Chief Com. of Sub., Dept. of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.:

CAPTAIN: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that he has ordered the following daily ration to be issued to the prisoners of war in his hands until further orders: One-quarters pound of bread, ten ounces of corn-meal, one-half pint of pickles, one ounce of salt for five days. The prisoners are allowed to purchase what eatables they may require from sutlers or traders and from no one else.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Ship Island, December 19, 1864.

Brigadier General W. H. WESSELLS,Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: I have the honor to report the shooting of Private J. C. Dunclin, of Lockhart's battalion, prisoner of war at this post, by a sentinel, Private George Rice, Company K, Seventy-fourth U. S. Colored Troops, on the 15th of December, 1864. A thorough and immediate investigation was ordered as soon as the case was reported to these headquarters. The cooks for the prisoners of war have repeatedly complained about being unable to attend to their duties if not protected from the annoyances of other prisoners of war, who crowded around the cook-houses in violation of existing orders. On the 15th day of December, 1864, Private J. C. Dunclin aforesaid, being one of a party who persisted in cooking some victuals for himself at the cook's stove, in spite of repeated warnings from the sentinels whose duty it was to prevent it, the corporal of the guard, Robert Perkins, of Company K, Seventy-fourth U. S. Colored Troops, was called, and for the time caused the annoying parties to leave the stove; but they soon returned, and sentinel Private George Rice left his post and told them he would "waste no more time in telling them to leave," and returned to his post, from where he again ordered them to leave, but Private J. C. Dunclin, of Lockhart's battalion, obstinately persisted to disobey, when Private George Rice, of Company K, Raised his gun and shot him dead. As much as I regret the occurrence of this affair, I can attach no blame to Private George Rice, who only carried out the orders of his superiors in not allowing any resistance to the performance of his duties. George Rice, of Company K, seventy-fourth U. S. Colored Troops, is a trust-worthy soldier, and the shooting of Private J. C. Dunclin, prisoner of war, has had a good effect on the supervising, undisciplined crew.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ERNEST W. HOLMSTEDT,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

NEW YORK, December 19, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

The cotton has not yet arrived. Please grant me permission to purchase supplies and ship them to the prisoners in anticipation of the

