
arrival of the cotton. There are parties who will sell to me if you grant the permission.

W. N. R. BEALL,

C. S. Army, Agent to Supply Prisoners of War.

I approve the within application of Brigadier-General Beall for leave to purchase supplies without awaiting the arrival of the cotton.

H. E. PAINE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Mobile, Ala., December 19, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER U. S. NAVAL FORCES MOBILE BAY:

SIR: I have the honor to notify you that I am now ready to transfer to the custody of your Government the 1,000 bales of cotton which are, by agreement between our respective Governments, to be used in furnishing supplies to the Confederate prisoners held by the United States.

Please inform me if there is any impediment to the immediate transfer of the steamer with the cotton, in accordance with the suggestions made to me by Major-General Granger.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

ON BOARD THE U. S. MAN-OF-WAR BIENVILLE,

December 19, 1864.

Colonel C. C. DWIGHT:

Agreeably to appointment I arrived here to-day with the prisoners from Camp Groce, and, thanks to the courtesy of Commodore Emmons, I have delivered them to him on board this steamer. Receipt for the same, signed by Captain Mullany, is herewith inclosed, together with rolls. You will perceive that, as equivalents, they amount to more than the capture of Fort Gaines. The difference we will arrange about next meeting.

I presume that you will now promptly deliver to Lieutenant-Colonel Watts the Confederate prisoners captured at Fort Gaines as agreed. I also forward a few letters and newspapers, which you will please forward to their address.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IG. SZYMANSKI,

Asst. Adjt. General and Agent of Exchange, Trans-Mississippi Dept.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

ON BOARD U. S. MAN-OF-WAR BIENVILLE,

December 19, 1864.

Received of Major Ig. Szymanski, assistant agent of exchange, Trans-Mississippi Department, the following-named offices and men of the Army and Navy of the United States, on parole not to take up arms against the Confederate States of America, &amp;c., until their equivalents shall be delivered to Lieutenant Colonel N. G. Watts, assistant agent of exchange:

Navy - Acting masters, 1; acting ensigns, 3; acting master's mates, 3; paymaster, 1; first assistant engineer, 1; second assistant engineers,

