
agreed upon between General Grant and Judge Ould; but they cannot be permitted to go to other camps.

At places where there are no officers, non-commissioned officers and privates may be selected by General Beall for that purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 20, 1864.

Brigadier General H. E. PAINE, New York:

The application of Brigadier-General Beall to purchase goods before the arrival of the cotton for their payment is deemed by the Secretary of War as an application to purchase goods on the credit of the so-called Confederate Government, which cannot be permitted.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Copy to Commissary-General of Prisoners.)

NEW YORK, December 20, 1864.

Brigadier General W. N. R. BEALL, New York:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose a telegram sent by Major-General Halleck in reply to your application respecting the purchase of supplies, &amp;c. *

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

H. E. PAINE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

OFFICE SUPT. AND INSPECTOR OF MILITARY PRISONS,

Saint Louis, Mo., december 20, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. DAVIS,

Provost-Marshal-General, Department of the Missouri:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 19, 1864.

Conduct - satisfactory. Cleanliness - improving everywhere. Clothing - sufficient. Bedding - in good condition. State of quarters - clean. State of mess-houses - old and damp, but pretty clean. State of kitchen - the same. Food, quality of - according to regulations. Food, quantity of - sufficient. Water - plenty. sinks - would be no nuisance if there were better sewers. Police of grounds - good. Drainage - shows defection since it begins to freeze. Police of hospital - very satisfactory. Attendance of sick - same. Hospital diet - regulated by the medical department. General health of prisoners - improving. Vigilance of guard - nothing to complain of.

Remarks and suggestions. - The number of prisoners in Gratiot Street Prison has been considerably reduced, and in consequence the condition of the prison, as far as cleanliness and atmosphere is concerned, has become a much better one. I have the honor to present herewith

---------------

* See next, ante.

---------------

79 R R - SERIES II, VOL VII

