
without vegetable mold or other cryptogamous growth likely to engender malaria. The prisoners are not supplied with barracks or tents, but most of them have provided themselves with little huts made of boughs, making themselves comparatively comfortable. This, however, will be insufficient during the extremely hot weather of the summer months. There being no trees or other protection from the rays of the sun, and crowded together as they are, it will be necessary to furnish them with tents, or other more capacious quarters than those now occupied, in order that they may be divided off into proper streets, admitting free circulation of air, and other enforcing of the necessary police regulations.

At the upper end of the stream it is designed to construct two dams of different altitudes, the upper for drinking and the lower for bathing purposes. Over the remainder of the stream it is designed to construct the sinks. The stream is of sufficient volume and velocity to carry off all ordure.

The number of cases treated from the foundation of the prison up to date has been 4,588, with 1,026 deaths. The report of sick and wounded for the month of April exhibits a ratio of 316. 1 cases and 57. 6 deaths per 1,000 of mean strength. Among the first prisoners admitted there was a large ratio of diseases of the respiratory system, contracted in transit from Richmond during very cold weather, and the majority of which resulted fatally, in consequence of the absence of barracks and hospital accommodations and the emaciated condition of the subjects due to long confinement in prison. The diseases now prevailing are simply those of the digestive system, diarrhea and dysentery, which have in most instances a scorbutic connection. The rations of the prisoners is the same as that issued to Confederate soldiers in the field, viz, one pound of beef, or in lieu one-third pound of bacon; one and one-fourth pounds of meal, with an occasional issue of beans, rice, molasses, and vinegar.

The bakery and other culinary arrangements have just been completed, and rations are now issued cooked, up to which time there has been an inadequate supply of cooking utensils, in consequence of which the food was improperly prepared, and increasing the number of cases of diarrhea and dysentery. The ratio of mortality is due to the lack of vitality in the subjects, produced by long confinement in prison, with its depressing influences on the mind. The remedies employed are unassisted by the vis medicatrix naturoe, without which remedial agencies are powerless. It is also impossible to treat diseases with success with the present hospital accommodations. The patients are now treated in tent flies, of which there is an inadequate supply. The location of the hospital is also objectionable. The prisoners with their camp-fires are densely crowded around the hospital, producing contaminating effluvia and preventing the free circulation of air, so necessary for the treatment of disease. In consequence of the forays upon the hospital by the prisoners, it is impossible to supply the sick with proper comforts. The drainage from the sinks of the prison passing through the hospital grounds is another objection to its location. I therefore most respectfully suggest that authority be granted to place the hospital outside of the stockade, and that an adequate supply of tents to accommodate 1,000 sick be immediately furnished.

Respectfully submitted.

ISAIAH H. WHITE,

Chief Surgeon.

