
estimates of costs for the introduction of gas and an air-heating apparatus and for the repairs proposed by Colonel Darr, late provost-marshal-general. * You will see that the expenses for these repairs will amount to about $4,900. In all my previous reports upon that subject I expressed the opinion that no more money should be expended on Gratiot Street Prison, except when absolutely necessary, and if the authorities will take the trouble of seeing what amount of money is annually expended for repairs to keep that prison half-way in good order, and add the amount given above, they will find that this amount would be sufficient to fit up a new prison with hardly any more expense. In reference to this question, I respectfully refer to all of my previous reports, and especially to that of October 28, 1864, with the indorsements of General Rosecrans and Ewing, and Colonel Baker and Colonel Darr.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GUST. HEINRICHS,

Superintendent Military Prisons, Inspecting Officer.

Remarks by Acting Provost-Marshal-General.

In forwarding the report (inclosed) of Lieutenant-Colonel Heinrichs, I do not feel like authorizing the expenditure of so much money on so poor and unsafe a buildings as Gratiot Prison, and still if this plan is not adopted of fitting up the Palm Foundry building I should certainly recommend the improvements as presented by Lieutenant-Colonel Heinrichs and approve the estimates. I should like very much to have some officers sent here to see the necessity of having safer and better accommodations for prisoners.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

C. W. DAVIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifty-first Illinois Infantry, Acting provost-General, Department of the Missouri.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

January 14, 1865.

Respectfully returned to Colonel J. H. Baker, provost-marshal-general. It would doubtless add to the convenient arrangement of the prison to make the improvements within suggested, but as the immediate expense is very considerable, and with only a remote prospect of economy, it is not deemed advisable to approve them. The three cells may be constructed, but as it is not necessary to partition off the passage where they are to be placed, the estimated cost seems to be unreasonably large.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners West of the Miss.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,Saint Louis, January 21, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant Colonel G. Heirichs, superintendent and inspector of prisoners, Saint Louis, Mo., for his information. This paper to be returned.

J. H. BAKER,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.

---------------

* Detailed estimates omitted.

---------------

