
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. C. S. MILITARY PRISONS, EAST OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 4. Columbia, S. C., December 20, 1864.

I. No money will be allowed to pass into the hands of the prisoners, but they will be allowed to draw orders in Confederate money upon funds to their credit in the hands of the quartermaster, for purchases from the sutler or other persons trading with them by authority of the commanding officer of the prison; and their orders to the sutler and such persons so trading with them, approved by the officer commanding the prison, will be honored by the quartermaster.

II. All moneys in the hands of the quartermaster to the credit of the prisoners will be converted into Confederate money before it is paid out by the quartermaster, except in cases where a prisoner is exchanged, when the funds remaining to his credit in the hands of the quartermaster will be paid over to him in such funds as are then on deposit to his credit.

III. The coin and bills of exchange in the hands of the quartermaster to the credit of prisoners will be exchanged by the quartermaster for Confederate money whenever he is asked by the prisoners to do so, at the current rate of exchange, at the time the order is given for its exchange; and the U. S. bills will be exchanged for Confederate currency at the rate fixed by the Quartermaster-General. No moneys belonging to the prisoners will be converted into Confederate money except at the request of the prisoners.

IV. The quartermaster will keep the prisoners advised of the rate of exchange by weekly notices posted in the prison camp.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. C. S. MILITARY PRISON, EAST OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 7. Salisbury, N. C., December 20, 1864.

* * * * *

II. Instructions having been received from the War Department to remove the prisoners from Salisbury, N. C., no building repairs, &amp;c., will be made, and no expense will be incurred not absolutely necessary for present necessities.

JNO H. WINDER,Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 21, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Fort Delaware, Del.:

GENERAL: The report of an inspection of Fort Delaware, made recently by Captain Penrose, commissary of subsistence, has been referred by the Commissary-General of Subsistence for the information of this office, and your attention is called to the following remarks and recommendations extracted from that report:

First. That a considerable quantity of salt beef is on hand, liable to damage if not issued soon.

Second. That the component parts of the ration on hand are very unequal in quantity, some being for six weeks and others for only ten days.

Third. That the bakeries are not kept clean and that the saving arising from the prison bakery is entirely separate from the prison fund.

Fourth. That the distribution of food to prisoners is not well managed, the meat being unequally divided, the officers getting a larger piece at the expense of the enlisted men.

