
Fifth. That instead of pork, the soup is made of bacon and beans, this, with mixed vegetables, being greasy and unpalatable. The officer in charge of the kitchens was absent and his assistant either ignorant or unwilling to give information.

Sixth. That the assistant in charge of the kitchens stated that there was but little refuse and no more grease than was sufficient to grease their boots, whilst in a mess of some 300 a saving of one barrel of grease, worth $30, had been made in six weeks without much care of attention.

Seventh. That a considerable quantity of salt and vinegar (the issue being more than sufficient) had been saved, but not turned over to the commissary.

Eighth. That the commissary is the proper officer to be intrusted with the feeding of the prisoners; that he should have suitable assistants and care be taken that food be distributed equally.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier General, U. S. Vols., Inspector and Com. General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS FORT DELAWARE, DEL.,December 21, 1864.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELS,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith the report of a court of inquiry appointed to investigate the fatal shooting of Private John H. Bibb, Charlottesville Artillery, Cutshaw's Virginia battalion, prisoner of war, by Private John Deakyne, Company F, Ninth Delaware Volunteers, sentinel on post. Special Orders, Numbers 157, from these headquarters, a copy of which is inclosed, has been posted up in all the divisions of the prisoners' barracks, and as these orders are perfectly explicit, the prisoners have no excuse for violating them. It has been a very common and annoying custom with them to urinate in a tin cup or bucket and throw it out of their windows, creating a very offensive odor about their barracks. During the last two months two men were shot at, without fatal result, for urinating at their doors, and this has resulted in their using the cups and buckets within their barracks and throwing it out of the window.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

FORT DELAWARE, DEL., December 20, 1864.

Proceedings of a court of inquiry convened in accordance to Special Orders, Numbers 443, dated Headquarters Fort Delaware, Del., December 20, 1864, of which the following is a true copy:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FORT DELAWARE, DEL., Numbers 443. December 20, 1864.

A court of inquiry, to consist of the following-named officers, will immediately convene in the post library room to investigate and report to these headquarters the facts in the case and their opinion of the shooting of Private John H. Bibb, Charlottesville Artillery, prisoner of war, by Private John Deakyne, Company F, Ninth Delaware Volunteer Infantry, at the prisoner-o-war barracks this morning. Members of board: Major William Y. Swiggett, Ninth Delaware Volunteers; Captain John J. Young, Battery G, Pennsylvania Volunteers; Lieutenant Alfred Kerr, Battery G, Pennsylvania Volunteers; recorder, Lieutenant R. H. Lewis, Ahl's battery, Delaware Volunteers.

By command of Brigadier General A. Schoepf:

GEO. H. AHL,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

The court met pursuant to the above order. Present, Major William Y. Swiggett, Ninth Delaware Volunteers; Captain J. J. Young, Battery

