
G, Pennsylvania Volunteers; Lieutenant Alfred Kerr, Battery G, Pennsylvania Volunteers; Lieutenant R. H. Lewis, Ahl's battery, Delaware Volunteers. The court then proceeded to business.

Captain CHARLES H. STOCKLEY, on being duly sworn, testified as follows:

By the COURT:

Question. Do you know anything of the shooting of John H. Bibb, prisoner of war, on the morning of the 20th instant?

Answer. I was officer of the day, but know nothing of the case except what was reported to me officially.

Question. Do you know whether the officer of the guard read the proper instructions to the relief to which Private John Deakyne, Company F, Ninth Delaware Volunteers, belonged?

Answer. I do not know.

Question. What were the instructions you gave to the officer of the guard at Guard-House Numbers 2?

Answer. I visited the guard-house and saw that he had the printed instructions for the guard. Did not specially call his attention to it.

Lieutenant R. S. LONG, Company C, Ninth Delaware Volunteers, was duly sworn.

By the COURT:

Question. Were you officer of the day at Guard-house Numbers 2 on the 19th and 20th days of December, 1864?

Answer. I was.

Question. Was Private John Deakyne, Company F, Ninth Delaware Volunteers, a member of your guard?

Answer. Yes.

Question. Where was he posted?

Answer. He was posted in the rebel inclosure.

Question. Do you know anything of the shooting of John H. Bibb, prisoner of war?

Answer. I was at breakfast, and when I returned to the guard-house I was told that shot had been fired and that the sergeant of the guard had gone to ascertain the cause. In a few minutes the sergeant returned and reported tome that one of the guard had shot a rebel prisoner. I asked him why. He said that the sentry had told him that the prisoner was throwing water.

Question. What instructions did the inside sentinels receive?

Answer. To prevent the prisoners from committing nuisances or congregating in crowds on the parade grounds.

Question. Did you read Special Orders, Numbers 157, dated Headquarters Fort Delaware, Del., June 1, 1864, to each relief?

Answer. I did not have a copy of instructions contained in that order, but gave them to the best of my recollection.

Question. Did you hold any conversation with Private Deakyne, Company F, Ninth Delaware Volunteers, after the prisoner was shot?

Answer. I did not.

Question. Do you know whether Special Orders, Numbers 157, is posted up inside the prisoners' inclosure?

Answer. I do not.

