
Question. Were the sentries properly instructed in regard to warning the prisoners before firing?

Answer. I think they were. Do not know whether Deakyne received them personally. Am not personally acquainted with Deakyne. I always instruct my sentries to turn over their orders to those who relieve them.

Sergt. C. W. COFFIN, Company F, Ninth Delaware Volunteers, on being duly sworn, testifies as follows:

By the COURT:

Question. Were you sergeant of the guard at Guard-house Numbers 2 on the 19th and 20th instant?

Answer. I was.

Question. Do you know Private John Deakyne, Company F, Ninth Delaware Volunteers?

Answer. I do.

Question. Was he on guard on the 19th and 20th instant?

Answer. He was, and was posted at post Numbers 60, inside the prisoners' inclosure. He did not go on guard until between 9 and 10 p. m. on the 19th, being detailed to relieve a sick sentry.

Question. Do you know anything of the circumstances connected with the shooting of John H. Bibb, a prisoner of war?

Answer. I heard a gun fired and went to ascertain the cause. Deakyne told me that a prisoner was throwing urine out of a hole in the barracks and that he had called to him repeatedly to stop it. He said that it had occurred several times that morning and that he had warned them to stop. Seeing that they paid no attention to him, he then fired.

Question. How far was he from the place where the offense was committed when he fired?

Answer. Not more than forty yards.

Question. At what time did the firing take place?

Answer. Shortly after 7 a. m. It was blowing pretty hard at the time.

Question. What instructions did Deakyne receive?

Answer. I instructed him to warn the prisoners three or four times to desist from committing nuisances before firing.

THOMAS CARROW, private Company F, Ninth Delaware Volunteers, was then duly sworn.

By the COURT:

Question. Were you on guard on the 19th and 20th instant?

Answer. I was.

Question. Was Private Deakyne, Company F, Ninth Delaware Volunteers, on guard at the same time that you were?

Answer. yes, and on the same relief.

Question. At what time did the third relief go on post on the morning of the 20th instant?

Answer. At 7 o'clock.

Question. What post were you stationed at?

Answer. Numbers 59. Deakyne was on Numbers 60.

Question. Where were those posts?

Answer. Inside the prisoners' inclosure.

