
As to the points to which it is proposed to send them we cannot particularly specify. The continually changing field of the war and the changes made and liable to be made in the location of Southern prisons renders such specification difficult, if not impossible. I would therefore respectfully ask that they be granted general permission to visit the Southern prisons, the particular places to be left to the necessities and exigencies of the case and their own judgment, always premising that upon this, as upon every other point in the undertaking, we wish any direction and suggestion you may be pleased to give.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. STUART,

Chairman U. S. Christian commission.

Names propose to be forwarded: Right Rev. Charles P. McIlvaine, D. C., Cincinnati, Ohio, or Right Rev. Alfred Lee, D. D. ; Wilmington, Del. ; Rev. Bishop E. S. James, D. D., New York City; Rev. William Adams, D. D., New York City; Norman White, esq., New York City; Horatio Gates Jones, esq., Philadelphia.
HDQRS. C. S. MIL. PRISONS EAST OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Columbia, S. C., December 21, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose the correspondence* with the assistant commissary of subsistence at this post, by which it will be seen that my anticipations of the difficulty in feeding the prisoners during the interruption of the different lines of communication are confirmed. The question arises whether, under existing circumstances, it would be better to place the prisoners either in Alabama - say Silver run, about twenty miles from Columbus, Ga. - or at Andersonville. The transportation to Andersonville would be farther. Silver Run would involve the building of stockade. Provisions at both places are abundant, but during the interruption of transportation it would be difficult to place the supplies where needed.

I think the prisons in this vicinity should be established to place us in a situation to relieve Richmond and other points on the coast, and under more favorable circumstances to make it the principal depot.

I deem it my duty to place this subject before you for your consideration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Ship Island, Miss., December 22, 1864.

Captain W. T. HARTZ, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Your communication dated Washington, D. C., November 21, 1864, inclosing an extract from inspection report of the condition of prisoners of war at Ship Island, made by Surg. T. M. Getty, medical inspector prisoners of war, was duly received, and in reply I have the honor to state that at the inspection of Surg. T. M. Getty there were no proper means at hand to provide for the prisoners. They arrived here destitute of tents and none could be furnished on the

---------------

*Not found as inclosures and not otherwise identified.

---------------

