SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS, Numbers 93. Selma, May 6, 1864.

I. Major James R. Curell, assistant commissioner for exchange of prisoners, having been ordered to report to me for duty, will transfer these headquarters to Mobile, Ala., and there take charge of said headquarters until further orders.

N. G. WATTS,Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 191. Washington, May 7, 1864.

DECLARATION OF EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS OF WAR.

1. It having been officially reported that Mr. Ould, rebel commissioner of exchange, has declared, without consulting with the authorities of the United States, that all rebel prisoners delivered at City Point up to the 20th of April were exchanged, it is-

Ordered, That all Federal prisoners of war and all civilians on parole prior to May 7, 1864, be declared exchanged, and they are thus declared exchanged accordingly.

2. It is further announced, that after deducting the number of Federal officers and men embraced in this order as exchanged the rebels will remain indebted to the Federal Government, according to tables carefully prepared by the Commissary-General of Prisoners from official data, 33,596, for which no equivalents have been received by the Federal Government.

3. All paroled officers and enlisted men herein declared exchanged who are in camp will be immediately forwarded by the commandants of camps to their regiments and commands, and will be reported to the Commissary-General of Prisoners accordingly. Those who are absent on leave will, on expiration of their leave, repair forthwith to the parole camps at Annapolis, Md., or Columbus, Ohio.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 7, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Va. and N. C., Hdqrs. Fortress Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a circular of regulations issued by authority of the War Department, which are to be observed at stations where prisoners of war are held. * Copies will be furnished from this office to the commanders of military prisons in the Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

I have the honor to inclose also copies of General Orders, Numbers 190, from the War Department, defining the authority of the Commissary-General of Prisoners over military prisons. + The authority is mainly placed in my hands, but I will be obliged to beg the assistance of

---------------

* See April 20, p. 72.

+ Ibid., p. 106.

---------------

