
now in food, shelter, and raiment than when engaged in that work. If they are a part of that rebel force the Secretary does not see any occasion for such sympathetic tenderness as to give them supplies provided for our own troops, when their own leader at Richmond has stipulated to supply their wants.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Inspector-General.

LOUISVILLE, December 22, 1864.

Colonel J. A. HARDIE, Inspector-General:

Your telegram of this date is just received. The prisoners referred to in my telegram of this morning are of those captured near Nashville. It has been the practice heretofore to issue to prisoners of war such clothing as was absolutely necessary. My suggestion to issue shoes was based on the practice, but with the condition that they should be paid for. My impression is that the order for the issue of clothing has not yet been countermanded. If it has, I have not received the order.

Respectfully,

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners West of the Miss.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Mobile, Ala., December 22, 1864.

[General G. GRANGER:]

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I am ready to transfer the 1,000 bales of cotton which, by agreement between our respective Governments, is to be sold for the benefit of the prisoners of war of the Confederate States held by the United States.

Please give such instructions to the commander of the fleet lying off the obstructions at Mobile as will insure the prompt and safe return of the steamer which will transport the cotton to the ship in the lower bay, which is to take it to New York.

I have to request that the usual courtesies of a flag of truce be extended to the officer bearing this communication.

I have the honor, general, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

U. S. CHRISTIAN COMMISSION, CENTRAL OFFICE,

11 Bank Street, Philadelphia, December 22, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

DEAR SIR: Through some oversight the inclosed copy of a form of letter to Jefferson Davis was omitted from the letter sent you last evening.

Yours, truly,

LEMUEL MOSS,

Secretary U. S. Christian Commission.

