
WASHINGTON, D. C., December 23, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a copy of the resolutions of the House of Representatives of the 21st instant, calling for communications in reference to the exchange of prisoners not heretofore published, with an indorsement requesting a "report" from me, and have to state that the subject of the exchange of prisoners, since some time previous to my report last year, has been in the hands of Major-General Butler, who, of course, is not under my orders and makes no reports to me. I have, therefore, no correspondence to communicate.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

LOUISVILLE, December 23, 1864-10. 50 a. m.

Colonel J. A. HARDIE, Inspector-General:

I leave for Nashville at 7 this morning; will arrive there this evening. I should have said in my telegram last night that no clothing would be issued to prisoners of war.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners of War of the Miss.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, December 23, 1864.

Brigadier General H. E. PAINE, 48 Bleecker Street, New York:

GENERAL: The application of General Beall to visit Washington for consultation with authorities here is not granted. I do not propose to enter into any correspondence or consultations with General Beall.

Whatever instructions you may require in regard to the duties of General Beall will be given.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 23, 1864.

Brigadier General S. P. CARTER,

Provost-Marshal-General of East Tennessee:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 10th instant with its inclosures, including a copy of certain articles of agreement entered into between yourself and Brigadier General J. C. Vaughn, touching the exchange or release of citizen prisoners, and have to state that the arrangement is approved, with the understanding that the fifth article is to be understood as a local agreement in conformity with the hitherto declared disposition of the Government of the United States not to prosecute a war against citizens, but it is not to be interpreted as a political national act. If this is to be the understanding of that article, upon being so advised by you the prisoners at Johnson's Island included in the arrangement will be at once

