
exercise your judgment and discretion in its performance, as in any other command, without referring to the War Department for instructions in regard to minute details.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 24, 1864.

Brigadier General H. E. PAINE, New York:

GENERAL: In answer to the communication of the rebel General Beall of the 21st instant, relative to the distribution of clothing to prisoners of war, I have the honor to state that the commanders of prison camps have been instructed from this office to afford every facility in their power to perfect the agreement recently made by our Government with the rebel authorities. Communications to them through you will meet with attention. As the number of prisoners at the various camps is constantly varying, it will be more expeditiously obtained by application to the commanding officers than to this office. Prisoners cannot be paroled to distribute the supplies.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier General U. S. Vols., Inspector and Com. General of Prisoners.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF W. FLA. AND S. ALA., Numbers 61. December 24, 1864.

Captain Frank G. Noyes, commissary of subsistence, is designated, under instructions from the War Department, to receive from the commanding officer at Mobile, Ala., 1,000 bales of cotton and accompany the same to the city of New York.

He will proceed at once upon this duty, being governed in its performance by the terms of the stipulations made between the lieutenant-general commanding the Armies of the United States and the agent of exchange at Richmond, Va., by the instructions contained in letters from Major-General Halleck to the commanding officer, Mobile Bay, Ala., and by the proposition made by such officer to Major-General Maury, commanding at Mobile, Ala., and by him accepted.

Upon completion of the duty herein assigned Captain Noyes will report in person without delay at these headquarters.

G. GRANGER,Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WARREN,

Boston Harbor, December 24, 1864.

Major STEPHEN CABOT,

Commanding Fort Warren, Boston Harbor:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending Saturday, December 24, 1864:

Conduct - orderly. Cleanliness - satisfactory. Clothing - in good order. Bedding - in good order. State of quarters - neat and clean. State of mess-houses - clean and well conducted. State of kitchen -

80 R R - SERIES II, VOL VII

