
clean and well conducted. Food, quality of - good. Food, quantity of - the full allowance. Water - good. Sinks - in good order. Police of grounds - every morning. Drainage - good. Police of hospital - no special hospital for prisoners. Attendance of sick - regular. Hospital diet, as ordered by surgeon - good. General health of prisoners - good. Vigilance of guard - satisfactory.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. WOODMAN,

First Lieutenant, First Batt. Mass. Vol. Artillery, Inspecting Officer.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP CHASE,Near Columbus, Ohio, December 24, 1864.

Colonel W. P. RICHARDSON, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 24, 1864:

Conduct, in Prisons 1 and 3 - good; in 2 - moderate. Cleanliness - improving. Clothing - conformably supplied in most every case. Bedding - condition good. State of quarters - very fair. State of mess-houses - much improved. State of kitchen - order materially improved. Food, quality of - good. Food, quantity of - sufficient. Water - a sufficient supply and good. Sinks - in good condition. Police of grounds - fair. Drainage - tolerable. Police of hospital - excellent. Attendance of sick - good. Hospital diet - good. General health of prisoners - about same as last report. Vigilance of guard - unexceptionable.

Remarks and suggestions. - Your prison since my last report has been improved in the following manner: The deserters' prison, heretofore a separate building, is now included in the same parapet with Prisons 1, 2 and 3, making complete the oblong square, and materially lessening the number of guards for deserters' prison and at the same time strengthening the rebel prison and thereby obviating the necessity of keeping up more than one guard quarters. The work-house in Prison 3 is not inclosed, adding very much to the comfort of the place at this season of the year. The ranges are working well. There are yet two wanting in Prison 3, but will soon be built, as the material is on hand. The stoves in hospital being found deficient have been removed and others supplied, with very happy result. The privilege recently granted or getting papers has added greatly to their cheerfulness, and it is to be hoped will be a promoter of health and contentment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. K. ALLEN,

Captain, Eighty-eighth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infty., Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

The remarks of the inspecting officer contain all that is necessary to be said in regard to the prisons this week. I have been notified by Brevet Brigadier-General Hoffman that from 4,000 to 5,000 prisoners will be sent here from Nashville immediately. We have made preparations to receive them. He also notifies me that the Confederate authorities will supply them with clothing and blankets. I have received no instructions from you on this subject.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisons.

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, Commanding Post.

