HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Camp Chase, near Columbus, Ohio, December 24, 1864.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS,

Insp. and Com. General of Prisoners, Washington City, D. C.:

I have the honor to herewith transmit a copy of the parole I have taken from the officers selected by the prisoners to receive and distribute supplies, as per the request of General Beall, approved by General Paine. As they were to enter immediately upon their duties I deemed it improper to allow them the necessary access to the prisoners without this parole, which is submitted for your approval.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Camp Chase, near Columbus, Ohio, December 21, 1864.

We, Colonel William S. Hawkins, Colonel J. E. Josey, and Captain C. T. Smith, Confederate prisoners of war at this post, having been selected to assist in carrying out the arrangements entered into between the authorities of the United States Government and those of the so-called plying the wants of prisoners of war now in the hands of either party, and in pursuance of instructions from Brigadier-General Beall, of the Confederate Army, approved by Brigadier-General Paine, of the U. S. Army, do hereby pledge our parole of honor that during the existence of this arrangement or until this parole is revoked or we have been regularly exchanged, we will not engage in or commit any acts of hostility toward the Government of the United States or in any manner prejudicial to the same; and further, that we will not aid or abet the prisoners of war that are or may be confined at this post by counsel, advice, or information, or in any other manner, in any plot or attempt to escape or in any act of insubordination to the prescribed rules of the prison, nor will we communicate to them any knowledge we may have or obtain of the strength of the garrison, the number or position of the guards, or the nature or topography of the vicinity of the camp, or of any other matter that might be useful to them in any attempt they might hereafter make; and further, that we will not, until this parole may be extended, go beyond the limits of Camp Chase, Ohio.

WM. S. HAWKINS,

Colonel First Tennessee Mounted Scouts.

J. E. JOSEY,

Colonel Fifteenth Arkansas Infantry.

C. T. SMITH,

Captain Company A, Thirty-sixth Virginia Battalion Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY COMMANDER,Louisville, Ky., December 24, 1864.

Captain S. E. JONES,

Add. Aide-de-Camp and Asst. Com. General of Prisoners of War:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 24, 1864:

Conduct - good. Cleanliness - clean. Clothing - Confederate. Bedding - clean. State of quarters - clean. State of mess-houses - clean.

