
taken prisoner, together with the above-named men, on the retreat as above stated. He and all the others desire to be exchanged as prisoners of war. He further stated that they were held, as he was informed by Captain Philip J. Thurmond, of the C. S. Army, as hostages for the return of one of his men taken prisoner by Captain Blazer, of the U. S. service, and that Captain Blazer has since been taken prisoner, with thirty of his men, by troops of Colonel Mosby's command at Kabletown, near Snicker's Gap, and he, Rhode, handed me the inclosed slip from a newspaper in confirmation of his statement.

All of the prisoners stated that they were serving in the U. S. Army and were taken captive by our troops upon Hunter's said retreat, and wish to be held as prisoners of war for exchange. Those in the prison complained of suffering very much from cold for the want of a stove in the room in which they are confined. I think they gave evidence in their appearance of such suffering.

As I am not informed of the facts upon which these prisoners are held as hostages I am not prepared to recommend any change in their status as now held, and I would respectfully recommend that their cases be referred to the War Department for instructions.

Very respectfully,

JOHN D. MUNFORD,

Major and Commissioner.

[First indorsement.]

DECEMBER 26, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Captain Sands.

The commitment in this case was referred to you. What disposition was made of it?

I. H. CARRINGTON,

Provost-Marshal.

[Second indorsement.]

COMMISSIONER'S OFFICE, Richmond, January 21, 1865.

Respectfully returned to Major Carrington.

I have written to Captain Thurmond in regard to the within-named Federals to know why they should be held as hostages for some of his men, and not hearing from him recommend that they be held as prisoners of war.

J. H. SANDS,

Captain and Commissioner.

[Third indorsement.]

JANUARY 21, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to Honorable Secretary of War.

I. H. CARRINGTON,

Provost-Marshal.

[Fourth indorsement.]

JANUARY 24, 1865.

Captain LEE:

Recommendation of commissioner approved.

B. R. W., JR.

[Inclosure.]

NEWSPAPER EXTRACT.

One Captain Blazer, remarkable for skill and courage, was some time since detailed from the Yankee army to operate as a guerrilla hunter

