
in Northern Virginia. He was given a lieutenant and eighty picked mounted men, armed with Spencer carbines, and directed to devote himself especially to the capture of Mosby's men. He has by indefatigable scouting managed to pick up a number of detached squads and individual members of Mosby's command, and has a great reputation for vigilance. Of late he has been panting to encounter some innumerable, unlimited numbers of guerrillas. On the 18th Captain A. E. Richards, of Companies A and B, Mosby's command, made an expedition into Clarke County and, if Blazer willed, give him battle. At Kabletown, seven miles west of Snicker's Gap, scouts reported Blazer advancing from the direction of Winchester. Richards drew up in line of battle and awaited his approach. Blazer heralded his advent with a shower of bullets and then rushed down the road. Richards, instead of awaiting his onset, determined to meet him, and at fifty yards' distance ordered a charge. Blazer discovered his error too late; his men gave way and tried to save themselves by flight, which was kept up for four miles, our men never halting until Blazer and 30 of his men were captured and 30 killed, the few remaining, scattered. Our loss, 1 killed and 5 slightly wounded, which is supposed to have been done by our own men in the excitement of the charge.

Captain VAN R. OTEY, Provost-Marshal, Lynchburg, Va.:

CAPTAIN: The ten Federal prisoners that Captain Thurmond orders to be held as hostages for his men, together with the three Confederate prisoners charged with deserting Confederate Army and joining Federal Army, I merely forwarded to you for safe-keeping, from the fact that this section of the country is infested by numerous bands of deserters and desperadoes, which we have not sufficient force to repel should they make an attempt to rescue said prisoners form custody, which I am apprehensive they contemplate.

Very respectfully,

G. W. MOREHEAD,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshal.

[Indorsement.]

Major I. H. CARRINGTON, Provost-Marshal, Richmond, Va.:

Please comply with the request of Lieutenant Morehead stated above. I suppose he will forward all charges at the proper time or order the prisoners back to Dublin, Va.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

VAN R. OTEY,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

S. R. SHINN,

Acting Adjutant.

COLUMBIA, S. C., December 24, 1864.

General BEAUREGARD, Charleston, S. C.:

Is it advisable to remove the prisoners from Florence? If so, how am I to arrange for guards? I now have South Carolina Reserves. Cannot carry them into Georgia. Do you know anything of Kilpatrick's movements? Please answer at once.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

