HDQRS. C. S. MIL. PRISONS EAST OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Columbia, S. C., December 24, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I telegraphed you to-day on the subject of the removal of the prisoners of war from Florence, in this State. Should it be found necessary to evacuate Charleston the Northeastern Railroad would be open to the enemy to Florence. There is still another reason why they should be removed. A commissary informs me that it will be difficult to feed the prisoners and the army now that the lines of communication are interrupted. I propose to send the prisoners to Andersonville, Ga., or to some point in Alabama. The guard is composed mostly of South Carolina Reserves, which, as I understand it, cannot be carried beyond the State. Cannot they be sent to the army and others sent to replace them?

It is said that Kilpatrick is moving on Thomasville. If so he may continue his march to Andersonville and in his track desolate the country. I can get no definite information on that point. I some time since ordered the prisoners that were on the Gulf Railroad to Andersonville. I hope they have reached that point, but have heard nothing from them.

There are 8,000 prisoners at Salisbury, N. C., which it is proposed to remove to a point fourteen miles from this place on the railroad to Charlotte, N. C. Will you do me the favor to give me your opinion as to the probable safety of that point? Camp Lawton, five miles from Millen, I apprehend is no longer a suitable place for a prison, as it is within eighty-four miles of Savannah.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., December 24, 1864.

General J. H. WINDER, Columbia, S. C.:

Your telegram just received. * Exercise your discretion about removal of prisoners.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DIST OF WEST FLORIDA AND SOUTH ALABAMA,December 25, 1864.

Major General D. H. MAURY:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt, per flag of truce, of your communication of the 22nd instant, relative to the transfer of 1,000 bales of cotton for the benefit of prisoners of war in the hands of the United States.

Captain Thornton A. Jenkins, U. S. Navy, commanding naval forces in Mobile Bay, is notified of the arrangement already suggested and will lend his assistance to carry out the same.

Captain Frank G. Noyes, of my staff, is the officer whom I designate under the instructions I have received to receive the cotton and furnish bills of lading for the same, the cotton to be received at the

---------------

*December 22, p. 1262.

---------------

