
obstructions in the bay, off the city of Mobile, and transshipped to the vicinity of Mobile Point, Ala., in the vessels upon which it may have been loaded, such vessels to be returned into the hands of your authorities as soon as possible thereafter.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEW YORK, December 25, 1864.

Brigadier General W. N. R. BEALL, 75 Murray Street:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that your application for permission to visit Washington was disapproved.

It was intended by the Government that communications relating to your official duties should be addressed to me and not to any other civil or military officer of the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. E. PAINE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS PRISONERS' CAMP,Elmira, N. Y., December 25, 1864.

Colonel B. F. TRACY, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 25, 1864:

Conduct - good. Cleanliness - good. Clothing - good; some few exceptions where pants and shoes are needed. Bedding - very good. State of quarters - fair; there are but 900 men in tents. State of mess-houses - very good. State of kitchens - good. Food, quality of - excellent; beef much better than last week. Food, quantity of - plenty. Water - the very best. Sinks - fair; cannot improve them much this cold weather. Police of grounds - very good; the roads much improved. Drainage - good. Police of hospital is not any better than last week. Attendance of sick - very fair. Hospital diet - good. General health of prisoners - sickness on the increase. Vigilance of guard - good.

Remarks and suggestions- there has nothing been done on the new buildings this week. Four of the new hospital buildings are most done, being at work ceiling up the sides. Thirty coal stoves arrived yesterday. Part of them will be put up to-morrow. Two new buildings are ready to occupy as soon as the stoves are up. The mess-room for the hospital is not in use yet; have made a carpenter's shop of it. A well has been dug for the hospital and proves to be a good one; want a pump for it. Sixty-three cases smallpox this morning; two men died during the week.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. JORDAN,

Captain, Twenty-ninth Maine Volunteers, Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Smallpox is on the increase. There was a delay in obtaining vaccine matter, but it has been obtained and the entire camp is being vaccinated. If it continues to spread we may be compelled to remove the

