
cases outside the camp to a hospital to be established. I do not know what plan is pursued in other prison camps in such cases. We are engaged in ceiling hospital wards, which explains the bad police of hospital at present.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

B. F. TRACY,

Colonel 127th U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Depot.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP MORTON,Indianapolis, Ind., December 25, 1864.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS, Commanding Camp Morton:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 24, 1864:

Conduct - very quiet, no attempts to escape. Cleanliness - moderate state. Clothing - good. Bedding - good. State of quarters - very bad, impossible to keep them thoroughly policed. State of mess-houses - have none. State of kitchen - good. Food, quality of - first class. Food, quantity of - sufficient, being in accordance to orders. Water - sufficient. Sinks - undergoing the necessary repairs to make them answer during the cold weather. Police of grounds - owing to cold weather has been only partially policed. Drainage - complete. Police of hospital - good. Attendance of sick - good. Hospital diet - first class. General health of prisoners - good. Vigilance of guard - good.

Remarks and suggestions. - I would respectfully suggest that mess-houses be built for each division, as it is impossible to keep the barracks clean while the men continue to mess in them, which they are obliged to do during the extreme cold weather. I also find that during the cold weather the prisoners neglect to clean themselves and their clothing properly and do not use the whole ration of soap issued to them for that purpose, but destroy it by throwing it around the barracks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

First Lieutenant, Veteran Reserve Corps, Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Captain W. T. HARTZ,

Asst. Adjt. General, Deputy Com. General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

CAPTAIN: I will state in reference to the remarks of Lieutenant Davidson, inspector of the prison, referring to the erection of mess-houses, that I have not recommended their construction heretofore for the reason that the poor condition and construction of the prison barracks requires that they should be rebuilt and removed from their present location (being too near the fence), and when this is accomplished I could then recommend the building of mess-houses. The police of the camp and discipline of the prisoners in regard to cleanliness, &amp;c., will be maintained as strictly as possible, owing to the present unfavorable state of the weather.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

A. A. STEVENS,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Vet. Reserve Corps, Commanding Camp Morton.

