
So, too, of stoves. Straw is being obtained as fast as possible, but hospitals and troops will be served before prisoners. The irregular and precarious means of communication with the mainland works a great embarrassment, particularly as commissary and quartermaster's stores had not come forward to Sandusky sufficiently before navigation was closed by ice. We are getting over supplies by hand on the ice on sleds and in small boats on runners when practicable, and can now keep some days ahead of current wants. I shall report specially on Captain McKibben. The indications are that he escaped from a watering party on the 24th, and was away full twenty hours before the next roll-call or any suspicion of his escape. The prison is very much crowded.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel 127th Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP DOUGLAS,Chicago, Ill., December 25, 1864.

Colonel B. J. SWEET, Commanding Post, Chicago, Ill.:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 25, 1864:

Conduct - good. Cleanliness - good. Clothing - comfortable, except the late arrivals. Bedding - those recently received have an insufficient amount of bedding. State of quarters - clean and comfortable, a few roofs need repairing. State of kitchen - thoroughly neat and clean. Food, quality of - good. Food, quantity of - scarcely sufficient for the winter season. Water - good, and an abundant supply. Sinks - in good condition. Police of grounds - through daily. Drainage - good. Police of hospital - very good. Attendance of sick - those sick in hospital are carefully nursed. Hospital diet - good. General health of prisoners - fair. Vigilance of guard - guards seem to perform their duty faithfully.

Remarks and suggestions. - The hospital accommodations are insufficient for the number of prisoners. There is a large number of sick in barracks that should be in hospital. Smallpox is steadily on the decrease, but few deaths have occurred by it during the past week. The prisoners received during the past week are poorly clad; many of them are nearly barefoot, and destitute of blankets.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. BRIGGS,

First Lieutenant, Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps,

and Special Inspector of Camp Douglas.
HEADQUARTERS FORT LAFAYETTE,New York Harbor, December 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, U. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Lafayette:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 25, 1864:

Conduct - very good. Cleanliness - generally very good. Clothing - good. Bedding - iron bedsteads, husk mattresses, blankets, sheets, and

