
I would further ask that Captain Beall Hempstead, who is my assistant adjutant-general, be paroled and permitted to join me at this place as an assistant. This I claim as nothing more than is granted the U. S. agent, General Hayes, who has a colonel to assist him in the South.

The officers I ask for are all at Johnson's Island, Ohio. Also will I ask that instructions be given the Commissary-General of Prisoners to furnish me a list of all increases or diminutions of prisoners at the different prisons as soon as they occur.

As I have not a personal acquaintance with either General Halleck or the Honorable Secretary of War, I will state that I am fully sensible of the humane and sacred duties intrusted to me by the Confederate and United States Governments, and in giving them my entire and honest attention I will endeavor always to adhere strictly to all instructions, and shall only trouble the Department with my applications and communications when it seems my duty to do so.

Hoping that the suffering of the Confederate prisoners of war and the object of the late arrangement will warrant the War Department in granting the several applications I make,

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. N. R. BEALL,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.,

Paroled Prisoner of War and Agent to Supply Prisoners of War.

NEW YORK, December 26, 1864.

Major General W. N. R. BEALL, 75 Murray Street:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I have received a communication from the Commissary-General of Prisoners, who states that the commanders of prison camps have been instructed to afford all possible facilities for the execution of the agreement made by General Grant and Judge Ould, and that they will at any time, on request, furnish me statements showing changes in the numbers of prisoners confined at the several camps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. E. PAINE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

NEW YORK, December 26, 1864.

Colonel ROBERT OULD, Agent of Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: I was paroled on the 6th instant as agent to carry out on the part of the Confederate Government the late arrangement made by you and Lieutenant-General Grant for supplying prisoners of war, &amp;c.

Up to this time nothing has been heard of the 1,000 bales of cotton that were to be shipped, and up to about the 3rd instant, I am informed by Rear-Admiral Farragut, no instructions had been received in Mobile Bay to pass such cotton.

The weather is very cold here, and has been so for many days. The prisoners are much in need of the supplies. I could purchase them quickly if I only had the money to do so with.

The War Department at Washington has declined to permit me - which I would do - to purchase in anticipation of the arrival of the cotton. I do therefore hope that if delayed it will be sent on at once.

