
our part a distinct agreement may be formally entered into and announced to the armies, respectfully, commanded by Major-Generals Banks and Taylor.

It may not be inappropriate to state in this connection that a large number of medical officers of General Banks' command are in our hands in attendance upon his sick and wounded men, prisoners, and no resort has been had to the harshness which Surgeon Gibbs complains of having been extended to him and his associates.

The understanding referred to in relation to medical officers included nurses left with sick and wounded men in hospitals, and has been carried out also in regard to the latter on our part. I regret, however, to have to state that it has not been observed by your authorities. I would cite the case of nurses and attendants left in the hospitals at Washington, La., in October or November last, who were taken from the hospitals and the care of our sick and wounded, and carried away and held as prisoners of war.

These arrangements relative to surgeons and nurses, prompted by feelings of humanity and tending to alleviate the sufferings of the wounded and helpless, should surely be binding upon both parties to the contest, and while upon our part there has been a faithful observance of the understanding, its repeated violation or non-observance by your authorities will force us reluctantly to the adoption of a similar course as an act of justice to our own officers and men.

I trust that an explicit agreement may be entered into which will obviate any future difficulties on the subject.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILL. M. LEVY,

Major, Asst. Adjt. and Inspector General, Commissioner, &amp;c.

[Inclosure.]

MANSFIELD, LA., April 16, 1864.

Major General R. TAYLOR, Commanding, &c.:

I was captured at Henderson's Hill, in Cotile, March 21, at night, by the Sixteenth Indiana Volunteers; was allowed to ride my own horse until I arrived at the brigade headquarters, when I was dismounted from my own horse and placed on the back of a miserable old hack, guarded by an officer who never left my side, carried into Alexandria, confined for two nights in one of the jury rooms of the court-house along with twenty-eight other officers, including Assistant Surgeon Thompson, of the Edgar Battery, who was likewise dismounted and made to march the distance of twenty-two miles on foot into Alexandria.

The only food issued us while at Alexandria was hard bread and raw bacon, with no facilities for cooking, and to some friends we were indebted for this little nourishment.

My captors continually disclaimed any intention of making me a prisoner of war, and until the very moment of my departure from Alexandria promised us to be returned within our lines. After they had determined to carry us to New Orleans on our parole of honor not to escape we were promised the full liberty of the boat, but so soon as we were marched on board between two lines of soldiers sentinels with fixed bayonets were placed around every outlet from the cabin, so that we could not pass to the wash-room or privy without a sentinel. Arriving at New Orleans we were again placed between two lines of sentinels, paraded through the streets by a very circuitous route to our prison,

