
Can you not make an arrangement to send an additional quantity of cotton? If you can I can then have funds sufficient to give a generous supply to the wants of our prisoners.

I sent you a communication on the 6th instant asking that six assistants be given the U. S. agent in the South, and stating that "the United States Government would grant me the same number. " I required this number, as there are many prisons here where there is not a single commissioned officer confined.

I have had no reply to my communication, but see that Brigadier-General Hayes, the U. S. agent, has a colonel to assist him. I have to-day applied to have Captain Beall Hempstead, my assistant adjutant-general, paroled and permitted to join me.

I have given my entire time to the examination of the supplies here and in Boston, and have samples from Philadelphia and Baltimore, and trust that soon I can report a large lot of supplies furnished to prisoners.

I would ask if "blockade-runners" are to be considered "prisoners of war" under the agreement?

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. N. R. BEALL,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.,

Agent to Supply Prisoners of War.

Place of business, Numbers 75 Murray street.

[Indorsement.]

DECEMBER 29, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Lieutenant-General Grant for such action as he may deem proper.

By order of the Secretary of War:

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL OF PRISONERS,Rock Island Barracks, Ill., December 26, 1864.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 26, 1864:

Conduct - very good. Cleanliness - good. Clothing - good. Bedding -none. State of quarters - good. State of mess-houses - no mess-houses. State of kitchen - very good. Food, quality of - good. Food, quantity of - as per circular from Commissary-General of Prisoners. Water - good. Sinks - not good. Police of grounds - very good. Drainage - good. Police of hospital - very good. Attendance of sick - very good. Hospital diet - very good. General health of prisoners - good, except of those lately arrived. Vigilance of guard - tolerably good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CARAHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps,

Provost-Marshal of Prisoners, Inspecting Officer.

[Indorsement.]

After a personal inspection the within report is concurred in. Nothing worthy of report has taken place for the past week. The weather is extremely cold. With plenty of fuel the prisoners manage to keep comfortable. Nothing has yet turned up to relieve us of the presence

