
If you will refer to my letter of the 11th of November last, addressed to yourself, you will find this paragraph, to wit:

The reception of supplies and their subsequent distribution amongst the prisoners on both sides shall be certified by a committee of officers confined in the prisons so supplied. Such a parole will be given to such officers as will enable them to carry out this agreement with due facility. They will report through the proper agents their proceedings to their respective Governments.

When I framed the foregoing paragraph my idea was that a committee of three from each prison on both sides would be selected and paroled to attend to the distribution at the prison to which the committee belonged. That seemed to me to be the best plan. If it was carried out there would be on each side three times as many persons selected as there were prisons. I now again respectfully suggest that this plan be adopted. If you desire that six or more Federal officers shall be paroled to attend to the reception of such supplies as you may send, it will be done, although I do not see the necessity for any such number. It will take more to attend to the distribution. As many will be paroled for the latter purpose as you desire.

I take if for granted that when supplies are sent they will be consigned to some one named party. He will give duplicate receipts for the same, one of which will be forwarded to your Government. If it does not correspond to the invoice some irregularity will have intermediately taken place, which can be detected and corrected. The consignee and two others (to be named by him, if you choose) will attend to the distribution at the particular prison and will forward a certificate of that fact to their Government. It seems to me that this plan is simple and will be effective. If you will suggest any other or any addition to the foregoing which will more effectually carry out the views of both parties for the speedy and certain relief of prisoners on both sides it will be cheerfully adopted by our side. You may rest assured that the Confederate authorities will consent to any measure that will best secure the end proposed. If this plan is adopted it would be well to have at least three officers at each prison on both sides.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Nashville, Tenn., December 27, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the number of prisoners captured by the army of General Thomas in the recent battles in front of this city, including the battle of Franklin, amounts to something over 8,000. Of these, 439 officers have been sent to Johnson's Island and 3,651 enlisted men to Camp Douglas. There are now ready for shipment to Camp Chase 19 officers and 2,400 enlisted men, who will be forward on Friday and Saturday next, by which time the railroad bridge near Sonora, which was burned by guerrillas on the 24th instant, will be repaired.

There are now in hospital in this city 67 wounded rebel officers and 1,001 enlisted men. About 550 are expected to arrive from Franklin, and 200 will be kept in hospital, being to badly wounded to admit of their transportation to this city. As those in hospital here

