
recover sufficiently to bear removal they will be forwarded to Camp Chase. On the recommendation of Governor Johnson, Major-General Thomas has ordered the discharge of such loyal persons who, without being mustered into service, were forced by the rebels to serve in their intrenchments, and were there captured and became prisoners of war.

Care will be taken that none but those whose loyalty is well established shall be discharged under this order. Having obeyed your orders as above stated, I have the honor to ask for further instructions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners West of the Miss.

NEW YORK, December 27, 1864.

Brigadier General H. E. PAINE, U. S. Volunteers, Present:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request information in reference to the following points, which do not seem to be clearly defined in my instructions, viz:

First. Am I permitted to write friendly or unofficial letters to prisoners of war?

Second. Can I purchase such articles as they are permitted to receive and send them to the prisoners of war? They to furnish money to pay all expenses.

Third. Can I receive bundles of clothing and packages of supplies -provisions - such as the prisoners of war are permitted to receive, and send them? The supplies and clothing to be contributed by relations and acquaintances, and all expenses to be paid by the contributors. I would add that at all the prisons the letters and supplies are examined by a U. S. agent before they are given to the prisoners.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. N. R. BEALL,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.

OFFICE EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Mobile, December 27, 1864.

Colonel C. C. DWIGHT,

Agent of Exchange, Mil. Div. of West Miss., New Orleans:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that according to agreement between Major-General Granger and Major-General Maury one of our steamers will go out to-morrow with a cargo of cotton to Fort Morgan. She is to return as soon as your authorities have her unloaded. As this will probably detain her some three or four days I would respectfully propose that you avail yourself of this means of transportation for the purpose of delivering to me the prisoners for whom you will have received equivalents at Galveston.

I have not yet heard of your return from Galveston.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES R. CURELL,

Major and Assistant Commissioner of Exchange.

P. S. - I can go down as soon as you notify me of your arrival with the prisoners.

