
Read the inclosed. Do you believe in a just, righteous God, who has said, "Vengeance is mine, I will repay?" You were said to have been ill lately. Did you then think of dying and appearing in the presence of this God? Think of the groans and sighs that continually go up to Him Calling for vengeance on your cruel and guilty soul, and remember that, though delayed, your punishment will come.

A. SUFFERER.

[Inclosure.]

CHICAGO, ILL., December 27, 1864.

(From a private letter.)

* * * The condition and suffering of the rebel prisoners at Rock Island is a source of agony to every heart not absolutely dead to the feelings of common humanity and the scantiest Christian mercy. There are from 6,000 to 8,000 confined there. Many have taken "the oath," any oath, to save themselves from actual starvation. These released same story. The allowance to each man has been one small loaf of bread (it takes three to make a pound) and a piece of meat, two inches square, per day. This was the ration. Lately it has been reduced. Think of it - reduced! All the released ones say that no man can live on the rations given, and that there are men who would do anything to get enough to eat. Such is the wretched, ravenous condition of these poor starving creatures that several dogs which have come to the barracks with teams have fallen victims to their hunger, and they are trapping rats and mice for food, actually to save life. Many of them are nearly naked, barefooted, bareheaded, and without bedclothes; exposed to ceaseless torture from the chill and pitiless winds of the Upper Mississippi. Thus, naked and hungry, and in prison, enduring a wretchedness which no tongue can describe, no language tell, they suffer from day to day, each day their number growing less by death; death, their only comforter, their only merciful visitor.

God in heaven! Shall these things continue? Can we hope for success in our cause? Will a merciful and just God bless and prosper it if such cruel inhumanity is practiced by our rulers? May we not provoke a terrible and just chastisement at His hands? No Christian heart, knowing the facts, can feel otherwise. Many charitable persons, influenced by no other motives than common humanity and Christian duty, have sent supplies of clothing to these prisoners, but they have not been permitted to reach them. I have heard of sales of such clothing having been made across the river at Davenport at very low prices. Is it possible that the authorities at Washington know of and approve these things?

A good many have taken the oath, stating afterward to citizens that they did so really to save them from starvation. I learn that there are about 5,000 confined here who have resolved to die rather than do so. Although they are wrong, is there not a sublime heroism in the adherence of these men, amid such trials, to a cause which they believe to be right?

[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 11, 1865.

This slip is believed to have been a pure fabrication by some Northern rebel. It cannot have had any true foundation. Nevertheless, am

