
of opinion that the paper and slip should be sent to Brigadier-General Wessells for such inquiries as he may think it necessary to make.

Approved by the Secretary of War.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. FORT DELAWARE, DEL., December 27, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 24, 1864:

Conduct - very good. Cleanliness - proper attention given to. Clothing - some of the prisoners are needy, and, as the weather is very cold, the deficiencies should be promptly supplied by General Beall. Bedding - consists of bunks and blankets, kept clean. State of quarters - clean and comfortable. State of mess-houses - in excellent condition. State of kitchen - clean and well conducted. Food, quality of - very good. Food, quantity of - receive their full allowance, which is equally divided. Water - a sufficient supply of good quality. Sinks - clean and well arranged. Police of grounds - kept clean as possible and being improved. Drainage - very good, and being still further improved. Police of hospital - very creditably conducted. Attendance of sick - receive excellent care and attention. Hospital diet - good and sufficient. General health of prisoners - about 6 1/2 per cent. sick. Deaths during the week -eight. Vigilance of guard - good.

Remarks and suggestions. - A requisition for such clothing as is really needed (and for, in fact, much more than is necessary) has been made on General Beall by the prisoners some time ago, but has not been filled, hence the increase in sickness and deaths.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. W. AHL,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Insp. Officer.

[Indorsement.]

I have inspected the barracks in prison and found them all in good condition.

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OFFICE SUPT. AND INSPECTOR OF MILITARY PRISON,

Saint Louis, Mo., December 27, 1864:

Colonel J. H. BAKER,

Provost-Marshal-General, Department of the Missouri:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 26, 1864:

Conduct - good. Cleanliness - improving. Clothing - sufficient. Bedding - tolerably in order. State of quarters - clean. State of mess-houses - the same old insufficient place. State of kitchen - satisfactory. Food, quality of - good. Food, quantity of - according to regulations. Water - plenty. Sinks - want a larger sewer. Police of grounds - good. Drainage - good in warm weather. Police of hospital - first rate. Attendance of sick - same. Hospital diet - in charge of the medical

