
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, December 28, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, General-in-Chief U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith a copy of a letter* from George H. Stuart, esq., chairman of the U. S. Christian commission in reply to the communication from this office of the 17th instant, a copy of which was transmitted to you at its date.

The Secretary of war does not consent that any letter shall be addressed by Mr. Stuart to Jefferson Davis, and Mr. Stuart has been so informed. The Secretary desires to know whether there by any objection to the gentlemen named by Mr. Stuart as the ones proposed to be sent by the commission to visit Southern prisons.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK, December 28, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I have received a communication from Brigadier General W. N. R. Beall, containing the following requests:

1. For leave to purchase supplies in anticipation of the arrival of the cotton; or

2. For leave to purchase the supplies on his own individual account and credit, giving therefor his own individual note.

3. For permission to receive and forward to the prisoners of war in our hands supplies contributed by their friends.

4. For a transfer of certain commissioned officers from Johnson's Island to the several prisons where none are now confined, for the receipt and distribution of the supplies.

5. For an order authorizing his assistant adjutant-general, Captain Beall Hempstead, now at Johnson's Island, to be paroled and join him as his assistant at New York.

6. That the Commissary-General of Prisoners be instructed to inform him of all changes in the number of prisoners held in our several prisons as soon as they occur.

In reply to a suggestion that a renewal of applications already refused might be deemed disrespectful, the general laid great stress on the non-arrival of the cotton as a new and urgent consideration, removing all ground for imputing to him disrespect to the War Department in renewing his requests. It is unnecessary for you to give any attention to the sixth application, which I can myself dispose of. I beg leave to refer the other points to you for instructions, inclosing copies of General Beall's letter and my reply.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HALBERT E. PAINE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, January 3, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to Lieutenant General U. S. Grant, commanding, &c.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See December 21, p. 1257.

---------------

