
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

NEW YORK, December 28, 1864.

General H. E. PAINE, U. S. Volunteers, Present:

GENERAL: I have the honor to send copy of telegram just received from Colonel W. S. Hawkins, one of the committee of officers to receive and distribute supplies at Columbus, Ohio, viz:

COLUMBUS, December 27.

General BEALL:

Twenty-five hundred prisoners coming her this week from Tennessee, greatly needing blankets and clothing. General Hoffman directs Colonel Richardson not to furnish them; the Confederacy will supply them.

W. S. HAWKINS,

Colonel, &amp;c.

As the cotton has not arrived, and since no orders were received in Mobile Bay to pass it out, twelve days after General Grant informed Colonel Ould that they should be there, it is clear that the non-arrival of the cotton is not attributable to the Confederate authorities. I therefore respectfully ask that if I am not permitted to purchase at once the supplies required, that Colonel Richardson be directed to furnish them, and if required, I will return every article issued to the United States Government when I do purchase.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. N. R. BEALL,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.,

Paroled Prisoner of War and Agent to Supply Prisoners of War.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

NEW YORK, December 28, 1864.

Brigadier General W. N. R. BEALL, 75 Murray Street:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date, containing the following request, viz:

1. For leave to purchase supplies in anticipation of the arrival of the cotton; or

2. For leave to purchase the supplies on your own individual account and credit, giving therefor your own individual note.

3. For permission to receive and forward to the prisoners of war in our hands supplies contributed by their friends.

4. For a transfer of certain commissioned officers from Johnson's Island to the several prisons were none are now confined for the receipt and distribution of supplies.

5. For an order authorizing your assistant adjutant-general, Captain Beall Hempstead, now at Johnson's Island, to be paroled and join you, as your assistant at New York.

6. That the Commissary-General of Prisoners he instructed to inform you of all changes in the number of prisoners held in our several prisons as soon as they occur.

As you have already been informed (probably since your communication was written) you will receive prompt information of any increase or diminution in the number of prisoners whenever needed, but probably a daily return from all the prisons would be neither possible nor useful.

Your first, second, and third requests seen to be virtually renewals of applications already refused by the authorities at Washington, by

