
whom only can the decisions on these points be reconsidered. The fourth and fifth requests will be referred to Major General H. W. Halleck.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HALBERT E. PAINE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

NEW YORK, December 28, 1864.

Colonel W. S. HAWKINS, Prisoner of War, Camp Chase, Ohio:

Your telegram has been received. The cotton has not yet arrived. I have asked the War Department to permit me to purchase supplies at once; if not, to direct Colonel Richardson to furnish the necessary supplies, and if required I will return them when I do buy.

Look to making those prisoners to arrive comfortable. Get the other prisoners to divide with them, with the full understanding that I will furnish all late arrivals when they are destitute first.

I, you can say to the prisoners, have their interests close to my heart and shall spare no time or labor to furnish them when permitted to do so.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. R. BEALL,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.,

Paroled Prisoner of War and Agent to Supply Prisoners of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, December 28, 1864.

GEORGE H. STUART, Esq.,

Chairman U. S. Christian Commission, Philadelphia, Pa.:

SIR: Your letter of the 21st instant and the form of a communication which you propose to send to Jefferson Davis have been received and submitted to the Secretary of War, who directs me to say in reply that he cannot assent to such letter being transmitted to Jefferson Davis, for it addresses him as President of the Confederate States, a title that cannot be recognized or employed with the sanction of the Government. The names of the gentlemen proposed by you as delegates to visit our prisoners in the South have been sent to Lieutenant-General Grant. If approved by him it will be necessary that they should report to him before going through our lines on their mission. Any proposition coming from the rebel Government to send agents to their prisoners in our hands must be made to Lieutenant-General Grant, and if approved by him submitted to the Secretary of War with his remarks. A letter from General Grant introducing the gentlemen whom you send to General Lee will be the best document for them to take with them and the only communication to official authority that can be sanctioned.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., December 28, 1864.

Judge ROBERT OULD, Agent of Exchange:

I will cause 1,000 blankets to be conveyed on the 31st to the point indicated in your communication of the 27th instant. The blankets

