
[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., January 12, 1865.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War and recommended that authority be given for the erection of three new hospital wards, as requested within.

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier General, U. S. Vols., Inspector and Com. General of Prisoners.

[Third indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

January 18, 1865.

Respectfully returned, with the recommendation that the additional wards be constructed by the labor of prisoners of war and paid for from the prison fund.

CHS. THOMAS,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Acting Quartermaster-General.

[Fourth indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, January 23, 1865.

Respectfully returned to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

The recommendation of the Quartermaster General is approved.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

NEW YORK, December 29, 1864.

Colonel D. T. VAN BUREN,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters General Dix, Present:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that on securing this store and opening it to receive samples of clothing, &amp;c., I had placed in the window a sign ("Brigadier General W. N. R. Beall, C. S. Army, agent to supply prisoners of war") to designate my place of business. As some remarks have been made in the Tribune in reference to the sign - the objection seeming to be to the C. S. Army - I propose to change it to read: "Brigadier General W. N. R. Beall, Confederate agent to supply prisoners of war," for I do not wish to do anything in the performance of my duties that can in may way create a feeling or excitement. Please inform me what are the directions of the department commander in reference to this matter. I would not trouble you with it was it not that I think some sign or notice necessary to the proper performance of my duties, and my desire to do nothing that is not in accordance with my instructions and wish of the commanders where I do business. I send for your inspection my parole and instructions; please return them.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. R. BEALL,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.,

Paroled Prisoner of War and Agent to Supply Prisoners of War.

