
Confederate authorities have constantly contended that the arrest and detention of non-combatants should be determined by rule. they therefore have not recognized the doctrine of exchanges as to them. To do so would be a quasi recognition of the right to make captures of such. In addition, special exchanges, even of the military, have been studiously avoided. They would impose an invidious task of selection upon the Government and produce dissatisfaction and discontent among all except those who were favored. I have had dozens of offers from the enemy to exchange Richardson. I have refused all. Some of the parties named have even equal merits with Mr. Hambleton. After the proposal has been declined in their cases upon principle, how would it do to exchange Richardson for Mr. Hambleton? Moreover, as Richardson is so dear to his Yankee friends, ought he not to be kept as a "persuader" to them to come to some terms on the question of the arrest and detention of non-combatants? For these reasons I declined Mrs. Hambelton's proposal, although I at the same time acknowledged Mr. Hambleton's high claim to the consideration of his Government. I have urged and urged the enemy to release him, but in vain. Richardson always turns up as his price. I shall be happy to carry out any instructions the President may give in the matter.

[RO. OULD.]

P. S. - I do not see how the circumstances of Mr. Hambleton's capture puts him in any better position than those who have been torn from their own homes and put in Northern prisons. general Bragg's passport extended protection only within Confederate lines, and beyond them Mr. Hambleton took his chances. It appears to me that if any discrimination is to be made it should be in favor of those who have not voluntarily assumed a risk. Mr. Hambleton did not go within the enemy's lines of public account. Praiseworthy as were his motives, he went on private business.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., December 31, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

The letter of Brigadier General H. E. Paine, U. S. Volunteers, to the Secretary of War, of date the 15th instant, inclosing one of the same date to same address from Brigadier General W. N. R. Beall, C. S. Army, together with your answer, referred to me, is received and read.

The arrangement for the distribution of supplies concluded between myself and Judge Ould is, that a committee of commissioned officers at each particular prison on both sides shall receive and distribute the supplies for that prison.

I accepted the condition that all committees receiving and distributing supplies to prisoners should be commissioned officers gladly. It gives this duty to more responsible parties, and their reports, which are provided for, will enable the Government and the friends of prisoners to know that articles were properly disposed of.

When there are less than three commissioned officers at any one prison enough will have to be transferred to give this number to carry out the agreement. I have to request, therefore, that such transfers be made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

