
OF course, if the Confederate authorities consented to these agents visiting our prisoners they might require in return the privilege of sending an equal number to visit their prisoners in our hands. If so, I see no objection to their sending men of good Christian character for that purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, December 31, 1864-12. 45 p. m.

Major General LEW. WALLACE, Commanding, &amp;c., Baltimore:

It appears from the report of Commissioners Bond and King that there are in the jail at Baltimore three prisoners of war, to wit: John B. Berryman, John T. Keetz, and Alexander Maxwell. You will please take charge of them and have them turned over to the Commissary-General of Prisoners, to be disposed of as other prisoners. There are also in the jail at Baltimore two civil prisoners named F. B. Capron and Edward Snowden, who appear to have been arrested without any authority by McPhail, professing to act as provost-marshal. From the report of the commissioners there appears to be no just ground for their imprisonment. You will therefore have them immediately released.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY COMMANDER,Louisville, Ky., December 31, 1864.

Captain S. E. JONES,

Additional Aide-de-Camp and Ast. Com. of Prisoners of War:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 31, 1864:

Conduct - good. Cleanliness - clean. Clothing - Confederate, good. Bedding - Government blankets. State of quarters - clean. State of mess-houses - clean. State of kitchen - clean. Food, quality of - good. Food, quantity of - full prison ration. Water - sufficient. Sinks - clean. Police of grounds - good. Drainage - sufficient. Police of hospital - good. Attendance of sick - Confederate nurses. Hospital diet - prison ration. General health of prisoners - good. Vigilance of guard - good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. FOLSOM,

Captain, 101st Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Inspecting Officer.

HDQRS. FORT DELAWARE, DEL., December 31, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 31, 1864:

Conduct - very good. Cleanliness - proper attention given to. Clothing - some of the prisoners are very need. Bedding - consists of bunks

