
and blankets, kept clean. State of quarters - clean and comfortable. State of mess-houses - in an excellent condition. State of kitchen - clean and well conducted. Food, quality of - very good. Food, quantity of - receive their full allowance. Water - of good quality and a sufficient quantity. Sinks - well arranged and kept clean. Police of grounds - with a little improvement will be excellent. Drainage - very good. Police of hospital - very neatly conducted. Attendance of sick - receive excellent care and attention. Hospital diet - good and sufficient. General health of prisoners - about 7 1/2 per cent. [sick], twelve deaths since last report. Vigilance of guard - good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. AHL,

Captain, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General and Insp. Officer.
HEADQUARTERS SHIP ISLAND, MISS.,OFFICE OF ASSISTANT COMMISSARY OF PRISONERS,

December 31, 1864.

Colonel E. W. HOLMSTEDT, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the condition of the prisoners of war at this station for the week ending December 31, 1864:

Conduct - good. Cleanliness - with some few exceptions good. Clothing - good, a few destitute. Bedding - straw. State of quarters - in good condition. State of mess-houses - none. State of kitchen - clean and good. Food, quality of - good and well cooked. Food, quantity of plenty. Water - as good as any on the island. Sinks - in good order. Police of grounds - well attended to. Drainage - good. Police of hospital - well attended to. Attendance of sick - good. Hospital diet - good. General health of prisoners -improving very much. vigilance of guard - admirable.

Remarks and suggestions. - Blankets for the prisoners of war at this post are very much needed. I would respectfully state that the exposed position of this post and the destitute condition of the prisoners make the articles specified above necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN AHLEFELDT,

Lieutenant, Seventy-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry,

Assistant Commissary of Prisoners, Inspecting Officer.

RICHMOND, VA., December 31, 1864.

Received of Honorable Robert Ould, agent for exchange of prisoners, ten bales containing 1,000 woolen blankets, to be distributed to Federal prisoners at Richmond and vicinity.

B. T. HUTCHINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel First New Hampshire Cavalry.

(Forwarded by Grant to Stanton January 6, 1865.)
HDQRS. C. S. MIL. PRISONS EAST OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Columbia, C. S., December 31, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: It appears from the present aspect of affairs that it would be advisable to remove the prisoners both from Salisbury and Florence

