
and the officers from this place. I sent Major Griswold to confer with General Beauregard on the subject. The general was very decided in the opinion that the prisoners ought to be removed, but could suggest no safe place, but thought that the vicinity of Columbus, Ga., offered the best prospect for security and food.

I might put them at Andersonville, but the general thinks it would not be well to put them all together. In that respect it would be little or no better to put a part of them near Columbus, as the distance between that and Andersonville is so short that for any purpose of attack it would be as one place, but no so for defense. Concentrating the small force we have for guard at Andersonville would probably afford more efficient means of defense than dividing them between the two places.

I see by the papers this morning that Kilpatrick in his raid has reached Thomas County, Ga. If so, Andersonville and Columbus are entirely open to him, for so far as I am informed there are no troops in that section of country. Under the circumstances and with my limited means of information as to the state of affairs, I am unable to fix upon any place that would appear even to be tolerably safe, and to greatly complicate the question the subject of food enters into the calculation. I deem the question of be of so much importance that I think it necessary to send an officer with this to Richmond and ask if, with your extended information, you could advise me as to a suitable locality. Be the decision what it may, I shall give my whole energies to the execution of it. I respectfully ask as early an answer as possible, for it is a subject that weighs heavily upon me.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]

JANUARY 4, 1865.

On the 17th ultimo General Winder was telegraphed to communicate with General Beauregard in reference to the removal of prisoners from Thomasville, and at the same time General Beauregard was directed to aid him in every way or take the requisite steps himself. This communication has reference also to the removal of the prisoners at Florence and Columbia, S. C., and Salisbury, N. C. These two officers, it appears, have conferred with each other, but cannot decide upon the safest and most desirable locality, and therefore seek the advice of the Department in the matter.

Respectfully submitted to Secretary of War.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Second indorsement.]

JANUARY 6, 1865.

Respectfully submitted to the President.

These papers present questions of so much importance and difficulty that I prefer to submit them for your instruction.

J. A. S.,

Secretary of War.

[Third indorsement.]

JANUARY 4, 1865.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

There would be an advantage so far as supplies are concerned in the proposed removal, but unless a part of Hood's army comes to the east

