
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS.

Washington, D. C., May 9, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Dept. of the Cumberland, Hdqrs. Chattanooga, Tenn.:

GENERAL: It is reported that there are a good men scattered along the borders of Kentucky and Tennessee who, whilst that part of the country was held by the rebels, belonged to small bands of rebel cavalry; but who, when the rebels were driven South, remained behind, and most of whom have since been subsisting themselves by marauding upon their neighbors. Many of these men are now picked up straggling through the country, and others surrender themselves, all representing that they are deserters from the rebel army, and asking to be allowed to take advantage of the President's amnesty proclamation of the 8th of December, 1863. This matter has been submitted to the Secretary of War, by whom I am instructed to say that the commanders of the Departments of the Cumberland and the Ohio will take such measures as may be necessary to select from those of this class of rebels who may present themselves, or who may be captured, such as may be permitted to take the oath of allegiance, and to designate those who should be held as prisoners of war.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,Rock Island, Ill., May 9, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, U. S. Army,

Commissary-General of Prisoners:

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report on that portion of your letter of instructions dated April 16, 1864, that refers to occupying the prison barracks for other than the purpose for which they were originally intended. Inclosed I hand you plan of west half of prison inclosure. Though very rough, it will answer the present purpose. * There is one error in or a misunderstanding of Surgeon Clark's report in regard to the use of three barrracks within the prison inclosure for distributing quartermaster's and commissary stores. One barrack is used for issuing commissary stores to the prisoners. The stores are hauled from the commissary building outside of the west front on days of issue to the issuing barrack to the right on entering the inner gate. In a conversation with Surgeon Clark subsequent to the receipt of your letter of the 16th ultimo he told me that he considered this a good arrangement. This plan was adopted both for safety and convenience. It obviates the necessity of a long double line of guards, extending from the inner gate to the commissary building on the west front. Under the old mode for issuing not only a heavy detail for guard was required, but the passage-way from the inner to the outer gate was blocked to a great extent for two out of every ten days, interfering with the teams passing in for fuel, police purposes, and with passing out and in of the various details of prisoners for work outside of the prison. Generally the issues of clothing are made to small squads under guard at the provost-marshal's office. Occasionally, when there is a large number to receive clothing, it is taken inside and issued from an empty

---------------

+ Plan omitted.

---------------

