
OFFICE LEE HOSPITAL, Columbus, Ga., May 10, 1864.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of State Confederate States of America:

SIR: I notice among the captures by our forces reported by telegram from Richmond the name of General T. Seymour, and have thought it my duty to inform the Government through you of his conduct toward our wounded taken prisoners at the battle of Sharpsburg, Md., September, 1862. I was at that time brigade surgeon of General Hays' brigade, and was left, in company with Surg. J. B. Davis, in charge of 117 wounded, most of the members of General Hays' brigade. We were left in a very destitute condition, but were visited on the next day, after the occupation of Sharpsburg by the Yenkees, by General Seymour, who immediately ordered the chief surgeon of his division to turn over to me any and all articles in his possession that I might need for the use of our wounded. During our stay at Sharpsburg General Saymour visited the hospital under my charge daily, often inquiring if there were any men who would be benefitted by a change, and whenever any were point out to him he visited General McClellan in person and procured paroles for them to visit Baltimore and remain there until such time as they were able to be carried within our lines. He also supplied those most dangerously wounded with delicacies from his own table and furnished for the use of all a sufficiency of tobacco, thereby mitigating the suffering of our wounded and exhibiting a most commendable spirit compared with the general brutality of the majority of the official under whose charge we were placed. I have made this simple statement hoping that the unusual kindness shown us by him will be reciprocated by our Government. I would respectfully refer you, should you require further evidence, to Captain William S. Harper, Company H, Seventh Louisiana Regiment; Lieutenant Knox, Company H, Seventh Louisiana Regiment; Surg. J. B. Davis, Seventh Louisiana Regiment; Surgeon Aiken, Fifteenth Re. E. L. Howard, brigade surgeon, Trimble's brigade.

Trusting this statement may receive the favorable consideration of the Government, I am, with feelings of great respect and esteem,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. ROBERTSON,

Surgeon in Charge Lee Hospital, Columbus, Ga.

[Indorsement.]

MAY 23, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Send a copy of this letter with instructions to Colonel Withers, at Danville, to acknowledge the humane and soldierly conduct described within, and to provide for the comfort of General Seymour as far as consistent and practicable until he can be paroled for exchange.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

AMERICUS, GA., May 10, 1864.

Brigadier General R. H. CHILTON, Inspector-General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 100, Adjutant and Inspector-General's Office, Richmond, Va., dated 29th of April, I proceeded to Americus, Ga., where I arrived on Saturday, the 7th of May. On Monday, the 9th, I visited Andersonville, ten miles from Americus, inspected the Federal prisoners at that place, and respectfully submit the following:

Prisoners. -The whole number of prisoners received at this prison since it was first established on 23rd February, 1864, is 13,218; the

