
the hospital accommodations and the comfort of the prisoners. At the earnest request of the officers commanding the prison and the surgeon in chief (if I may be allowed to do so) I would respectfully suggest that permission be granted the surgeon in charge to move the hospital to the outside of the stockade, and that a sufficient number of tents be furnished him for the accommodation of 1,000 sick. There is a shady grove within 100 yards of the prison which would be an excellent location for a hospital. The reasons urged for this change are that the hospital patients are much crowded in their present position; the prisoners with their camp-fires are densely crowded around the hospitals, preventing a free circulation of air, so necessary to the treatment of diseases, and the frequent forages of the well prisoners upon the hospital, rendering it impossible to keep the patients supplied with proper comforts. The hospital is divided into two divisions, with a full surgeon in charge of each. One of these divisions is subdivided into three and the other into two wards, each ward under the care of an assistant surgeon. A sufficient number of nurses and hospital stewards for all purposes are detailed from the number of prisoners. There is a surgeon appointed each day as professional officer of the day, whose duty it is to see that the hospital is well policed, and that the nurses and stewards discharge their duties promptly and efficiently, and this officer is required to make a daily morning report.

In justice to Doctor White, the surgeon in charge, permit me to say that he seems to attend faithfully to his duties, and regrets exceedingly that he has been furnished with no better hospital accommodations. He attributes the large ratio of death to the lack of vitality in the subjects, produced by long confinement in prison with its depressing influences on the mind. The diseases most prevalent among the prisoners are diarrhea and dysentery. There is, about one mile from the prison, a smallpox hospital under the care of one surgeon and one assistant surgeon, and containing only a few cases of smallpox.

Condition of the prisoners. -A large majority of the prisoners in their clothing and persons are extremely dirty, and assign as the reason that they are furnished with a very small supply of soap. To the truth of this the commander of the prison testifies, and says the commissary has been unable to obtain a sufficient supply.

General remarks. -I have been requested by the colonel commanding the post to bring to the notice of the Department in Richmond the importance of having a cavalry company stationed at the prison, in addition to the present guard, to act as an outpost guard, and to pursue and recapture those who may chance to make their escape. He suggested that this company be organized out of the reserve forces of the State.

I take pleasure in this report in testifying to the ability and efficiency of Captain Wirz, the commander of the prison. His activity and zeal in the discharge of his arduous duties is highly commendable.

In accordance with your request I shall await further orders at this place. Hoping that this report may furnish such information as you may desire.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WALTER BOWIE,

Captain and Insp. in Adjt. and Insp. General's Dept., Richmond, Va.

[Indorsement.]

File. Facts called to General Winder's attention. Hospital removed and other arrangements ordered.

