
Sandusky on the 8th instant and have established my headquarters on the island. Last night I received your letter addressed to Brigadier General H. D. Terry in relation to the necessity of increased vigilance in doing guard duty over the prisoners. I take pleasure in assuring you that your instructions in that regard shall be fully complied with.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel 128th Ohio Volunteer Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS, Off City Point, May 11, 1864.

ROBERT OULD, Esq., Confederate Commissioner of Exchange:

SIR: Being informed that the police guard, surgeon, hospital attendants, and signal officer captured at City Point yesterday were left there for the purposes connected with the exchange of prisoners, I have ordered their release.

Your attention is most earnestly invited to my communication in relation to colored soldiers.

Yours, respectfully,BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE INSP. General AND COMMISSIONER OF EXCHANGE,
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Alexandria, La., May 11, 1864.

Major WILLIAM M. LEVY,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General, Commissioner, &amp;c.:

MAJOR: Your communication of May 7, inclosing copy [of] statement of Surg. R. T. Gibbs, C. S. Army, of the circumstances of his capture and imprisonment, was received by me only this a. m., its delivery having been accidentally delayed until that time. I have laid your letter and the inclosed statement before Major-General Banks, and am directed by him to say that he regrets exceedingly the violation of existing agreements disclosed by the narrative of Doctor Gibbs. The detention of the surgeons named as prisoners of war and their treatment while so detained was wholly without his knowledge, was due to the maladministration of subordinate officers, and is entirely disapproved by him, and he is gratified to observe that Doctor Gibbs himself testifies to the fact that the grievances complained of were corrected, and as far as possible redressed as soon as brought to his knowledge.

Major-General Banks also directs me to say that instructions shall at once be given all officers of his command having charge of prisoners that surgeons of the C. S. Army captured by the U. S. forces in this department shall not be held nor regarded as prisoners of war, but when their professional services are not required, and as soon as circumstances permit, shall be sent within their own lines without parole or exchange. Also that enlisted men, duly detailed as nurses or attendants upon the sick and wounded, while rendering needed services as such, shall not be molested nor taken prisoners.

I will make personal effort to restore to you, if possible, the horses and other property taken from Surgeons Gibbs and Thompson.

I have the honor also to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of yesterday carrying the sad intelligence of the death of Captain A. W. Chapman and inclosing letters from Surgeon Wilcox and others.

