
I recommend the doing away with the ration of hominy, tea, and candles entirely, for this reason: I am told by Captain Sponable, inspector-general of prisoners, that they waste the ration of hominy almost entirely, and I do not consider tea necessary, and as for candles, I can see no use of their having them, except to be used in tunneling or in studying up some other means of escape.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. C. SKINNER,

Major, Veteran Reserve Corps and Commissary of Prisoners.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

CHICAGO, ILL., May 11, 1864.

Colonel B. J. SWEET, Commanding Post:

COLONEL: I would recommend that the ration to prisoners shall be composed as follows: Hard bread, 14 ounces per one ration or 16 ounces soft bread per one ration, or corn-meal 16 ounces per one ration; beef, 14 ounces, or pork or bacon 10 ounces per one ration; beans, 6 quarts, or 8 pounds of hominy, per 100 rations; sugar, 12 pounds per 100 rations; coffee, 4 pounds roasted or roasted, or 5 pounds green per 100 rations; soap, 4 pounds per 100 rations; salt, 2 quarts per 100 rations; molasses, 1 quart per 100 rations; potatoes, 30 pounds; pepper, 4 ounces; no rice, vinegar, or candles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. W. EDWARDS,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence.

MACON, GA., May 13, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

I have sent two regiments to Anderson to guard prisoners, without quartermaster, commissary, or surgeon, and am informed no medical attendance can be furnished at the post. I again ask what to do?

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]

Shown to the Surgeon-General, who will send necessary medical aid.

[Second Indorsement.]

MAY 17, 1864.

General WINDER:

Is there no quartermaster or commissary at Anderson?

J. A. S.

Secretary of War.

[Third indorsement.]

MAY --, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

There is quartermaster and commissary both at Andersonville, Ga.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

