HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., May 13, 1864.

Surgeon KINLOCH, Acting Medical Director of Hospitals:

SIR: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that his orders relative to the breaking up of the prisoners' hospital must be carried out at once. The abolition prisoners, white and black, must be placed in a separate ward of some other hospital and be kept distinct from our own sick.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, May 14, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have recently obtained from the U. S. marshal at New York a list of the prisoners confined in Fort Lafayette on the charge of blockade-running, &amp;c., by direction of this Department, and have authorized Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke to release certain of them. Of the number remaining there the following are important prisoners, and I have to request that they may not be disposed of in any way without the concurrence of this Department: *

In reference to the blockade-runners committed to any of the forts by direction of this Department, I would state that the object in sending them there is for their safer custody, and, although in military custody, it is the desire of the Department that they should still be regarded as naval prisoners, subject to the disposition of the Navy Department only, excepting those which may be turned over to you to be disposed of by exchange or otherwise. In future I shall cause you to be furnished with a list of those deemed important and not to be disposed of without the concurrence of this Department, as well as of those deemed unimportant and whom you may exchange or otherwise dispose of as you may deem best.

Very respectfully, &c.,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 20, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners for file for future reference and guidance in any of the cases to which these lists relate.

By order of the Secretary of War:

LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUDGE-ADVOCATE-GENERAL'S OFFICE, May 14, 1864.

Brigadier General S. G. BURBRIDGE:

GENERAL: Information has reached the Secretary of War that among the prisoners in your possession are quite a number captured with arms in their hands who, under the President's amnesty proclamation, had previously taken the oath of allegiance. It is added that the proof against many of them is of the most conclusive character, consisting of the written oath found upon their persons. Such offenders

---------------

* List here omitted contains thirty-three names.

---------------

