
are not entitled to be treated as prisoners of war, but should be at once put upon their trial before a military commission for a violation of their oaths and of the laws and customs of war. Their criminality is of the most atrocious nature, and should be visited with the heaviest chastisement known to the law. Such is the judgment of the Secretary of War, who instructs me to say that, beginning with the most conspicuous cases, you should proceed with the utmost promptitude and vigor in bringing these perjured traitors to punishment, and that when convicted the execution of their sentences should be swift and unhesitating.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.

BELLE PLAIN, VA., May 14, 1864.

Brigadier General J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Commanding Post and Defenses, Belle Plain, Va.:

GENERAL: By authority of the Secretary of War I have the honor to request you will forward the enlisted prisoners of war now at this post to Point Lookout as soon as the transportation ordered to report for the purpose arrives, and please forward to the same point any prisoners that may hereafter be sent in from the Army of the Potomac to the number in all of 15,000.

Please forward to Fort Delaware any rebel officers who may be received not exceeding 600 and not to exceed 2,000 enlisted men.

If practicable, a gun-boat should accompany the transport conveying prisoners to Fort Delaware, but in any case ample guard should be on the vessel with orders to be particularly vigilant. If possible, cooked rations should be furnished the prisoners before embarking.

I have ordered a supply of blank rolls to be furnished, which I respectfully request may be [filled] up with the names of the prisoners by regiments and companies, if practicable, while they are detained here.

Please direct the officer who has charge of the prisoners to take a receipt for the number delivered, and to account by name for any not delivered, a copy to be sent to this office in Washington.

Small parties of officers may be delivered to the provost-marsha in Washington.

I have the honor in inclose herewith a copy of the Quartermaster-General's order directing transportation for prisoners to be furnished. *

Captain A. D. Collins, Veteran Reserve Corps, is here by direction of the War Department in charge of receiving and forwarding by telegraph communications between the War Department and the headquarters of the army in the field.

I have already mentioned to you verbally the instructions of the Secretary of War in relation to the organization of a line of dispatch bearers to and from the headquarters of Lieutenant-General Grant, and the necessary orders have already been given for two lines a day, at 12 m. and 6 p. m. I would respectfully suggest that it would probably be found most convenient to fix as the hours of departure at this point 6 a. m. and 12 m. They would then return from headquarters at 12 m. and 6. p. m.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

10 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII.

