
place might save the men from influences that gradually increase where so many wounded are placed in close proximity as are now in this village.

Fourth. It is difficult to obtain necessary medical and hospital supplies, although every effort has been made to supply deficiencies by Doctors Eagan and Taylor, and indeed all the Confederate surgeons, to whom we feel truly grateful for their uniform courtesy and kindness.

I inclose herewith a complete list of sick and wounded, also of nurses and attendants, with rank, regiment, and condition. *

I have the honor to solicit your attention to the above at your earliest convenience.

Most respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

L. K. WILCOX,

Surgeon 130th Illinois Volical Director

Fourth Division, Thirteenth Army Corps.

SHREVEPORT, [May] 14, 1864.

Brigadier General P. O. HEBERT:

General Banks has not released any of the surgeons captured by him. General Smith directs that you keep the surgeons until the enemy's policy is known.

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

[MAY 16, 1864. -For Stanton to Meigs, directing arrest of Mayor Slaughter, of Fredericksburg, Va., see Series I, Vol. XXXVI, Part II, p. 829.]

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL OF PRISONERS,

ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,

Rock Island, Ill., May 16, 1864.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON,

Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the police of prison as good. Great care is being taken as the warm weather approaches to keep the grounds free from filth and slops, which, with a large police force each day, is easily accomplished. No change of importance has taken place during the past week.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CARAHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps,

Provost-Marshal of Prisoners.

CELL IN LIBBY PRISON, Richmond, Va., May 16, 1864.

Honorable WAITMAN T. WILLEY, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: On the 29th day of January last, in an engagement near Moorefield, W. Va., I was captured by a body of Confederate cavalry. From the date of my capture to the 3rd of the present month I was treated as prisoner of war. I was then notified by the prison authorities that I had been selected by the Confederate Government to be held as a hostage for a Major Armesy, C. S. Army, now held by the

---------------

* List omitted.

---------------

