
United States. I was also placed in a small cell in the basement of Libby Prison.

I could willingly suffer, endure this torturing confinement, if thereby my Government derived the slightest benefit; but to be thus confined, to suffer for the misdeeds of others, without beneficia results to the cause for which I contend, is certainly very galling.

Confined in the small cell that I now am, with the diet I receive, it is impossible for my constitution to stand imprisonment long. Hence I am induced to request that you will use your influence in my behalf, and if at all possible accomplish my speedy release.

Major Armesy, for whom I am held, has now been confined over a year, and I understand his case is not without extenuating circumstances.

Cannot my Government consistently exchange him for me and place one of her soldiers, now imprisoned, in the field where he is not only willing but anxious to fight her battles? I am willing to give my life to my country on the field of battle, but the slow, lingering death of hopeless confinement and starvation is uncalled for and void of glory.

May I ask that you will give the matter your personal attention and, if convenient, will your honor me with a communication upon the subject?

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. GOFF, Jr.,

Major, Fourth West Virginia Cavalry, Prisoner of War.

[First indorsement.]

Referred to General Hitchcock for report as to the case of Major Armesy and why he is held.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

WASHINGTON, June 8, 1864.

T. D. Armesy is held under the sentence of a military commission vide General Orders, Numbers 397, December 16, 1863 (herewith annexed). *

I know of no mode of meeting the outrage upon Major Goff but that of ordering into close confinement a rebel prisoner of corresponding rank, which I therefore recommend, and that notice of the same be sent to the rebel authorities.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Third indorsement.]

Approved.

E. M. STANTON.

[MAY 17, 1864. -For Meigs to Stanton, reporting efforts to secure the arrest of Major Slaughter, of Fredericksburg, Va., see Series I, Vol. XXXVI, Part II, p. 854.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 17, 1864-4. 03 p. m.

Captain G. W. BERRY, Provost-Marshal, Covington, Ky.:

The following telegram having been sent to you on the 7th instant,+ and no acknowledgment or report having been received, the Secretary

---------------

* See Vol. VI, this series, p. 708.

+ See Stanton to Berry, p. 127.

---------------

