
Wards 9 and 10, until recently occupied by smallpox, have been thoroughly whitewashed, renovated, and furnished with iron bedsteads and new bedding. One is filled with cases of erysipelas, the other with some cases of pneumonia and fever, thus making about seventy quite comfortable. But is already a serious question how to provide clean clothing, as I am informed instructions have been received that the payment of washing expenses would not be allowed. There is no building that can be occupied as a laundry, nor a place to erect one within the prison inclosure, while to employ men at washing in the open air at this season is to but select an increased number of patients.

The cooking as at present arranged cannot be done in an efficient and economical manner, and it is extremely difficult to secure for the severe cases a proper diet, even when the necessary articles are provided.

The experience of the past two months, as shown by the records, demonstrated the wisdom of the measures now in progress to provide a permanent hospital in buildings constructed for that purpose, as, with the prison but two-thirds full, 15 per cent. of buildings are insufficient for hospital purposes (besides variola hospitals), while their location, surrounded by a high fence which interferes with currents of air much more than in the prison proper (as the inclosure is smaller), would render them entirely unfit for hospital purposes during the warmer weather.

The condition of the variola hospital is far from being satisfactory, but from the more modified character of the cases that are at present occurring, as well as their diminished number and lower rate of mortality, I think with continued caution we may hope for an abatement of the epidemic, although a walk through the crowded wards of that branch of the hospital shows too much has not been done nor that hardly in time.

There are now in this department 401 patients, of whim 75 are convalescents and could be returned to barracks if we had suitable clothing with which to supply them, and it is very important this should be done at the earliest practicable moment to relieve the overcrowded condition of these wards, and unless this can be done it will be necessary that more accommodation be provided as a convalescent ward. But if a supply of clothing can be procured I hope to avoid the necessity for further increase. If more evidence of the urgent necessity of the new buildings was requisite it could be found in the startling ration of the late weekly and monthly reports; 104. 66 was the ration of deaths per 1,000 for the week ending March 5, and 330 deaths among 1,664 cases treated for the month ending February 9 shows a striking want of some means for the preservation of human life which medical and sanitary science has indicated as proper to be applied for that purpose. Nor does the prevalence of variola account in full for that high ration of mortality, as while 157 deaths occurred in 637 cases of that disease among 927 cases of other diseases 173 deaths occurred - a ratio of mortality almost unheard of in modern hospitals.

Feeling that every principle of honor and humanity dictates that no effort should be spared to save the lives of those suffering, misguided men whom the chances of war have thrown into their present position, has induced me to make this communication.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM WATSON,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, in Charge.

