
of War directs me to ask an explanation for the neglect which you have exhibited in this matter, and to report at once what steps you have taken to arrest the man.

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Inspector-General.

[MAY 18, 1864. -Fort Grant to commanding officer Confederate forces near Old Wilderness Tavern, in relation to medical supplies, &amp;c., for Union wounded soldiers, see Series I, Vol. XXXVI, Part II, p. 865.]

COVINGTON, KY., May 18, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Every effort has been made to secure the man alluded to as having been at the massacre of Fort Pillow, but without avail. Will write all particulars.

Very respectfully,

G. W. BERRY,

Captain and Provost-Marshal Sixth District Kentucky.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, May 19, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: Referring to my letter of the 14th instant I have the honor to submit the following list of naval prisoners now confined in Fort Warren, whom the Department desires may not be exchanged or released without its concurrence. *

On the roll of prisoners furnished this Department by the commandant of Fort Warren as naval prisoners are included the officers and crew of the rebel pirate Tacony. They were not captured by the Navy and are not, therefore, prisoners under the control of the Navy Department. They are, however, very important ones, and of course they will not be released or exchanged if it can be avoided; at least they should not be.

Very respectfully, &c.,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of Navy.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 19, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to suggest that the ration as now issued to prisoners of war may be considerably reduced without depriving them of the food necessary to keep them in health, and I respectfully recommend that hereafter the ration be composed as follows, viz: Hard bread, 14 ounces, or 16 ounces soft bread; corn-meal, 16 ounces; beef, 14 ounces; pork or bacon, 10 ounces; beans, 6 quarts per 100 men, or rice, 8 pounds per 100 men; sugar, 12 pounds per 100 men; coffee, 5 pounds ground or 7 pounds raw per 100 men, or tea, 1 pound per 100

---------------

* List (here omitted) contains 91 names.

---------------

