
WASHINGTON, D. C., May 19, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that there are now about 10,000 prisoners of war at Point Lookout, where 5,000 more may be accommodated. I do not think it would be advisable to assemble a greater number at that point. and to provide for an addition to the number now in our hands which may soon be expected I respectfully suggest that one set of the barracks at Elmira may be appropriated to this purpose. I am informed there are barracks there available which have, by crowding, received 12,000 volunteers. By fencing them in at a cost of about $2,000 they may be relied on to receive 8,000 or possibly 10,000 prisoners. They can be shipped directly from Belle Plain, on steamers already ordered for the purpose, to New York, and thence by railroad to Elmira, which will not make the transportation very expensive.

Fort Delaware can accommodate a few more officers, but no more enlisted men.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[MAY 19, 1864. -For Stanton to Schirver, directing the arrest of sixty male citizens of Fredericksburg, Va., and vicinity, to be held as hostages for the person captured by Mayor Slaughter, and Schrive's reply, see Series I, Vol XXXVI, Part II, pp. 934, 935.
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 19, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel S. EASTMAN,

Commanding Draft Rendezvous, Elmira, N. Y.:

COLONEL: You will receive instructions from the Adjutant-General to set apart the barracks on the Chemung River at Elmira as a depot for prisoners of war. The barracks will be inclosed by a suitable fence, and I would respectfully suggest that you construct it after the style found to be most secure at other depots. It should be eleven or twelve feet high, the frame being on the outside, with a walk for sentinels on the outside three or four below the top, thus giving them a good view of all that passes within. There should be ample room between the fence and the buildings, that prisoners may not approach it unseen. Two gates will probably be sufficient, one toward the river. The guard should be outside the inclosure. Please report on the condition of the barracks, the cost of the fence, and any other additions which may be required, and the number of prisoners the place will accommodate. From what I have heard, I judge the number will be 8,000 or 10,000. I am unable to say how soon the barracks will be required, but possibly within ten days. I inclose a circular of regulations for the government of military prisoners.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

