
would respectfully inquire whether these orders are still in force. Kentucky and Tennessee are now within our lines, and under General Butler's order to General Marston all prisoners coming from those States may be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance. This is the only military prison to which such orders have been sent. The practice now is to refer all applications for discharged on taking the oath to Major-General Butler, who directs what shall be done, or returns it for the action of the commanding officer. Enlistments are made whenever the applicants pass the necessary examination.

The foregoing is respectfully submitted, and I have the honor to await your further instructions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[MAY 20, 1864. -For Schriver to Stanton, in relation to arrest of prominent citizens of Fredericksburg, Va., see Series I, Vol.

XXXVI, Part III, p. 26.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,FIFTH DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS.

Lexington, May 20, 1864.

Colonel J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General, Washington City, D. C.:

COLONEL: Your favor of the 14th instant came to hand this morning. I am very thankful for it. Kentucky has already suffering incomparably by the depredations of returned rebel soldiers, who shelter themselves under the President's amnesty proclamation. The only means of combating this evil is by visiting it with prompt and severe punishment, and the benefit of the punishment is in the exact ratio to the promptness with which it is administered. I have to regret that you are not quite sufficiently explicit in regard to the extent of my powers in the premises, as well as not quite sufficiently latitudinous in circumscribing my authority. You must be aware that the class of roving, robbing murders, known as guerrillas, in this State, is quite as reprehensible as the rebel who has violated his oath. My power to punish this class should be coextensive with my authority in regard to the rebels. I regret that Southwestern Kentucky is not in my command, as it is the great theater of rebel operations. Complaints are daily coming to me from that quarter, and I have no power to redress their grievances, it being out of my district.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier-General.

MOBILE, May 20, 1864.

General COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

Some negroes captured by General Forrest at Fort Pillow sent here. Put them to work on fortifications. Chief engineer will keep records of the time in order to remunerate their owners. Is my action approved?

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

