
[MAY 21, 1864. -For Schriver to Stanton, reporting arrest of sixty-three citizens of Fredericksburg, Va., see Series I, Vol. XXXXVI, Part III, p. 68.]

FREDERICKSBURG, VA., May 21, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff of Lieutenant-General Grant, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to instructions from Headquarters Army of the United States, dated May 18, and received last evening, authorizing me to receive wounded soldiers of the U. S. Army, left in hospitals on recent battle-fields, from the Confederate authorities, I this morning proceed to the "Old Wilderness Tavern" with twenty-five ambulances under flag of truce. The major commanding the forces at that point declined receiving any communications, under instructions from his superiors, unless addressed to General Robert E. Lee, and I returned with empty ambulances.

Supplies were sent to the wounded yesterday, of whom more than 600 remain in the hands of the enemy at different points, viz. "Wilderness," Robertson's Tavern," and elsewhere in those vicinities. They were repented to be comfortably situated. The major commanding the Confederate forces stated that General Lee would be notified that I appeared to-day, while I agreed to meet again under flag of truce to-morrow at 12 o'clock at the "Old Wilderness. "

I have the honor to await instructions from you at this point, after which I hope to successfully accomplish their recovery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWD. DE W. BRENEMAN,

Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army.

RICHMOND, VA., May 21, 1864.

General D. H. MAURY, Mobile, Ala.:

Your employment of the negroes captured by General Forrest is approved.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[MAY 22, 1864. -For Breneman to Rawlins, reporting a second visit to the Wilderness battle-field for the purpose of leaning the condition of Union wounded, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XXXVI, Part III, p. 136.]
HEADQUARTERS, &C., Morganza, La., May 22, 1864.

Major WILLIAM M. LEAVY,Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 14th instant and two of the 19th instant.

Major-General Banks gladly accepts the proposition to receive the wounded of his army now in your hands on parole, and directs me to arrange with you at once for their reception. To make such arrangement it seems to me that a personal interview is necessary or at least highly desirable, and I beg that you will name to me as early a day as

