
possible and some point convenient to us both, at which such a meeting may be had. I send this, thinking it probable that you are at or near Simmesport, and trusting, thereafter, that it may reach you this p. m., and that a meeting may be appointed for to-morrow. At such meeting, if it may be had, I hope not only to arrange for the speedy delivery to us of all our sick and wounded on parole, but also for the immediate exchange for all other prisoners of both sides whose exchange has been agreed upon between us. I send with this some letters for prisoners and others within your lines.

I am, major, &amp;c.,

CH. C. DWIGHT.
HEADQUARTERS DRAFT RENDEZVOUS,Elmira, N. Y., May 23, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication dated May 19, 1864, in reference to the barracks at this post that have been set aside as a depot for prisoners of war and requesting me to report the condition of them, &c. There are two sets of barracks at this post, situated about two miles apart. The are designated as Nos. 1 and 3. The latter is on Chemung River and is the set to be used for prisoners of war. These barracks were built to comfortably accommodate 3,000 troops without crowding. The bunks are double. The buildings are in excellent condition and well ventilated. Four thousand prisoners of war could be quartered in them, and there is plenty of ground room in which tents could be pitched to accommodate 1,000 more. The mess-room is sufficiently large to seat 1,200 or 1,500, and the kitchen can cook daily for 5,000. There is an excellent bakery that can bake daily 6,000 rations. There is no hospital at these barracks, hence hospital tents will have to be used for the sick. A new hospital for 200 patients is being erected about one mile from the barracks. The guard-house is a building 75 by 45 feet, now used to hold deserters, and will have to be used for that purpose until another can be built at Barracks No. 1. The number of troops now here is entirely inadequate to guard a large number of prisoners, being only three companies of the Veteran Reserve Corps, numbering about 200 men. A fence twelve feet high was commenced to-day, and will probably be completed in ten days, surrounding the barracks. I respectfully request that six copies of circular of regulation for the government of military prisoners be forwarded to me, also such blanks as may be required to make returns. I would recommend that no prisoners be sent here until I report that the barracks are ready to receive them.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. EASTMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Depot.
HEADQUARTERS, &., Morganza, La., May 23, 1864.

Major WILLIAM M. LEAVY,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General, &c.:

I desire to make the necessary arrangements with you as speedily as possible for receiving our sick and wounded prisoners. To do so it seemed to me necessary that we should meet, and hence my letter to you yesterday, written in the hope that a meeting might be arranged

