
for to-day, but I am obliged to go to New Orleans to-morrow, and the meeting not being had to-day, must be postponed for at least one week.

The difficulty presents itself to me is in respect to transporting the wounded from Mansfield to our lines. Wagon transportation for that distance is, I suppose, not to be thought of, and I do not suppose that boats can come over the falls at Alexandria. If, however, you will bring them to Alexandria and will permit a steamer to ascend Red River to that place under flag of truce for that purpose, I will bring a steamer there fitted for the reception of sick and wounded and bring them away, having signed the necessary paroles and receipts. If this plan does not meet your approbation, and you can bring these persons to any other point from which they can be brought by steamer, I will meet you in the same manner at such point. I desire moreover now to make arrangements for carrying into effect as soon as possible the provision of our cartel and subsequent agreements for the exchange of all prisoners captured prior to March 21, and at the meeting which I hope to have with you upon my return from New Orleans I shall hope to be able to make such arrangements.

Any communication which you may send to me during my absence will be telegraphed or dispatched to me at New Orleans, and should you name a time and place for delivering our wounded to us I will make preparations to meet you and receive them.

It is my intention now to devote myself to the business of effecting those exchanges which have been so long pending, and I am certain that I shall find a correspondence desire and determination on your part.

I am, major, &amp;c.,

CH. C. DWIGHT,

Commissioner, &c.

C. S. MILITARY PRISON, Macon, Ga., May 23, 1864.

General JOHN H. WINDER,

Commanding Department of Henrico, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Many of the prisoners under my command are in need of clothing, and they report to me that Major Morfit, quartermaster in Richmond, has money belonging to them, and while at the Libbly they were allowed to draw so much money from him weekly. I know nothing about the statements, yet, at their request, I respectfully ask whether or not, if they have money in the hands of Major Morfit, they will be allowed to receive it here?

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. KEMP TABB,

Captain, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF RICHMOND, May 31, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

This post is not [in] my department.

R. RANSOM, JR.,Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS POST, Richmond, June 25, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

The money in the hands of Captain Morfit belongs to the prisoners; can be turned over to the quartermaster at Macon, from whom the

