
prisoners can draw, each man being allowed to have in Confederate money &amp;100 per month of the amount he has deposits, the gold or greenbacks being sold by the quartermaster at the current rates. The quartermaster will first get proper instructions from the Quartermaster-General in regard to selling the U. S. notes. He allows the prisoners the premium in Confederate money.

By command of Brigadier-General Gardener:

E. A. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS POST, No. 37. Andersonville, Ga., May 23, 1864.

I. In future, no person whatever, whether citizen or soldier, officer or private, shall have any communication with any of the paroled prisoners.

II. It shall be the duty of every commissioned officer belonging to the prison guard at this post to arrest any person he may see violating the above paragraph.

By order of A. W. Persons, colonel, commanding post:

R. D. CHAPMAN,

Captain and Acting Adjutant.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS POST, NO. 68. Andersonville, Ga., May 23, 1864.

In obedience to order of General Cooper, Adjutant and Inspector General, the artillery horses of Captain Dyke's battery, numbering seventy-five, will be turned over this day to Captain G. J. Dallas, bonded agent, and to be subject to order of Major Norman W. Smith, chief quartermaster transportation.

By order of A. W. Person, colonel, commanding post:

R. D. CHAPMAN,Captain and Acting Adjutant.

JUDGE-ADVOCATE-GENERAL'S OFFICE, May 24, 1864.

THE SECRETARY OF WAR, FOR THE PRESIDENT:

In the case of Fountain Brown, a citizen of Arkansas, referred to this office by order of Your Excellency, May 23, 1864, the following report is respectfully submitted:

This is an application for the pardon of a man convicted by a military commission of selling into slavery and running beyond the Union lines colored persons who had been made free by the President's proclamation of emancipation. The facts proved or briefly these: The prisoner, who is a preacher and presiding elder of the Methodist Church in the State of Arkansas, resided at or near Flat Bayou, and, at the date of the President's proclamation, held as slaves two families of negroes, numbering about ten persons, old and young, of both sexes. These families consisted of, first, Lucy and her husband John, two children that she had by him and two that she had by another person, supposed to have been one McAfee, a white man; and second, Delia, with her husband Horton and two children, one by him and the other by an unknown father. After the occupation of the district including Flat Bayou by the Union forces, the prisoner informed

