
none of the men at night to do their business any where on the grounds except at the portable sinks built for that purpose. If the prisoners do not obey, and insist on having their own way, the orders are, after warning them three times, to shoot them. I arrived on the ground in five minutes after the man was shot. I did not see the prisoners; he was carried away before I got there. If the sentinel on the next post was at the end of his beat nearest to where the man was shot he could have heard the orders that the sentinel gave the prisoner, but if he was at the other end he could not. It was Private Irving Williams, Company D, Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, who shot the prisoner, and not Private Peterson.

Private IRVING WILLIAMS, Company D, Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, called and duly sworn.

Question. What is your name and rank?

Answer. Irving Williams, private, Company D, Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops. I am the man who shot the prisoner. Don't recollect what day of the month it was. My orders were to let none of the prisoners pass the ditch, to allow no collections at the kitchen doors, nor to allow any of the prisoners to do their business in the ditch or on the grounds, only at the sinks. It was about daylight when this affair took place. The prisoner went to the side of the kitchen to do his business. I told him to get up. He said he would do his business first. Then he went between his tent and the officer's tents to do his business. I told him to get up. He again remarked that he would do his business first. I then told him to get up or I would help him up. I told him to get up three times, and then fired. Nobody was around there. A sentry was on the next beat, near the second kitchen. He may have heard me order the prisoner to get up. The prisoner lay and hallowed until they came and pulled him into the tent. Lieutenant Titcomb and Lieutenant Gaskill were on guard that day.

Statement of Lieutenant W. M. Titcomb, Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops:

On the night of the 21st of April I was on guard at Point Lookout. I was senior officer of the guard. At the time the prisoner was shot, between the hours of 12 at night and 2 in the morning, I was away from the guard-house, visiting my guard around the contraband camp. Did not hear the gun fired, nor know anything about the affair until I came back to the guard-house, about three-quarters of an hour after the gun was fired. Did not go into the camp until after the officer of the day came, when I reported the case to him. He, with myself and four men of the guard, went into the camp; went to the place where the man was shot, but saw no tub there; we then went down to the hospital where the prisoner that was wounded was. Did not speak to him; after that we went to the guard-house. My orders, that I gave to the guard inside the camp that night, were to allow no one to ease himself except at the sinks. First, to order them away three times, and if then they did not go, to shoot them. These orders I received from the officer of the day.

W. M. TITCOMB,

First Lieutenant, Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops.

NOTE. -Lieutenant Titcomb gave the recorder the above statement, he being unable to appear before the Board on account of ill-health.

Statement of Corpl. Miles James, Company B, Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops:

I was corporal of the guard at the prisoners' camp on the night of the 21st of April, 1864, and posted the sentinel (Williams) who shot the prisoner of war. The man was shot between the hours of 12 at night and 2 in the morning; there was no tub there at the time the man was shot. The prisoner sat down to ease himself side of a house, which was against orders; the sentinel ordered him to leave from there. The prisoner got up, but when the sentinel' back was turned sat down again for the same purpose. The sentinel this asked him what he was going to do there. The prisoner replied, "I am going to ease myself. " The sentinel told him to get up or he would shoot him; the prisoner not obeying him, the sentinel shot at him and wounded him, of which wound he afterward died. I went to the sentinel's beat to see why the gun was fired, and got there about four minutes after the discharged of the gun. It is mu opinion that some of the prisoners must have put a tub at the place where the man was shot, between that time and morning, as I am confined that there no tub there at the time the shooting took place.

