
(NOTE. -Corporal James was unable to appear before the Board, he being ordered to duty at Piney Point before the Board met. The above statement was taken by the recorder.)

The Board visited the prisoners' camp, but were unable to obtain any evidence from the prisoners having any bearing on the case.

It will be seen that the above proceeding prove that Private Irving Williams, Company D, Thirty-sixth, U. S. Colored Troops, is the man who shot the prisoner of war, Mark Lisk, and not the Peterson mentioned in the order conveying the Board of Investigation. It will be also seen that the statements of the witnesses of not agree as to the time when the prisoner was shot. Lieutenants Titcomb and Gaskill testify to its being between the hours of 12 midnight and 2 o'clock in the morning, while Private Williams asserts that it was about daylight.

H. G. O. WEYMOUTH,

Major First U. S. Volunteers, President.

WILLIAM H. HART,

Captain, Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, Recorder.

The Board of Investigation having carefully examined the evidence in the case of Private Irving Williams, Company D, Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, are of the opinion that the said Williams was justified in shooting the prisoners of war, Mark Lisk, inasmuch as it appears from the evidence that the aforesaid Williams acted in strict conformity to the orders he received from the officer of the guard.

Respectfully submitted.

H. G. O. WEYMOUTH,

Major First U. S. Volunteers, President.

WM. H. HART,

Captain, Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, Recorder.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SAINT MARY'S DISTRICT,Point Lookout, Md., June 11, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel William Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, in accordance with standing orders.

The opinion of the Board appears to me to be in accordance with the evidence, which was all that could be obtained. The investigation of the complaint against Private Miles Holloway was discontinued by direction of Major-General Casey, who was specially authorized to investigate it. The delay in forwarding these proceedings was occasioned chiefly by the illness of a member of the Board.

A. G. DRAPER,

Colonel Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding District.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT MARY'S DISTRICT, NO. 25.Point Lookout, Md., May 24, 1864.

The following additional instructions are hereby announced for the government of the camps for prisoners of war:

Prisoners will not be permitted to approach within twenty feet of the fence at any point except at the place designated near the sutler's store. During the daytime, that is between daylight and dark, sentinels will take in custody all who violate this order after being cautioned and will turn them over to the commander of the guard, who will see that they are properly punished. If the prisoner violently

