
resists the sentinel he will use his arms is such way as may be necessary to overcome him, and if the prisoner attempts to run away the sentinel will fire upon him, always being careful, if possible, not to shoot in the direction of other prisoners. If the prisoner escapes by mingling with other prisoners one of them will be taken to bear the punishment unless the offender is exposed.

All disorders of every kind are strictly prohibited, and on their occurrence sentinels will call fir the guard, when an officer with a sufficient number of men from the guard, will immediately repair to the scene of disturbance and take into custody all engaged in it, who will be punished in such manner as the commanding officer may direct. In all cases any resistance to the guard will be met with such use of their weapons as the officer present may direct.

The assembling of prisoners together after outside of their tents, or the passing of prisoners from tent to tent or to any other place than the night sinks, is strictly forbidden. Sentinels are directed to take into custody any individuals violating this rule, and when the violation is by several persons, if persisted in after being distinctly warned, the sentinels will fire upon them, at the same time calling for the guard.

In all minor offense committed by prisoners, sentinels will report to the guard the offender may be suitably punished, any will not resort to violent measures to enforce this order except where violence is attempted on himself, when eh will do whatever may be necessary in self-defense.

Sentinels at the sinks will see that prisoners do not pass beyond the prescribed limits while at the sinks, or while bathing; if they do, and persist in it, the sentinels will fire upon them and call for the guard.

It is the duty of the guard and the sentinels, particularly the latter, to be always on the alert. In case of an attempt of the prisoners to make their escape all the sentinels within their will fire upon them and continue to do so until the attempt is overcome. The guard, under its officers, will immediately repair to the scene of the outbreak and will take such measures as will speedily suppress the revolt.

In any case of the shooting of a prisoners of war by one of the guard the fact will be immediately reported to the officer of the day, who will repair to the place of the occurrence and as far as practicable ascertain all the particulars, which he will at once report to the commanding officer.

No member of the guard will be allowed to leave the guard-house during his tour except on duty or to go to the sink. Each relief will be visited by an officer of the guard while on post, and the guard and sentinels will be visited by the officer of the day once between 9 and 12 o'clock at night and once between 12 o'clock and daylight.

This order will be read by the officer of the guard to each relief before being posted.

By command of Colonel A. G. Draper:

RICHARD F. ANDREWS,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 25, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I am directed by the Secretary of War to acknowledge the receipt of your report from Point Lookout of the 20th instant. So much

