
I beg leave to refer you to my communication of October 23, 1863, to Brigadier-General Meredith, relative to the detention of Captain Battle. To that I have received no answer. I will be glad to have your views about the subject-matter of that letter as well as the information herein requested. Is Captain Battle regarded by your authorities as a prisoner of war; and if not, why?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., April 5, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: I have been reliably informed that a Mr. Jourdan, of Prince William County, Va., has been arrested by the Federal authorities and tried as a spy. I hope it is only necessary forme to bring the facts of this case to your attention in order to secure his prompt release.

Some time ago a party of Federal soldiers, clothed in Confederate uniform, visited Mr. Jourdan's house, representing themselves as Confederate soldiers. They made many and minute inquiries of Mr. Jourdan, and he gave them all the information in his possession. A few days afterward Mr. Jourdan was arrested by the Federal authorities as a spy. I take it for granted it is not the purpose of your Government to entrap any man in this way. I will thank you to make the proper inquiry into this case and inform me what course is intended to be pursued.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, April 6, 1864.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The Secretary of War instructs me to inform you that Major General B. F. Butler, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina, reports under date of the 31st ultimo that he has the positive assurance of Mr. Ould, at a personal interview, that there are no Union prisoners in irons in the South.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, April 6, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and N. Carolina, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: With reference to your communication of the 30th ultimo, stating that Mr. Ould, the rebel agent for exchange, complains that several men who had been declared exchanged by an agreement of May 8, 1863, are now in confinement at Alton, Ill., for breaches of their paroles, from which they had been released by said declaration of exchange, the Secretary of War instructs me to say that if you can obtain the names of any men held at the Alton prison or elsewhere

2 R - SERIES II, VOL VII

