
In conclusion, allow me to make a few remarks concerning myself. I am here in a very unpleasant position, growing out of the rank which I now hold, and suggest the propriety of being promoted. Having the full control of the prison, and consequently of the daily prison guard, the orders which I have to give are very often not obeyed with the promptness the occasion requires, and I am of opinion that it emanates from the reluctance of obeying an officer who holds the same rank as they do. My duties are manifold and require, all my time in daytime and very often part of the night, and I would most respectfully ask that two commissioned officers (lieutenants) would be assigned to me for duty.

I am, major, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. WIRZ,

Captain, Commanding Prison.

[First indorsement.]

RICHMOND, VA., May 25, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded. Recommended.

THE. P. TURNER,

Major, &amp;c.

[Second indorsement.]

Approved and respectfully forwarded. Captain Wirz has proved himself to be a diligent and efficient officer, whose superior in commanding prisoners and incident duties I know not.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

ANDERSONVILLE, GA., May 8, 1864.

Major THOMAS P. TURNER, Andersonville, Ga.:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the sanitary condition of C. S. military prison at Andersonville, Ga. The report for the month of April shows a ratio of 316. 1 cases treated, 57. 6 deaths per 1,000 of mean strength. There is nothing in the topography of the country that can be said to have influenced the health of the command. The location is elevated an well drained; the soil is sandy, without vegetable mold or other cryptogamous growth likely to the malaria. The large ratio of diseases of the digestive system has been due to long confinement in prison with the diet. I am convinced from observation that a majority of the cases of diarrhea and dysentery have more or less scorbutic connection.

The bakery and other culinary arrangements have just been completed, up to which time there had been an inadequate supply of cooking utensils and, in consequence thereof, the articles of diet have been insufficiently cooked. The ration is the same as that issued to Confederate soldiers in the field, viz: Beef, one pound, or in lieu one-third pound of bacon; meal, one pound and a quarter, with an occasional issue of rice, beans, molasses, and vinegar. The arrangements for a through policing of the prison are not yet finished. Through the center of the stockade passes a stream, affording an ample supply of good water. At the upper end of the prison it is designed to construct two dams of different heights, the upper to be used for drinking, the lower for bathing. Over the remainder of the stream are to be arranged the sinks.

