
The stream has sufficient volume and velocity to carry of all ordure. Once a day the flood gates of the dams mentioned above are to be opened, thereby driving off all deposits that may have collected during the day.

At present the police of the camp is defective, but the commander of the interior is using every effort to effect the arrangement mentioned above, which has been retarded up to the present by an inadequate supply of the necessary tools. The habits of the men as a rule are filthy in the extreme, and as soon as the arrangements for bathing have been completed, it will be necessary to completed them to bathe at stated periods.

The dimensions of the prison will not admit of exercise; the absence of which, with the depressing influences on the mind produced by imprisonment, is a prolific source of disease.

The large ratio of mortality is due to the debilitated condition of the prisoners produced by long confinement in prison and to absence of proper hospital accommodations. The worst cases are treated in tents, of which there is an inadequate supply. The present location of the hospital is objectionable for the following reasons: The prisoners with their camp-fires are densely crowded around the hospitals, preventing a free circulation of air so necessary to the treatment of the class of diseases prevailing; the mistaken kindness of their comrades who visit them and furnish them improper diet produces deleterious consequences.

It is to be admitted, however, that such instances are rare, as they are so utterly devoid of humanity as in many instances to refuse assistance to a daring comrade under the same blanket with him. Their true character is much more frequently manifested in predatory forays upon the hospital, robbing the sick of their blankets, clothes, and diet, in consequence of which it will be impossible to furnish the hospital with proper bedding and diet while the hospital remains within the stockade.

The drainage from the prison passing through the hospital grounds is another great objection to its location.

I therefore most respectfully suggest that authority be granted to place the hospital outside of the stockade, and that an adequate supply of tents for 1,000 sick be furnished until proper hospitals can be constructed.

Respectfully submitted.

ISAIAH H. WHITE,

Chief Surgeon.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS POST, NO. 38. Andersonville, Ga., May 25, 1864.

In obedience to instructions from Surgeon-General's Office, Surgeon Isaiah H. White is placed in charge of the guard and prison, and will be respected and obeyed accordingly.

By order of A. W. Persons, colonel, commanding post:

R. D. CHAPMAN,

Captain and Acting Adjutant.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., May 26, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

COLONEL: By direction of Major-General Halleck, chief of staff, your attention is called to the following extract from Colonel Marcy's inspec-

