
is kept advised. Men in our service are too easily captured and exchanged without question or comment. Men who intentionally throw themselves into the enemy's hands are not entitled to our consideration, and should not be received by us in exchange for real prisoners of war.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[Third indorsement.]

OCTOBER 10, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War in connection with General Gardner's application for relief of October 10, 1864.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, May 27, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have received a roll of seventy-one negro prisoners, captured some time since in Florida and sent to Tallahassee and from thence to Americus, Ga. Many of them admit that they or the slaves of persons living in Eastern North Carolina, and I am informed that they are all probably from that State and Virginia. It is so inconvenient as to be almost impossible for the owners to go to. Americus for the purpose of identifying and claiming them. Could they not be ordered to some more convenient place, Raleigh or Salisbuty, for instance?

Very respectfully,

WILL. B. RODMAN.

[Indorsement.]

Answered that the demand on the transportation is too great at present for this to be done, but if the request be renewed at a more favorable moment it will probably be accorded.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS POST, NO. 76. Andersonville, Ga., May 27, 1864.

The colonel commanding the prison guard will detail six reliable and intelligent men to report to Dr. Isaiah H. White, chief surgeon of the post.

By order A. W. Persons, colonel, commanding post:

R. D. CHAPMAN,Captain and Acting Adjutant.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPT. NO. 31. Shreveport, La., May 28, 1864.

I. The following is published for the information of all persons concerned and the guidance of officers commanding independent armies and detachments in the field. Officers capturing prisoners of war should immediately prepare duplicate lists, setting forth the Christian and surnames and the companies and regiments to which the prisoners belong. These lists should also show when, where, and by whom the captures were made. Should one or more officers be included in the capture the signature of the highest in rank should be obtained to attest the correctness of the list. One of these lists must be forwarded

