
inspector-general, on the condition of the Alton military prison, I have the honor to state that in February I received a report on the condition of this prison, showing that many reforms were needed, and I immediately gave minute instructions to Colonel Weer, the then commander, directing him to take such steps as were necessary to put the prison in a proper condition. Other instructions to the same effect were sent to him from time to time until the latter part of April, when I learned that in addition to grossly neglecting his duty and disobeying all my orders, Colonel Weer was a drunkard and had much abused his authority. I therefore immediately telegraphed to Major-General Rosecrans, commanding Department of the Missouri, requesting that he might be relieved, and his case be brought before a court of investigation. Colonel Weer was accordingly relieved and Brigadier-General Copeland is now in command, who I trust will do all that is requisite to bring about the reforms so much needed. Colonel Weer's neglects and shortcomings have all been laid before Major-General Rosecrans, who has doubtless directed the proper steps to be taken in the case.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., May 29, 1964.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose a list of Federal prisoners who died in Confederate prisons from February 27 to March 31, 1864, inclusive. *

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO E. MULFORD,

Major and Assistant Agent for Exchange.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 29, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Fort Delaware, Del.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 23rd instant, and in reply have to say that the three assistant surgeons of the rebel army who are prisoners of war at Fort Delaware will be sent beyond our lines for unconditional discharge as soon as practicable. I will inform you by telegram when the communication is open between Fort Monroe and the rebel lines.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

---------------

*Brief of original paper indicates two inclosures, covering deaths of 267 known and 15 unknown soldiers and 1 citizen in Andersonville prison.

---------------

