
arrival the discipline and order of the post will be all that can be desired. Let me suggest that if the business of the post is not begun early in the morning it will be behind all day. There should be a drill always before 8 o'clock a. m., by or under the superintendence of the field officers.

Report when you have removed the colored regiment to its new camp. Please refer to my letter of May 6 addressed to General Hinks.

Your daily telegrams should be sent at 9 o'clock a. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

RED RIVER LANDING, May 29, 1864.

Colonel C. C. DWIGHT, Acting Assistant Inspector-General:

COLONEL: In accordance with my appointment, contained in my communication of the 24th instant, I reached this point this morning. Not finding you here I conclude there has been some delay in the receipt of my note. I will therefore await in the neighborhood your arrival, leaving a portion of my escort at this place to apprize me of that fact.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILL. M. LEVY,

Major and Actg. Asst. Insp. General, C. S. Army, Comr. of Exchange.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., May 29, 1864.

Colonel C. W. HILL,

128th Ohio Volunteer Infantry,

Commanding Depot Prisoners of War, Sandusky, Ohio:

COLONEL: I beg leave to call your attention to my letter of the 15th of December, 1863, in reference to the proposed changes to be made at Johnson's Island depot, and to a letter addressed to General Terry on the same subject, dated February 6, 1864, and so far as it is now practicable I request you will at once put all the desired reforms in force. The matter of the sinks is one of some embarrassment, and as it has been managed, one of serious inconvenience, if not a nuisance to the prison. The police of the prison of the prison has never been good, in part owing to the fact that as the prisoners have been mostly officers it was difficult to get them to do what was necessary to preserve a good state of police, but in part also from want of good management. When you have removed the fence, as was proposed, you will have room for new sinks, and possibly you may find the ground or rock better adapted for excavating there than where they have been heretofore dug. The sinks had better be prepared before the fence is removed, that there may be no inconvenience from the presence of the prisoners. Place the superintendence of the prison in the charge of an active, reliable field officer, and require from him a report every Sunday morning of the condition of the prison and prisoners in every particular for the previous week and forward this report to me with your remarks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

