
9. While the pledging of the military parole is a voluntary act of the individual, the capturing power is not obliged to grant it, nor is the Government of the individual bound to approve or ratify it.

10. Paroles not authorized by the usages of war are not valid until approved by the Government of the individual pledging it.

11. The pledging of an unauthorized parole is a military offense and punishable accordingly.

II. These rules, being founded upon the usages of war, will be enforced in this department.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Rock Island, May 30, 1864.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON, Commanding Rock Island Barracks:

COLONEL: The work of constructing a sewer and water-works at Rock Island prison barracks is being done by me under the authority of the Quartermaster-General, with instructions to employ prison labor when possible and expedient. It is to the advantage of the Government that a portion of the work be done by prisoners, who are blasters, masons, tenders, &amp;c., by trade, and that such and other laborers be detailed for permanent duty, working every day ten hours, the same as if citizens. I am informed by my superintendent that there have already been detailed, at his request, some twenty-five drillers and blasters and twenty masons, and that these men are doing as faithful and efficient service as if citizens were employed at $1. 50 or $1. 75 per day. I understand that these men expect some compensation. I am not authorized to pay wages to prisoners. On the contrary the Quartermaster-General has directed me to make application to the commandant of the post for such prisoners' labor as may be required. In order to secure an early completion of the work there will be required for permanent duty (in addition to as many more prisoners detailed daily for ordinary labor) from twenty-five to forty drillers and blasters, from twenty to forty masons and tenders, and about fifty laborers. I understand from my superintendent that there will be no difficulty in getting enough competent mechanics to do the whole of this work, who are anxious to work every day for a small compensation with which to procure additional food, tobacco, &c., to enable them to endure constant and severe labor. I request that permanent details be made from time to time, as shall be required during the progress of the work, and in accordance with the foregoing statements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. REYNOLDS,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,Rock Island, Ill., June 1, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, with the request that I be allowed to pay these men 40 cents per day from the prison fund for their services.

A. J. JOHNSON,

Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.

