
indicated I respectfully recommend that thirty-nine more barracks be constructed on the plan according to which those now in the square are arranged. The changes which have been made make great improvement in the appearance and sanitary condition of the camp, as well as assistant in enforcing better discipline. It is believed that a sufficient warrant for any changes not authorized directly by you may be found in a letter of instructions from Colonel James A. Hardie, Inspector-General, by authority of the Secretary of War, under date of April 29, 1864.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. J. SWEET,

Colonel Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.

CHARLESTON, June 1, 1864.

General BRAGG:

The enemy continue their bombardment of the city with increased vigor, damaging private property and endangering the lives of women and children. I can take care of a party, say fifty Yankee prisoners. Can you not send me that number, including a general? Seymour would do, and other officers of high rank, to be confined in parts of the city still occupied by citizens, but under the enemy's fire.

S. JONES.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully submitted to Honorable Secretary of War:

JOHN W. RIELY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

John H. Reagan, Postmaster-General, relative to the exchange of certain Federals for whom certain parties are held as hostages. *

[Indorsement.]

JUNE 1, 1864.

Returned to Honorable J. H. Reagan, Postmaster-General.

I believe the parties named are at Salisbury, N. C. I do not see how the proposed exchange can be consummated without making a most dangerous and fatal precedent. If we release disloyal men because the Yankees arrest and detain hostages for them the enemy practically administer criminal justice within the Confederacy. Besides, such a system would invite unwilling conscripts to be disloyal in speech and act, so much so as to compel us to arrest them, the parties themselves knowing they would be relieved by the arrest of hostages. The War Department, for these and other reasons, refuses to make these special exchanges.

[RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, June 2, 1864.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Inclosed I have the honor to transmit lists of prisoners captured at the places and upon the dates designated. These prisoners

---------------

*Reagan's communication not found.

---------------

