HEADQUARTERS FORT DELAWARE, DEL., June 2, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to suggest the propriety of having the frame buildings inside the fort removed, as they were at one time on fire and liable to catch on fire at any time again, and from their close proximity to the magazines thereby greatly endanger the safety of the fort. These barracks are also untenable on account of the great quantity of vermin within them, which I have unsuccessfully endeavored to destroy. They could be advantageously transferred and made to form a part of the rebel officers' barracks and thus give us increased facilities for the reception of this class of prisoners, which is at present greatly needed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT DELAWARE, June 2, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I find this post in a satisfactory condition, but I would respectfully recommend that the Fifth Maryland be immediately relieved by a new regiment from a Northern State. It has too many sympathized in it to be instructed with the charge of prisoners of war. A heavy artillery company is required for the battery about to be occupied on the Delaware side of the river. The force now present furnishes only 615 privates for guard duty, which requires 200 daily. There are 8,124 prisoners here, and 2,500 more can be received.

Respectfully,

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS-POST OF CHICAGO,Chicago, Ill., June 2, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor respectfully to report to you that on the evening of June 1, 1864, an attempt was made to escape by some of the prisoners of war at Camp Douglas by breaking the lamps with stones and boldly attempting to break through the fence at about 9 o'clock in the evening. The guard attempted to fire, but out of four guns tried only one discharged. A patrol guard armed with revolvers came up and quelled the disturbance. No prisoners escaped. But this attempt was encouraged by a knowledge gained on the part of the prisoners of war that the guns with which the Eighth and Fifteenth Regiments Veteran Reserve Corps on duty at the camp are armed are worthless. These guns have all been condemned, and the inspection and report condemning them forwarded properly, with requests on the part of the commanding officer to the Ordnance Office for new arms and blank requisitions on which to draw them. This was done in February last, since when nothing has been heard from them. Inclosed I send copy of a letter written by me to Captain C. H. Potter, assistant

