
adjutant-general at headquarters of Northern Department, Columbus, Ohio, on the same subject, under date of May 12, 1864. * An assistant inspector-general has just been appointed at this post. He will make an inspection and condemnation of the arms, on which we shall try again for arms. Mean while I have ordered the guards to carry revolvers (as no reliance can be placed on the guns) with their guns, and respectfully make this statement to you for the double purpose of asking your influence and co-operation in obtaining arms which can be of some use in an emergency and placing the responsibility where it should rest in the event of any escape for the want of them. The utmost care and vigilance will be used to prevent escapes, but the condition of the guns now used certainly encourages attempts.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

B. J. SWEET,

Colonel Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps.

WILLARD'S HOTEL, Washington, D. C., June 2, 1864.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

COLONEL: The undersigned, residents of New York and Philadelphia, have been appointed-

To act as a commission for the ascertaining by inquiry and investigation the true physical condition of prisoners recently discharged by exchange from confinement at Richmond and elsewhere within the rebel lines; whether they did, in fact, during such confinement suffer materially from want of food, or from its defective quality, or from other privations or sources of disease; and whether their privations and sufferings were designedly inflicted on them by military or other authorities of the rebel Government or were due to causes which such authorities could not control. And that the gentlemen above named be requested to visit such camps of paroled or discharged prisoners as may be accessible to them, and to take in writing the depositions of so many of such prisoners as may enable them to arrive at an accurate result, and to adopt such other means of investigation as they may think proper.

We are also directed "to examine not only Union prisoners, but also some rebel prisoners recently captured with reference to the questions whether they have while in the Confederate service suffered like privations with those experienced by their captives. "

In the performance of the duty above assigned to us we respectfully request that permission be granted us, under such military restrictions as you may judge fit, to see and take depositions from some of the rebel prisoners now held by the United States Government and subject to your control. Allow us to suggest that your earliest action upon this application would be esteemed a favor.

Very respectfully, your obedient servants,

GOUVR. MORS. WILKINS, of New York,

Chairman.

TREADWELL WALDEN, of Philadelphia.

ELLERSLIE WALLACE, M. C., of Philadelphia.

[First indorsement.]

SENATE CHAMBER, June 2, 1864.

Fully believing that the granting of the above application would be of much public benefit, I cordially commend it to the favorable consideration of the War Department.

E. D. MORGAN.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

