
delay, and therefore ask that the utmost dispatch may be used in sending the Federal prisoners forward. Major-General Banks has delivered to me on parole Captain C. Le Elgee, assistant adjutant and inspector general; Captain D. F. Boyd, acting chief of engineers, and Captain W. Stevens, acting assistant quartermaster, of my staff, to be declared duly exchanged on the delivery to his commissioner of Major J. E. Cowan, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain E. B. Hall, acting aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Simpson, acting aide-de-camp, all of Major-General Banks' staff. I respectfully ask that these officers may be sent to me at once in order that the delivery and exchange may be perfected. I have included the officers and men captured in Texas in my negotiations for exchange in accordance with your consent as communicated to me last winter and from the same motives which operate in favor of those captured in this district.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., June 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General SCHOEPF, Fort Delaware:

General Wallace has been directed to send you a regiment of Ohio 100-days' men to replace the Fifth Maryland, which will be sent to Washington to report to General Augur.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DIST. OF INDIANA, NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,Indianapolis, Ind., June 4, 1864.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Columbus, Ohio:

CAPTAIN: I have just returned from Camp Morton, where there are indications of attempted revolt of the prisoners. Upon application of Colonel Stevens, commanding, I have sent three pieces of artillery, with ammunition, to cover the angles of the inclosure. last night stones had been collected in large numbers and tunnels had been pushed forward to considerable progress. They have destroyed some of their utensils and talk defiantly. A portion of the excitement grew out of reduction of rations. To-day the issue of coffee ceases.

The officers and guard are on the alert and will be doubled to-night. The force is inadequate for the duty devolved upon them, and lumber is greatly needed for necessary repairs. I have ordered an inspection of the prison.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY B. CARRINGTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Received June 6, 1864, 4. 30 p. m. Answered immediately by telegraph.

C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

13 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII

