
must be thus owned, as required by the rebel authorities. The men engaged in this blockade-running are not neutrals, engaged in traffic on their own account, had only liable to forfeiture of vessels and cargo if captured, but they are either employees or aiders and abettors of the rebels. Not only this, but these blockade-runners are generally spies, in rebel employment, of the most repulsive and dangerous character, enjoying the largest facilities for collecting and communicating information fatally injurious to the Government, if permitted (in virtue of the commission's interpretation and application of the laws of war) to disguise their real character in the habiliments of blockade-runners as defined by the laws of war. These blockade-runners are usually desperate, reckless men, and to discharge them is simply releasing unprincipled, traitorous men, whom the public safety requires should be prohibited from going at large. I therefore respectfully report that I do not concur in the recommendations of the commission in this regard.

Respectfully submitted.

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.

[JUNE 4, 1864. -For Parkhurst to Whipple, reporting number of prisoners of war and deserters disposed of in the Department of the Cumberland during May, 1864, see Series I, Vol. XXXVIII, Part I, p. 147.]
HEADQUARTERS POST OF CHICAGO,Chicago, Ill., June 4, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN.

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report by telegraph that no old tents could be obtained here for prisoners of war. There is a large supply of new tents on hand. If you should deem it advisable temporary sheds could be erected in a very short space of time at a small cost, and the same lumber could be used for permanent barracks. We could take 2,600 to 4,000 prisoners by putting them in such sheds, on short warning. There are some barracks in the garrison square-old barracks which have been in use by the garrison, but will soon be vacated by moving to new barracks. They might, should you desire it, be raised and moved into the prisoners' square, cut in two, and arranged on the same place as those now in that square, and would hold from 1,000 to 1,500 me. I have arranged to be ready to respond promptly to any demand you may make for quarters for additional prisoners.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. J. SWEET,

Colonel Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., June 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel N. G. WATTS, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: It is utterly impossible for me at this time to declare the officers and men who have reported at Demopolis exchanged. I cannot agree to give as equivalents for such an exchange the Federals who are in our possession while the Yankees have so many of our people in

