
the necessary funds for the erection of those building from the funds of his department, nor can any expenditures be made from the prison fund except as directed in the circular of the 20th of April, 1864, from this office, and for all payments the prescribed vouchers will be required. In your letter of the 9th ultimo you for first time speak of a fence and a sentry walk and covered way. What are these to cost? That I may understand the location, and arrangement of the hospital, please furnish me a ground plan, showing the inclosure of the prison with the barracks inside and the relative position an dimensions of the hospital inclosure with the building inside.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

LIBBY PRISON, Richmond, Va., June 5, 1864.

Honorable L. TRUMBULL, U. S. Senator form Illinois:

SIR: I hope you will pardon me for trespassing upon your time and patience, but my circumstances are such that it becomes necessary for me to ask your assistance. Over thirteen months have elapsed since I fell into the hands of the enemy. Any one acquainted with prison life can judge of my condition at this time. One month ago Captain E. M. Driscoll, Third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant L. Markbreit, assistant adjutant-general, Averell's division, L. N. Duchesney, lieutenant, First Massachusetts Cavalry, and myself were selected as hostages for the following Confederate soldiers, now held at Johnson's Island, under charges the nature of which is unknown to us: John Marr, Company I, Second Kentucky Infantry; George P. Simms, Barbour County, Ky. ; W. S. Burgess, Harrison County, Ky. ; T. M. Campbell, Nicholas County, Ky. We were forthwith placed in a small cell, where we now await the action of authorities. It is impossible for me to describe or give full details of our condition. I would very respectfully call upon you to effect my release if it be possible, as I am fully satisfied that I cannot long endure this additional shock. By giving me your aid and using your influence in my behalf you will place me under renewed obligations to you.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

CHARLES W. PAVEY,

Lieutenant, Eightieth Illinois Infantry, Colonel Streight's Brigade.

[First indorsement.]

CHICAGO, ILL., July 23, 1864.

The attention of the Secretary of War is especially called to the within as demanding attention.

Respectfully,

LYMAN TRUMBULL,

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 28, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the commissioner for the exchange of prisoners for remark.

By order of the Secretary of War:

LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

