
C. S. MILITARY PRISONS, Macon, Ga., June 5, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: The Yankee major of a negro regiment who was captured at the battle of Ocean Pond, Fla., is, and I think very properly, confined with negro prisoners at Adersonville. I would like to obtain permission to send to the same place Lieutenant J. O. Ladd, of company here, and who also was captured in Florida on board steamer Columbine.

I have in my possession about $1,100 in U. S. money (greenbacks), the property of prisoners. At what rate shall I receive it from them in exchange for C. S. money, which alone they are allowed to expend. Does the Government want this money; and if yes, will the quartermaster be directed to exchange it at such rate as may be fixed in Richmond? There is I believe abut $1,500 of the same kind of money still in Richmond the property of these officers. They ask that it may be sent here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. C. GIBBS,

Captain, C. S. Army, Commanding Prisons.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

July 2, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War:

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

JULY 5, 1864.

Major CARRINGTON:

How do you dispose of the money similarly taken and held for prisoners here? At what rate do you exchange if that plan is adopted?

J. A. S.

[Third indorsement.]

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, Va., July 5, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

By a decision of the Secretary of War, made in the case of Colonel Streight, whenever more than $500 are found on a prisoners it is prima facie liable to confiscation, and an investigation of the facts is ordered. In other cases the money found on prisoners is exchanged for Confederate funds at a rate fixed by Quartermates-General, and the original funds used for the purposes of the Government.

If the Government does not need the money it is sold by quartermaster of prisons at market rates, and the proceeds are spent by the prisoners as may be allowed by order of the officer commanding. The rate last fixed was four one, but now should be lower.

I recommend that hereafter all funds taken from prisoners be at once converted into current funds and the amount placed to the credit of the prisoner. Under the practice of keeping the money of each prisoner in a separate parcel money which was good is, by the fluctuation or the market, depreciated in value. Many of the prisoners under my charge have old currency on hand which will soon be valueless.

I. H. CARRINGTON,

Provost-Marshal.

