
Concerning the information you have received that Mr. Richardson was taken prisoner by the Confederate forces and murdered, I have to state that it is altogether erroneous. He was taken prisoner and forwarded to department headquarters by a guard with written orders.

Therefore if he was murdered it was done by the guard for his money. Hearing some reports concerning him, I had ordered an investigation of the matter before your letter was received, but from corroborating rumors I am inclined to believe that he bribed the guards and made his escape into the Federal lines.

You state that Private Brown was confined in irons on account of your receiving intelligence that his mother had given evidence that Mr. Richardson furnished information to a party of Federals which led to the capture of some Confederates. As I then had not command of this district I do not know whether Mrs. Brown had anything at all to say in the case. I do know this, however, that the guilt of Mr. Richardson was clearly and plainly established by a number of other persons.

To take another view of the case, were it true that his life was taken by a direct order from me, or by my connivance (neither of which is correct), you as a commander of the U. S. forces would have no right to attempt retaliation, from the simple fact that he was a resident and avowed supporter of the Confederate States and claimed or owed no other allegiance. Your very action in the premises indicates he was a secret enemy to a Government he openly upheld, and your letter will be used, should he ever be brought to trial, as strong corroborating evidence.

It is my very earnest desire to conduct the war in this section with as much of humanity and civilization as possible, and I hope no more threats will be issued with a view to my intimidation, as they will utterly fail to have such effect.

Rest assured that should the Confederate prisoner whom you have so cruelly and without cause placed in irons be at all harmed by you your men will gain nothing by it.

In regard to your retaliating for the distress that may be further inflicted on a defenseless woman, I would state that our friends in your power have received but little, ask and expect still less.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

THOS. H. TAYLOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 2, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commissioner for Exchange, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 28th instant [ultimo] in reference to the proceedings of a board of officers ordered by the commanding officer at Point Lookout to investigate the circumstances connected with the shooting of a prisoner of war at that post. * The order to which you refer directing a board to be assembled was not issued to meet this particular case, nor was it confined to Point Lookout. All commanders of posts where prisoners of war are confined have been required by the Secretary of War to order

---------------

* See Vol. VI, this series, p. 1105

---------------

