
Major Mason Morfit, commanding prison, Danville, Va., asks what disposition shall be made of boxes owned by Federals who have died, escaped, &amp;c.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 6, 1864.

Returned to General Winder with recommendation that such packages as are not needed by the hospitals be turned over to those Federal prisoners who are at work for the Confederate States.

[RO. OULD.]

HOUSTON, April 6, 1864.

Captain P. McGREAL, Commanding Post:

CAPTAIN: I am directed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communication addressed to the chief of staff, and in reply thereto to say most of the evils complained of could have been remedied by your own order as commander of the post. Locks and window fastenings could have been procured for the guard-house upon your requisition on the post quartermaster. They will be furnished you now and the jail put in complete order at once. If it is necessary you will confine the political prisoners to which you make reference in irons till the jail is made, in your judgment, perfectly secure.

You will permit no one to visit the prisoners alluded to without a special permit from these headquarters. It is reported that an officer of the detachment guarding the prisoners is now absent. You will at once ascertain by whose leave, and by orders prevent the occurrence of such an abuse in future, reporting the circumstances of his present absence to these headquarters. You will in person make two inspections of the jail every twenty-four hours, once in the day, once at night, and require the commanding officer of the guard to remain in the house with the prisoners all night, and order him in arrest and prefer charges against him for any violation of this order.

In relation to the guard at the theater, I am instructed to say it is optional with the provost of the city or the commanding officers of the post whether such guard be furnished or not.

The jail above referred to must be put in order to day, and Captain Garey, post quartermaster, will supply you with the requisite materials and assistance upon exhibition by you of the inclosed orders.

Very respectfully,

O. M. WATKINS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUDGE-ADVOCATE-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

April 7, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN, Nashville, Tenn.:

You have no authority to carry into execution a death sentence pronounced by a military commission.

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF CHICAGO,Chicago, Ill., April 7, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

COLONEL: Herewith find inclosed the monthly report of prisoners of war, with accompanying rolls. * You will perceive a discrepancy in

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

