
and moving can be paid out of the prison fund for the month of May, 1864, and will not exceed more than $2,500.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. J. SWEET,

Colonel Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, June 6, 1864.

Colonel JAMES A. HARDIE, Inspector-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have this day received the reports of the military commission appointed by Major General John A. Dix in the cases of thirty-four blockade-runners and one farmer, now at Fort Warren all of whom are commended for discharge and approved by Major-General Dix. Two are foreign subjects, seven are citizens and propose to take the oath of allegiance. The residue refuse to take the oath of allegiance, but will swear not to furnish aid and comfort to the enemy. I respectfully refer you to my report of the 4th instant relative to blockade-runners at Fort Lafayette, which said commission reported upon. As the cases at Fort Warren must necessarily be dependent upon the decision made upon the cases previously reported, I respectfully submit that in case these prisoners are discharged upon the grounds assumed by the commission and approved by Major-General Dix, then the arrest of blockade-runners hereafter will be labor in vain.

Respectfully submitted.

L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate.

ATLANTA, June 6, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

I have ordered out and forwarded a division of State troops, including the two regular regiments, of over 5,000 men. They have been accepted by General Johnston for the emergency and now obey his orders and receive rations under his order. Will they, in case of capture of any portion of them, be entitled to the same right of exchange as prisoners of war to which troops are entitled? Please reply promptly to quiet apprehension among the troops.

JOS. E. BROWN.

[Indorsement.]

JUNE 6, 1864.

Secretary of War for inquiry and reply on established rule of action.

J. D.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA, In the Field, near Alexandria, June 6, 1864.

Colonel W. R. SHIVERS, Commanding Post, Shreveport:

COLONEL: On 26th ultimo Lieutenant Allen Kirby, commanding post, Mansfield, was directed upon these headquarters to parole all sick, wounded, and convalescent Federal prisoners in hospital or about Mansfield, to proceed to Shreveport and deliver themselves up to you

