
as soon as they were physically able. Arrangements have now been concluded for the delivery of these prisoners, and a boat, the Champion, left here this morning for Blair's Landing and Grand Bayou to bring down all of them remaining at Pleasant Hill and Mansfield. Should any of the prisoners that have been discharged from hospitals at Mansfield or Pleasant Hill have reported to you, Lieutenant-General Taylor desires that you will send them down immediately to be placed on the Champion, if the boat that brings them overtakes here; or if the Champion is not overtaken, to bring them to Alexandria. Lieutenant Kirby was also directed on 26th ultimo to send to you all other prisoners in his charge at Mansfield, including any Federal prisoners that were well who were not employed waiting on the sick and wounded, but the only prisoners that it is desired you should send down at this time are those discharged from hospitals at Mansfield and Pleasant Hill.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. MAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS GEORGIA RESERVES, Macon, Ga., June 6, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Your letter of the 28th ultimo just received. With the authority it contains I will proceed with the organization of the reserves and not trouble you again on the subject of officers, unless in some peculiar case I take the liberty of asking your consideration of it.

I venture to address you on another subject which I am well aware has engaged much of your attention and is full of embarrassment. I allude to the question of exchange of prisoners. I need not say to you that the number accumulating in Georgia is not only eating up our subsistence, but are withdrawing for their safe-keeping a large force from the field upon from agricultural interests. To get clear of them is only second in importance to getting back our men now in Yankee prisons. I have no idea that I can make any new suggestions to you on these points, but I wish to say that the country will sustain the President in any arrangement he wishes that will bring about an exchange that does not yield two points: First. We must get all our prisoners back when the enemy have got theirs. Second. We cannot consent to regard our slaves as prisoners of war when captured in the enemy's army. All else our people will sustain the President in doing just what he thinks best that will result in an exchange.

As to Butler, they consider him a peculiarly proper representative of Lincoln and the Yankee Government, and would as soon receive our prisoners back through him as through one who would by the possession of some gentlemanly quality be a less fit representative of the Yankee nation. Nor do our people object to the exchange of negro prisoners (not slaves). I do not know the points of difficulty in resuming the exchange, but so deeply impressed have I been for some time that if possible the exchange should be resumed that I have taken the liberty of writing this letter.

I am, with sentiments of sincere regard, very truly, yours,HOWELL COBB,

Major-General, &amp;c.

