
[Indorsement.]

JUNE 13, 1864.

I am happy to hear the authority sent you will relieve from embarrassment in the further organization of the reserves.

In any special cases your applications, as they always do, will have much weight with me.

I send copy of my report,* which will explain my views about Butler and the exchange of prisoners through him. On the two points as to which you comment I agree with you entirely. I doubt, however, whether the exchange of negroes at all for our soldiers would be tolerated. As to the white officers serving with negro troops, we ought never to be inconvenienced with such prisoners.

J. A. S.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, Va., June 6, 1864.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Asst. Adjt. and Insp. General's Office, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to present the following report of my inspection of Castle Thunder Prison, Captain Richardson, commandant:

Prison buildings. - There are three buildings used as prisons, viz, Castle Thunder, with a capacity for 650 prisoners, containing at present 442; Whittock's building, used for negro quarters and prison for women, with a capacity for 350 prisoners, containing at present 109, and Palmer's factory, used for Yankee deserters, with a capacity for 400 prisoners, containing at present 160.

The prison are clean and healthy and the sinks free from noisome smells and filth.

There, is, however, one room in the wing end of the Castle the roof of which leaks, and I deem it necessary for the health of the prisoners and the protection and preservation of the building that it be repaired at once.

Prisoners. - There are 711 prisoners confined in the different buildings. They are hearty and well cared for, receiving kind treatment from both officers and employees.

Rations. - The rations furnished the prisoners are the same furnished to the prisoners of war in the Libby and other prisons in Richmond, being one pound of corn bread, one-third of a pound of bacon, and eight quarts of peas or ten pounds of rice to the hundred rations made into a palatable and nutritious soup.

Books of record, &amp;c. - The commandant, Captain Richardson, keeps a most excellent system of records and registry. His office books are neatly and accurately kept, and exhibit a complete and comprehensive record of each prisoner received.

Cells. - The cells are not properly ventilated and are not sufficient in number. There are four besides the condemned cell. I would respectfully recommend that four additional cells be constructed, and that the old ones be reconstructed so as to allow sufficient fresh air for the health of those confined in them.

Guards. - The guard is kept under strict discipline and a rigid compliance with desire to promote the comfort of the prisoners under his

---------------

*See April 28, p. 94.

---------------

