
report of commitments, (5) index of commitments, (6) register of Yankee deserters, (7) register of other prisoners.

The wards were as clean as could be expected and apparently free from vermin.

Rations for several days past: One pound corn bread, one-quarter pound of bacon and half a pint of rice. Meat was only issued five or six days in May. When there was no meat the prisoners got one and three-quarter pounds of bread. The cooking is done by captured negroes, and the arrangements for it appear good.

A hospital, under one surgeon and three assistants, is attached, containing 108 patients. There are fourteen patients from this prison in a smallpox hospital. Guard duty is performed by militia. There are twenty-six sentry posts.

*		*		*		*		*		*

Respectfully submitted.

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Lieutenant Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General, on Inspection Duty.
HEADQUARTERS COMMANDANT OF PRISON, Camp Sumter, Andersonville, Ga., June 6, 1864.

Captain R. D. CHAPMAN, Acting Adjutant of Post:

CAPTAIN: I most respectfully call the attention of the colonel commanding post through you to the following facts: The bread which is issued to prisoners is of such an inferior quality, consisting fully of one-sixth of husk, that it is almost unfit for use and increasing dysentery and other bowel complaints. I would wish that the commissary of the post be notified to have the meal bolted or some other contrivance arranged to sift the meal before issuing. If the meal, such as is now, was sifted the bread would fall short fully one-quarter of a pound.

There is a great deficiency of buckets. Rations of rice, beans, vinegar, and molasses cannot be issued to prisoners for want of buckets, at least 8,000 men in the stockade being without anything of the sort. If my information is correct, any number of buckets can be got from Columbus, Ga., if the quartermaster of the post would make the requisition for the same.

Hoping that you will give this your attention as soon as possible, I remain, captain,Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. WIRZ,

Captain, Commanding Prison.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., June 7, 1864.

Governor J. E. BROWN, Atlanta, Ga.:

Your telegram to the President referred to me for reply. * The troops must be turned over as militia to Confederate service. In that event the enemy are bound and have always the captives as prisoners of war. They have refused s to recognize troops merely in State service.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See June 6, p. 202.

---------------

