
HOUSTON, June 7, 1864.

Colonel T. S. ANDERSON, Tyler:

Major-General Magruder directs that instead of placing the Federal officers under your charge on parole you make arrangements for confining them in separate quarters from the enlisted men. Both should be closely guarded, but rendered as comfortable as the circumstances will permit.

S. D. YANCEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP FORD, June 7, 1864.

General E. KIRBY SMITH, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: We respectfully inclose to you two communications addressed to the U. S. officer commanding the Department of the Gulf and to Rear-Admiral Farragut, U. S. Navy, and at the same time request that the supplies therein asked for be allowed to come through your lines, and that the communications be forwarded with that assurance. In view of the urgent necessity existing for these supplies, of the protracted confinement of these prisoners, of the official delay always attendant on such applications, of the great distance which the supplies must be transported, if permitted, we would suggest the propriety of allowing some one of the officers confined here to accompany the application to New Orleans, on parole, and return with the supplies here.

Such a permission would be the highest assurance of your desire to provide for the prisoners within your department, and could not but be universally appreciated as honorable liberality on your part.

We remain, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHARLES C. NOTT,

Colonel 176th New York Volunteers.

J. B. LEAKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twentieth Iowa Infantry.

JOHN COWAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel Nineteenth Kentucky Infantry.

E. B. HALL,

Captain and Act. Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Department of the Gulf.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

CAMP FORD, TEX., June 7, 1864.

GENERAL Commanding U. S. FORCES, DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF:

SIR: By permission of the Confederate authorities we transmit to you the following statement, viz: There are now here 831 U. S. prisoners, captured at various times, ranging from January 1, 1863, to September 29, 1863. These men, who have been prisoners from eight to seventeen months, are in the greatest destitution. Many have been without a change of underclothing upward of half a year, a large part are without shoes, numbers are naked from the waist, and some have nothing but their ragged blankets girt about them in the place of trousers. No great city presents scenes of more squalid destitution than they afford. At the same time we find that while these prisoners have been apparently neglected and overlooked supplies have been sent by their Government, both of subsistence and clothing, to the prisoners at Richmond, and exchanges are daily made from men much more recently captured. The Confederate authorities inform us that they are unable to fill requisitions for clothing at this time or to afford these

