
number of prisoners unaccounted for of eighty-four. This discrepancy is caused by a change in the mode of keeping rolls and the result of placing new officers in charge.

On the 1st of March a new set of officers were placed in charge of the prisoners with orders to prepare entire new rolls of prisoners without regard to old records. The result of this has been that the new rolls show the actual number of prisoners now in camp. The discrepancy is not as large as I anticipated. The present rolls are being thoroughly verified by musters of the prisoners, and in a few days I shall forward another roll which will be in every way accurate and may differ slightly from the one inclosed.

The old arrangement of the barracks and the crowded state of the prisoners in them has heretofore made it very difficult to obtain a correct muster, but by some recent changes in this respect the condition of affairs is becoming much simplified.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM W. ORME,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,

Numbers 23. Annapolis, Md., April 7, 1864.

The undersigned hereby assumes the command of the Post and District of Annapolis, Md., including Camp Parole, and announced the following staff:

Lieutenant J. S. Wharton, Fourteenth U. S. Infantry, post adjutant Captain G. S. Blodgett, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers, post quartermaster; Captain A. H. Clements, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Volunteers, post commissary; Captain F. J. Keffer, Seventy-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, provost-marshal.

Camp Parole: Lieutenant N. Redmond, Fourth U. s. Artillery; adjutant; Captain J. A. Doyle, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Volunteers, commissary; Lieutenant G. S. Carpenter, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, quartermaster; Captain A. W. Briggs, One hundred and sixth New York Volunteers, provost-marshal; Surg. F. H. Gross, U. S. Volunteers, in charge; W. S. G. Elliott, A. T. Piek, and F. N. Lincoln, acting assistant surgeons.

College Green Barracks: Major S. E. Chamberlain, First Massachusetts Cavalry, commanding.

College Green Barracks: Major S. E. Chamberlain, First Massachusetts Cavalry, commanding.

The colonel commanding earnestly requests the confidence and support of the citizens of Annapolis in his efforts to maintain good order within the limits of his command.

ADRIAN R. ROOT,

Colonel Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers, Commanding Post.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 96. Saint Louis, Mo., April 7, 1864.

* * * *

7. Colonel William Myers, chief quartermaster Department of the Missouri, is hereby directed to cause to be made, under his supervision and as soon as practicable, such repairs and alternations upon the military prison hospital at Alton, Ill., as the interests of the service may require.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

