
Sachem, whose term of imprisonment extends from nine to seventeen months, and also of the Signal, recently captured. Many of the first named have already died of disease, and sickness is now spreading with appalling rapidity among the remainder. The coming summer will, without doubt, produce unexampled mortality. Many are already destitute of clothing, with nothing but rags to cover their nakedness. They are also without blankets or shoes, and have but few medicines or hospital stores for the sick.

The Confederate authorities being unable to afford us clothing, or a full supply of medicines, and our necessities having become exceedingly great, we appeal to our Government, and to you, to have them forwarded to us. Similar supplies having been forwarded by our authorities to Federal prisoners at Richmond, Va., it is believed they will be received and forwarded by the Confederate authorities in this department, and in connection with the above I beg leave to refer you to a communication similar to this, forwarded from the senior military officer here to the commanding general of the department, and respectfully suggest that the supplies for the naval and military prisoners be forwarded together. I send with this a list of clothing and medicines required for the use of the naval prisoners here. I deem it my duty also call your attention to the fact that exchange of prisoners between the opposing armies are of frequent occurrence. That many military prisoners, captured long since the naval prisoners now here, have been already exchanged, and that at the present time there are arrangements being perfected for further exchange in this department. In view of the above facts the naval prisoners now here appeal to you to look after their interests and to obtain for them and equal share in the advantages of such exchange arrangements as may be effected.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDERICK CROCKER,

Acting Volunteer Lieutenant and Senior Officer.

List of articles required for naval Ford, Tex.

Name of vessel. 	 Number of	 Under-	 Drawers. 	 Toursers.

 crew. 	 shirts.

Morning Light	 70	 140	 140	 70

Velocity	 15	 30	 30	 15

Clifton	 90	 180	 180	 90

Sachem	 30	 60	 60	 30

Total	 205	 410	 410	 205

Name of vessel. 	 Blankets.	 Socks. 	 Shoes. 	 Wool

 	 	 	 shirts.

Morning Light	 70	 140	 70	 70

Velocity	 15	 30	 15	 15

Clifton	 90 	 180	 90	 90

Sachem	 30	 60	 30	 30

Total	 205 	 410	 205	 205

Medicines: Quinine, calomel, blue mass, opium proto iodide of mercury, muriated tinc. iron, nitrate silver, ipecac, nitrate potash, sulphate magnesia, Dover's powders, antimony, carbonate ammonia, camphor (gum), stimulants, morphine, small quantity of assorted medicines.

Respectfully submitted.

FREDERICK CROCKER,

Acting Volunteer Lieutenant and Senior Officer.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, June 8, 1864.

Hon. ROBERT C. SCHENCK,

Chairman Committee on Military Affairs, House Representatives:

SIR: In answer to your note accompanying the resolution of the House of Representatives, inquiring "by what authority and under

