
whose direction rebels are interspersed with the National soldiers throughout the various hospitals of this city," I have the honor to submit a copy of the report of Colonel Barnes, the acting surgeon-general, which contains all the information in the possession of this Department relating to the subject of inquiry. *

Your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, EXCHANGE BUREAU, Richmond, Va., June 8, 1864.

Major JOHN E. MULFORD, Assistant Agent of Exchange:

SIR: The Confederate authorities being unwilling to permit any passing through their lines in the present situation of affairs, I am directed to inform you that it is not deemed advisable that there should be any delivery of prisoners by flag-of-truce boats in James River during the pending military operations against Richmond. This Government is ready to join in the selection of some other convenient place not subject to the foregoing objection.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

JUNE 8, 1864.

Captain J. A. BLAKE,

Commanding Chesapeake Military Prison, Camp Hamilton, Va.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward herewith the following-named prisoners of war to await transportation to the point of exchange, viz: R. W. Baylor, captain, Twelfth Virginia Cavalry; L. M. Potter, assistant surgeon, C. S. Army; J. C. Wood, assistant surgeon, C. S. Army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. W. SHELLY,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshal.

CINCINNATI, June 8, 1864.

Hon. S. P. CHASE:

DEAR SIR: I beg to inclose to you this letter of Leopold Markbreit, late [acting] assistant adjutant-general to General Averell, but now in Libby Prison. He is a brother of Hassaurek. You will see his condition from his letter. Cannot something be done for him? He is in every way a most excellent person. Please do what you can for him and let me know if anything can be done.

Most truly, yours,

W. M. DICKSON.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, VA., May 5, 1864.

Miss FANNIE MARKBREIT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

MY DEAR FANNIE: On the 5th instant three officers and myself were confined in a cell as hostages for four Confederate soldiers (not officers) said to be held in closed confinement by our Government on Johnson's Island. I have no idea how long I shall be kept in a cell, but I fear that if my friends in the North will not do something there

---------------

*See June 3, p. 191.

---------------

