
is no telling how long my confinement may last. I wish you or Jennie to go at once to Judge Dickson on receipt of this, and tell him that if I ever needed friends I need them now. Tell him that, relying on his acts of former kindnesses, I feel confident that he will not forsake me now. I was selected as a hostage owing to the position I held on General A. 's staff. If the judge should think so you may see some of our other friends. Address your letters in care of Lieutenant John Latouche, C. S. Army, Libby Prison, &amp;c. Good-by. My love to all inquiring friends and remember.

Your brother,

L. MARKBREIT.

P. S. - Write to mother and Fred and give them much love from me.

[First indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 13, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners for reports as to the facts within stated, and as to the confinement of the four Confederate soldiers.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C., June 20, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

The accompanying list contains the names of all prisoners under sentence at Johnson's Island, and gives all the information in relation to them that can be found in the records. The three mentioned in the telegram from Colonel Hill as being in close confinement are probably the parties referred to in the within letters. * One mentioned by Colonel Hill is a deserter from the Federal Army.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Third indorsement.]

WASHINGTON, June 21, 1864.

It does not appear that there are in close confinement at Johnson's Island my rebel prisoners except those under regular sentences by military courts. There are some cases of convicted spies, taken in Kentucky, whose sentences have practically been commuted to confinement, and it is supposed that these are the cases pointed at by the close confinement in Libby of Lieutenant Pavey, Captain Driscoll, Lieutenant Markbreit.

I see no other remedy but that of confining in a similar manner a like number of rebel officers.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Fourth indorsement.]

JUNE 24, 1864.

The Secretary of War directs that a like number of officers be confined in a similar manner at Fort Delaware and that notice of this fact be given to the rebel authorities.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See p. 213.

---------------

