
SANDUSKY, June 19, 1864. (Received 20th.)

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

There are four prisoners in close confinement and none others since I came here. There are: W. S. Burgess, spy; H. P. Esteph, spy; John C. Shore, deserter, and George P. Simms, spy. They were tried by court-martial in Cincinnati, Ohio; sentence approved by General Burnside, then in command of the department.

Your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, DEPT. OF N. CAROLINA AND SOUTHERN VIRGINIA, Goldsborough, N. C., June 8, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I am informed by the officer who established the post at Andersonville, Ga., that there are no quarters of any kind immediately at that place; in fact, but one house. I desire have authority to establish myself at some point in the vicinity near enough to enable me to exercise a perfect supervision of the post, and at the same time secure quarters for myself and family. Americas is ten miles distant, with direct railroad communication. Will you inform me if I will have any connection with the prisons at Macon; and if so, what? I will be glad if you will reply to the preceding and questions at your earliest convenience, directing to Andersonville, Ga.

I expect to turn over the command and leave here June the 10th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO. H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, June 13, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

General Winder was ordered to Georgia upon the representation of General Cobb that an officer of rank was required, especially at Andersonville.

At that place the great mass (estimated at about 15,000) of the Federal prisoners are collected, and there it is believed it is essentially necessary General Winder should be permanently established. His presence alone will have a beneficial effect upon the guard and the prisoners. He can inspect frequently the prisons and see that subordinate officers discharge their duties fully, and in the event of any emeute to take prompt measures for quelling it. These would be defeated if his headquarters were elsewhere than at the post. He has been heretofore telegraphed to proceed to Andersonville, and also that he would exercise a supervision over the officer's prison at Macon.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Second indorsement.]

JUNE 17, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

In view of the suggestions of the above indorsement I cannot accord the request made by General Winder, but am constrained to require

