
Whether they are made to work on the fortifications or be sent to the penitentiary does not concern them. They desire them placed in such position as the law provides and where they can exert no influence injurious to the best interests of this community.

If you should desire any consultation on the subject with the city authorities, we will be happy to wait on you at such time as you may designate.

I have the honor to remain, yours, very respectfully,

WILLIAM ANDERS,

Mayor.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS POST, No. 40. Andersonville, Ga., June 8, 1864.

I. In future no citizen or soldier will employ any of the paroled prisoners to do any kind of work without written permission from post headquarters.

II. In making applications for the employment of prisoners to do any work, the applicant should state particularly what kind of labor he wishes the prisoners or prisoners to perform.

By order of A. W. Persons, colonel commanding, &amp;c.:

R. D. CHAPMAN,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., June 8, 1864.

Captain W. J. GAYER, Provost-Marshal, Charleston, S. C.:

CAPTAIN: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to direct that you send to Andersonville, Ga., such of the sick and wounded Federal prisoners left in the hospitals in this city as will be designated by the medical director of general hospitals as able to travel.

For the future no Federal prisoner, except in extreme cases, will be allowed to enter hospitals here.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS, June 9, 1864-7. 30. p. m.

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War: *

*		*		*		*		*		*

Communication through flag of truce is cut off - firstly, because of a communication by myself to Commissioner Ould making inquiry whether negro soldiers would be treated as prisoners of war if captured. Secondly, sent up for wounded prisoners, which they refused to deliver, I having refused to deliver well ones until that question is definitely settled. This was in obedience to my instructions from the lieutenant-general. Major Mulford, you will see, therefore, is not in fault. +

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*For full text of this communication see Series I, Vol. XXXVI, Part III, p. 717.

+This in reply to Stanton of June 8, complaining that Mulford had failed to send Richmond papers; see Series I, Vol. XXXVI, Part III, p. 704.

---------------

