
Territory. Those that we send beyond our lines may take their families and a limited amount of baggage, under such restrictions as you may impose.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. WEST,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

RUTERSVILLE POST-OFFICE, FAYETTE COUNTY, May 15, 1864.

His Excellency Governor P. MURRAH, Austin:

After having consulted personally learned men, friends, and others at San Antonio, Austin, and Houston, and exhausted all means I could afford to relieve my husband, R. Hillebrnd, from the terrible condition in which he is kept in the county jail at Anderson, I apply again to you, the highest authority in the State. My husband's own report of his suffering has filled me with the deepest anxiety - almost despair. He is confined with six others in a small subterranean room, in which the vitiated and infectious air is obliged to be ruinous to health and life. Two of his co-prisoners have already fallen dangerously ill, and are perhaps dead by this time, their disease being typhus. To judge from his complaints, my husband is to meet with the same fate, which would not only afflict but ruin myself and children. All this I am doomed to endure, though I would swear a solemn oath that Mr. Hillebrnd [has] not violated any law; that he has committed no reproachable act. I would be willing to appear before our Redeemer to be judged for eternity with this oath on my lips. General Magruder himself has told me some time ago he know my husband to be the least guilty of the prisoners, and he promised me positively to release him in two or three weeks. He failed, however, to do so, but sent him, on the contrary, in the above-named locality, where death is unavoidable. Judge-Advocate Cone promised me several times to give me the names of the informers and the particulars of the evidence, that I might be able to confute them, by the did not; only answered, "the evidence is strong. " I sent him a number of affidavits, seven from those who had been summoned but were not examined as witnesses in the late trial before the supreme court at Austin. These affidavits refuted all the charge (I never could learn any other) that he had excited the public by speeches in meetings, &amp;c. For more than a year and a half Mr. Hillebrand has not attended any meeting, and he never made a speech at all. Ever Brigadier General W. G. Wells, of La Grange, now captain of the soldiers guarding Mr. Hillebrand, promised me to bear witness before try tribunal that he knew Mr. Hillebrand for years as a good, law-abiding citizen; that he found in all his inquiries no charge against him, but that he had advised others to abide by the law and to beware of rash acts. Mr. Wells had made, as provost-marshal of Fayette County, the most careful investigation in regard to my husband. I annex some affidavits to this, and offer every possible proof to state the innocence of my husband, though it cost the last of the little property that is left to me and my children. No tribunal in the world could justly sentence my husband if I could only obtain a trial for him before he dies in prison.

In the name of humanity, can nothing be done to the relief of the innocent to prevent the ruin of himself, his wife, and children?

I sign, sir, with the profoundest respect,

LOUISE HILLEBRAND.

