
[First indorsement.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Austin, May 23, 1864.

Respectfully referred to General Smith.

I know nothing of the facts, but Hillebrand is an old man and you will judge of the propriety of having his case investigated. I would be pleased to hear your determination.

Respectfully,

P. HURRAH.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., June 5, 1864.

Referred to Major-General Magruder with instructions and letters Nos. 3106 and 3107.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

C. S. WEST,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Shreveport, La., June 5, 1864.

Major-General MAGRUDER:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires me to say to you that in case you conclude to send any of the parties beyond our lines that the utmost secrecy be observed, so that they may be kept in ignorance of anything that might be injurious to our cause and may not be able to escape, &amp;c. If their families desire to go, they could be sent after they leave. When you have decided on your course, the commanding general desires you to notify Governor Murrah, as desired by him. After they are out of the country there will no longer be any necessity for secrecy, and he will, of course, be responsible for their removal.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. WEST,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

AUSTIN, May 17, 1864.

His Excellency P. MURRAH, Governor of Texas:

GOVERNOR: Inclosed you will please find a letter addressed to me at the city of San Antonio. You will see from the tenor of this letter, written by Miss Maggie Peebles, daughter of Dr. R. R. Peebles, political prisoner, that his health is rapidly failing and unless something is done to ameliorate his condition his incarceration will end fatally. I ask, as the friend of the family, that something may be done, if possible, to bring him to trial, so that a fair investigation of the case may be had. All that Doctor Peebles has ever asked as that any accusation that was brought against him may be fully investigated by the civil authorities, so that he may answer as required by law. I can only add that upon my personal investigation that the situation of the worthy female family of Doctor Peebles is beyond description.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. M. McCLAIN,

Captain, C. S. Army.

