
[First indorsement.]

These letters are respectfully referred to General Smith for his consideration and action. He will appreciate their force and be the best judge of the proper course to be pursued in reference to a man in the condition of Doctor Peebles.

P. MURRAH.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., June 5, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Magruder with instructions and letters Nos. 3106 and 3107.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

C. S. WEST,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 5.]

PLEASANT HILL, April 30, [1864].

Mr. M. M. McCLAIN:

MY DEAR FRIEND: I received your welcome favor of the 22nd instant and was much pleased to hear that you had arrived at San Antonio safe and sound, though regret to hear of your indisposition; hope ere this you are entirely restored to health. I did not intend to answer your letter so hurriedly, but we have just received news that pa is to be sent to Tyler. We all start early in the morning for Anderson in the carriage, as to-morrow is Sunday and the cars do not run. Saurie and me are already there. I went up and remained a week; found pa confined in the jail, a place too miserable to be described. His health is failing very fast; a few more weeks of this cruel treatment will find him in another world. Oh, who I wish we could all go together; this world has but few charms for me. I am perfectly willing to die now, and then my troubles would be over. I feel miserable to-night, but feel comforted to think no other mortals have ever suffered what we have during these seven long weary months of separation. No one knows the pain but those who have experienced it. I am glad to know that you are my friend, for some of my old and long-tried friends have proved false. I hope you will forgive me for writing in this strain, but you know I promised to keep you posted in regard to our troubles. I have no one to talk to me or advise me now; all leave me to acts as I please. I may do many things that I will regret hereafter, though I try for the sake of my good father to act in the most prudent manner. When you return from your journey do come by to see us, if possible. Lieutenant Allen spent several days here with the girls while I was in Anderson. Mr. Frisher left yesterday; we miss him very much. I was truly sorry to hear of the death of Mr. Wilson; his poor mother has suffered very much in consequence of his absence. Captain Reade went down to Houston this morning; he had been ordered to Bonham. I made his acquaintance in Anderson. Reach is very busy to-night making preparations to accompany ma to Tyler, as it is utterly impossible for me to go. I have grown so nervous lately that I think it best to keep away from ma. I used to have a great deal of self-control, but am sorry to say I have lost all. It is getting quite late, and as I will have to rise very early in the morning I will bid you good night. Rachie joins me in love to you.

MAGGIE.

P. S. - Rach. says try to get acquainted with Mr. Marshall.

