
WASHINGTON, D. C., June 10, 1864.

Brigadier General JOSEPH T. COPELAND,

Commanding Military Prison, Alton, Ill.:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 29th ultimo in relation to the employment of Sisters of Charity at the prison hospital by the orders of Colonel Sweet.

As you will perceive by my letters to Colonel Sweet the employment of these sisters has not been authorized by me, and as their services can be obtained only on unusual conditions, viz, the renting and furnishing a house for them and the hire of a servant, their continued employment at the hospital is not approved.

There can be found, I think, among the prisoners, taking those in preference who have expressed a desire to take the oath of allegiance, suitable men for nurses and to do the washing who, for the better fare which may be allowed them, would be very glad to be detailed for these duties.

If there is an absolute necessity that female nurses should be employed, please report the number required, the services they are to perform, and the compensation they should receive.

I am under the impression that the Sisters of Charity take advantage of their position to carry information form and to prisoners which is contraband, and if this is so they cannot under any circumstances be employed at the hospital. Please furnish me a list of the articles purchased to furnish their house, with remarks to show where they now are.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C., June 10, 1864.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON,

Commanding Rock Island Barracks, Rock Island, Ill.:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 26th ultimo, with list of prisoners who have expressed a desire to enter the U. S. Navy, is received. It is desirable that these men, and all others who have made application to be permitted to take the oath of allegiance, should be treated with as much kindness as possible, while at the same time they must be held as prisoners. You will therefore place them in barracks by themselves as much isolated from other prisoners as practicable; and in all cases where you have to employ prisoners as laborers, weather allowed compensation or not for it, give these prisoners the detail, if they desire it. When the offender can be detected, punish severely any prisoner who threatens or insults them in any way for expressing a desire to return to their allegiance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[JUNE 10, 1864. - For Draper to Hoffman, reporting condition of drinking water at Point Lookout, Md., see Series I. Vol. XXXVI, Part III, p. 739.]

