
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., June 10, 1864.

J. C. BRADLEY, Esq., Lacey's Spring, Ala.:

DEAR SIR: Your letter of the 24th ultimo has been received. There is no mode of relieving young Neal that I know of. The exchanges of prisoners are merely nominal, embracing but a small number at a time, and those selected with reference to their inability to do service. I think this condition of things will be continued until the termination of this campaign. The fault is with the United States. The Government of the United States have never favored exchanges and at this time they are astute in finding difficulties to doing so. Whatever can be done on our part has been done and will continue to be done for the relief of our friends.

Very respectfully,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

ANDERSONVILLE, GA., June 10, 1864.

General A. R. LAWTON, Quartermaster-General, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I would respectfully state that I am in great need of some sheet iron to make some baking-pans to cook bread for prisoners of war and cannot get along at all without it. I can have the pans made at the post, if I could only get the iron and wire, much cheaper than they could be purchased. Tin is entirely too expensive, as it burns out in a few weeks. I have tried everywhere in Georgia to get his iron, but cannot succeed in finding any. Please give this matter your immediate attention, as the prisoners are really suffering for the want of these pans. I have built two large bakeries and am now constructing a third. We have 22,000 prisoners here and are now extending the stockade, inclosing two more acres of ground. Please find below memoranda of necessary iron and wire.

Ten bunches, twenty-four sheets in bunch, sheet iron, thirty inches by ten, sixteenth inch, or as near this width and thickness as possible. Two coils No. 8 wire.

Please answer me by telegraph in regard to this matter, and should your order these things shipped from Richmond please have them sent through by express.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. WINDER,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

HOUSTON, June 10, 1864.

His Honor WILLIAM ANDERS, Mayor, &amp;c.:

I have the honor to reply to your communication of 8th instant in reference to the captured negroes now in Houston, and by direction of Major General J. B. Magruder, commanding, &c., to say that they are prisoners of war. Some, whose conduct has not been conspicuously correct, are under strict guard, others are in charge of officers under surveillance, but of these latter none are to have any privileges except those who have behaved well. Some have been confined closely by the commanding general within a few days. He will give the subject his early attention and make such arrangements as will prevent any injury to the slaves of this city. It is entirely beyond the power of the city and

