
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C., June 11, 1864.

Colonel A. G. DRAPER,

Commanding District of Saint Mary's, Point Lookout, Md.:

COLONEL: The accompanying estimate of Major Weymouth is approved with exception of the lumber for quarters in prisoner' camp. Nine feet elevation from the ground at the eaves for the cook-houses will be sufficient, and six windows, with glass, in a side is all that can be allowed. Place them in alternate intervals, so that they will not be opposite to each other. If other windows are necessary for light and air, put no glass in them, but let them be closed when necessary by shutters put up inside without hinges. the roof must be covered with the felt-roofing, not shingles. In every way the closest economy must be studied. If the cook-houses now in use have twelve glazed windows on a side the sashes from one-half of them on each side will be used for the new cook-houses and their places be supplied by inside shutters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., June 11, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General Dept. of Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: Pursuant to your letter of instructions, dated 6th of June, I have the honor to submit the you the following report of the condition of the Gratiot and Myrtle Street Prisons and their inmates:

Gratiot Prison since my last report has undergone a most thorough cleaning and presents a good appearance. The prison yard is washed every day; has a good drainage, so that the water runs off at once and is soon dry. The kitchen and mess-room, like the yard, are scrubbed daily, and no dirt is allowed to accumulate. The prison rooms or quarters are clean and healthy, have good ventilation, and are in every way comfortable. The bedding, consisting of straw-filled ticks, with army blankets, and in some instances common bedquilt (the property of prisoners, which they are permitted to retain), is in as good and clean a condition as is possible to be, the straw being changed occasionally and bedding washed as often as the limits of the prison admit. The prisoners - their personal cleanliness: Each prisoner is, in addition to his daily ablution, obliged to bathe his entire person once a week in the bath-room in the basement, which has all the facilities for that purpose. Regular daily details are made, and each man's turn is sure to come at least once a week. Their clothing, like their persons, they are required to keep clean, and in the bath-room is furnished the necessary facilities for washing them, and these means are fully used by them. The food, consisting of the prisoners' ration, while it does not suit the taste of some who have been so unfortunate as to become the recipients of our Government's bounty inside of stone walls and iron bars, is of good quality, the allowed quantity, well cooked, and to all but a few, who would be content with nothing short of liberty and hotel fare, it gives satisfaction. The sinks, I am pleased to state, are kept cleaner than heretofore. New means are being adopted from day to day which add to their cleanliness, and I hope soon to be able to report that perfection, or one of its near relatives, has been reached. The hospital, so far as I am able to judge, is in perfect order. It at least compares well with some of the best in the country. The rooms

