
me to prepare a list of such. The commandant of prison, with my aid and that of his subordinate officials, has instituted a strict and, as we think, searching examination, and have prepared the accompanying list. * We have caused to be marked opposite to the names their condition as conscripts and deserters, or merely deserters. I have examined, when specially authorized, many of this class within the past six months, and my judgment is that at least three-fourths of them can establish the loyalty of their feelings and purposes and the integrity of their character if an opportunity were afforded. I am fully satisfied from the evidence I have had that at least the number indicated have received from the commandants at the various localities at which they have surrendered the promise of an immediate release when they reached this camp. It is not strange that these commandants caused them to be sent to this camp, as they have not had the leisure, even if so disposed, for testing the honesty of their professions. Many of these prisoners, who have been confined from three to six months, with the fact of their having deserted admitted, feel that they have not received the kind consideration which they fondly expected from a just Government. Permit the suggestion that these men ought to be allowed an examination and the opportunity of presenting the best evidence which the nature of their cases allow of the integrity of their applications; that a record should be made of their sworn statements and of such evidence as they may be able to furnish; that the releases of such as reside within the rebel territory should be conditioned upon their remaining within the loyal States until the war is over, and that in all cases where any reasonable doubt existed of the integrity of their purposes bonds adjusted to the pecuniary condition of the party should be required. I have been fully convinced for the past year (and in this connection the commandants of this camp have concurred) that it would be alike humane, politic, and just for Your Honor to allow these men an opportunity of having their cases fully reported and adjusted according to their merits.

Respectfully, yours,

SAML. GALLOWAY.

[First indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 16, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Hitchcock, commissioner for the exchange of prisoners.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

WASHINGTON, June 17, 1864.

The undersigned has never been informed as to the authority of Judge Galloway to make reports of this character, whether competent or not. At all events, the difficulty of determining the character of the applicants for discharge makes it highly important to defer action upon this report for the present to guard against the chance of enlarging men who might soon be found in arms again against the Government. The men having once been in arms ought not to consider it a particular hardship to be restrained in their personal liberty while hostile operations are actually in progress in a neighboring State. Besides, I see

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

