
no reason for acting in a special case in this matter. There are persons similarly situated, no doubt, at all of the prisons.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Third indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 18, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

The cases presented herein by Commissioner Galloway will be reserved for the present.

By order of the Secretary of War:

LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. MILITARY PRISON, Salisburg, N. C, June 11, 1864.

Colonel JOHN WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army:

SIR: About twelve months ago several Yankee deserters desired to take the oath of neutrality. The oath was administered, the prisoners were released, and allowed to go to work; they procured employment near this place; their conduct so far has been unexceptionable. The enrolling officer has recently conscripted them. They claim protection from the Government in virtue of this oath. If the Government release a man, he pledging himself to remain neutral, I do not think it just to force him to break the oath which we have voluntarily offered him. The matter rests in abeyance, awaiting your decision.

There are a number of Yankee deserters here, who are an expense and trouble to the Government and the worst prisoners we have in the whole place. They request to be en to Andersonville and treated as prisoners of war. I most heartily recommend that it be done. Shall I do it?

Respectfully,

G. W. ALEXANDER,

Captain, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA, Alexandria, June 12, 1864.

Colonel C. C. DWIGHT, U. S. Army,Acting Assistant Inspector-General, Commissioner, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state to you that the wounded prisoners whom I agreed to deliver to you at Red River Landing will be at that place on the 16th instant; certainly not later than the 17th.

The other prisoners are en route from Tyler, Tex. (whither they had been sent), to Shreveport, and on my return from Red River Landing I expect to find them at this place, when I will immediately convey them by steamers to the point of delivery agreed upon.

The apparent delay is attributable wholly to the distance to be overcome in their transportation by land and the band condition of the roads, resulting from the heavy rains of the past three weeks.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILL. M. LEVY,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General, Commissioner, &c.

