
OFFICE SUPERINTENDENT MILITARY PRISON, Johnson's Island, Ohio, June 12, 1864.

Captain A. N. MEAD, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

In compliance with orders received through you from the Commissary-General of Prisoners "to report every Sunday morning the condition of the prison and prisoners," I have the honor to submit the following: The condition of the grounds inside the prison is good, being very well policed. The policing of the quarters is improved, but not quite what it should be; the prisons being nearly all officers, makes it somewhat difficult to obtain the necessary amount of "dirty work" from them to keep their quarters, mess-rooms, and kitchens in perfect order. The sanitary condition of the prisoners is good, as will be seen from the following: Whole number of prisoners, 2,145; number of sick in hospital, 34; number of deaths last week, 0. A small number of convalescent and light cases are treated in quarters.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. SCOVILL,

Major 128th Reg. Ohio Vol. Infantry, Superintendent of Prison.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Johnson's Island, June 16, 1864.

This report has been unavoidably delayed to get time for an examination expected to have been made much earlier. I should have forwarded it at once if I had supposed that imperative duties would successively interfere. I think the condition of the prison is not what it ought to be and might be made. I allude to the cutting of holes in the barracks of the prisoners for light and ventilation, the most of which occurred more than a month ago; the defective mode of supplying water and the defective sinks, and the means of preventing their becoming so great a nuisance as they have been and must be again without some other plan. I shall make these matters the subject of a special report soon.

CHAS. W. HILL,Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Saint Louis, Mo., June 12, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you information which I deem of importance to the Government. I have diligently collected, from various sources and in various ways, all I could on the subject, and transmit the same herewith to you.

Immediately after my assignment to the position I now hold, in the beginning of March last, I obtained information, on the same day from several sources, so authenticated as to leave no doubt in my mind that there existed a secret organization of some kind among those opposed to the prosecution of the war, of a formidable and most dangerous character, to the public peace and the welfare of the Government.

One of these sources of information was a man named G. Byron Jones, now in Gratiot Street Prison, a rebel officer, and charged with various crimes. He had been arrested in Nebraska and brought to

