
brothers assembled. The time is near when those vows must be redeemed. The despotism which has crushed us under its iron heel so long in the "government usurped," which is "found in arms and waging was against" our noble States, and would degrade them from sovereignties to the mean condition of dependencies of a centralized power.

This extract is sufficient in itself, but I give another:

Such picture, gloomy, dark, and blood-marked, the contemplation of which mantles with the blush of shame the cheek of manhood, is exhibited upon every spot of our once bright and beautiful land which has been pressed by the vandal feet of the Federal Army. Brothers! You, the noble, gallant men, citizens of the great States within the bonds of our brothers which are yet unscathed by the flames of war, to you I appeal! Contemplate the picture thus but too dimly sketched and say, while you shall invoke the Good of Truth and Justice to witness the sincerity of your vows, "This picture-shall not be reproduced upon our homes and fair fields. "

Again:

To be prepared for the crisis now approaching we must catch from afar the earliest and faintest breathing of the spirit of the storm. To be successful when the storm comes we must be watchful, patient, brave, confident, organized, armed.

A meeting of the general commanders of the different States was to have been held in the city of New York on the 22nd of February last, to organize an outbreak on the 10th of March, that being the expected occasion of the draft for the raising of troops, but for some reason or other the conspirators became alarmed, shrank from their own undertaking, and finally postponed their meeting until consultation could be had with Vallandigham, the supreme commander. One of these consultations [took place] at Windsor, Canada, in the quarters occupied by Valandigham, on the - of April last, at which some thirty-odd prominent characters from different States were present. Being aware of the intended meeting myself, I sent an agent to follow Charles L. Hunt, esq., then Belgian consul in this city, who is grand commander of this State, to that convocation. The report of the agent who followed him is hereto annexed, marked T. It speaks for itself.

Of the program adopted at the meeting of the supreme council I may have something to say, after having presented to you something more of the character of the organization - its degrees and rituals. It has five degrees. I am in possession of printed copies of all of them. I annex a copy of the first, marked U. By reference to it will be seen that this is a diluted dose for novices. The "vulgar herd" are admitted into the mysteries of the order only thus far, and, once thus entrapped under the solemnity of an oath, they become the blind and willing instruments of the more intelligent, who are admitted to the second and third, and of the comparatively few how are alone allowed admission into the fourth and highest. I annex a printed copy, in pamphlet form, with blue cover, marked V, containing second and third degree; and another printed copy, also in blue cover, containing the fourth and fifth -the highest degrees of the order - marked W. * I also annex a printed form of the lodge muster-roll of members, with written explanations of the manner in which it is used, marked X.

I will not here dilate on the character of the obligations taken by this order, but refer to the pamphlets annexed for these. I may, however, give the following extracts from the obligation assumed on becoming a member of the order, to show the consequences denounced upon those revealing any of its secrets.

The following is the concluding paragraph of the obligation:

All this I do solemnly promise and swear sacredly to observe, performs, and keep, with the full knowledge and understanding, and with my full assent, that the penalty which will follow a violation of these my solemn vows will be a shameful death!

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

