
while my name shall be consigned to infamy while this sublime order shall survive the wrecks of time, and even until the last brother shall have passed from earth to his service in the temple not made with hands! Divine Essence! and ye men of each! witness the sincerity of my should touching these my vows! Amen!

A few further remarks in regard to the passe-words, etc., of the order may not be out of place here. That of the first degree is Nu-oh-lac, being the word Calhoun spelled backwards. That of the second degree is Webster. The signal of distress is Ohone - ohone- ohone. The street sing of recognition is given by placing the hand of the left arm on the right breast and raising the right to an angle of 45 degrees, with the shoulders on a right line with them. The grip is a full grasp of the hand, with the index finger so extended as to rest on the wrist of the person addressed. The toe of the person desiring to be recognized is also placed at the hollow of the foot of the other.

Of course I am unable to give any more reliable information, either as to the character, object, purpose, or strength of this secret organization than that which I have obtained from some of those who belong to it. I may say, however, that such as as I have obtained I have no doubt is within the bounds of truth. At a recent meeting of Wayne Lodge, or temple, in this city, I am reliably informed, the guard worthy, in his lecture to the newly initiated members, given an account of the condition of the order, and its rapid progress in numbers and strength, in Illinois 140,000 - of whom 80,000 were well armed and organized; in Indiana, over 100,000; in Ohio, 80,000 - of whom 50,000 were armed and well organized; in Kentucky, from 60,000 to 70,000; in New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania they were already strong, and rapidly increasing; in Michigan, Iowa, and other Western States not yet so strong, but nevertheless making rapid progress. In the same address the grand worthy senior also advised each of the newly initiated members to be armed, because the time was night at hand hen they would need them.

The program for operations agreed upon at the meeting of the supreme council at Vallandigham's headquarters in Canada, already spoken, of, seems to be, as I gather from the reports of the proceedings of some of the local councils, as follows: Vallandigham is to represent his old Congressional district, in Ohio, in the Democratic convention, to be held at Chicago, on the 4th of July next. He is to go there nolens volens, and hurl defiance to the authorities of the National Government. While there he is to make a speech, proclaiming open resistance to the national authorities -in a word, he is to inaugurate a rebellion in the free States. In all this he is to be sustained and supported by the order. The commanders of the order in each State are to be there, each with a thoroughly organized and fully armed, trained band, or body guard, who, when they assemble there, are to form an army corps to defend Worthy, and by force of arms resist all interference with him. This step, it is believed, will precipitate the people in each free State into an armed conflict with each other, and it is to be the signal to members of the order throughout the States to unite in open resistance to the lawful authorities. The trained bands who are thus to be gathered at Chicago are to go there only in pairs or squads, so as to excite no suspicion in the localities from which they proceed.

It is proper that I should in this connection state facts which have come to my knowledge in regard to the contest now going on in Mr. Vallandigham's old Congressional district for the election of a delegate

