
Though no such attempts have yet been made in this city, so far as I know, the recent numerous cold-blooded assassinations of military officers and unconditional Union men throughout the military district of North Missouri, especially along the western border, affords to my mind proof conclusive that the order is there fully in motion and working out its fiendish purposes.

In still further corroboration of the active working of the order in this department I may refer to a speech made by Major Harris, of Cooper County, in one of the lodges in this city, at the corner of Webster and Fifth streets, on the evening of the 25th of May. He stated, as will be seen by reference to the additional statement of William Taylor, marked Z, that he had been traveling through Illinois and over the northern district of Missouri and gave a glowing account of the prosperous and active condition of the order wherever he had been. He seems to have found fault with what he regarded as the lethargic condition of their friends in this city. The men belonging to the order here were not the material, he thought, that was to be found in the counties of Callaway, Boone, Howard, Chariton, and Cooper. There they were active and energetic, and the greatest difficulty experienced by the officers in those counties was to restrain the members of the order from rising before the proper opportunity arrives. He had found the same difficulty to exist in the State of Illinois, and he most urgently warned them to take no hasty steps, but wait the official notice for action from the grand commander of the State. He spoke of General Price in the most eulogistic terms, and said he had been in constant direct communication with him, Marmaduke, and the rebels in Arkansas. He expected and looked soon for a raid from Marmaduke into Northern Missouri. When he came he should be hailed and supported as a friend and savior, but until official notice of his appearance was given none should attempt armed aggressive movements. He referred minutely to the condition of North Missouri- said that all the U. S. troops had been sent to the front and that the enrolled militia would amount to nothing. He looked upon the raid, therefore, as an easy matter, said that 200 Southern men could even now march from the Kansas line to the Mississippi and take all the U. S. troops stationed in the district, so small were the garrisons of Government troops. He went on to give detailed accounts of the post where the U. S. troops were stationed and the number at each, also the points of easy access and passage where none are stationed, thus showing the minute details to which the order gives its attention and the powerful lever it may wield to interfere with and defeat military operations.

This order is also used for the circulation of books, documents, and publications of various kinds, inculcating rebel views and sentiments. Agents belonging to the order are employed in various States for this purpose, and, from all I can learn from my agents, immense numbers of these publications are being circulated. Prominent among those so circulated are the following: Pollard's Southern History of the War; Official Reports of the Confederate Government; Life of Stonewal Jackson; Articles from the Metropolitan Record in pamphlet from; Revelations - or the Companion of the New Gospel of Peace, according to Abraham; Book of the Prohpet Stephen, son of Douglas; Abraham Africanus - the Mysteries of the White House; The Lincoln Catechism - or A Guide to the Presidential Election of 1864; and a work of Marvinia T. Triga, entitled Indestructible Organics, the object of which is a defense of slavery, and the advocacy of an armistice between the United States and the rebel Government. (See requisition annexed, marked XY.)

