
agent, Edward Betty - whom I sent to follow Hunt from this city to Detroit, when attending the supreme council at Vallandigham's headquarters in Canada - as having entered his name at the hotel in Detroit as "A. James, New York," was no other than McMaster.

I call attention, also, to the report of Captain Devoe, annexed hereto, marked ZZZ, giving an account of the existence of another secret order, known as the "McClellan Minute Men," which, in some respects, does not differ in its features from the O. A. K., but having for its professed object a support of the war policy, while the other is in opposition to it. It is a significant fact that the recent call for a so-called conservative national convention at Chicago at the same time fixed for the Democratic is signed by Mr. Stevens, who is the chief secretary of this order.

I have also ordered a thoroughly reliable man, who has given much information in regard to its movements, in this city, to proceed to Chicago, to become thoroughly acquainted with the action of the order there, and to remain there until the meeting of the national Democratic convention. I have several others, also members of it, traveling through Illinois, Kentucky, Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Michigan, whose services will prove valuable in case a simultaneous demonstration shall be made upon it at a given time or signal.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General Department of the Missouri.

A.

G. Byron, Jones says: I crossed the river into North Missouri the latter part of April, 1863, as well as I remember, my object being to recruit for the Confederate Army. When I arrived there I met one Helmore Howerson, in Buchanan County, who informed me that the recruiting business was already in progress, by one George Calvert and others, and exhibited to me one commission, authorizing him to recruit a company of 125 men, and stated to me that one T. J. Bracken, of Rushville, was engaged in recruiting jointly with him; that they had then about sixty men recruited. Some days afterward I went to the river at his request to see about crossing the recruits, and on my return I was informed by him that there had been a mistake made by Calvert and others in Gentry County, in consequence of which it would be necessary to delay any movement that would betray our intentions. We kept on recruiting until some time in May or beginning of June, when one Colonel J. C. C. Thornton, a Confederate officer wearing the uniform, came into that neighborhood and visited some portions of Buchanan County, after which he returned to Platte and commissioned one man in each township for the purpose of recruiting for the Confederate Army. He went from there to Clay County. What he did there I do not know, but was informed he got some recruits. Colonel Thornton gives orders to all the recruiting officers not to make any move with the recruits until such as he would order them.

I then returned to the south side of the river and waited several days to get information from General Shelby, but could not receive any. Despairing of Shelby's aid and succor I communicated with Colonel McFerran, commanding at Lexington, proposing to surrender. Receiving no satisfactory encouragement I proceeded to Saint Joseph, and was there informed by friends that if I had surrendered I would have to join

