
The remainder of the barracks, sixty-three in number, are occupied by the prisoners of war, with the exception of two (Nos. 40, 42), which were for a time used as smallpox wards, and are now in occupied.

Warmth and ventilation. - Each barracks is well warmed by two stoves and can be well ventilated with the assistance of the side windows, the ridge ventilation being but partial and insufficient for the purpose.

Cooking and kitchens. - The cooking is done in each barracks by detail. The kitchen and utensils as a general thing are clean and in good order, there being, however, a few marked exceptions to this.

Rations. - The rations are sufficient in quantity and of good quality, except in one instance - the prison is supplied with corn bread, baked in the city of Rock Island. This the surgeon in charge informs me is frequently so poorly prepared as to become a source of disease. Attention was called to the matter and it will be remedied.

Blankets and clothing. - The prisoners are well supplied with blankets, and as a general thing are well clothed. The total number of prisoners of war now confined at this depot is 6,950.

Police. - The police of the barracks is not as strictly attended to as it was at the time of my last inspection, nor are the men as cleanly. In many barracks I found fragments of rations stowed away among the bunks instead of being strictly confined to the kitchen, as the should be. The blankets and bedding are not properly aired, and bedding are not properly aired, nor are the men under as strict discipline as formerly.

Grounds. - The police of the grounds is bad except on the central avenue. In the neighborhood of many of the barracks the refuse of the kitchens is scattered on the ground about the doors instead of being collected in proper receptacles. The wash water is thrown on the ground, collecting in puddles and creating mud. I have directed that a slop sink, in the form of a hole three feet in diameter and as deep as the soil will allow, be dug near the kitchen door of each barracks for the reception of liquid refuse, the solid refuse being collected in proper receptacles and sold from time to time for the benefit of the prison fund. These sinks will permit the water to soak away, and if kept well disinfected by lime will answer the purpose until drainage facilities are provided.

Drainage. - As the date of my last inspection the drainage of the camp is entirely unprovided for, although the Quartermaster-General has approved the plan submitted for this purpose and for the water supply, and ordered it, with some unimportant modifications, to be constructed forthwith. The depot quartermaster states that this order will be speedily put into execution.

Water supply. - This is still deficient, the only certain source of supply being the artesian well, the steam pump and main supply pipe frequently giving out.

Sinks. - The excavated sinks have at length been entirely abandoned within the prison inclosure and movable receptacles substitutes. A main privy has been constructed for each block of barracks, so arranged that the excrement is received in barrels provided with handles for moving, which are emptied and cleansed in the river twice in the twenty-four hours. These privies are well arranged for the prevention of an accumulation of filth and are kept in good police. They will answer their purpose very well until the permanent privies over the main sewer can be constructed.

Laundry. A few caldrons are used as a makeshift for laundry purposes until permanent facilities can be provided. The prisoners use them, but not to the extent that should be done.

