
B.

JACKSONVILLE, ILL., May 7, 1864.

I arrived here on yesterday morning. There is no O. A. K. here. There is one in the country. Have the names of some prominent members in Springfield. Will visit them to-day and remain there until Monday, when I will go to Chicago. I shall expect to hear from you there. Hope my trip will be a success, but as yet no chance to buy any horses.

WILLIAM JONES.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., May 8, 1864.

I reached here on yesterday morning. I found some of the friends of whom I spoke in my last, and heard of others, and among them are the mayor of the city, sheriff of the county, and other high officials. I have the names of some friends in Chicago, where I go to-night. Will stop here a day or two on my return, as I deem it best, for prudential motives, to have my business appear just ahead of me. Will do the best I can, and hope to be able to give a satisfactory account of my trip on my return, which will be in about a week unless further orders.

Very respectfully,

WILLIAM JONES.

C.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 14, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON, Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: In accordance with your request, I hereby submit a report of the origin, signs, and objects of Southern League or Corps de Belgique.

Origin. - The order of the K. G. C., which at one time was co-extensive with the officers of the rebel army and their friends in the North, and having been exposed several times, Major-General Price, of the rebel army, wishing to more firmly unite his friends in Missouri, originated the order of the Corps de Belgique for that purpose, and commissioned one William Douglas as his special agent, in connection with the Belgian consul in this city, to carry out his designs, ostensibly to locate lands, which is their language for scaring men into the service of the rebel army.

Signs. - Hailing sign - stand erect with the arms folded. Answered in the same way, with "Do you take that position to taunt me?" Answer, "Do you understand me?" at the same time extending the right hand, clasping in the ordinary manner, except the forefinger is extended on the wrist.

Object. - To unite those of the rebels in the State of Missouri who are willing, should an opportunity occur (which they anticipated this summer), to take up arms against the United States Government and assist the rebels.

The members of this order are sworn not to take up arms against the Southern Confederacy; if possible, to resist a draft, and if drafted, they are to desert the first opportunity and go to the enemy.

My evidence implicating the Belgian consul is twofold - first, all the commissions I have seen are headed "Diplomat de Belgique; " secondly, positive assurance from Dr. M. C. McCamey, one of the accredited agents.

The above report is respectfully submitted by yours, &amp;c.,

WILLIAM STINSON.

16 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII

