
or, we may charitably hope, lingering sparks of patriotism in some of the number it was indefinitely postponed until consultation could be held with Vallandigham, the grand commander.

ISAAC M. TALMAGE,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

CAIRO, March 8, 1864.

One Singleton, a captain in the Missouri State Militia, is said to be a member of one of the Kirkwood temples.

Under the auspices of two temples of the O. A. K. 's a regular line of smugglers and mail carriers is carried on from a point about two miles from Kirkwood Station, on the Pacific Railroad (about fourteen miles from Saint Louis), to Price's army.

From this point (traveling only by night, and with horses and pack-mules) they pass to Mattox Mills on the Meramec River; thence past Mineral Point to Webster; thence to a point fifteen miles below Van Buren, where they cross the Black River, and thence to the rebel lines.

One of these expeditions will leave on Saturday night next with a lot of arms, and escorting one Smith, a mail carrier, for Price.

ISAAC M. TALMAGE,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

E.

DEAR SIR: I hope you will pardon the liberty I take in addressing a stranger - one who is only known to me by his reputation of being devoted to the good welfare of his country. It has come to my knowledge that secret societies (a restoration of the Golden Circle) called Knights of America are rapidly and extensively being formed all over the State, and in fact throughout the whole West, extending as far as New York, where they have a temple. The grand commander from Missouri is Charles L. Hunt, of Saint Louis. His office is at No. 46 North Fifth street, second floor. He is a candidate for re-election to the grand council, to meet on the 8th of January, I do not know where. A man by the name of Noble, living on or near the Clayton road, about three miles from Rock Hill, has been very active in gaining members for the society. He had weekly meetings of his temple all las summer in his corn-field. Through his instrumentality a temple called Marion Temple has been formed at Rock Hill, and is joined by most of the "Secesh" in the neighborhood. They have until very recently met on Saturday nights at the houses of private individuals at or after 8 o'clock, and continuing until 2 or 3 in the morning. I know the names of most of the members, and also have a ritual, which I am afraid to inclose lest it should be missed and suspicion fall upon me for a spy. I also know several of their passwords and signs, which would be useless to name. Their ritual consists of several pages and two solemn oaths, which require them to be always in readiness to take up arms, when called upon to support their party; also imposes death upon any member who divulges the secrets, or the name of any member belonging to, or even the name of, the society itself, even though done under torture.

These rituals are very scarce. I presume Hunt has them, as I know of four being procured from him. They hold meetings in Saint Louis in a house - I don't know where - which is well guarded.

If my information is of any avail to my poor country I shall think myself well repaid. If any danger threatens one of the members, who

