
has been enticed into this thing, I shall come to you, relying upon your generosity to liberate him, for I have a large family of helpless children entirely dependent upon him for support, and even were it not so, I would not betray him. If you wish any more information upon the subject, and I have but little more to give, a notice to "M," in the Republican Weekly, will meet attention.

You must pardon me for signing no name, but it might leak out, and I have no desire to fall into the hands of such a party.

Vallandigham is a member of the society. Their intention is to break from the Union the West, and so cripple the Federals that the war must close; then join the South or have an independent republic.

Inclosed is an address, which is a fair exposition of their doings.

F.

Agreeable to instructions I herewith submit the following: On or about the 1st of March, 1864, I obtained information from one John Harrison, of Howard County, Mo., that an organization existed in the Northern States called the Order of American Knights, whose object was opposition to the Federal Government and coalition with the so-called Confederate Government.

In conversation with Mr. Harrison upon this subject he informed me that Dr. William Jackson and William B. Heath, of Howard County, were interested, and he believed members of the above order. These men had made overtures to him in this matter, and he asked my advice. I persuaded him to keep aloof, and I immediately reported the facts to two known Union men of Howard County with suggestions that they report to headquarters at Saint Louis. They declined on account of probable difficulties that would grow out of such action on their part. I subsequently reported to the provost-marshal-general's office, under whose instructions I have been enabled to ascertain the following facts:

That an order of the aforesaid description does exist throughout the State of Missouri, and have reasons to suppose also in Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Michigan, New York, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Maryland, Kentucky, and Tennessee. From the representatives to the grand council convened at New York, in March last, I learn that the entire strength of this order was estimated at 800,000 and later at 1,000,000 members.

My association as a member of this order began early in March last at Saint Louis in the grand temple of the State, presided over by the Belgian consul, Charles L. Hunt, and in his absence by Charles E. Dunn.

From Charles L. Hunt I have obtained the strength of this order in Missouri, which is about 23,000 and that Saint Louis alone has 8,000. That many of those in this State are armed, and officers of this order are now engaged in organizing and arming on a military basis, and at no very distant day a revolutionary movement will be inaugurated to co-operate with that of other States for the destruction of the General Government.

On the 11th or 12th of the present month Mr. Hunt informed me that this matter called him to Detroit, Mich., where a special meeting of leading members was called, and en route through Indiana he would be joined by the grand counselor of that State, and accompanied by him to the special conference at Detroit. Mr. Hunt's impression at that time was that this special meeting was called to determine the precise time for action throughout Northern States, and

