
since his return informs me that the 30th of June next is fixed as the time for a grand movement; that the initiatory step thereto is the advent of Mr. Vallandigham from his exile in Canada into the State of Illinois, there to commence a series of public meetings in which himself and the prominent members of this order are to participate in denouncing the General Government at Washington, and setting at defiance its law and authority, thereby creating an insurrection, which is to be the signal for a grand revolutionary movement. Mr. Hunt also informs me that the business which called him to Canada to meet Mr. Vallandigham and others must be kept a profound secret; that he could only say that important matters connected with this order were to eventuate on or about the 1st of June next. He positively asserted that he had been to Canada within the past week, and had an interview with Mr. Vallandigham upon business connected with the Order of American Knights.

Mr. Hunt says that the co-operation of this order with the rebel army is arranged as follows: That about 10,000 laborers employed on public works, near Gettysburg, in Pennsylvania, are to be held in readiness to join General Lee, in the event of a battle with Grant, providing Lee is successful, together with other forces belonging to this order. Lee to throw his entire army into the State of Pennsylvania, while Beauregard, if the siege of Charleston is raised, together with forces at Mobile, where the siege is likewise expected to be raised, will re-enforce Johnston and move on the Ohio River, between Wheeling and Louisville, taking possession of the Ohio River at one of those points and the invade Kentucky in force. In this event, Missouri will be expected to send every available man to the Gulf, and Price then propose to invade Missouri, where this order awaits him, and take command in Missouri, while forces in readiness in Indiana, Ohio, Michigan, and Illinois, will co-operate.

Another and sufficient cause for a movement in the States aforesaid is the operation of the writ of habeas corpus suspended. Arrest of any of the members of this order will be the signal for arrests of prominent Union citizens, who will be held as hostages for such member or members.

The Congressional member-elect of Indiana, named Dodd, promised Mr. Hunt a force of 10,000 men if this movement took place. Mr. Hunt says shell and all kinds of munitions of war are in process of manufacture in Indianapolis in the State of Indiana. Mr. Hunt says a French artist is nominally at work in a foundry at Indianapolis, who is preparing infernal machines for the use of this order.

The following is a list of the prominent members of Missouri: C. L. Hunt, grand commander of the State; C. E. Dunn, grand secretary of the State, and employed in gas works; E. J. Rae, No. 34 Price street; Doctor Barrett is a prominent member and holds meetings at his office; Whiting, in freight department, U. S. Express; J. W. White, Saint Louis County, grand senior of one of the temples; G. B. Smith, at Grimsley &amp; Co. 's, agent for arms for the temple of Saint Louis.

The first degree of Order of American Knights is called the Neophyte, and consists of the following process: In the presence of one or more members "the invocation" and the "nine principles" are read to the candidate from the printed pamphlet marked "Deo," after which he is instructed in the grip and colloquy, but proceeding this are two grand signs. The first is called the grand hail; the other the second or minor hail. The first party hailing brings the right forearm to a position similar to the military salute, without touching the head or cap, with

