
the palm of the hand to the front, fingers closed, in immediately, if noticed, drops the hand to the side, upon which the party hailed answers by the minor hail, which is as follows: The right hand is brought to the forehead, precisely as in the act of shading the eyes, and immediately the parties approach each other, advance the right foot so as to touch each other, and grasping hands place the index finger upon the pulse of the wrist, pressing the same tightly. When No. 1. pronounces the word "Nu," No. 2 answers "Oh. " No. 1 again utters "Lac," which is the word Calhoun reversed, and is the password to the first degree.

The neophyte is still in ignorance of "the temple," as this is simply the initiatory or probational degree. It is proper here to add that all candidate are balloted for, and the mass kept in the dark, while wealth and influence and peculiar fitness alone passes on to the inner temple, where plans are discussed and schemes concocted for the ignorant neophyte to execute.

Should the party hailing have cause to believe an answer the result of accident, and wishing to test the second party further, he clasps his hands as in the act of secreting something, when No. 2 says, "What?" No. 1 answers, "A box," No. 2 ask, "Where is the key?" No. 1 answers "O," No. 2 says "A," No. 1 continues "K," when No. 2 pronounces the word "oak," symbolical of the Order of American Knights.

There are three degrees in this order, respectively, Nos. 1,2, and 3, the initiation into which may be readily understood by consulting pamphlet marked "V," or vestibule.

The following is the liberal interpretation of the initials therein found:

V., vestibule, chamber of instruction for neophytes about entering temple of second degree.

W. O. C., worthy outside conductor, who ushers with three raps.

K. L., knight lecture, who prepares candidates for inner temple.

K. C., knight conductor, inside conductor.

W., warden.

A. B., ancient brother, mogul of temple.

N., neophyte, member of first degle, sanctum sanctorum.

K. G. N., knight guardian north, on the right hand of ancient brother in the temple.

K. G. S., knight guardian south, on the left of ancient brother in the temple.

G. S., grand secretary of temple.

Password to second degree, "Orion; " password to third degree, "Washington. "

In the second degree the following dialogue taken place between the neophyte and the K. G. N. and K. G. S.:

First. What? Second. Star.

First. Arc. Second. Turis.

Watcham, what of the night? Morning cometh!

Will you inquire? Inquire ye!

Return! Come!

Third degree:

Whence? Seir!

How? By the ford!

Name it. Iabock!

They watchword? Washington.

