
The foregoing dialogue is understood by reading sixteenth [sic] chapter of Isaih.

I have the honor, colonel, to subscribe myself, very respectfully and obediently.

WILLIAM JONES.

G.

Corpus de Belgique.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 24, 1864.

Colonel SANDERSON, Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: In accordance with your request I hereby furnish a report of the origin, object, modus operandi, and ritual of the Corps de Belgique or Southern League.

About the 14th or 15th of February last, while boarding at the Olive Street Hotel in this city, I was recognized by one Dr. M. C. McCamey, whom I knew in the old Missouri State Guard under General Price. He was at the time an acting assistant surgeon. During Price's retreat from Lexington, Mo., in October, 1861, he was left near the Osage River in charge of a few sick men, since which time, until we met at the Olive Street Hotel, I had not seen him. He told me he had been in Missouri all the time doing all he could for the rebels, and assisted in raising and sending South several companies, and had taken the oath of allegiance seven or eight times; and if necessary could take it seven or eight times more, and if possible a stronger rebel each time. He then showed me two commissions headed "Diplomat de Belgique," one directed to William Douglas, and the other to one Dobbins (first name forgotten), and asked if I knew anything about them. Being answered, in the negative, he inquired if I knew anything about the K. G. C. 's, at the same time giving me a sign, which I recognized and answered. Finding me posted in the lore of the K. G. C. 's he informed me that the papers were commissions issued to the officers of the Corps de Belgique or Southern League; that the K. G. C. 's had been so often divulged, and so many black sheep had been initiated in Missouri, that the organization had become unsafe; consequently General Price had instituted the Corps de Belique for the especial benefit of the Southern men in the State of Missouri, and authorized the Belgian consul to issue commissions to officers on his (Price's) recommendation, through William Douglas. McCamey proposed to introduce me to some friends in the city. The same night he, with Douglas and Dobbins, came to my room about 11 o'clock; remained about half an hour. Next informed [me] that the Corps de Belgique was strictly a military organization, and that he was a colonel, and offered to have me commissioned as lieutenant-colonel of his regiment. The next day he invited me to go home with him to Saint Catharines, in Chariton County, which I agreed to do on the following morning. But an hour or two before starting he came to my room and said he could not go directly home, but had just received orders from Douglas to go by Glasgow to look after the interests of the cause. He left, promising to meet me at the house of one George H. Taylor, near Macon City, to whom he gave me a letter of introduction. I went to Macon City, where I remained several days; but hearing nothing from him, and posting Captain Reed the provost-marshal, I returned to Saint Louis.

A few days after I went to Fulton, Callaway County, to "look after the interests of the cause" in that locality. I was there informed that Douglas had been there and located a tract of land, and also that he

