
(Douglas) had twice escaped from Gratiot Street Military Prison on this city; that he had commissioned officers to recruit soldiers for the rebel army, of whom David S. Whaley, a hotel keeper, is colonel. The other principal officers are William Curtis, keeper of a livery stable, Doctors Howard, senior and junior, Mr. Tuttle, a merchant, and Robinson, a lawyer, all of whom have taken the oath of allegiance. I was here given more of the secrets of the order by Whaley, to wit:

Officers and agents are given commission or certificates, empowering them ostensibly to locate lands, but in fact to recruit for the rebel army in certain districts of the State, specified in the commission or certificate. He then proceeds to his district, and each recruit is an acre of land located; a tract of land is a regiment, company, or squad; and the number of acres in the tract corresponding to the number of men enlisted in that locality. Recruits, when enlisted, are sworn to resist all and drafts if possible; if not, they are to go into the Federal Army and when an opportunity occurs desert and go to the enemy, by whom they will be recognized and received. They expect the rebels to invade Missouri this summer.

While in Fulton I received a letter from McCanney containing full directions how to find him and names of persons to whom to apply for an escort to his rendezvous. His letter, together with my reply, I forwarded to you.

The hailing sign is: Stand erect with the arms folded across the breast, with one foot, the right, thrown out from the left, toes pointing out. A member recognizing the sing will stand in front, assume the same position, and ask: "Do you take that position to taunt me?" Answer, "Do you At the same time extending the right hand, grasping in the ordinary mane and extending the first or forefinger along the wrist.

Colonel Winston, of the rebel army, and who was arrested in Platte County some time since, was completing the organizations in Northwest Missouri. Also Colonel Bankhead and Captain Whitehead are doing the same in Northeast Missouri. They were in Pike County a few weeks since.

All the organizations of which I am cognizant are in Buchanan, Platte, Clay, Pike, Chariton, Macon, and Callaway Counties. According to Colonel Winston's estimate they number about 900 in those counties.

W. M. STINSON.

H.

Report of Mr. D. Wayne.

SAINT LOUIS, May 13, 1864.

On the 22nd of last month I came across a man named Bracken and had a conversation with him. He stated to me that in Buchanan County the Paw militia were almost to a man ready to go with the South with the first opportunity that offered, and that there were men in the companies that had belonged to the rebel army, and stated they didn't regard the oath they had taken.

The Judge Thompson made the statement that the people would not submit in that county to have the old U. S. militia placed over them; that they would take up arms against them before they would submit; that they were a set of heathens and everything else. I got information of Doctor Cavanagh that he is going round to encourage them, and he is doing all he can for the rebels - makes it a business to

