
ride round and initiate them into this order, K. G. C. The person who told me this is Fountain Attelbury.

I could not get anything out of these men that amounted to anything. I know they are rank rebels, but they would not commit themselves in any way. Mr. Hollingsworth and Lawyer Smith, of Platte City, and William Sebrad, of the same place, are the same sort of men.

Joseph Bradley was introduced to me. He has been down South. I told him I was from the South, and he commenced to see if he could pick me up. In the conversation he stated to me that he and another man was at that time engaged by a rebel colonel that was in the country to recruit men for the rebel army; and he also stated that three-quarters of them in that section of the country would go at the first opportunity they could get. Price was then within a short distance. After Bradley found that, he went further than he ought to have with me, "Now," says he, "I don't know that you are right. " Says I, "You are not bound to believe me if you are not disposed to. " "Well" says he "you know if there is any one betrays us that our order - if one don't get him the other will; " threatened me in that way. There is one thing I noticed - whether it belongs to the K. G. C. or not I don't know. It is in the manner of recognizing each other and shaking hands.

There is a man living near Missouri City named P. Riterman. I could get nothing out of him, only he is, I am satisfied from the conversation a strong rebel. Still he won't acknowledge it.

There is a man by the name of Major Price in the same way. Judge Thompson, Riterman, and Price live in Clay County. Henry Bane, of Andrew County, is a strong rebel. Reed Slackman is also of the same stripe, and lives in the same county. There is a man up at Weston, Platte County, named James Donovan, who returned a few days ago from the rebel army. I could not make anything out of him at all, but he has been back about two weeks. All he said is, he has left it - quit it.

They talked about arresting me at Liberty - these Paw Paws did. It was Colonel Moss, I was told, that threatened it. I had bought a horse and went to the country. While I was gone they talked about me at Liberty, and they didn't know what to make of me. Some remarked I was a Red-Leg from Kansas, and others suspected me of being a Federal detective, and it was intimated to me that I was a Federal spy, and that Colonel Moss said; and I inquired of two or three whether they heard him say I was. They said no; they understood to. After hearing this conversation, and the remark that I might be arrested, I defaced some of my papers. I had on another paper a list. I tore it up so that he could not know what I had.

In the cars, last night, he was seated on one side and I was on the other. He was a seat or two back of me - that is, to my left, and I could near every word distinctly, and this is what I caught from their conversation: Says he, "We must take a middle course and stick together. It is the only thing that is going to save us. " Then there were words again spoken that, by the jolting of the car, I could not catch. I was laying down as if asleep. He once called a man by name - but I didn't recollect the name - that had been elected to some civil office in the county of Clay; that the man had come to consult him about the oath that he would have to take before he could fill the office. He said he advised him to take it, because, he said, he was going to take it himself; and, a says, he a man giving testimony while in duress, our law books lay down that that testimony amounts to nothing. Says he, I told him that. And then I caught enough to give [me] to understand that he considered it compulsion, and that it didn't amount to

