
anything - it was not binding - that is the idea Colonel Moss intended to convey. I don't know the man he was talking with; he was a passenger on the cars, and I would know him if I should meet him. He is in town, as he came in last night on the North Missouri cars, which got in a half-past 3 this morning.

Fountain Attelbury, a soldier in Captain Wood's company of the Paw militia, Colonel Moss' regiment, said that they were willing to take up thieves and robbers, but they would not fight against the South; and that if they were forced, as soon as they could be recognized by the rebel army they would not be hurt; that he could give a sign by which they would be recognized by the rebels. He stated that there were some twelve or fourteen regiments of Paw Paws who would go to the South almost to a man on the first opportunity if they were sure they could get there; they would not fight against them. I asked the question how they were off for ammunition. He told me that they had been going out on scouting parties heretofore, a portion of the company would be selected to go. At starting they would draw from ten to twenty rounds of cartridge; they would return frequently without using any of them. When they would be ordered out again they would not have any cartridges in their boxes, and would draw again about the same amount. "And," says he, "that ammunition has been taken care of. " "Well," says I, "have they all been doing that?" Well, as far as he could understand they had been laying by ammunition in that way. Then I asked him how they were supplied with arms. He said they nearly all had revolvers, but they talked about disarming the Paw Paws, and if they did they had but few other arms, but the most of them had revolvers. If General Price came in there they would just flock to his standard, and he said not only the Paw Paws but a number of Southern men throughout the country.

When I left here I had no papers with me, but Colonel Sanderson said he would write up to tell the general that I was coming. I arrived at Saint Joseph and went to the Pattee House. I stepped out for a few moments, and as I returned the clerk handed me a letter, requesting me to call on Colonel Johnson, at such a number, which I did, and he introduced me to General Fisk. During the conversation the general I inquired of him if he knew Colonel Moss. I stated to him that I had been informed that he was a rebel at heart, and also had been told of a portion of his conduct. The general remarked to me that Colonel Moss was there the day before and had a long conversation with him, and that he believed that Moss was misrepresented. He professed to be a good loyal man. At that said I: "I have never seen the man, and I may be wrongly informed. " I had only heard of him as I was going from here up. I had never seen him then and didn't know him, but I wanted to find them kind of characters. After this conversation with General Fisk some days afterward I saw Colonel Moss at Liberty, Clay County. There is where I got on his track, and he came down on the same train I did yesterday and had that conversation given above.

Bradley said that as soon as there was any opening these men he was recruiting would be sent to the rebel army out of Clay and Platte Counties, where they are recruiting.

The following are all leading rebels but are working slyly: Buchanan County: Mark Condiff, Washington Jonees, Henry Tutt, Simeon Kemper, Israel Lands, Joseph J. Able, B. Thompson. Platte County: Clinton Cockerill. Clay County: Mr. Poag.

They have got militia in Platte County and Clay that have not been

