
called out to do duty, but muster. They are called "Flat Foots. " I heard some remark that they would take up arms to fight against the Black Republicans. they were "all right"- that was their word. they have Government arms in their possession. I could not find out where they kept the ammunition they stole from the Government.

DAVID WAYNE.

I.

Statement of William Taylor.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General Department of the Missouri:

In compliance with my undertaking I respectfully report that the institution known as the O. A. K. has meetings in each ward of the city of Saint Louis-place of meeting generally changed, and time of holding them fixed at each meeting.

In the tenth ward the last meeting was held on Friday evening, the 15th of April, on Fifth street, in a hall west side of the street, about eight blocks south of the Montgomery House. There were from thirty to forty in attendance, and the meeting continued between two and three hours. Six were initiated. Alexander C Durdee presided as worthy grand senior, Green B. Smith as ancient brother. The hall or place of meeting was on the second floor, one sentinel inside and one down stairs. Buchanan Carr, Michael Leonard, of Saint Louis; John W. Gashwalder, of Randolph County, and Wilson, of Saint Louis, were present. Leonard is talking of going South. Taylor, who keeps the Montgomery House, belongs to it. Hunt, hardware merchant on Fifth street, spoken of as influential. Charles E. Dunn is ancient brother of the Fifth ward lodge. Colonel Lewis, from Saline County, once a prisoner at Alton, belongs to it. A man named Fields, of the Fifth ward, was spoken of as being a member of official standing. the matters talked of at the meeting was as to the war; the good condition of the Southern army, and of Price's forces; the war; the good condition of and ready at a moment's warming to co-operate. This was enjoined by the worthy senior. Twenty-two thousand are said to be in Missouri-expect to have 75,000 in three months to be ready for work. the "Brothers" in Illinois are to be ready to throw 10,000 men into Saint Louis when required. The talk among the members was that the ball might open about May 6. It is intimated among some of the members that General Harney is connected with the institution. The Illinois members are organized into camps and brigades. Large organizations are talked of in Callaway, Howard, and Randoph.

Attended another meeting of the Anthony Wayne Lodge, Webster and Fifth streets, Wednesday evening. Among those present were Durdee, worthy grand senior: Ward, ancient brother; Smith, conductor; Robert S. McDonald, Taylor, of Montgomery House, Buck Carr, Michael Leonard, one called counselor, since discovered to be a rebel captain named Newcomer; young Good, boarding Twelfth and Olive; Boone, boarding Twelfth and Olive; Hunt, hardware merchant, Fifth street; Charles E. Dunn, Moses Rae boarding at the North Missouri House. Sixty-one were present, seven initiated, and four or five proposed.

The grand worthy in his lecture of initiation gave the strength of the order: In Missouri, 22,000; Illinois, 140,000, of whom 80,000, of whom 50,000, were well armed and organized; Kentucky, 60,000 to

