
70,000; NEW YORK, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania growing strong and rapidly increasing; Michigan and other Western States not so strong yet, but growing rapidly. He cautioned them about bringing none for admission but reliable men. He also advised each to be armed. The time is near at hand when they needed them. Buck Carr at the previous meeting said the same thing, and said that those who could not get them should call on him-he knew how and where to get them. Robert McDonald, brother of the rebel Emmett who was killed, and who is himself under bonds of $3,000 for his loyal conduct, made a long speech. He denounced the President very bitterly. He had submitted to the iron heel of tyranny for three long years and thanked his God that the day for deliverance was at hand. I was no time for speaking, but for action. He eulogized Price; said he was coming, and they must be ready. He knew not what course would be pursued, but he had heard there was an understanding arrived at.

there was an apparent holding back, or rather unsettled purpose, as to the movement to be made. All seemed to await Hunt, the chief commander of the State. He had gone to Canada to confer with Vallandigham. They spoke of receiving news from the grand council when Hunt returned. A collection was made to enable young Boone to go South. About $40 were raised. I gave $5 to show my zeal. Dunn and Rae told me they had spies all over the city. Dunn told me they had men on every steam-boat, in ever express and telegraph office, and could act with perfect safety. When he told me this he was going to the telegraph office to send a dispatch to the wife of a rebel officer, living East, to meet her husband, who was here from Price's army, and she came. The officer's name is Newcomer, but he went by that of Thompson.

Moses Rae told me of men he had initiated in North Missouri, and wanted me to join him in an inspection tour through that part of the State. I think he has been organizing lodges there. Among those he told me of being members was Salem Hubbard, living at Renick, and Bill Williams, whom I know to be a great scoundrel, for he told me himself that he helped to tear up the railroad for Price's benefit on contract. He, too, lives near Renick.

I am satisfied many enter from political purposes, not dreaming of its real object, character, or purpose.

Attended another meeting at corner of O'Fallon and broadway on last Wednesday evening. Doctor Shore acted as worthy grand senior. Harris, whose head is crisper, and whom they called a blood-thirsty man, is the ancient brother. Among those present were J. Spore, 32 North Fifth street; Lafayette Cruse; Demming, tanner; Johnson, stock dealer at Scobee House, and Orrick.

Harris recommended that they should appoint a secret police to patrol the streets every night, who should kill every soldier and detective they would meet. No one protested against it on the ground of its atrocity, but several opposed it on the ground that it was not good policy, giving as a reason that it was too soon, and I was then dropped.

I have had several interviews with Chief Commander Hunt. He told me, in speaking of the arrest of douglas, who was arrested by the

provost/marshal/general's police on the railroad train, with a box of revolvers, that if his men would only carry out the orders he had given them as their grand commander they would kill every one of the detectives. By "his men" I understood him to mean the members of the order. He has his headquarters as the commander of the State

