
at his office on Sixth, between Olive and Pine, and he speaks of them and of General Rosecrans' headquarters just as if he were commander of a department, like Rosecrans.

Hunt gave me a history of the order in the State; said they were doing well all over North Missouri; that the officers of the ferry-boat at Saint Charles were all his men; that there was a temple at Saint Charles, and they were very strong in Callaway, Boone, and howard Counties. He said he wanted to get a line of temples from here to Arkansas, so as to be in communication with the South, but had not yet found a proper man to complete it.

Charles E. Dunn got a lot of the Metropolitan reply to Rosecrans' order in pamphlet form for pollard. He got them at J. Spore's, Numbers 32 North Fifth street. Dunn seems to be a sort of aide/de/camp/ to Hunt, and is very busy.

E. J. Rae asked me whether I didn't want to go as one of the 100 men who are to be the body guard of Hunt to Chicago the latter part of June, when Vallaudigham is to make his speech there. I told him I would. He then told Dunn he wanted him to appoint me, and said that I must get two navy revolvers. Dunn said they had a man who was going to raise a brigade for the Union Army, of men of the right stripe, who would join the movement of the order when the time came. He was satisfied the man who was to have command of the brigade could get the commission of a brigadier from the Government.

Doctor Christian, at Renick, is the grand worthy senior at that place. When I first went into the order it was recommended to destroy all their records, and is think they did so. They now only keep a roll of the names, I believe. If they had suspected me of making you this report I know they would kill me. my impression is you will soon hear of a good many detectives being killed. It will be done slyly and privately. I most fervently believe what I say.

They will not go in a body to Chicago, only two or three are to go together at a time.

the lodge in the Fifth ward has not met in several weeks, having become a little frightened by the pressure of the provost-marshal's-general's office. The meeting I attended on Wednesday evening had about 150 present.

I have heard them talk about getting members into General Rosecrans' headquarters and the provost-marshal's department on duty to obtain official information, but from the tenor of the conversation I don, t think they have yet accomplished it. They hear from Vallandigham regularly.

Commander Hunt told me that general Rosecrans had taken the Metropolitan article to Father Ryan, but the latter didn't seem to sympathize much with him, for the reason that he believed just as the Record did. The way he talked about it my inference was that Father Ryan himself had told Hunt, for the latter talked so positive about it.

May 1. - I attended another meeting of the lodge last evening at Broad and O'Fallon. There were between sixty and seventy present. among them were Captain Chapman, secretary; Fletcher McMuray, printer; guerdon, tanner; Peyton Lawrence; a man named Able; J. B. Hall, clerk, Numbers 274 Broadway; a man named Skell; John Dunlap. The principal business was the enrollment matter. The members were most profoundly disgusted with it, and after talking about it for some time they finally concluded the best thing they could do would be to raise and officer one company in each ward of their own men. In the ward at which the meeting of the lodge was held Secretary Chapman

