
is raising a company. He has thirty four and got about

thirty more last evening-all members of the lodge. He said he had a talk with General Pike and the colonel of the regiment he meant to join, and they had promised him the arms and equipment for the company if he would raise it. They calculated in this way to secure arms and have an organized company for each ward. In the Ninth and Tenth wards they said they had the companies nearly filled.

There were four or five new members admitted and about the same number proposed. One was rejected. His name is C. Orpheus, a tanner. He was blackballed because he only recently came from Pennsylvania, was not sufficiently known, and not considered entirely safe.

I noticed Jones, of Huntingdale, Henry Coynty, who has been in the rebel army. I know he took the oath of allegiance before he went there, but how he is now here with impunity I don't know.

K

Report of Edward F. Hoffman.

SAINT LOUIS, April 26, 1864.

I visited the Montgomery House on Broadway, beyond the old Sturgeon Market, kept by John Taylor. Some men were there whom I believed to be rebels. When I entered the house I found one of them man's Journal, denunciatory of the President and his policy of conapplauded. Among them Taylor and the reader (a Mr. Cruse, of Henry County) were the leaders. In the evening I had two interviews with Green B. Smith, doing business at Numbers 64 North Main street, where I first saw him, and then at the Everett House. He frankly admitted to me that he was a member of a secret order, which had for its object the subversion of the Government of the United States and giving aid and comfort to rebels. he told me the best way to the South was by river; that the steamer Graham was the best boat for me, a rebel. He told me that Robert St. Clair, known as "Bob St. Clair," and his brother-in-law, Martin clark, both of whom are under bonds and renewed allegiance to the Government, and are claiming to be loyal men, and who are endeavoring to obtain from $2,000 to $5,000 for negroes who have enlisted, are noted and worthy members of this secret society in Saint Louis. They reside near Florida and are rich and influential.

SAINT LOUIS, April 28, 1864.

This morning at about 10 o'clock I had a private interview with John Taylor, at the Montgomery House, said interview taking place in the parlor upstairs. My gradual system of approaches had had the desired effect. Cruse had talked with him in relation to me and they had conversed with a Mr. Carr (Buck Carr) about me, who has entire confidence and who knew a man of my name in Audrain. Mr. Taylor was cautious in the start, but Varmed and grew confidential as I developed my subject. He admitted to me that he, though he had taken the oath, knew how to tell good from bad men-rebels from Union men, by a secret order. He told me if I went South by the river without initiation in this order that I would be in danger of the rebels, who would not recognize me as a friend; that the best way to go South was to go to Louisville, Ky., where I would find Southern recruiting offerers right in among the Federals, who could get me

