
through; that such officers were now all over Kentucky. He stated to me that it was a foregone conclusion, here in Missouri, among Confederate military men, that Steele's army would go up; that Price was now drawing him into his coils; that the news of Steele's defeat would be the signal in Missouri for a general uprising of the rebels here- from 30,000 to 50,000 strong - who would either defeat or capture all soldiers and obnoxious citizens or drive them into this city; that Price was only drawing Steele as far from the help of succor as possible, but would turn upon him and annihilate him; that Banks was defeated and powerless, and that the whole trans/Mississippi would soon be held again by the Confederates. He laughed heartily at your detectives; said two of them were at his house a few nights previously; one, he said, gave a wrong name; that his true name was Shultz, though he had been on Hindman's staff, While there a Doctor Thornton, formerly of Henry County, driven off by Ewing's order of 1863, but who now resides at Louisville, Ky., and who is returning from Henry County, on a business tour to Louisville, came in. Taylor advised me to go with him to Kentucky, as he was a sound, reliable Southern man; he told me I was in great danger here if I was in no business; that if I remained long I must follow some pretended avocation. His son follows the river and is active as a spy. Taylor did not call him such; he only told me what he did. He told me of great shifting of troops up the Ohio. He, in brief, received me and advised me as a revel, and told me he would do anything to assist me in making my way into the Southern Army, invited me to visit him again and come in the morning; that he would commend me as a rebel to Doctor Thornton, who has a rebel brother-in-law in Monroe County, Mo., but I have forgotten the name. Smith did not answer my letter of yesterday, but promptly met me at 6 p. m. at the Everett House. He said he would aid me personally in any manner he could-that was to aid me to get South, into the rebel army-but that he had not been able to ascertain anything relative to my antecedents, and until then he must treat me cautiously - that was, not admit me as a member in the order until I was pronounced sound and strictly rebel.

SAINT LOUIS, April 29, 1864.

I succeeded in another private interview with John taylor. He conducted me to the same parlor previously spoken of, as I did not wish to be seen at his house publicly. He commenced - after introducing me to has good lady, who cordially extended her left hand to me - by saying he had found me a friend in whom he could confide, who should leave for Louisville, Ky., by steamer this evening. I told him I desired to go there by way of Springfield, Ill., as I had a friend there, "all right," with whom I had a business transaction to attend to, but would be in Louisville in the course of a week. He said I should have the doctor's address, or place of residence. At this time the doctor was not in the house, and would not be before 12 noon. I therefore requested Mr. Taylor to obtain the address and I would call for it to-morrow. To this he demurred, and requested me to have an interview with the doctor, who, he said, was a high-toned gentleman and a warm Southern man. I could not refuse and so consented, though in danger of Federal apprehension. During this period he was recounting his losses since 1861, which exceeded $150,000. His former home

