
was in Cooper County, and he came here last fall; says he is very poor - making nothing; his family is large; his brother-in-law, Major Harris, and family board there. During the interview I told him my services might soon be needed in Missouri. "Yes," said he, " more than at any other place. " I told him I would soon be back with authority for recruiting. He said I need not go to Louisville for authority for recruiting, as not twenty miles distant, in Illinois, was a brigadier/general from Mississippi, recruiting and drilling his men. After the doctor arrived he was brought up to my room and introduced to me by Mr. Taylor. The doctor was happy to meet me, gave me his name and residence as Dr. W. T. Thornton, at the corner of Eighth near Broadway, Louisville, Ky., invited me to make his house my home in Louisville; said he would do anything for me on my arrival that he could. I proposed leaving, but Mr. Taylor announced dinner and insisted on my remaining and partaking of a "fish banquet," and so I walked in and was seated in reserve among the "Confed " bon ton of Saint Louis. I had to brace my nerves for this comedy, but they carried me through. McDonald was not more hospitably treated by the old South Carolina tories than was I by my good host.

Saw Smith, as per agreement, near the Everett House. He said I had his best wishes, but he was compelled to be cautious until further advised. I appeared quite independent; told him he was only acting prudent; that I had made up my mind to brave the storm and push on. Will see me to-morrow. He is friendly but dubious.

M.

Abraham N. McGuire, of lawful age, going duly sworn, deposes and says: That he resides in Buchanan County, State of Missouri, and is by occupation a school teacher. Was born and raised in the State of North Carolina. Has lived in Missouri three years; is married and has a family; was sworn into the so-called Confederate Army in Ray County, Mo., in July, 1863, as a private in Company C, Second Missouri Cavalry; Captain Thomas Estes was commanding Company C of said regiment at that time; was sworn into said service for the war, and served about six months, and surrendered myself to Captain Woods, commanding post at Weston, Mo., as a deserter from rebel army. That he took the oath of allegiance at Liberty, Clay County, Mo., on the 4th of January, 1864. Never took the oath prior to last January. Never was at home when Federal troops came into the locality where he lived; purposely avoided them. Was arrested the 12th of January, 1864, at Widow Meeks', near his own residence, charged with being guerrilla and robber; was tried at Saint Joseph, Mo., on the 10th of February, 1864, and sent here the 27th day of April last, and confined in gratiot Street Military Prison. Has no knowledge of the result of his trial. That he informed the provost/marshal on the 1st of May that he desired to communicate important information, which is as follows:

that about the beginning of the year 1863, while in Buchanan County, Mo., he was solicited by David Brooks, a minister of the gospel, living in his (McGuire's) neighborhood, to become a member of a secret organization, at that time known as the order "Knights of the Golden Circle. " That he was duly initiated soon after he was approached by "Parson Brooks," and in due time was elected vice president of Lodge No. -. Parson Brooks was president and John Wallingford was secretary; these men reside there and the latter is a

