
farmer. The objects and purposes of this order as taught to him were unending hostility to the Federal Government, its recognized agents and armed resistance to its authority. Sympathy, aid, and comfort to all engaged in rebellion under a solemn oath. The penalty for disclosing the secrets of this order was death; knows of no instance where this penalty was inflicted. The members of this order were obligated, under oath, to give aid, comfort, and protection to all who were engaged in actual rebellion, whether they belonged to the order or not. That whenever a rebel soldier sought aid and protection in his neighborhood a special meeting of this order was called and provisions made to forward him to the rebel army, each member contributing in accordance with his pecuniary circumstances. That during the latter part of the winter of 1863 a rebel soldier by the name of Hull, from Platte County, Mo., was assisted in this manner; money to buy a horse and to defray expenses was raised by members of this order at a place in Platte County called " Swain's settlement. " Present at that meeting was Colonel Wilfley, C. S. Army, restored under oath and bond, who is president of the grand lodge, comprising the counties of Buchanan and Platte, in the State of Missouri. As near as he recollects the following is a list of the members of said order in that locality. The leading men are as follows: Doctor Beaumont, John Ragsdale, Doctor Bishop, Rufus Maggot, William Downing, cicero Downing, near New Markek, Platte County; Hiram Hurst, William Phelan, Thomas Roberts, Buchanan County; Lieutenant John Martin, Paw, Buchanan County, Mo. ; Charles Spencer, George Roberts, first, Joseph White, Buchanan County; E. Downing, Platte County.

The subordinates are as follows: Franklin Spencer, Thomas Squires, Alfred Squires, John Hendricks, William Wallingford, George Roberts, second, Calbert Brown, all living in Buchanan County; William Sharp, Roderick Sharp, John Lewis, Erastys Carter, Guy Brown, Green Thompson, second, John Brown, first, John Brown, second, John Brown, third, all living in Platte County; Samuel King, James Lane, John Ross, George Boatwright, John Lykins, first near the line of Platte and Buchanan Counties; J. Pepper, Luke West, John Lykins, second, Green Hackett, George Goldsberry, Georg Grantt, Platte County, John Gannt, Tuntz Miller, William Moore, John Moore.

Influential: Robert Thomas, first, Robert Thomas, second, John Whittington and brother, Buchanan County; William Allen, James Allen, Platte County.

George Rector and Esquire Willis, of Buchanan County, are members, though not generally known, at least so Parson Brooks says; told him (witness) so. That whom he left home to go South in July last arms and gun caps were privately reported concealed upon the premises of Esquire Willis. Steps were being taken at that time to remove said arms, but whether perfected or not is unable to state. That Calhoun Thornton, a rebel recruiting in Clay, Ray, Clinton, Buchanan, Platte, and Holt, and probably Andrew Counties. He has some 5,000 men enlisted, if reports are to be relied upon, and stays with members of the aforesaid order.

The name of the mail carrier in that locality is George Phelan. He collects and leaves with a mail every three weeks; his headquarters are at Fouse, in Buchanan, and the men named as members herein are correspondents of the rebel army.

17 R R - SERIES II, VOL VII

