
The only reliable Union men in the above localities within his knowledge are as follows: Thomas Miller, between Saint Joseph and Weston. Near Spencer's Mill; John Norris, same place; Moses Norris and one Hendley, in Buchanan.

The aforesaid members of the order were armed and equipped by Colonel James Moss, of Paw notoriety. And further smith not.

A. N. McGUIRE.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4 th day of May, 1864.

J. C. DODGE,

Lieutenant and assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

N.

LOUISVILLE, May 7, 1864.

SIR: I drop you a line for advice. We have found out some men who are doing a heavy business in furnishing men and arms to the enemy. There has been $ 17,000 spent in the last two or three days for arms. There is another place where they are doing the same work. I can join them and find out the whole arrangement if it is your wish. There is a rendezvous out some ten miles from this city. They have told me all about their arrangements. They intend to stay out there until 300 of them get together, and then run into the city and rob the bank and post-office, and then leave for Dixie. I think that if something is not done very soon with this state she is gone by the board. Since I have been here they have furnished over 2,00 men to the enemy.

Let us know by return mail what to do, and I will do your bidding.

FORRESTER.

Report of James M. Forrester.

SAINT LOUIS, May, 24, 1864.

Col J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-general Department of the Missouri:

SIR: I respectfully report that in obedience to your instructions I left this city for Louisville on the morning of the 11th of May and reached the latter place next morning. Soon after my arrival there I made the acquaintance of Edward F. Hoffman, one of your agents you had directed me to and with whom I afterward co-operated while there. By Mr. Hoffman I was introduced to one Doctor Thornton, of Missouri, and Henry Foster, of New Orleans. They proved to be rebels. Foster afterward proved to be a rebel spy, belonging to the Fifty-sixth Indiana [sic] Volunteers, C. S. Army. He had been all through the cities of Saint Louis, Memphis, and had gone down to louisville to pick up what few items he could. Through them I got acquainted with other parties in the city of Louisville of Southern proclivities. They gave me to understand they were furnishing arms and munitions of war and men to the rebel army. I professed to be from Missouri and a rebel. They wanted me to join and go with them. I made the necessary preparation with the authorities at Louisville to receive the arms that they furnished us, also money. I took down the names of those who donated them and handed them to the authorities. I caught one man who was aiding and harboring those recruits while they were trying to get away. I also caught the spy Foster and he is now in the hands of the authorities at Louisville. He was traveling under a false passport and a false name. He got the passport from a young man named Henry Foster, of New Orleans. His name is Robert

