
Wilbur. I got information that they were going to concentrate all the recruits at a man's by the name of Grant to be fed and taken care of. The place was on the Bardstown road, thirteen miles from the city and five from the road; and also at a man's by the name of J. C. McCormick; he lives within half a mile from the road on the opposite side of Grant's. They were to concentrate there and after they were armed and equipped they were to enter the city of Louisville in the night and rob the bank and post-office and make their way off. They were to get their saddles and horses out of the Government stable on Eighth street, in Louisville, and at the Government corral there. They were then to join Forrest, near Smithland, at the mouth of the Cumberland River or thereabout.

A great many of the citizens of Louisville were posted in this matter and helping. John Schneider, 306 Main street, Louisville, was treasurer of the fund. Joseph Martin, same firm, was the leader in Louisville to raise money and buy arms and ammunition. There was also a man by the name of Steele, at,d,, Ky., who was in the same business. J. H. Cutler, Main street, between First and Second, was a party concerned; also a man in the same house by the name of Sparks. J. D. Bondurant, 322 Main, between Third and Fourth, furnished some funds to my certain knowledge. I saw him do that. C. C. Spencer, same street, and a man by the name of Moore furnished money at the same time. J. N. Willard &amp; Co., 309 Green street, furnished ammunition, revolver, and money. Donnell, the other member of this firm, is the mein man, and from him I myself received money and a pistol.

My tue object for visiting Louisville, Ky., was to ascertain something in relation to a secret organization that was going on in the States of Indiana, Ohio, Illinois, and was supposed to be also in Louisville, Ky. I thought Louisville would be the starting point to find out something about it. Soon after I got there I learned there were some members there. The aforesaid Thornton and Foster were members, as were also J. C. McCormick, Donnell, Martin, and Sparks. I obtained the first degree of the order - myself and Mr. Hoffman together. McCormick and Forster told me about it first, and then they invited me up, when they initiated me. There is no regular lodge there. They gave me the signs and the name of the order and its intentions, which are to oppose the present Administration in all measures whatever; never to join the Federal Army on any account whatever; to resist their draft; join the Southern Army if you feel like it, they being those we are to look to in our present embarrassments and trouble for relief; to oppose the confiscation of property by the Federal Government; protect with our liver if necessary the property of Southern men. The order is called the Star Organization. Captain Goleses, of Saint Louis, is a member of the organization. They are required at all times to keep arms and ammunition in the house - Colt revolvers and double-barreled shotguns.

On my way from Louisville to Saint Louis I respected a man of being a member of the order and gave him the sign. He answered it correctly. This was in Illinois. He remarked, "You can find plenty of them kind of men in Illinois. " The conversation did not go any further, because the cars were crowded. 	 did not learn the man's name.

In my travels I got letters of recommendation to parties in Smithland and in Uniontown, on the Ohio River - recommendations to men who are furnishing arms and ammunition to the Confederate authorities. The letters were kept by the authorities at Louisville. I also understood there were parties in Memphis who are furnishing the Confederate authorities daily with these things. There is a firm in Saint Louis who have a contract and its name is Anderson & Watson.

