
There are now under treatment here 355 patients. The following is the summary of the sick report for the month ending March 31 (excluding smallpox): Total strength of prisoners, 7,254; remaining sick at last report, 548; taken sick during the month, 620; aggregate sick, 1,168; returned to quarters, 664; died, 152; remaining sick, 352; percentage of deaths to total strength, . 021; percentage of deaths to aggregate sick, . 1302.

Morning report April 6 (excluding smallpox): Sick in hospital, 355.

VARIOLA HOSPITAL.

This branch of the prison hospital, consisting of six barracks (24 by 150 by 12 feet each), a laundry, guard-house, dead-house, and a building for dispensary, store-rooms, attendants, &amp;c., is located on the south shore of the island about three-quarters of a mile from the prison inclosure.

Wards. - The wards are in generally good order, much better indeed than are those within the prison inclosure. The patients, clothing, and bedding are clean.

Ventilation and warming. - Four of the wards are provided with adequate ridge ventilation. The remaining two (those first erected) are ventilated only by means of the side windows. Each ward is warmed by five stoves.

Kitchens and cooking. - The kitchens and cooking utensils are in very good order and the cooking is said to be well done.

Offices. - The dispensary and other offices are in good order.

Laundry. - The laundry contains two 40-gallon caldrons, and is in active operation to the manifest improvement of the patients both in comfort and appearance.

Clothing. - From the lack of an adequate supply of clothing with which to provide convalescents on returning to quarters, the surgeon in charge has attempted to purify and disinfect the clothing brought by them to the pest-house. This is done by thoroughly boiling the clothes, then subjecting them in a close apartment to the fumes of burning sulphur, followed by a second boiling. This is said to have been effectual in destroying the infection, as no case has yet been traced to the use of this clothing. The process may be effectual, still I do not think it safe to trust to it. New clothing should be furnished to all returning to quarters.

Two small buildings on the island in the neighborhood of the pest-house, and formerly dwellings, are still used for the reception of smallpox patients; one of them for cases occurring among the garrison. They are in tolerably good order.

The smallpox is abating somewhat, though by no means as rapidly as I has hoped and expected. There are now 274 cases in all, most of which are of a mild type, and many of whom are convalescent.

The following is the report of smallpox for the month ending March 31: Total strength of prisoners, 7,254; remaining sick at last report, 160; taken sick during month, 376; aggregate sick, 536; returned to quarters, 134; died, 132; percentage of cases to total strength, . 0739; percentage of deaths to total strength, . 0182; percentage of deaths to aggregate sick, . 2463.

