
The feeling in Louisville is generally in favor of the South and they rejoice at the hearing of a Federal loss and a Southern victory. They also say they are turning the Federal officers and soldiers to be Southern men, and they (the Federals) are getting weaker in the cause.

From all that I can learn my impression is that the present officers ought to be removed from there and others put in from loyal States. The Kentucky forces ought to be removed from there.

O.

Reports of Edward F. Hoffman.

LOUISVILLE, KY., May 19, 1864.

Excuse my long silence. There is a reason for it. I am in full possession of the fundamental principles of the "Star Order. " I start to-day for Indianapolis, and will be as expeditious as possible.

INDIANAPOLIS, May 22, 1864.

I reached this point on the 20th, and have been diligently engaged in search of friends, with rather poor success so far. I can hear of them, but have not yet recognized one man by the signs taught me. There is such an organization here. They have places of meeting, but the whole thing seems to be a riddle, and whenever an exposure takes place the signs and countersigns are changed I see the badge here on various places of business, railroad cars, &amp;c. The day I came here I stumbled on a rebel lieutenant (Lewis, released from Camp Lookout, Va., through the amnesty proclamation). He unbosomed himself to hence knows none of them, nor of this organization. I will try and turn him to some account. The Sentinel I the rebel paper here. I wrote the editor a letter, telling him that I resided in Central Missouri; claimed fraternal ration with friends here; had failed to get recognition; was here for an important purpose and desired an interview. I find detectives here on every corner - all spotted. Lieutenant Lewis says they have all tied him, but he plays lawyer on them.

INDIANAPOLIS, May 23, 1864.

I fortunately struck the current to-day. It is now after 9 p. m. Remember this! The order is in national council here to-night and has been to-day, though I have not been able to get into it for want of credentials. I have worked myself into the confidence of one who is in the secret. Missouri has her delegates here. There is a Judas in the body. He is from the South. While I write he is with Morton and Carrington, selling out for $5,000. You may think this strange news for one to have who has not spoken to a military man or detective since here. It is strange yet true. They may all be arrested before morning. The house is now surrounded by a guard. Policy may prevent an arrest. My note to Bingham, of the Sentinel, was read in council to-day, but there was none in it who knows me. There is intense excitement among them. One of them ran away this evening. They are alarmed and afraid even of friends Every Northern State is represented.

INDIANAPOLIS, May 26, 1864.

I am now armed and equipped, as the law directs. There was no arrest of the order. The member and General C. overruled the Governor, who, I learn, is quite displeased. The authorities are in the

