
dark other than as to the fact of the meeting of the order, which scattered on the night of the 23d. Its members suspected this fishy fellow, and dispersed without completing their business. I have no doubt they adjourned to meet at some other point. Up to this meeting and disaster I have had proof, including the traveling password. This will enable me to change with my "brothers" and keep pace with the times. They are all in a sad fright here and afraid to recognize one another in the street. I am arranging everything perfectly for future operations. I will leave here this evening for Saint Louis. I have not yet received the names of the Missouri members. Among those in attendance here, however, are William F. Hall and Ben. North, of Saint Louis.

Statement of Edward F. Hoffman.

SAINT LOUIS, Mo., May 28, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General Department of the Missouri:

COLONEL: I herewith submit the following statement of my operation in Louisville and elsewhere while acting under your orders: On the 25th of April. 1864, I received the following names of persons of Southern sympathies, residing in Saint Louis, Mo.: C. E. Dunn, C. L. Hunt, S. D. Hendel, E. J. Rae, John Taylor, Green B. Smith. My object in procuring these names was to become familiarized with a secret organization supposed to be in existence here. I had to make my rebel of reputation as I went. I therefore assumed the name of a rebel of Audrain County, Mo., who I knew to be absent from the State, and would not soon return. I did this in order that should my name be traced back I should show rebel antecedents. I have no doubt that the reference was made, and that my success in this rebel name.

April 26. - I saw John Taylor, of the Montgomery House. I did not converse with him on that day, but conversed with a boarder of his, Mr. Cruse, of Henry County, Mo. Mr. Cruse is a speculator. Introduced myself to Mr. Cruse as a resident of Central Missouri. My object in approaching Mr. Cruse, and not Mr. Taylor was that he might converse with Mr. Taylor in relation to me previous to my conversing with him. After explaining myself sufficiently to Mr. Cruse I left him without broaching the matter to Mr. Taylor. In the evening of the same day I visited Mr. Green B. Smith at his place of business. He seemed to have faith in me from the time that he first saw me, and agreed to meet me as a rebel at the Everett House, in this city, on the same evening. I told him the same that I told Mr. Cruise, that I was from Central Missouri; that I had made up my mind to pass through the Federal lines, if possible, and enter the Southern Army; that I knew he could place me in possession of information which would be of great use to me; that I Had obtained his name from a Mr. Graham, of Mexico, Mo. He told me that Mr. Graham should have given me a letter; that if he could place me in possession of the information I desired he would do so, but desired first to ascertain who this. Mr. Graham was. He seemed much interested in me, and willing to do anything for me that he could, if I could convince him that I was a rebel. He told me that the best route to get South was by the river, and the best boat for me to go on was one, the name of which I have forgotten, but I think it was the Graham. I mentioned her in my previous report.

April 28, 29. - This morning I had a private interview with Mr. John Taylor, proprietor of the Montgomery House, in this city. Told him

