
Foster how necessary it would be to us to procure all the information in regard to this society we could, as it would enable us to tell our friends from our enemies; and that as he was deficient in funds and as I had not much left our friends would not mistrust us as being anything else than true Confederate men; and that, therefore, we could procure as much means as we stood in need of. This seemed to amuse him as well as please him. He was a brave and fearless young man, willing to attempt anything that a wily friend might suggest. Doctor Thornton affected not to be in possession of the secrets of these organization himself. During the interview with Foster I was introduced to Mr. Jack Taylor, a keeper of a boarding-house at 519 First street. He was then entertaining Foster gratuitously, knowing him to be a rebel. This Mr. Taylor had taken the oath of allegiance and had given bonds for his loyal conduct. He had a house full of boarders, all of whom are disloyal, with the exception of one or two. His wife is a most loquacious rebel. She told me that she was a Knight of the Golden Circle.

The doctor informed me that there was a peace party of a secret character - which was organizing all over the North - now in completion in Missouri and Kentucky, and already completed in Illinois. He also told me that the ladies of Louisville and Kentucky are conveying ammunition to the South in vast quantities; that a son of Tom Moore, who was a medical student, and now a medical inspector on the staff of General Price, had made $75,000 on medicine in one year, having got a return upon it previous to leaving for the Southern Army. This medicine was smuggled through the lines, principally from Louisville. The doctor seemed to rejoice over this, and said what a shrewd, smart, sagacious fellow the young doctor was.

May 5. - I had an interview at Numbers 519 First street with Foster, previously spoken of. Mr. Foster's true name, I find, is Robert Wilbur. Mrs. Taylor said that they were very fearful when Mr. Foster came to their house that he had been sent there out of some ruse of the Federals; that she only judged him to be a Southern soldier from his complexion, which was quite swarthy. The morning that the doctor and I called upon Foster first we met Mrs. Taylor in the street, who was then on the way to visit the doctor to see whether he had sent Foster there or whether he was an imposter. She seemed much relieved when she found that Foster, or Wilbur, had not misrepresented himself. They fairly idolized him. He was the pet of the family and the star among the boarders. I was introduced this morning, during this interview, to a Mr. Martin, a brother-in-law of Mr. Taylor. There are two of these Mr. Martins. They are brothers. One of them is a boarder in Taylor's family, the other is not. As I understood it, one of them - Joseph I think - conducts such persons as have a desire togo to the Confederate Army to a safe rendezvous. They are taken out at that week; that he and Mr. Martin generally got the boys through. The point where such persons are taken to is about thirteen miles from Louisville, as represented to me. He told me that they had taken thirty or forty the previous night. In the evening I went with Foster, by invitation, to the residence of Doctor Thornton, and spent the evening in reviling the Government, in which the doctor took a leading part. I was introduced to Miss Anna Thornton, his daughter, and Miss Hopkons, a rebel of much notoriety in Louisville. The doctor's son, James Thornton, a grown young man, was present during the evening and

