
participated in the conversation. When introduced to the young ladies they shook us cordially by the hand in the presence of the doctor, saying that as we were rebels they would be familiar with us. A niece of the doctor's, Miss Jane Todd, was also present and took part in the conversation. She is a dyed rebel.

May 6. - My object in having these interviews with Mr. Taylor, Foster, Doctor Thornton, his family and acquaintances, was to familiarize myself it in these interviews by setting forth minor points. At this time I was in bad health and the doctor and Mr. Taylor - had it not been for this - showed more of a disposition to push me off to the Southern Army than to enable me to get the information I desired. I regarded my sickness as providential. Several times they reported to me that the route was open for me and Foster and my friend, Forrester, who had now arrived from Saint Louis, and who was co-operating with me to gain our true object. At this time I was boarding at Numbers 508 Fifth street, with Mrs. Cummings, who I a vile rebel, as well as the majority of all her boarders. She scoffed at an old lawyer, a very gentlemanly old man, who boarded in the family, but who, she said, was a Black Republican. She seemed much interested in me and Forrester, as we purported to be rebels. In an interview that I had with Mrs. Taylor to-day she told me she had formerly lived at Westport, a few miles from Louisville; that for over a year while she resided there she kept a rebel flag in her house and waved it as all the steam-boats passed up the river by Westport, also that the Knights of the Golden Circle had met in her house and had held their meetings there as long as she lived there; that she was a member; that when the Federals came to Westport she ascertained that the colonel of the regiment was a Knight of the Golden Circle; I think she said that he was the colonel of the Ninth Michigan Cavalry; that when she saw him she gave him the sign, which he answered as a knight of the Golden Circle ; that on ascertaining she was a member he placed a guard around her premises and suffered nothing to be molested, whereas all the vegetables and fruits and such other things as soldiers could pillage were taken from Union people, which gratified her exceedingly, and she told them that if they had been rebels and Knight of the Golden Circle their property would have been equally respected. Mr. Taylor told me that the Federal military authorities had stated to the people that they could not be arrested of their sentiments or conversation, bur that only such persons were arrest as were giving aid and comfort to the Confederates.

May 7. - I formed an acquaintance to-day, in company with Forrester, with a Dr. Worden Heddington, recently a major and quartermaster in Price's army. He told me he had taken the oath of allegiance, and in the same breath said the best way for us to get South into the Confederate Army was through Southeast Missouri. He spends much of his time with the editor of the Louisville Journal, George D. Prentice. He says Prentice is one of the best rebels in Kentucky. He also says that Prentice advises his rebel friends who have taken the oaths of allegiance or amnesty not to talk disloyal sentiments in his presence, as he does not wish them to be injured by him, should he be called on to testify against them, nor does he wish them to endanger him by talking disloyal him with the Federal authorities. He asked Forrester and I to go and be introduced to him as spies from the rebel army. As we were very busy in other pursuits we were compelled to decline the

