
invitation, thinking, too, that Prentice, being so exceedingly shrewd and wary, might recognize our true characters. Doctor Heddington told me that Prentice gave $100 per month to General Thompson, now or recently confined at Johnson's Island military prison, Lake Erie. Most of this information was elicited from Heddingron while under the influence of stimulants. While I regard the great features of it as entirely true, I am inclined to believe that there is considerable braggadocio in said Heddingron. I was introduced, through Foster and Heddingron, to a Mr. Schneider, one of John Morgan's men. I was introduced to him by Heddington as rebel. Doctor Thornton informed me to-day that much money was contributed by the citizens of Louisville, Lexington, and other points in Kentucky for the purpose of procuring arms for the use of the rebel army. He told me that the wife of George d. Prentice was a true Southern woman and a great rebel; that lately she had called upon her husband for $400, which was her contribution for the purchase of a large lot of arms for the Confederates; that Prentice gave her a check upon his banker for $400. In this conversation Heddington stated that on that day they were expecting $2,000 from the city of Lexington, Ky., for the same purpose.

On the afternoon of to-day, in company with Mr. Forrester, I was introduced into the family of Mrs. Carll, or Caarl. She resides on Seventh street, between Green and Walnut, I think. We did not see her, but were first made acquainted with her daughter, Mrs. Craddock, who resides five miles from the city on the Bardstown road. Mrs. Craddock expressed great gratification in forming the acquaintance of rebels; told us if we got into trouble and were about to be arrested to seek her home; that she would hide us and feed us, and enable us, if possible, to evade the authorities. She sent for her sister, Miss Sydney Carll, who was absent, to come home in order that we might be introduced to her. On the arrival of Miss Sydney she received us most cordially. We were introduced to her by Doctor Heddington, who told her that we, including himself, were all going off next week to the army. Miss Sudney sang for us several new Confederate songs, playing at the same time on the piano. Miss Sydney told us that if we got in trouble to see her; that she had a place where she could secrete us, in a large box upstairs. She advised us to be very prudent in all that we said and did in Louisville. This was also the advice of Doctor Heddington to a Mr. Cunningham, Of Nashville. Tenn., who was stopping at the National Hotel, in Louisville. The doctor represented Mr. Cunningham as being a true Southern man; that we could place implicit confidence in him as such. In this Mr. Cunningham assented.

May 9. - Up to this time we could not learn definitely that there was a secret organization of the character that we were in search of in Louisville. Forrester had assigned a different reason in coming to Louisville than I had. I had professed a perfect willingness to go as soon as the way was open, of which the doctor and Mr. Taylor were to be the judges. He represented that he was looking, not alone for himself, but for orders. It was therefore necessary that I should have some grounds for postponing my trip. In truth I was sick. If I had been continually seen upon the street they would at once reason that my sickness was feigned, a thing which would have justly caused them to distrust me. Until we could get further information it was necessary for me to remain as close to my room as possible, Forrester urging that I would

