
not make a soldier and Doctor Thornton advising me to remain for the present in Louisville, stating that I would not be suspected as a Confederate soldier, as my appearance was such as to indicate a lawyer, doctor, or preacher; that if I was questioned on the subject to state that I was a doctor and relative of his; that this would be sufficient reason for being frequently seen at his house; that he and his family enjoyed my company very much, and desired me, as far as possible, to spend all my unoccupied time in his family. This I understood to proceed from my being a rebel. I would here state that the doctor has taken the oath of allegiance and is under heavy bonds, as I understood him. While I was confined to my room Forrester kept the run of what was going on outside; he did the work and I furnished such counsel as I was enabled to give.

I visited Miss Sydney Carll at her residence to-day. While remarking that I might be arrested if I remained too long in the city, she said to me that she had a good friend in the office of the provost-marshal at Louisville.

I ascertained to-day that Mr. Martin, previously referred to in this statement, and who keeps a liquor store on Main street, is the one who obtains the arms for the rebel soldiers. He says that $17,000 worth have been purchased within the last few weeks. The rendezvous where the arms and soldiers are secreted is at Mr. Grant's, about thirteen miles from the city. Mr. Martin proposed to have the city bank robbed of all its funds, all the arms in the city captured, customhouse robbed, and the post-office also. A Mr. Steele, who resides a short distance up the Ohio River, is In the same business as Mr. Martin and co-operates with him.

May 10. - I formed an acquaintance with Mr. Florence, residing near Boston, Nelson County, who professes to be a strong rebel.

May 11. - I spent the forenoon with Forrester and R. P. League, who keeps a saloon near the Louisville theater. League had previously been in the rebel army, but had taken the oath of allegiance and given bonds, but stated a desire togo with us to the Confederate Army, fearing that he should be drafted. In the evening I went to the Louisville theater with Mrs. Taylor, by her request, Forrester going with a Miss Ellen Davis, a boarder in Mrs. Taylor's family. They went with us because we were rebels. We still thought that this society existed in Louisville, but that they might mistrust us, and therefore did not lead us into its secrets. We conceived that the best way to reach the faith of the rebel men was through the rebel women. In this I think we happily succeeded.

May 12. - I ascertained to-day that a Mr. Sharp, a liquor merchant on Main street, I engaged in the same business as Martin - furnishing arms and conveying soldiers to the rendezvous at Grant's. We never lost sight of our true object. Whenever an opportunity presented itself for ascertaining any information in regard to it, we took advantage of it. It was our good fortune this day to ascertain that the organization existed in Grant's neighborhood and met at Grant's house. We ascertained this through Foster, or Wilbur. Foster had previously told us that he had taken the first degree of the order. We conceived the idea of Extracting the secret from him. The man who had initiated him, McCormick, had promised to be in the city before this time, but up to this time had not come, nor had Foster heard from him. We were delaying things until he came. We thought it a dangerous expedient for both or either to go to Grant's, as, if we should be suspected, or anything found upon us would create suspicion,

