
we would pay for it with our lives, well knowing the character of the men with whom we were dealing. We now felt sure, without a mishap, of gaining the desired point.

May 13. - I ascertained to-day that a man named Thomas Forrest, from the South, passed through Louisville yesterday for Saint Louis. He is a tall man, with dark whiskers, and has on a new suit of dark clothes. I further ascertained that he had received $500 from friends in this city. There is a peculiarity in his handwriting, thus: "thomas," for "Thomas. " He is a rebel spy. This evening I was introduced by Foster to a man named William H. Harrison, who represented himself to me as being a captain in col. John Morgan's cavalry, and was captured in a private's uniform during the Morgan raid in Ohio, in the summer of 1863. He told me that when he was taken prisoner, not being in offerers' inform, he represented himself to the Federal authorities as a private, as did also a lieutenant in the same regiment, and both were confined in Camp Chase, Ohio, instead of Johnson's Island, where all the officers were sent. During last winter he and the lieutenant referred to, together with thirteen privates, made their escape from Camp Chase, passing through the State of Illinois, thence southward, scattering in Kentucky and Tennessee. He was rearrested in Tennessee, having been reported to the Federal authorities, he says, by a man who was formerly a rebel, and who had given him much information in relation to the Federal authorities and their doings, while he (Harrison) was in the Confederate secret service, under Bragg. Harrison told me that before reaching Illinois he wrote to Congressman Allen whose Christian name I forget, but think he called him, socially, "Josh Allen," telling him that he and his companions had escaped from Camp Chase and were on their way South. He said he had previously known Allen; that when they arrived there they were most cordially received by Allen and his family, well cared for, and secreted during their stay, and sent on their way rejoicing, and that Allen was a good rebel. He stated particularly that Allen was at home, but the precise date I do not think he stated, and if he did I have forgotten it. Of this much, however, I am sure, that this was during the winter of 1863. I think he told me that Allen represented the Ninth Congressional District of Illinois. This Captain Harrison further stated to me that he designed to return to the Confederate Army, and without breaking his parole, he would go to some Union man's house in the country, having previously arranged with guerrillas, or Confederate soldiers, in the neighborhood to arrest him at that house on a particular night which he should designate. On being arrested he would state before this Union man that he did not want to be taken prisoner; that he was a prisoner of war on parole, regarded his parole as sacred, and wished to be left to return to the Federal authorities. The guerrillas, or Confederate soldiers, were thus to be made to appear to carry him off against his will. By this manner he expected to return to the Confederate Army without sacrificing his parole.

May 14. - Dr. W. T. Thornton told me to-day that Illinois had sent three commissioners to Richmond to treat with the Confederate authorities in regard to the recognition of the South and the co-operation of the Democratic party at the North with the South. He told me he knew the to be so.

May 15. - Captain Cunningham, of Nashville, designs going into the business of smuggling on the Cumberland River, and taking such necessaries for selling to guerrillas and disloyal persons as he can exchange for salable commodities. He has sent a man to Saint Louis

