
to purchase a boat for that purpose. Captain Cunningham boards, when in Louisville, at the National Hotel. He consorted with me as a rebel; asked me to drink with him as a rebel; told me I could not be too prudent while I remained in Louisville.

May 16. - Foster, or Wilbur, states that a Mr. Fink, of Louisville, reported to Mr. Taylor, or Doctor Thornton, that Forrester was a special policeman in the Government employ from Saint Louis. Foster; s faith in both of us was too strong to believe it. He told it to us in confidence.

May 17. - Miss Jane Tod, of whom I have spoken previously, and who I an inmate of the family of Doctor Thornton, showed me a large silver-mounted Bowie knife, which she said she was keeping for a Missouri friend of hers. She also stated that she had a revolver, which she had purchased in Saint Louis through one of the best Union men in Henry County, Mo. He purchased it for her because he was above suspicion. I did not learn his name.

May 18. - I got acquainted to-day, at the boarding-house of Mrs. Cummings, previously mentioned, with Doctor Draper, of Tennessee, who was rebel surgeon in Thompson's regiment in the Southern Army; also with a young Doctor Montgomery, who has been in a rebel hospital. Although they have taken the oath they both express sympathy for the South and disloyal sentiments. They were going to Tamaroa, Ill. Doctor Draper has a brother at Louisiana, Mo., who, he said, was all right. I was also introduced to-day to Mr. McCormick, who resides in Bullitt County, Ky., and who is a member of the Star Organization, as he terms it. He initiated us - Forrester and myself - in the presence of Foster, or Wilbur, into this secret organization. The initiation took place in our private room at the house of Mrs. Cummings. One of the obligations of said organization is not it enlist in the Federal Army; another to resist the draft by force of arms; to vote for a candidate for the Presidency who is utterly opposed to the present Federal Administration. In Kentucky it further binds the member to resist the confiscation of property; each member is required to keep a double-barreled shotgun, a revolver, and plenty of ammunition. Imprudent persons, though Southern in feeling, are not admitted as members of the organization, but their brother members procure ammunition and arms for them, which are to be reserved for time of need. You are also sworn to do all in your power to damage the Administration by misrepresentation, and whenever opportunity offers to destroy all Government property.

May 19. - Captain Harrison called on me this evening at Mrs. Cummings' and stated to me that he had just assisted five men to leave on the train, in their way South; that he had procured them money and arms. He desired me to call on a gentleman by the name of Hoffman, with whom he had formerly boarded, and who, he said, was anxious to become acquainted with me, as I was in the city and was a good rebel. Harrison said that Mr. Hoffman had boarded him for nearly two months, because he knew him to be a rebel, although he was on parole; that if he (Harrison) had been loyal he would not have been thus entertained by Hoffman, as Hoffman was a true Southern man. James Wintersmith, who stays with hie uncle, Mr. Jacobs, of Fourth street, assisted in collecting funds for the purchase of arms for Foster, Forrester, and himself, and was to leave on the steamer Tyron when Foster and Forrester left, but, thinking that they might be arrested and that he would be arrested with them, he designed going by the cars to Evansville, and there intercept the steamer Tyrone with them.

