
This boy Wintersmith has been once released by the Federal authorities, having been taken prisoner during Morgan's raid. He told me that a Federal officer had said to him if he would wait a few days he would give him a paper to a Federal officer at Memphis, Tenn., that would enable him to get safely through the Federal lines. Wintersmith was not arrested, but Foster and Forrester were. By arrangement on the part of McCormick, Foster and Forrester were to leave for Smith land on the steamer Tyrone, McCormick having procured free passage for them on that boat, the captain knowing that they were rebels and destined for the Confederate Army. I saw Foster on Green street in the forenoon. He told me he was waiting for the delivery of a revolver, or repeater, as he termed it, and that as soon as he procured it he would custom-house, on Green street, whose name I did not learn. The man is engaged in the hardware business between the Louisville theater and the post-office.

By previous arrangement with the U. S. military authorities, Foster, Forrester, and McCormick were arrested after they had secured their passage on the Tyrone. Some money had been contributed by Southern sympathizers, whose names I did not learn, to defray their expenses until they got farther south. Foster and McCormick were retained in prison and Forrester released. He left that evening for Saint Louis.

By instructions, after gaining what information I could in relation to this organization in Louisville, I was to proceed to Indianapolis, Ind., to see what the organization was doing at that point. I thought it imprudent, or Forrester had been suspected, for me to go to Grant's as the risk was too great. Having procured all the information that was practicable in Louisville in regard to this organization, I left by the evening train for Indianapolis.

May 20. - After arriving at Indianapolis I endeavored, by the information I had received in Kentucky, to be recognized in the usual way by members of the organization, but seemingly without effect. Late in the evening of to-day I became acquainted with a Mr. Lewis, of North Carolina, who has been confined until late in the spring at Camp Lookout, in Virginia or Maryland. He told them that Dr. L. F. Russell, who was the chief surgeon at that point in the U. S. Army, was exceedingly kind to him while there; that through him he succeeded in getting into the hospital; that Doctor Russell, contrary to the rules of the prison, would pass letters for him to his friend, and receive answers to them I his own name; that by that means he was enabled to procure money in quantity. This was a violation of established prison laws. That when money was received by prisoners the authorities kept it, only allowing the prisoners $5 at a time in sutler's checks; and that, through the influence of Mr. Hill, now provost-marshal of one of the Congressional districts of Indiana, and who was formerly from North Carolina, Governor Morton had interceded for him and recommended his release.

Lewis regards General Carrington, now in chief command at Indianapolis, as a very conservative or democratic officer. He said that Governor Morton and General Carrington indulge him in talking just as he pleases; that no detective could injure him; that he is in the confidence of the principal officers at Indianapolis, and that they allow him to say and do what he pleases. He told me further that he was taken in line of battle at Gettysburg; that he was a lieutenant in the Confederate Army, but, being in private's uniform and representing himself to be such, he was detained at Camp Lookout as a private and was released on taking the oath of allegiance.

