
May 21. - I wrote a confidential letter to-day to Mr. Bingham editor of the state Sentinel, published at this place. In this letter I stated to him that I was from Central Missouri; that I was a member of this secret organization; that from some cause or other I had not succeeded in being recognized by the members in this city as such; that I was here for a good purpose; that I desired a private interview with him in order that I might be tested, and learn what difference there was between me and the members of the organization at Indianapolis. I left this letter with his clerk in the counting-room of the Sentinel office, and I desired an answer through the same channel. I called several times without receiving an answer. On the 23rd I called again and found him in the counting-room. He asked me what reason I had in writing him such a letter, affecting great indignation. He told me that if he knew anything about me he would have me arrested by the Government officials; that he was a Democrat, but had no secrets; that he was not a member of any secret organization, and asked me who it was that had paid me for writing such an insulting letter to him. "Ah," said he, "I recognize you now. I know who you are. I know you well, and the sooner you get away from here the better for you. " By this he meant, as I understood it, that he was member of this secret organization, and aimed to intimidate me and frighten me away, if possible, from Indianapolis.

May 22. - I had an interview with Lieutenant Lewis, but elicited nothing of importance from him. I began to suspect him as a Government detective himself.

May 23. - I had an interview with Lieutenant Lewis, and through him I learned that a national council of this organization was at this time in convention in the Palmer House. He informed me that every Northern State was represented; that Missouri and Kentucky were represented, and mentioned the name of Doctor Bullitt as one of the delegates from Kentucky; that Bingham, the editor of the Sentinel, was then in the room; that my note to him had been read in the convention to ascertain who I was, but that the members, including the Missouri delegation, stated that they knew me not, and that unless I had written credentials I could not be admitted. One of the members of the organization with whom Lieutenant Lewis had been acquainted in North Carolina gave him full proceedings and workings of the convention. This member offered to reveal to Governor Morton and General Carrington the full proceedings if they would agree to pay him $5,000. He said to Lewis that he was suspected by the members, and one of them had made his escape, expecting that all would be arrested, and that Bingham was the man who first suspected him. Lewis further told me that these Judas member said Governor Morton wanted all of them arrested, but Carrington thought it impolitic, and that it would implicate this member; he also thought that there was a lack of authority for making the arrests. On the 23rd they adjourned without letting this member know at what point they would reassemble. May 24. - Lewis informed me that S. P. Coffin, the member spoken of as being suspected by the convention and who came with the Kentucky delegation, was a U. S. detective, and that he was in the council on the 23d.

May 25. - Lewis revealed himself to me to-day. He told me that he had accepted the position of a Government detective, but that he would prove to me that he was a true Southern man. He placed me in possession of the information I was in search of, believing me to be a strong sympathizer with the South, and to show me that he was using his

