
position to aid the South. The information I desired was the secrets of this organization as it exists in Indiana. Lewis said he had been initiated by his friend Coffin, of North Carolina. Lewis never suspected me as being anything else than a true Southern man, and that is what he meant by saying he would prove to me that, although acting in the capacity of a detective, he at heart was also a true Southern man.

By examining the registers at the different hotels I saw two names, Louis, and suspect, though I do not know it to be a fact, that they are the delegates from Missouri.

May 26. - Through Lewis I ascertained that the convention of this secret organization adjourned to meet in Louisville, Ky., where the are now supposed to be assembled. Governor Morton sent a man to Louisville for the organization in Indianapolis had become so frightened that they would answer no sign upon the street, and they seemed to suspect one another, and appeared fearful that the whole organization would be immediately arrested. All this information Lewis revealed to ma as a detective in the employ of the Government, believing me to be what I represented myself to him, a true Southern man, and pointed out the other detectives to me in order that I might know and avoid them. He further told me that many of the civil officers of the State were members of this secret organization; that they believed him to be a sound Southern man, and revealed themselves to him accordingly. He mentioned particularly the auditor of State, who he said, was the best Democrat in Indiana.

May 27. - Lewis gave me this morning the names of the following men, as being the leading members of this secret organization and the Democratic party in Indianapolis: H. E. Hezekoah, saloon keeper; Daniel Bacon, who keeps the Exchange saloon, the principal one in the city; J. J. Bingham, editor of the State Sentinel; John Jones, saloon keeper; Colonel H. Achey, boarding-house keeper. He also named William Baker, at Richmond, Ind., and gave me a letter of introduction and recommendation as a Southern man to Colonel J. M. A. Drake, a distinguished lawyer, living at Prairie, Adams County, Ill., of which the following is a copy:

INDIANAPOLIS, May 27, 1864.

Colonel J. M. A. DRAKE:

DEAR SIR: I have met with a gentleman from Missouri by the name of Edward F. Hoffman, who, I believe, is an honorable, high-minded, gentleman, also of your politics. He may want to correspond with you; if so, write to him with a relaxed nerve, for he is all right, &amp;c. I have received no letter from you since the one that contained the $10, which I answered immediately. I have not been at Carthage for several days. My health is greatly improved. You need not be surprised to see me in your county by fall. Write to me, and address as before.

Your friend,

WILLIAM LEWIS.

Lewis followed me to the train and gave me his best wishes as a Southern man; told me he had the assurance of the authorities that he should go back to North Carolina with his family, where he said he owned considerable property; that he wished to bring no stain upon his children nor his family for what he had done; that he did not regard his own life, and would fight them to the last, meaning the Federals. I saw and conversed with numbers of men who represented themselves as strong Democrats, but who would not admit they were members of this secret organization. This, I think, proceeded from fear, all well understanding that the authorities were in the possession of information regarding their secret national convention.

