
On the way from Louisville to New Albany I formed the acquaintance of G. W. Oliver, who, until recently, had resided in Kentucky. He expressed himself as strongly Democratic, but when I felt of him in relation to this secret organization he did not admit that he was a member of it, but insisted on my going with him and remaining during the night. On excusing myself he insisted that I should drink with him, and he treated me and regarded me as true Southern man.

May 28. - By using the sign of the organization I drew to me a certain J. S. McDonnel, a speculator in stock, whose post office is Dawsom, Sangamon County, Ill. I met with him on the ferry-boat in crossing from the Illinois side to Saint Louis. He represented himself as a strong Democrat, and said that his uncle, who resides at Dawson, Ill., and who is rich and influential, was well posted in this secret organization, and desired me to write to him and let him know what the Union leagues of Missouri were doing if I could ascertain.

On my way from New Albany to Saint Louis I formed the acquaintance of John W. Cowan as well as that of his daughter and niece, all of Shelbyville, Tenn. Mr. Cowan expressed himself to me as a very disloyal man, and his whole conversation seemed to be in upbraiding the North and vindicating the South. His daughter and niece were equally disloyal. They are on a visit to his son-in-law, Doctor Atwood, who resides at or near Bridgeton, on the Pacific Railroad, where they will remain for but a short season. He invited me, as a rebel, to share his hospitalities in Tennessee, should I ever come that way. He seemed to be a man of wealth, condition, and influence.

I also met and formed the acquaintance of a gentleman from Independence, Mo., named H. A. Head, on his way home from Kentucky. He, too, is a man of influence, I think, and is a bitter Southern sympathizer, and expressed himself in the most disloyal terms to me. He and Mr. Cowan both expressed themselves as favorable to the nomination of McClellan for President. When I spoke to Mr. head in relation to this secret organization he told me it was in process of formation when he left home, some two weeks previously, but did not profess to be a member.

Additional statement of Edward F. Hoffman.

SAINT LOUIS, May 29, 1864.

As I was very much fatigued and exhausted when my statement of yesterday was made, I desire to add the following additional facts to it this morning. I have never seen so much disloyalty manifested, even in the palmiest days of the rebels in Missouri, as I saw manifested in Louisville during my visit there. In various saloons in the city I heard Jeff. Davis hurrahed for, publicly, daily. Doctor Thornton spoke to me of the devotedness of the rebel women of Kentucky. He told me they were accomplishing more for the South than an army could if it were to visit Kentucky; that they secreted upon their persons vast quantities of percussion caps, powder, &amp;c., and carried them to where they were successfully conveyed to the Southern lines. I believe Miss Sydney Carll, who is at the head of rebel society in Louisville, to be engaged in this business. She is continually traveling, and had just returned from Nashville, Tenn., when I was there; she is in all the secrets of the leading rebels of the State. The Doctor Heddington alluded to in my former statement formerly resided in Charleston, in Southeast Missouri of the workings of this secret organization, though not given in my previous statement, have been submitted to you. On the evening before leaving Louisville for Indianapolis I arranged with the chief of military police for the arrest of Heddington.

