
He had agreed to meet me at the saloon near the Louisville theater at 8 o'clock in the morning. I did not intend to meet him there, as at 8 o'clock I expected to be in Indianapolis, as I did not know where Heddington could be found by the police. I told him I intended to meet him there in order that the authorities might know where to find him. I gave them a description of the man, telling them not to make the arrest at the point I designated, but to dog him two or three blocks from the saloon and there make the arrest. I do not know whether this plan was carried out or not.

Doubtless there are seeming inconsistencies in the long and tedious statement made yesterday. When that statement was made I was physically and mentally worn out. I had started the previous morning from Indianapolis and rode to Louisville, taking the night train from New Albany for Saint Louis, and had slept none during the whole time. I had meant to state yesterday that Lieutenant Lewis had represented his friend Coffin, formerly of North Carolina, to me in two different ways. First he represented him as a member of the organization, who came with the Kentucky delegation to the national assembly of this secret organization. In a subsequent interview he represented him to me as being in the employ of the Government as a detective; that though Coffin is a detective, he, like Lewis, is a sound Southern man, both understanding each other. Lewis said Coffin was unwilling to divulge the true secrets of this organization to the Governor and General Carrington unless he could realize $5,000 for the same; that Coffin thought if he could make $5,000 for himself that he could divulge this thing to the authorities without doing the organization much harm, but greatly benefiting himself, as it was his policy to make as much money as possible and then go back to the South, where he would not be in danger of being assassinated by some of the members of the organization who, he believed, might take his life. that there is a difference in minor details of this organization in different places, but their main and fundamental objects are the same.

Many of the men referred to in the foregoing statements I had designed using in the future. Among them are Lewis, Cowan, Thornton, Palmer, Drake, and Head, but it may not be necessary for me so to do.

At Grant's there is a fund deposited to defray the expenses of all rebel recruits who are sent there. When persons were about whom Grant has reason to suspect as being on the lookout for such persons, these rebel recruits are set to work upon his farm as hired men.

I regard McCormick, the man who initiated me first into this secret organization, as a most adroit scoundrel. Thorton has few equals. The principal public resort for rebels in Louisville ia at Spring Garden, near the suburbs of the city.

The young man Lee, spoken of in my report of yesterday, was formerly a Confederate officer on the staff of General Buckner. He stated to me that a friend of his and a friend of Governor Bramlette had recently offered him a commission in the militia of the State, but that he had refused it, as, if he should ever be taken prisoner by the Confederate troops, they would hang him; and further, if he held such a commission, although he would never do the North any good as an officer, yet he could not sacrifice his own feelings for the purpose of making money. A principal resort of the Butternuts or Copperheads in Indianapolis is at the Exchange, a saloon and billiard-room on Illinois street, kept by Daniel Bacon.

18 R R - SERIES II, VOL VII

