
LOUISVILLE, KY., May 4, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to state that in compliance with your instructions I reached this city early this morning. * * * This afternoon I called on my friend, Dr. T - n. He returned from Saint Louis while I was in his house. Called on him again this evening. He was quite flexible; has got me a friend engaged - one of experience - to go S - h, who is now returning S - h. He comes from New Orleans, but is now here from Missouri. They desire me to convey letters. The doctor says the peace party (to stop the war by recognition - if need be, by blood) is organizing in Missouri and here; that in Illinois it is perfect, and he thinks in Indiana. They are hard at work in Missouri. The thing is secret. He says one of our friends told him this evening that Forrest is only twenty miles from Smithland; that the ladies (our true Southern ladies of Louisville) are conveying more ammunition from here South than has ever before left here. His friend, Tom Moore, has received $75,000 for medicine smuggled through the lines. The doctor has recently heard from his two sons with Price. The ladies bring them to Memphis, &amp;c., and mail them.

I think much will develop to morrow and subsequently the more confidential I become. I am stopping now at -, Should I miss - please inform him as soon as possible where I can be found.

EDWARD F. HOFFMAN.

LOUISVILLE, May 5, 1864.

I have the honor to state that I had an interview this evening with F. He had only my name and location, but he told them who sent him, and I then conferred with him. I have made some more acquaintances to-day. Doctor T. introduced me to - Taylor, Numbers 519 First street, who is all right. I saw at Taylor's a Confederate soldier from New Orleans, who came here with the doctor from Saint Louis. His name is Foster. Taylor and Thornton told me of a rendezvous about thirteen miles from here; that thirty went out from the city last night. They want to shove me right through South. This is a delicate point; I will try to overcome it. I am quite sick, which seems quite Providential.

EDWARD F. HOFFMAN.

LOUISVILLE, May 6, 1864.

From my engagements for the day I am compelled to write you in advance. My health is such that I cannot exert myself in the way I should like to, but I trust I can use my sickness to much advantage. It enables me to afford an excuse for not pushing immediately into Dixie.

By invitation I spent some three hours at Doctor T - 's last night with young Foster. There were quite a number of the fair "rebs" who petted and lionized us exceedingly. We are invited to tea there for this evening.

Doctor T. estimates the population in Kentucky at seven-eighths Confederate. * * * The doctor said about fifty would be forwarded last night. Those who left the night before entered the Government corral and completely outwitted themselves.

The new secret organization - a new structure on an old foundation - the K. G. C. foundation - I don't find its name nearer than peace organization. It has grips and signs and certain expressions that enable its members to know and understand one another. It is growing rapidly. It is spreading in Missouri, but the only complete organization

