
is in Illinois. It will spread all over the North, and its chief object, as I understand it, is for effect upon the approaching Presidential canvass. * * * I am confident that if the draft is enforced here it will drive more men into the Confederate Army than will be obtained for the Federal. It is being used to great advantage here by our enemies. * * * I am much pleased with introduce him to-day. He thinks we have fine prospects, and I am glad to have his co-operation in this delicate undertaking. I beg you will not hope too highly, for we are competing with the shrewdest men in the country.

EDWARD F. HOFFMAN.

P. S. - We are increasing our acquaintances here, and seem to enjoy entire confidence.

LOUISVILLE, May 7, 1864.

I have the honor to state that we are hourly gaining information of great moment to our Government. We are much embarrassed as to how to proceed. We are in possession of information in regard to a huge local plot, which will culminate in less than a week, with which we are afraid to trust the authorities, reliable men having informed us. To insure success and confidence we will have to go into it, measurably, at all events. The authorities, in part, are represented as sound Southern men. * * * We know not which of them to trust in need. If we were to reveal anything to them they might entirely destroy our future usefulness. I earnestly recommend that you give them no warning. If we had good trusty medium here like -, this thing might be thwarted, result in a great good to the Government, and not prejudice our own usefulness. We could easily explode this thing, but we might go down with it; yet it is too big a thing to let it pass. We have a sharp spy here who I dislike to see get back to Dixie. I mentioned him in my first letter to you. His assumed name is Robert Wilbur. He came here from Saint Louis ; with Doctor T. He is from Louisiana, a planter's son. his passport was obtained by a man named Foster, no descriptive list being necessary. This rotten system should be abolished. If he were arrested here - and I hate to see him get away - suspicion would fall on us. This would crush us. I submit these things for your consideration.

As soon as this thing thickens more I will give you more information. From present advice, it is not a week distant. We are hard at work. F. is on some new leads. He is a good workman. We are fully co-operating. Much of what I have ascertained is through his exertions.

We have not lost sight of our true mission.

This evening we called on the belle of Louisville, a great rebel.

EDWARD F. HOFFMAN.

LOUISVILLE, May 9, 1864.

I desire to state respectfully that I wrote you on Saturday last relative to our position here. Things are more cheering to-day. Our friends seem more confiding; the information we have is highly important to the Government, but is entirely outside of our mission. For several days we have been quiet regarding our true object, other things engrossing the minds of our friends here to a degree excluding them. I am unable to say whether you desire us to participate in this thing or not. It is a huge plot. Whether it will break of its own weight or not I cannot say. Some of the wealthiest and most "loyal: citizens are at the

