
Norton, of Lincoln, Ill., county missionary; S. B. Staly, attorney at law, Springfield, Ill., and Dr. M. N. Van Dusen, druggist, Springfield, Ill. Among those reported to me as belonging to it in the State were Mr. Judd, of Lewistown, Fulton County, grand commander of the State. Mr. Reed, of Polo, Ill., State missionary; Mr. Hicks, sheriff of the county, Springfield, Ill. ; Mr. Vredenburg, mayor of the city of Springfield, Ill. From Springfield I proceeded to Chicago, where I found a lodge in operation. The foreman in the Times job printing office is the grand senior of the temple. Doctors Baxter and Edwards, and the elder of the Cuttings brothers, were members of the order. I understood Richard Merrick belonged to the order, but was absent from it on business for the order to Europe.

The prominent members of the Democratic party, of which the Times is the organ, do not belong to the order, but are cognizant of and in sympathy with it. Such men as J. G. Rodgers, attorney at law; Mr. Storney, the editor of the Times; W. C. Goudy, attorney at law; J. C. Partridge, tobacconist, and Mr. O'Neil, liquor merchant. With these men I had friendly interviews, spending one evening with a number of them at the room of the editor of the Times. In the conversation there it was stated by Mr. Storey that notwithstanding they professed to be conservative Union men, yet they would really prefer that Lee should be victorious in the series of battles then going on. They expressed the most utter hatred and enmity to the Federal Administration. The balance of the party present, at this conversation by Storey, were listeners to and gave it, a quiet acquiescence. Storey strongly disapproves of Vallandigham's conduct. He thinks. V. on his arrival into Canada should have immediately proceeded to his home, in defiance of the orders of the Government. He spoke of V. 's purpose of coming to attend the Chicago Convention as a delegate from the Dayton Congressional district, in Ohio.

I f impression at Chicago among the anti-war Democrats did not agree with Mr. Storey, but was that Mr. Vallandigham would be the nominee of the Chicago Convention.

During my trip I learned that the organization of the O. A. K/ extended all over the State of Illinois. They claim to have 80,000 members, who are armed. The members go invariably armed. While at Chicago, Storey told me that he had arms for sixty men in the office to protect it.

The Democratic State convention of Illinois meets the 15th of june at Springfield, Ill. The grand council of the order of the O. A. K. meets two or three days before the Democratic convention at Springfield. Piper, whom I met at Springfield, has been all through Kentucky organizing temples with W. A. Cunningham, of Saint joseph, Mo., and was returning there. I found a general congratulation among the order at the acceptance of the troops for 100 days offered by the Governor of the State. The general opinion was that this would remove a formidable obstacle to the order by removing that number of men out of the way, who would otherwise be embarrassing its operations.

WILLIAM JONES.

PP.

SAINT LOUIS, May 28, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General Department of the Missouri:

SIR: I respectfully report that in obedience to your instructions I left this city last Tuesday, the 24th instant, and visited the towns of

