
Quincy, Ill., and of Hannibal and Palmyra, Mo. In making this trip I traveled, of course, under the character of a rebel sympathizer; sought the company and associations of that class at each of the towns I visited and passed myself off with them as such. They treated me everywhere accordingly, and nothing was too much trouble for them to do to make my visit to them agreeable.

At Quincy, Ill., I found that the Order of American Knights was in a flourishing condition, and that the leading and most active and influential man in it was James S. Green, former U. S. Senate from Missouri. I can, of course, not undertake to enumerate all the members, the number of lodges in Qiuncy and neighboring villages being too many to be able to gibe you a list of the members; but among those who are prominent and active in the operation and workings of the order I may mention I. L. Jones, Scotland County, Mo. ; William Carlin, Quincy, Ill. ; -, judge of circuit court, hannibal, Mo. ; - Dreed, attorney at law, Hannibal, Mo. ; Doctor Elgin, Hannibal, Mo. ; James Overton, Palmyra.

While at Quincy I was told by one of the order that the Democratic Congressional district convention would soon meet at Columbus, some fifteen or twenty miles from Quincy, and would be filled by members of the order and controlled by them. In all my intercourse with those in the order I found not only strong hopes but full confidence among them of their ability to control the nominating conventions of the Democratic party in the State. But of their success at the polls at the next election the general sentiment expressed was, that the State had furnished all the troops that would be furnished, and no more could or should be raised without a struggle against it.

I met a rebel sympathizer from Missouri who, on learning that I came from Missouri, told me that Missouri was filled with Missourians of the same stripe. At Hannibal I learned the same thing. Doctor Lee, himself a rebel sympathizer, told me there were a great many rebel refugees at Quincy, and that there had been lately a company raised near Quincy for the rebel army. He said a man could do or say just what he pleased there, and he would be safe and protected, because they had the strength; but at Hannibal it was otherwise - a rigid watch was kept up by the numerous military detectives. He also told me that Jackman, the famous bushwhacker, had within the last two weeks been at Palmyra and remained over night there; that he had gone over into Illinois, and had been at work about Quincy and its neighborhood introducing lodges and organizing the order there. This information of Doctor Lee about Jackman was confirmed by Mr. Overton at Palmyra. He denied seeing Jackman, but acknowledged he was there over night. My own impression is Jackman staid at Overton's Hotel.

I met a man named Hoskins at Hannibal, an unconditional rebel, whom I have long well known, and he confirmed all I had heard from others about Jackman having been recently in that vicinity. He also told me a guerrilla captain by the name of Todd - I think the same man formerly in prison at Springfield for robbing the mail, who broke out along with some forty others - had attacked a train of supplies near Independence and destroyed it. He said all the people in the neighborhood of Hannibal, in fact all North Missouri, were waiting for being enrolled and armed to strike a blow. He meant by that, that as soon as they could join the rebel army and fight. Hoskins lived in Springfield when the rebellion commenced, is a brother-in-law of Doctor Elgin, and keeps a boarding house at Hannibal.

