
I found no lodges in active operation at either Hannibal or Palmyra. All said their only safe way to attend meetings without the risk of being caught by detectives and thrown into prison was to go over to Quincy, Ill., and attend the lodges there. Quincy seems to be the headquarters for rebel operations in that part of North Missouri.

While at Palmyra I stayed at Overton's Hotel. Overton said that two-thirds of all the respectable people of the place were rebels, but they had to keep very quiet and secret, for they were watched very closely and did not want to be molested. He said that recently several companies of U. S. troops had been stationed there, and the suspicions of the people had been aroused that their real sentiments and feelings had become known to the military authorities. They had therefore to keep silent. He said the troops had behaved very well, but as for himself he could sleep better if there were none there. In all that section of country the general expectation of relief from Federal authority is in the approach of Price's army into North Missouri. This is confidently looked for by all the rebels and their sympathizers, and they will not only hail the appearance of that army, but most of them will promptly rally to swell its ranks in view of enabling Price to hold the State and re-establish rebel authority in it.

JAMES M. FORRESTER.

Q.

SAINT LOUIS, April 4, 1864.

SIR: I am under the impression that there is secret disloyal organizations throughout the country. There is a man working for Beard &amp; Bros., safe makers on Main street, by the name of Mulligan, who, I think, knows something about the plans. He is a Southern man, but opposed to a Western confederacy. I think by inducements he will tell all he knows about the organization, provided he knows anything, which I think he does.

Yours, &c.,

--- ---.

N. B. - Show this to no person until you know more.

SAINT LOUIS, April, 1864.

SIR: This is the second time I have addressed you on a subject of importance to the Government - that is, secret organizations to resist the Government. Perhaps you are posted with regard to the plans and the manner of detecting those belonging to the plot. The leaders hold high places - that is, some of them - and have the confidence of the Government, and perhaps yourself. My impression is you know nothing about it, for if you did there would be some arrests made in this city and in New York State. There are men in the organization that are sorry for going into it, for they are disappointed and dare not say more. As I stated in my first note to you there is a man working at Beard & Bros., on Main street, between Vine and Chestnut, by the name of Mulligan, who, I think, knows all about it. If not, he can find out for you if he wishes so to do. This is the last time I shall trouble you.

P. S. - I ask you as an act of mercy to show this to no person, for the very reason that they might belong to the organization. In that case Mulligan might lose his life, and this is the reason why I don't give you my name.

