
of whom at least 250 should be receiving hospital attendance, making 605 hospital patients (besides smallpox) out of a total of 6,950 prisoners, a percentage of . 0871. Unless it is proposed to retain the hospital within the prison inclosure, which neither Colonel Johnson nor myself suppose to be the case, and the impropriety of which is clearly demonstrated by the too large ration of mortality among patients treated there (. 2029 per cent. for February and . 1302 per cent. for March), I must again most earnestly but respectfully urge that authority be given to complete these buildings with the least possible delay. The materials are all on the ground and the work can be completed in short time.

The best-house was ordered under the pressure of extraordinary and unavoidable circumstances. It will, I hope, ere long be nearly if not entirely vacated.

Prison grave-yard. - The work of removing the grave-yard to a more favorable location is completed.

Post hospital. - In the absence of the proper buildings this hospital is now occupying buildings in three different places. The original post hospital building, with a capacity of sixteen beds, and two garrison barracks, with thirty beds each, are occupied by the sick of the Invalid Corps. The Thirty-seventh Iowa, though on duty on the island, have their hospital in the city of Rock Island, there being no building available on the island. This hospital occupies an old building near the bridge, containing thirty beds and entirely unfit for the purpose. This arrangement is at best an exceedingly inconvenient one, scattering the medical officers and complicating the office work, while the patients cannot be as well cared for as when the hospital is compact. The new building is about being erected by the Quartermaster's Department.

The post hospital wards are not in the best of order, but the sick appear to be as well cared for as circumstances will permit. There is a sufficient supply of hospital clothing, bedding, and other stores.

Medical staff. - The medical staff of the depot consists of Surg. W. Watson, U. S. Volunteers, in charge, and Asst. Surg. M. K. Moxley, U. S. Volunteers, executive officer, assisted by three medical officers of the Thirty-seventh Iowa Volunteers and twelve contract surgeons. The surgeon and two assistants of the Thirty-seventh Iowa are on duty with their regiment, two acting assistants attend to the sick of the Invalid Corps, four are on duty at the variola hospital, and the remaining six attend to the sick in the barracks and prison hospital.

The following is the morning report of the troops in garrison present and sick April 6, 1864:

Command. 	 For duty. 	 Sick. 	 Total present.

37th Iowa Volunteers. 	 475	 128	 603

Veteran Reserve Corps.	 672	 150	 822

Total. 	 1,147	 278	 1,425

GARRISON QUARTERS.

Six companies of the Thirty-seventh Iowa Volunteers still occupy barracks within the prison inclosure, though the barracks outside are rapidly approaching completion and will soon be ready for occupation. One barracks is also occupied by laundresses.

