
corrupt and imbecile Administration have inaugurated, so they seem determined to follow, imitating their worst enemy and seeming themselves boundlessly lucky if they can prevent a civil war at the North. The Presidential election! The Presidential election is the great bugaboo, and to that Moloch every right and other considerations are to be sacrificed. I do not choose to comment on this state of facts, but simply stat what I know.

There is much room for argument in the case put, and I am far from saying that my impressions are either sound or conclusive, but this much I may say, I wish it were otherwise. To sum it up, I fear the tempering policy now foreshadowed in the great Empire State will by the next Presidential election cause the extinguishment of the "fatal heresy of State rights" (as our abolition masters and their dupes express themselves in New York), and in consequence in the other States. When too late the people here will rise, and the blood shed will form the cement for the "law and order" structure in which the people are to be immured. The sad lessons of Missouri and the pusillanimous example of Kentucky and their punishment have only taught egotism to the New Yorkers, so I fear, and I pray fervently I may be mistaken.

The appropriation of three millions by the city council at the instance of Governor Seymour and now un fait accompli, I regard as a pusillanimous proceeding, not to be defended on the grounds of policy nor principle. It is a bribe, something like subornation, and unworthy of a powerful State, which set up its sovereign claims so proudly in opposition to the insolence of Lincoln's cabinet. Moreover, it is a backing down, and not graceful at that; too precipitate even to be excused or be hushed up. But what need I say, and why point out more inconsistencies? Suffice it to say in haste, the masses here are sound and far more courageous and active than their leaders. "Whether it be that by some strange perversion of nature" conscience "of the latter, I am not prepared to say, but by some unaccountable way the leaders here fail to impress the people. I will let Seymour out of question; his position and the obligations under which he labors shield him from undue severity of criticism. Moreover, I have confidence in him, though I am frank to confess that I fail to appreciate the wisdom or practicability of his policy.

Fernando Wood enjoys the unenviable reputation among all Democrats of being a smart, shrewd, leading man, with more moral obliquities weighing him down than his mental powers can overcome. Ben Wood is a byword for vulgarity and presumptuous ignorance. Erastus Brooks is a fogy of the Hamilton Gamble order, and James Brooks seems to lack the pluck to bring himself out. Chandler is an office seeker, looking forward to the governorship, and men of note, such as O'Conor and orders rest on their dignity and don't run the machine. Meanwhile everybody seems confident of the result of the elections in fall next, and to hear them speak the result of the elections in New York, Pennsylvania, Maine, and California are foregone conclusions in favor of the Democracy.

Should this confidence be justified in fact, then much may be said in favor of the policy which seems to be the order of the day here.

Seymour is of the opinion that the Abolitionists only labor to bring about a conflict in New York City in order to justify the proclamation of martial law by the General Government, in which case, mark the score, the elective franchise would be destroyed, or at least cramped, and the success of the blacks rendered certain. Hence they seem prepared to submit to every indignity short of absolute interference at the

