
ballot box in order to gain power, and having gained power, to wield it for the benefit of the people in the true Democratic sense; whether such a step is politic; whether it is consistent with former declarations and well established principles; whether it is just for you to judge. You can guess my present views approximately. Merrick, from Chicago, is here and stops at this hotel. It is needless to say that we act in concert. Having myself seen Seymour and pressed on him my views as far as justifiable by the circumstances, we consulted, and Merrick left this evening to press the Governor still further and open his eyes to the importance of the fact. Happen what may, we must operate together and bring about harmony and concert of action in everything which we ought to do, both East and West.

Merrick will be back again-to-morrow and inform me, and on Thursday next I shall again see Seymour (according to appointment already made) in order to conclude our arrangements.

Vallandigham, who, by the way, is infinitely more moderate than you would believe, will be at the bridge again on the 21st, and agreeably to an arrangement made between us we expect on the 22nd and 23rd to meet a number of Western friends at Windsor, opposite Detroit (the same place where all the runaway negroes found their freedom), to discuss our affairs. Pendleton and Caldwell will accompany us. Merrick, Storey, Pugh, Voorhees, and many others will be there.

It is important, may essential, that I should not be the only Missourian at that meeting. I want you and Bogy and some others to be there to discuss the questions which come home so near us, or to preclude the possibility of our reaping the consequence of their solution, whatever we might do to prevent their affecting us. Remember, colonel, that whatever is done by our political associates, whether we have a hand in it or not, if it fails it will, to use a vulgar phrase, swamp us, whether party to the movement or not. Hence, let as much political experience and patriotism guide the initiatory steps of the Democratic party in resurrection as ever possible. By all means come, and fail not to prevail on Bogy to come.

There is nothing in these letter which is not as much intended for our mutual friends as for yourself, but I wish you to impress it on Bogy to accompany you to Detroit. There are manu others whom I could name and whom you know might come, but you must use your judgment and discrimination in this respect, for it seems the New York papers have already obtained a hint of the meeting, and gentlemen under parole and bonds might run risk even in innocently proceeding to the terminus of the underground railroad for the purpose of devising means to rescue our distracted country from ruin and anarchy, and re-establishing the Union under the Constitution of the fathers of the Republic.

Under any and all circumstances telegraph to me at the Clifton House, whether you come or not.

Give my love to our friends, and believe me, as ever, truly, yours,

CHRISTIAN KRIBBEN.

S.

American Association, Section North.

OCCASIONAL ADDRESS OF SUPREME COMMANDER,

December 8, A. D. 1863, A. O. 7, M. 11, D. 8.

BROTHERS: In accordance with approved usage, I address you, and especially the section of our brotherhood within the States of the North

