
ing of the ensuing day. I found the name Charles L. Hunt, Saint Louis, Mo., registered at the Biddle House, and about 1 o'clock saw Mr. Hunt enter the common sitting-room with the air of one waiting for or expecting somebody. Very soon a gentleman (evidently expecting somebody) also entered the hotel, when Mr. Hunt approached him, and without appearing to do so exchanged a few words with him and went out again. Mr. Hunt followed in a few minutes and walked directly to the street leading to the ferry landing of the steamer plying between Detroit and Windsor, Canada West. Mr. Hunt stood on the corner of the street for some minutes looking anxiously around, when, much to his relief, a second gentleman, well dressed (and apparently between forty-five and fifty years old), approached him, and a; hearty, greeting was exchanged.

I think the stranger came from the ferry-boat, for it had just landed a few minutes before, and the passengers were still moving upward as the gentlemen met. Mr. Hunt and his friend walker down toward the ferry landing, but before they went aboard the Essex Mr. Hunt looked around and behind him, and stood as though intending not to go aboard, but the stranger said a few assuring words, and taking Mr. Hunt's arm the twain went aboard the Essex and were landed on the Windsor side of the river.

I followed and saw them proceed directly to Hiron's House, an inn or tavern, where Mr. Vallandigham resides with his family. Mr. Hunt entered the house by the private entrance and remained in it until 6 o'clock p. m., when he returned alone to the Biddle House, Detroit. Here he was met by John Paton, a well-known copperhead of Detroit, and an ex-member of the city council. Other men were introduced to Mr. Hunt by Paton, and a party of three repaired to Whipple's billiard saloon, where Mr. Hunt spent the evening.

On Friday morning, the 15th, Mr, Hunt was called upon by a tall, rather large and tolerably good-looking man, with dull, sandy hair, light-colored eyes and "goatee," and after conversing in the sitting-room, principally about "the God damned outrage of his arrest," and a certain cure (in form of a lotion) for primary syphilis, specially recommended by Mr. Hunt to his afflicted friend, the twain walked out together and proceeded at once to Hiron's House, in Windsor.

During the passage across, the stranger, who appeared to be not over thirty-five years old, became very much excited and very profane, and pulling out of his breast pocket a bundle of documents, printed and written, commenced to read extracts for Mr. Hunt, which evidently displeased him, for he said something very decisive to his companion, upon which he put up his documents and remained silent until the boat reached Windsor. They entered the private entrance of Hiron's House and in a few minutes thereafter a very pleasant looking gentleman came into the sitting-room and exchanged a few words with a fellow in attendance, who ushered three other gentlemen (one of whom was quite portly, with a florid, closely-shaved face and bald head), and the party was in turn ushered upstairs by the very pleasant-looking gentleman. I think he was the same who conducted Mr. Hunt across the river on the day previous, but I am not certain, as his appearance was altered by the removal of his hat and overcoat. This gentleman had fine, white teeth and reminded me somewhat of Brigadier General John M. Thayer, although he lacked the good look of that officer's face.

Several gentlemen now commenced to arrive at the house, where they were received by the very pleasant-looking gentleman and by him handed upstairs. Perhaps as many as thirty gentlemen arrived

