
during the day and were invariably met by the master of ceremonies, greeted, and passed upstairs. They were all well-dressed, highly intelligent-looking men, who evidently had seen much of the world, and under a calm exterior nursed strong feelings.

Mr. Hunt remained at the house all day and returned to Detroit for late tea. I lost sight of him for an hour or so, but about 8 o'clock I found him in the hotel office, in earnest conversation with a tall, large built, remarkable-looking gentleman, who wore glasses and had the air of a man usually seen at capitals and other places where the great of a country assemble. He had a remarkably-shaped nose of the aquiline type, with a rich growth of brown, frizzled hair, full whiskers, and mustache. He registered his name, "A. James, New York," but this was not his real name, as he and several gentlemen, who with Mr. Hunt were paying him marked attention, laughed quietly as he wrote it, and exchanged meaning glances with each other. Mr. James was assigned room 18, and thither he repaired with Mr. Hunt, followed by the man Paton, who by-and-by returned and invited other gentlemen up, and in the course of an hour fully twenty gentlemen were assembled in room 18.

These men were pointed out to me as leading copperheads of Detroit, and so well-known are they that when anything unusual is astir in copperhead circles it becomes apparent to those who know them but their meeting in such a way as this - by accident, as one might be led to suppose.

Previous to the arrival of Mr. James Mr. Hunt was "a lion" with the copperheads, but although "lionized" quietly it was done not the less ardently. Mr. James not only received the fawnings of the copperheads, but Mr. Hunt showed him a respect and consideration amounting to sycophancy.

Of the internal proceedings of this secret meeting I could gain no possible knowledge, but it lasted for several hours, and was conducted with a caution of action and modulation of tone betokening a necessity for secrecy.

Mr. Hunt's entire course from the morning of the 14th until the evening of the 15th. when he was shut from my view by the locked door of room 18, was such as to the eye of a close observer discovered a consciousness of danger, although I do not think that a casual observer would notice anything unusual in his conduct or manners. He rather avoided, but nevertheless used, the man Paton, and always checked the demonstrativeness of those with whom he spoke. He saw no man, or conversed with none, that I saw in Detroit, with the exception of prominent copperheads, and he went no place save to the billiard saloon and Hiron's House.

The movements of Mr. hunt and his party attracted the attention of Colonel Hill, provost-marshal-general, Michigan, and William Rogers, attorney-general, Michigan, and it was from these gentlemen that I learned the character of Mr. Hunt's companions, excepting Mr. James, whom no one knew, save the coterie of which he formed such a distinguished feature.

I learned from a reliable source that Vallandigham receives his mail from the United States under cover, directed to S. Dow Elwood and John H. Harmon, both of Detroit. The former held a Government position under James Buchanan or F. Pierce, and he is now the senior member of large book house in Detroit. I learned also that Vallandigham travels a good deal in Canada, remaining away two and three weeks at a time, but on his return keeps his rooms, where he is

