
visited by gentlemen from all parts of the country. He had only returned, after one of these tours, two days, when I reached Windsor.

Mr. Hunt left Detroit on Saturday morning, the 16th, and I saw him last at the Tremnot House, Chicago, on Sunday night.

I am, colonel, respectfully, yours,

EDWARD BETTY.

U.

Deo.

INVOCATION.

God of our fathers! whose inspiration moved them to mighty deeds of valor in the cause of eternal truth, justice, and human rights; we their sons would fain recognize the same presence and inspiration in this V., consecrated to the principles which they inculcated by precept and by example, defended with their lives and their sacred honor. With the Divine Presence let holiest memories come, like incense to our souls, and exalt them with emotions worthy of the ceremonies of the supreme occasion. Amen!

DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES.

First. God has created the universe!

Second. All men are endowed by the Creator with certain rights, equal so far as there is equality in the capacity for the appreciation, enjoyment, and exercise of those rights, some of which are inalienable, while orders may, by voluntary act or consent, be qualified, suspended, or relinquished for the purpose of social or governmental organization.

Third. Government arises from the necessity of society.

Fourth. Right government derives its sole authority from the will of the governed, expressly declared.

Fifth. The grand purpose of government is the welfare of the governed. Its success is measured by the degree of progress which the people shall have attained toward the most exalted civilization.

Sixth. Government founded upon the principles enunciated in the foregoing propositions is designated Democracy.

Seventh. Reflection, observation, and experience seem to have established in the minds of wise and impartial men the conclusion that government properly organized upon the great principles which our Revolutionary ancestors - patriots and sages - held, inculcated, and defended, best achieves the grand and beneficent ends of human government.

Eighth. The government organized and existing in the original thirteen States of North America, when they had severally renounced their allegiance to the Government of Great Britain, we regard as the wisest and best adapted to the nature and character of the people inhabiting the continent of North America at the present day.

Ninth. The Government designated "the United States of America,"which shall shed its light along the path of our future ages, was the conception and achievement of wisdom, enlightened patriotism, and virtue. That Government was created by thirteen free, sovereign, and independent States for their mutual benefit, to administer their common interest and concerns; being endowed with the powers, dignity, and supremacy, and no further or other, which are distinctly specified and warranted and conferred by the strict letter of "the Constitution of the United States. "

19 R R - SERIES II, VOL VII

