
Police. - The police of the barracks is generally bad, especially in those occupied by the Thirty-seventh Iowa Volunteers. The kitchens and utensils are not in very good order, and in many places the kitchen refuse is scattered on the ground instead of being collected in proper receptacles. Many of the bunks are closely boarded up, to the detriment of the health of the men occupying them. Many of the barracks are very insufficiently ventilated.

The ground about the garrison barracks is in many places in very poor police.

Respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. CLARK,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector of Prisoners of War.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, Va., April 8, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: Jacob P. Russell, sergeant in the Ninth Virginia Regiment, Pickett's division, and some nine months a prisoner in Fort Delaware, has loyal relatives living in Norfolk. I am assured that he desires to take the oath and returned to his allegiance, having been conscripted in the rebel army. Please send him to me for examination for the purpose indicated.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, Va., April 9, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: Upon the last flag-of-truce boat which carried up Confederate prisoners in our hands I sent up from Point Lookout some 400 and odd prisoners, being all the wounded and sick Confederates who were sufficiently convalescent to bear the voyage.

Upon the return of the boat I was informed by Major Mulford that the Confederate agent of exchange would meet me on the James Rover on Wednesday, the 29th of March. Accordingly I received notice from Admiral Lee late in the evening of that day that a flag-of-truce boat was seeking communication at the outer picket-line of the blockading fleet at the mouth of the James River.

The same messenger brought a communication from Robert Ould, esq., agent of exchange of the authorities of the belligerents at Richmond, directed to Major-General Butler, agent for the exchange of prisoners on behalf of the United States, signed with the official signature of Robert Ould, agent of exchange, Confederate States, informing me that he was then on board the C. S. steamer Roanoke, and desired an interview upon the subject of exchange.

Deeming this to be an official recognition of the commissioner of exchange of the United States on behalf of the belligerent authorities at Richmond, and an abnegation of the letter to General Hitchcock,

