
OBLIGATION.

I, --- ---, fully comprehending and appreciating the declaration of principles which I have just heard pronounced, hold them for truth, to cherish them in my heart, to inculcate them among my fellowmen, to illustrate them, as far as in me lies, in my daily walk and conversation, and if needs be defend them with my life. I solemnly promise that I will never reveal or make known to any person or persons, by sign or signs, word or words, nor in any other manner, the ceremonies in which I have just taken part, nor the names nor persons who have participated with me, nor any single word nor thing which I have heard or have seen herein. To the faithful performance of all which, in presence of these witnesses. my worthy sponsors, I pledge my most sacred honor. Amen.

Here give the sings and passwords of the V. and the signal of distress of ---.

V.

1. The true man is immortal, and cannot obtain perfection in the body that passeth away.

2. In the economy of Providence there are found degrees of capacity. The superior must progress and should at the same time advance the inferior by refining influences toward complete civilization.

3. When a people, of whatsoever race, shall have obtained a social status favorable to material and intellectual progress they should establish and maintain such form of government as a majority shall expressly declare and ordain.

4. All power resides in the people, and is delegated always to be exercised for the advancement of the common weal by the express terms of the ordinance or constitution. Hence, any encroachment beyond the express limits is usurpation on the part of the delegate and is dangerous to the liberties of the people, since usurpation unrebuked is despotism accepted.

5. The people composing a distinct governmental organization, being the best judges of their peculiar wants, may modify or change their constitution or organic law whensoever they shall find adequate necessity therefor, having careful regard, however, to recognized and approved ideas and principles in regard to human government.

6. Whenever the chosen officers or delegates to whom the people have intrusted the power of the government shall fail or refuse to administer the government in strict accordance with the letter of the accepted constitution, but shall assume and exercise power or authority not delegated, it is the inherent right and the solemn and imperative duty of the people to resist the functionaries, and, if need be, to expel them by force of arms. Such resistance is nor revolution, but is solely the assertion of right, the exercise of all the noble attributes which impart honor and dignity to manhood. Submission to power or authority usurped is unmitigated debasement of an entire people, and the debasement is increased in its measure of shame while the submission continues.

7. The strong shall not ass oppression, conquest, or extended rule.

8. Woman, in whatever sphere, should be tenderly cherished, and her virtues exalted and maintained in unsullied purity, and all her wrongs must be properly avenged. This sacred duty our order enjoins.

