
9. The orphan, especially of a worthy brother who shall have been called to service in the temple above, should be cherished, educated, and established in the golden path which virtue hath traced. This sacred duty our order enjoins.

10. The virtues which are inculcated and enjoined by the precepts of religion must be cherished by the brotherhood.

11. Industry must be encouraged, and especially directed to the useful pursuits and avocations of peace.

12. The arts, sciences, and general literature must be fostered and amply remunerated amongst our brotherhood.

13. Our swords shall be unsheathed whenever the great principles which we aim to inculcate and have sworn to maintain and defend shall be assailed, or in defense of the oppressed against the oppressor. Thus shall we best illustrate our worthy name and the high behests of our order. Amen!

Thou wilt now give earnest heed to the instructions of our E. K. C. W.,

OBLIGATION.

I, --- ---, within the sacred precincts of the inner T., do now freely renew the vows which I have plighted in my progress hither. I do further solemnly promise that I will faithfully keep secret every word that I may hear, nor will I speak of, nor reveal, by word or intimation, anything which I may see within or without the T., which I am enjoined or expected to preserve an inviolable secret, except to a brother of the 2, whom I known to be such. That I will never explain any or either of the signs, hails, passwords, watchwords, emblems, insignia, initials, initial letters, nor the seal, nor sign manual of the degree of the 2, to any one except a brother of that degree. That I will, as becometh true E. K., at all times and in all places, respect, perform, and obey each and every order, command, or request made to or of me by the E. K. G. C., or other superior authority, touching any matter or thing which belongs or relates, or pertains, to the purposes or plans of the O. A. K., if in my power so to do, and that I will carefully regard and obey all instructions or pertaining to the order which may be communicated or imparted to me, whether in or out of office, by the superior authority of the order. I do further solemnly promise that I will ever cherish in my heart o hearts the sublime creed of the E. K., as explained to me in this presence; and will, so far as in me lies, illustrate the same in my intercourse with men, and will defend the principals thereof, if need be, with my life, whensoever assailed, in my own country first of all. I do further promise that my sword shall ever be drawn in defense of the right, and especially in behalf of the oppressed against the oppressor. I do further solemnly declare that I will never take up arms in behalf of any monarch, prince, potentate, for government which does not acknowledge the sole authority or power to be the will of the governed expressly and distinctly declared, nor in any cause or service as a mercenary. I do further promise that I will ever cherish toward all true E. K. everywhere, and will ever cherish defend them in the right. I do further solemnly promise that I will waver regard, cherish, and protect the woman, in whatever relation or condition, and the orphan, and especially the mother, wife, sister, or orphan of a deceased brother of the order, and will defend them, and each of them, against wrong,

