
insult, and oppression at the hazard of my life. I do further solemnly promise and declare that I will never induct, nor consent to the induction of, any one into the sublime degree of the 2 who shall not have been duly and well instructed in the first degree of the T., nor then, until he shall have first been unanimously approved by a legally constituted conclave of the E. K., nor in any place which has not been duly appointed and consecrated to that end by the competent authority, nor in the presence of any less number than thirteen E. K., in good standing, each and all of whom shall approve and consent to such induction. I do further solemnly declare, in the presence of these E. K., my witnesses, that I now plight these my solemn vows, with full knowledge and understanding, and with my full assent, that the penalty declared against any violation od any or either of these, my vows and promises, will be a surrender of my sword and the jewels with which I shall have been adorned in honor; and my name shall become a byword amongst the brotherhood, to be pronounced only with anathema and scorn. Divine presence! approve my truth, and ye, E. K., hear and witness my vows! Amen!

CHARGE.

Brother! Thy proficiency in our sublime lessons approve thy worthiness to be inducted into the rites and mysteries of the innermost T., and to co-operate with E. K. 's in the noble work to which they are assigned, which demands the exercise of all the higher and holier attributes of true manhood.

Be admonished that thou hast participated while in this presence in no unmeaning ceremony. Cherish our creed! Respect thy solemn oath! In thy inner and thy outer life illustrate the behests of our sacred order! So shall thy reward on earth be exceeding great in regard to this world's substance, while thy name shall awaken glorious emotions in the hearts of millions yet unborn, and thy great and noble deeds shall be embalmed in the incense of holiest memory, and renowned in sublimest song or grateful story.

Still thy journey leadeth due East by virtue's golden path, perils still await thee, but our worthy guardians on either side the way will guide thee safely onward. Put thy trust in God! Be truth thy cloud by day, thy star by night, so shall thy footsteps follow to the portals of the temple not made with hands.

Listen to the words of inspiration! then onward! still thy watchword, onward!

3.

1. A well-defined belief in the existence of a Creator and the Supreme Ruler of the universe of world, cherished as an abiding sentiment, imparts true dignity to manhood.

2. Moral perfection is possible to humanity, in accordance with the Divine purpose, as manifest in the lessons of nature, and from revelation; yet so numerous and diverse are the unfavorable circumstances surrounding every condition, common to all, peculiar to many, that an approximate degree of excellence is well attained. Be the watch word of our order, onward! upward! higher!

3. Social and governmental organizations are good and favorable to the progress, or are vicious and tend to the debasement, of a people. Hence, while it is the exalted mission of our order to teach and inculcate the great principles of truth, whereupon is founded the system of

