
right government, it is our first and solemn duty, as a fraternity and as individuals, within our respective spheres of action, to promote social organizations upon principles of truth, enlightened by the precepts of our holy religion, so that the best and most efficient governments shall be established among the nations of the earth.

4. A people upon whatever plane they may be found in the ascending scale of humanity, whom neither Divine revelation nor the inspirations of nature around them can compel to progress onward and upward, should be subjected to a just and humane servitude and tutelage to the superior race until they shall be able to appreciate the benefits of civilization. Distinctive and palpable developments indicate the plane upon which the race is found in the scale of humanity; and the Caucasian or white race exhibits the most perfect and complete development. Hence, the noblest efforts of that race should be directed to the holy work of civilizing and elevating the wild and savage races wheresoever found! nor should these efforts cease until such race shall be able to organize and to maintain a government for themselves, which shall promote their continuing progress and advancement in civilization.

5. the ideas and principles which our order inculcates, and will maintain, are the same ideas and principles in regard to the best and most efficient government which were taught and maintained by the men of glorious renown who founded the original thirteen States of North America.

6. those States were assailed by a despotic power, which aimed at ; their conquest and subjugation to its rule; hence, they made common cause for their mutual defense and established friendly relations with each other, declaring their purposes and intentions in that regard in the compact entitled "Articles of Confederate and Perpetual Union between the States. "

7. When those States had nobly maintained their "freedom and independence" they severally entered into a compact entitled The Constitution of the United States of America," for the ends and purposes therein distinctly declared and specified, and the Government thereby created was endowed by that States, act; ing in their several capacities of "free and independent States, with powers sufficient to the accomplishment of those ends and purposes and no others. Powers not delegated to that Government by the letter of the compact-cannot be exercised by it.

8. Sovereignty resides in and with the people of the States respectively, which are parties to the "Constitution of the United States. " Sovereignty comes to men from God, the Supreme Ruler of the universe. It cannot be alienated; neither can it be delegated. Some of its powers may be exercised by delegated or constituted authority, while others cannot be so exercised, except at the sacrifice, on the part of the constituent, of all that which lends dignity to manhood.

9. The Government designated "The United States of America" has no sovereignty, because that is an attribute with which they, in their several and distinct political organizations, are endowed, and is inalienable. It was constituted by the terms of the compact, by all the States, through the express will of the people thereof respectively - a common agent, to use and exercise certain named, specified, defined, and limited powers, which are inherent of the sovereignties within those States. It is permitted, so far as regards its status and relations as common agent in the exercise of the powers carefully and jealously delegated to it, to call itself 'supreme," but not 'sovereign. " "Supremacy," in a just sense of the term, as plainly intended by the tenor and spirit of Article

