
VI of "the Constitution," was created, defined, and limited by the exercise of the powers of the sovereignties.

10. In accordance with the principles upon which is founded the American theory, government can exercise only delegated power. Hence, if those who shall have been chosen to administer the government shall assume to exercise powers not delegated, they should be regarded and treated as usurpers.

The reference "to inherent power" as also to existing " necessity" ou the part of the functionary for sanction of any arbitrary exercise of power by him we will not accept, in palliation or excuse.

The dogma of the "Divine right," which despots assert, we reject and repudiate, as did the patriots and sages of the "Revolution," whose virtues we would emulate, whose glorious renown we will ever cherish in sacred memory.

OBLIGATION.

I, ---- ----, in the presence of God and these M. E. K., do solemnly renew the vows which I have plighted in my progress hitherto in our sacred order. I do further solemnly promise that I never will reveal or make known to any one any or either of the signs, hails, passwords, watchwords, initials, ciphers, emblems, insignia, nor sign manual of the M. E. D., O. A. K., except to prove a man claiming to be a brother of that degree, whom I shall have first duly proved in each of the antecedent degrees of progression in this order. That I will instruct no one in the lessons, signs, or insignia of the M. E. D., O. A. K., unless by express authority to that ind from the M. E. G. Com. of the 3, with which I am affiliated, or other acknowledged authority. I do further solemnly promise that I will at all times and in all places yield and observe prompt and implicit obedience without remonstrance or question to every mandate, command, order, or request of my immediate G. Com. in all things touching or relating to the purpose of the O. A. K., if in my power to do so. I do further solemnly promise that whensoever the principles which our order inculcates shall be assailed in my own State or country, I will defend those principles with my sword and my life, in whatsoever capacity may be assigned to me by the competent authority of our order. I do further solemnly promise that I will ever cherish the sublime lessons which to sacred emblems of our order suggest, and will, so far as in me lies, impart those lessons to the peoples of the earth, where the acorn falls from its parent bough, in whose visible firmament the Orion and Arcturus ride in their resplendent glories, and where the Southern Cross dazzles the eye with its coruscations of golden light, fit emblem of truth. I do further solemnly swear that I will never induct, or consent to the induction of, any persons into the mysteries of the sublime degree of the 3, unless by positive and express authority, nor till he shall have first been approved by at least thirteen of the local C. to which he is proposed for induction, except by express dispensation to that end from superior authority. I do further solemnly promise that I will faithfully keep secret every counsel of the M. E. K. 's, whether in or our of conclave, which may be communicated to me to be so preserved, as a secret of our order, or whether it shall pertain to the person or affairs of a brother. I do further solemnly promise that I will ever cherish that sublime creed of the M. E. K., and, with God's help, will in may daily walk and conversation aim to illustrate all the lessons which our order teaches.

