
All this I do promise amid the solemnities of this occasion, while duly impressed with a just appreciation of the dignity of M. E. K. God help me that I fail not in my truth, lest my name shall be records on the roll of infamy. Amen!

INSTALLATION -- G. S.

I, --- ---, duly impressed with the solemnities of this occasion, do promise that I will faithfully perform the duties of the office of G. S. of --- T., or in any other T. in which I may be called to preside, to the best of my ability; that I will induct no one, nor authorize nor consent to the induction of any one, into the first degree of the order until he shall have first received the ceremonies of the V. and the lessons of the A. B. K. G. N. and K. G. S. ; that I will faithfully preserve and keep all the books, papers, and emblems of the T. which may be committed to my charge, and deliver the same to my successor in office when he shall have been duly installed; that I will carefully obey all instructions to me from the superior authority of the order; that I will preserve inviolate the secrets which may be communicated to me in office, and make known each and all of such, and only such, as I may be instructed thereto by superior authority of the order to the brothers in the T. I do further promise that, with God's help, I will so demean myself in the presence of our brotherhood in the T. and elsewhere, and in my intercourse with men, that my daily walk and conversation shall illustrate the sacred principles of our order. So help me God! Amen!

A. B.

I, --- ----, duly impressed with the solemnity of this occasion, do promise that I will faithfully perform the duties of the office of A. B. of --- T., or of any other T. in which I may be called to preside, to the best of my ability. I do further promise that I will propound the solemn oath with which I am charged to prove a candidate to no one in any place except a consecrated T. of this order, nor to any one until I shall have duly proved him in the lessons of the V. I do further promise that, with God's help, I will so demean myself in office, in presence of the brotherhood, and in my daily walk and conversation that I shall illustrate the sacred principles of our order. So help me God! Amen!

X.

List of members of Conservative club at ---.

Names	 Missou	 Saint	 Anzeig	 Miscel	 Books.	 Speech	 Repo

of	 ri	 Louis	 er.	 laneou	 (*) 	 es.	 rts.

officer	 Republ	 Union.	 (x. .)	 s	 	 (++) 	 (xx)

s and	 ican.	 (- -)	 	 period

private	 (1) 	 	 	 icals.

s. 	 	 	 	 (+)

 Single	 Double	 Revolv	 Privat	 Privat	 Comp'y	 Comp

 -	 -	 er. 	 e	 e	 powder	 'y

 barrel	 barrel	 	 ammuni	 lead. 	 . 	 lead

 ed	 ed	 	 tion. 	 	 	 .

 gun. 	 gun.

