
trader, Scobee House; John Taylor, Montgomery House; Buck carr, always about Montgomery House; Major Harris, Cooper County, who is grand worthy of that county; Colonel Burkhardt, Callaway County. --- Jones is grand councilor of Callaway County. I learned also that there is a Captain Head, just from Price's army, at Montgomery House, but now sick there.

At the previous meeting it had been agreed that a certain policy should be pursued in organizing a company and disciplining it for fighting purposes. The plan, as developed, seems to have been this, that all the city lodges should enroll all its fighting members, who are to organize and select officers, by whom they are secretly to be drilled, each officer to take a squad. The plan originally proposed of each ward enrolling its own members and organizing a company of the enrolled militia of the State is thought to be unsafe, though Chapman has such a company, and several others I am told have been so organized.

It had been made the duty of Weimer to take down the names of all the fighting members in a cipher of his own, but to-night he begged off, and said he was under bond, and was afraid if such cipher were found on him it would bring him into trouble. They agreed, therefore, to have a meeting next Wednesday evening at same place, at which all should attend, when an organization should be made, officers elected, &amp;c.

During the proceedings, Johnson presented a communication in writing read. The purport of it was that he had understood that he was frequently mentioned by name by the members, against a repetition of which he warned them; they should designate him by his title, lest his name should become public, and, before they knew it, he and other officers of the grand council would be in Gratiot Street Prison. He congratulated the lodge on the success which had attended their organization, and the bright prospects before them. He said the days of Missouri were now brighter than ever for he r to throw off the yoke of slavery now upon her.

Major Harris made a long speech, giving an account of the condition of the interior of the State and the condition and progress of the order. He stated that the counties of Callaway, Boone, Howard, Randolph, Chariton, and Cooper, through all of which he had passed and visited every lodge and temple, were in a far better condition than here. The material of the order he thought was better; they had more opportunity for consultation and organization. He said the greatest difficulty there was for the officers to keep the people subordinate until the proper time to strike arrived. He had also traveled through Illinois and had found the same difficulty there. He said they would get the proper notice in official form from the grand commander when the time should come for action, and he advised all to await that.

He spoke of General Price and eulogized him. He said he was in direct communication with Price, Marmaduke, and the rebels in Arkansas, and he expected and looked forward for a raid from Marmaduke, but they should not act upon such expectation until they had the official not would come to them in due time.

the grand worthy senior (Durdee) in a few remarks spoke of several members being lukewarm, but said when they would hear of the success of our arms (meaning rebel arms), which he had ro doubt they would be, these lukewarm gentlemen would fire up and become zealous.

The lodge at O'Fallon and Broadway, called Richard Montgomery lodge, meets next Saturday. I was told yesterday by Hunt that I

