
CINCINNATI, OHIO, June 3, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON, U. S. Army, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to state that I regret exceedingly that though I wrote to you on the 31st ultimo for full instructions that I have failed so far to receive any. Believing, however, that the true reason for my being here is to keep in the confidence of my fraternal friends, gain their plans, and keep you advised of their movements and designs, I have kept this steadily in view. Such a thing, believe me, is far more easily planned than executed. I shall enumerate a few of the embarrassments:

I enter the city a perfect stranger, not knowing a single individual, friend nor foe. The great element here is either professedly or really loyal. City people are cold and distant to strangers; they pass and repass you without seeing you, and hence fail to notice a sign or hail. If you approach one and commence a conversation with him he either repulses you, or involuntarily claps his hand on his treasure pocket and bustles off. Rebels are as wild as mountain trout. This city is pretty well supplied with detectives, and strangers expect to meet them at hotels equally as certain as to meet their host. Had I known some few rebels, even one, or where to find them, ere this I might have gained the necessary information. Notwithstanding these disadvantages I have gained a slight foothold, and if it does not give way I shall be able to do something. I beg you to be as patient with me as possible. A little hurry would spoil everything. I find much more science here among the rebels than any place I have yet been. For instance, A wants to raise some means for outfitting B for the Southern Army; he goes (and is known as a legitimate collector) to C and says, "Here, C, I want $50 for charitable purposes. " C asks no questions, but gives what he can. This passes for charity. The most dangerous rebels here are most quiet; they work hard and say little.

Here is a late trick now being practice-marshals having charge of the draft. Jones resides in the First ward, where there are 1,000 to be drafted. In the Second ward, with the same population, there are about 300 to be drawn for. Now, Jones being a man familiar with probabilities, goes to the draft officer and says, "Zounds, colonel, you have made a mistake; I reside in the Second ward; I have moved from the First; please transfer my name. " The colonel complies, and Jones goes off chuckling, and says, "I have reduced my chances from ten to three for being drawn. " Another dodge is to be transferred from a ward where the draft is just going to take place to one where it has already taken place. This is in full operation in this city now.

I have a plan in my mind which, if executed, will prevent me from writing to you for a few days; but I will, should it occur, take up where I leave off. I have material now for two or three more communications.

Truly and respectfully,

ED. F. H----N.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, June 4, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of the 2nd instant, giving me additional instructions, &amp;c. The documents you allude to, with proper explanation, have been forwarded by to-day's mail.

I presume you think I am making slow progress. The foundation of the building is often more troublesome than the superstructure. My motto is "Make haste slowly. " Short acquaintance realizes but little.

