
written note by the chambermaid to the proprietor stating that I was very ill, feared I had but few minutes more to exist, and ere reason was more clouded desired the services of some Christian minister at my bedside. You will readily perceive this was but to give the alarm. I knew a doctor and not a minister would come. Well, as anticipated, in came the doctor, with many excited people. My appearance was that of a maniac who had swallowed poison. Ladies shrieked, the doctor looked sage-like and made a charge upon the nearest drug store. As I had then one-half ounce of laudanum in my stomach, being rapidly absorbed, you can judge that my appearance had a bona fide caste. I refused all communication, and soon appeared insensible. The doctor returned with assistant, and after exhausting persuasion forced an emetic down my throat. My whole object was to get the subjoined into the Enquirer.

(This was found on my table:)

CINCINNATI, OHIO, June 7, 1864.

TO THE PUBLIC:

Ere this reaches you I shall be sleeping in the cold embrace of death. You will doubtless censure me and say, "This man was a murderer. " This I deny. I maintain that a tyrant is my murderer. Madame Roland said, when nearing her execution, "O liberty, how many crimes are committed in my name!" Cleopatra preferred death to slavery. A patriot of former years exclaimed from the deep recesses of his noble heart, "Give me liberty or give me death!" What is life worth without principle? What is it worth without home, friends, and country? Nothing to me. I do not want to survive my country. Oh, Virginia! Mother of States! and all that was great and noble! on whose fair bosom I nurtured! I will die with thee! Yes, let me sleep with the immortal Jackson and thy illustrious sons. My country, I have assisted thee to the utmost of my power. I have watched thy struggles and prayed for and wept over thee! Would I live without thee? Never! I am a stranger in this city. I request that my remains be properly interred, and should I ever have an epitaph let it be, "He would not survive his county. " Friends, relatives, a long, last farewell. And now, my Lord and my God, I consign myself to thy mercy. Farewell!

EDWARD F. HOFFMAN.

No one ever doubted such a transaction. Loyal and rebel vied with each other to honor and assist me. I was regarded as the last "lump of human virtue. " A U. S. Army paymaster (Major Wilson) almost adored me. Amid a crowd, who should enter my room but my friend Wiehl, who was amazed, yet shed tears over me. All this was on the evening of the 7th. I never saw anything have a better effect. My room was the theater for rebel ladies, who showered upon me their smiles and encouragements. Out of pure respect to me and my condition the letter I wanted published in the Enquirer, although it fell into the hands of a loyal party, was suppressed. Of course, I could not urge such a thing, though it was all I desired. This troubled me. I had risked my life to accomplish it--had left nothing undone. So far all had been a profound success. Feeble as I was in mind and body I resolved to make one more effort.

It is safe for a detective to presume that Government officers are loyal. This is the rule with me, but there are exceptions. As I saw nothing safer nor better, I resolved to ask for a little assistance in carrying out what I had begun. As there are no other than Congressional district provost-marshals here, I had to apply to the post commandant. This brought me in contact with a brainless assistant adjutant-general. He has proved to be my evil genius in this well-laid plan, and has, I fear, destroyed my present usefulness here. I regard it as proceeding more from recklessness, jealousy, envy, toward you and General Rosecrans than anything else. As soon as conducted to him he demanded my authority for being here. As my authority contained my route of travel,

20 R R--SERIES II, VOL VII

