
I hesitated about showing it, believing that it was impolitic to trust him with more than answered my purpose. But he demanded it and I gave it. Then he would only communicate with me in writing. I must write it all out, he would not see me privately, kept me in front room where windows were all hoisted, and rebels passing and repassing. I remonstrated and went upstairs and wrote what I requested him to do. I told him (in substance) that I was here on special duty, that in order to gain the fullest confidence of the rebels I had affected to commit a suicide yesterday, and had left a communication which I wanted published; told him he was presumed to know what had happened; told him where I stopped, number of my room, and when I would be in it. Requested him to have me arrested; told him in whose possession those communications were, how to obtain them, and after my arrest and parole to the city limits, to have the communication published in the Gazette or Commercial, well knowing it would find its way to the Enquirer. Concluded by informing him that I deemed this necessary in order to carry out my instructions from you. But the gentleman was determined he would know all that was going on. He refused to grant me the slightest assistance unless I would confide to him all that I was engaged in. I deemed this imprudent and declined. Upon this he grew furious. He was in presence of the colonel commanding (as I took it) who said nothing. He said that I was after no good; that he would have me arrested and sent out of the city; said he was responsible for what he did; that he would do nothing on the judgment of a Government detective (calling this out loud enough to be heard on the opposite side of the street). I told him that you, an officer of distinction, in whose ability the Government had the fullest confidence, had risked something on my judgment; that I considered what he said an insult to you, and I regretted to find him master of so small a fund of military etiquette. The truth is he did not contemplate any co-operation with me. Idle curiosity told him to extort my business from me. If I had given it he would have still refused. As I was leaving he followed me into the hall, and cried out in a loud voice (purposely to exposed me as I told him), "Yes, you are a Government detective, and who are they?" As he said this, and every one in the house could hear him, the rebel Crissup, who knew me, passed by and saw me, and I have no doubt heard what this officer said. This man, I trust, will gain some attention from you.

He has, I fear, utterly ruined my efficiency here. Wiehl and Crissup are bosom companions. W. had an engagement with me this evening and he has broken it, for the first time. C. passed me, after he saw me with and heard this officer, without recognition. If I am shipwrecked here it will be through the envy and jealousy of this officer. Colonel, it is hard for me to endure the insults and insolence of such men. I have no doubt I represent an order of men many of whom are in bad repute. This I cannot help. I am only responsible for myself. I came to you as a man of honor and integrity. If military law and custom is such as to give the privilege to every newly fledged "assistant adjutant-general" whom I chance to meet to insinuate to me that I am a scoundrel and knave merely because a detective, I respectfully request to be relieved from duty. I always have and trust I always can make an honest livelihood.

I trust you will excuse the want of system in this report. It is made when I ought really to be in bed. My physical condition is yet critical. I took so much that it proved nearly fatal. The name of the officer in question is Andrew C. Kemper, assistant adjutant-general.

