
As Crissup, I have no doubt, heard what this officer said, I doubt the propriety of publishing the document, &amp;c. I shall therefore rest for a few hours and try something new. I have promised myself much from this matter, and it may yet result in good.

With great respect, I remain, your obedient servant,

EDWARD F. HOFFMAN.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, June 11, 1864.

[Colonel J. P. SANDERSON:]

SIR: I have the honor to state to you that it is impracticable for me to report to you daily by letter. It was out of my power to do anything on the 9th instant for I had lost, through the imprudence or design of the officer referred to in my last, my main support in my undertaking here, namely, Wiehl and Crissup. The former was invaluable to me; he was my index to everything; one of those rare men you meet who knows everybody and who, if not born to rule, was born to lead. He has been a pet with the leading rebels in Kentucky and was in the "mess" of the five Nashville clergymen and Judge Foster, while confined at Camp Chase. I was consequently much nonplussed at losing him, for I was just beginning to use him advantageously. But I was not to be outdone, my cause and the favor of Heaven enabled me to open a new channel. The 9th I spent in devising new plans of operation, and yesterday I was so busily engaged (near to 11 p. m.) that I could not write to you. Except in minor things and foreign matter I have offered you no report yet upon my true mission. I have had several reasons for this. The primary one was that I wished to be accurate. To give one opinion to-day and another one to-morrow, or the information of one man or a few men, is not, I conceive, what you sent me here for to ascertain. Truth, fact, reliability, as I get it from all my various interviews, is what I aim to give you. As to what is transpiring in this city I am not yet prepared to state fully.

The organization exists here, and fully one-third of the voters of this city are members. They are armed pretty well and prepared for any emergency. Since the Indianapolis convention they do not communicate with a stranger unless he has a letter of introduction from some brother with whom they are personally acquainted. This is the rule with the leaders, and you may rely on it, but my way of operating is to reach leaders through men less sagacious and more flexible. From all that I can learn after repeated interviews with Mr. Glandon, Mr. Anderson, Mr. Bond, and Mr. Martin, of Covington, in which I have touched upon the matter fully, I can inform you that it is my opinion there is no such organization existing in either Covington or Newport. These men were the local leaders of the K. G. C. They organized it in Covington--they are all members of it (K. G. C.). They have an abiding faith in me, and I believe had no object in deceiving me. Such is their statement, and I further believe that there are only particular places in Kentucky where it does exist. Wiehl is a member he says; he joined it outside Kentucky, and says it is but little known yet in Lexington.

These Covington men seem to know well the intentions of the order, and will soon organize in Covington. Yesterday I visited Covington and Newport. I spent most of the day there. Most of the leading rebels in both places, fearing the introduction of martial law and labor on the fortifications, have run away to the Ohio side. Much excitement prevails there in regard to Morgan (the Government is well prepared, you may depend on that if her officers are able). I saw several

