
of the rebel leader's spies in Covington; I say rebel leader, for it is questionable to my mind whether he is really John Morgan.

But to begin where I left off in my last communication, I had then lost my compass. Wiehl had promised to call on the 8th again, but did not, nor have I seen him. I would not follow him for this would have made the thing worse. But he had fully indorsed me to leading men in Covington, and I resolved to follow up my advantages there before he could see them. I went, therefore, yesterday, and found them (Glandon, Bond, Anderson, and Martin) as zealous as ever, and full of faith in me. W. had not seem them yet. I took tea with Mr. Glandon, who came to this city with me. He came at my instance to give me an introduction to some of the leading men here. I gave him a plausible reason for desiring their acquaintance and co-operation. We could only find one of his leading friends here. We met him at the counting-room of the Enquirer office, the great nocturnal haunt of prominent rebels. He is a deep, sagacious, old, long-bearded rebel, named McCormick, of the firm of Steel &amp; McCormick, tobacco manufacturers, southwest corner of Second and Wine streets. When introduced to a rebel by a rebel you talk together on general matters for a few minutes, then if you want further acquaintance or something done for you, the man who introduces you takes the other to himself and tells him that you are sound, &c., and what you want. Now, Glandon is a good-hearted, unsuspecting man. McCormick knows that, perhaps. After the introduction he took McC. aside. They talked twenty minutes. The old villain was not to be caught easily. He had canvassed all my antecedents, as I well knew, for at the end of their interview Glandon returned to me and asked "if I had any letters of introduction to men here. " I told him I was too prudent to carry such letters; that in Missouri and Illinois it was only necessary to be a member of this organization to find friends--that was recommendation itself; told him I could give references. It did not satisfy McCormick yet. We are to meet again to-morrow. I am spending to-day with Miss Virginia Penny, of Meade County, Ky., who waited on me in my suicide. She is here for no good. More of her.

Respectfully,

E. F. H.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, June 12, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON, U. S. Army, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to state that the great topic of conversation, the only absorbing idea, to-day is Buckner, Morgan, and Forrest. The former two may be in Kentucky, but I doubt as to the latter. The rebels are well advised, and say they know nothing as to Forrest.

When at Louisville, Ky., in the early part of May last, I particularly alluded to the great disaffection in Kentucky. Told you she was ripe for revolution; that ere autumn, unless prevented, she would declare for the Confederacy. Again, since I came here, I wrote you of the approach of Morgan, and informed you, in the language of Brutus J. Clay, that all Kentucky required for revolution was a leader and a rallying point. To-day the indications are that she is on the eve of, if not absolutely engaged in, pretty general revolution. From present advice I think a considerable force--say 5,000 men--should be held here. The rebels brag and say this point is Morgan's object.

If I deem it absolutely necessary I will (though imprudent) telegraph to you this evening. I would give the commandant here the information I have, but for reasons previously assigned.

