
But as to more pertinent matters. In my last I alluded to Miss Virginia Penny, of Meade County, Ky., whose post-office address is Leavenworth, Ind. Her mother resides there. She has a brother in the rebel army. When I was supposed to have committed suicide and was quite indisposed this lady (as a rebel) undertook the task of waiting upon me at my bedside. She is a woman of fine education and accomplished manners. She was educated at Steubenville, Ohio; is the authoress of a very creditable work on the "capacity of woman; " has traveled much North and South; is in the confidence of the leading rebels of this place and throughout Kentucky; offered me a letter of introduction to Rev. Mr. Worse, of Covington, Ky., who is a leading rebel there, and I think she is engaged in carrying contraband articles, mails, &amp;c., through the lines or to the rebels. She has much baggage and she says she will leave for home this week. You had better have her intercepted at some point below here. She may leave the river at Louisville. She is one of those deep, dark women who can be confidential without leading you into her profound secrets. She is very adroit and professes great piety.

Glandon, my man from Covington, came up to time promptly this morning. We went to visit McCormick, who, after Glandon again conversed with him privately, assumed a spirit of candor toward me. He has recently been in Missouri. He has son-in-law named Sleesh, residing near Lexington, Mo. Says: While in Missouri, near Sleesh's, the passengers in the stage were all robbed but him, and that he had $5,000 in his pocket. Robbers knew his son-in-law. I am to see McCormick again to-morrow. Glandon says M. will 'show me round. "

I learn the organization is 60,000 strong in New York City alone. I think I shall leave here for Hamilton and Dayton Wednesday next. You are aware I cannot visit Lexington, Ky.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. F. H.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, June 13, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON:

SIR: I have the honor to report as the result of my day's investigation, &c., the following: It is now 5 p. m. ; I have been closeted with McCormick for the past two hours. His manufactory is (not as previously stated, but) just in the rear of the Spencer House. He is hard to fathom; his faith has increased in me but still he is reserved. I can only rely partially on his statements. He says there is martial law in Saint Louis, and all citizens and soldiers compelled to work on the fortifications. He got this from one who just reached here from there. He says the "Union League" met here yesterday (Sunday) for the purpose of suppressing the Enquirer. Said he, "If they attempt it they will get their foot in it; " and again, "if it were destroyed at least two others in this city would share same fate. " He professes not to belong to this secret organization; says his impression is that it has not existed here long, and that it is not generally established yet; says a man who seemed sound to him, and who hailed from Illinois, and is now in Kentucky, staid in this city for four weeks, endeavoring to gain access to this society, but never succeeded. Says one of his friends spoke to him about organizing the Democratic party secretly, but he had not yet joined, and cannot tell me yet who is a single member. I told him I wanted to get acquainted with some of the members, as on testing me they would know that I was genuine, which would enable me to carry out certain treasonable things which I detailed to him, and

