
which I make my primary object in being here. He is too see me again to-morrow morning, and in the intermediate time endeavor to find me some of my fraternal friends. The old fox is only trying me when he says the "Union League" met yesterday about tearing down the Enquirer office, and "they would get their foot in it if they did; " in the next breath he says "he does not now know one man in the organization; " of course, I cannot rely on what he says. From all the hints and innuendoes of the rebels as they drop them to me, they expect revolution through the North in less than two months. This same time they all concur in. It seems to come from Illinois and New York City. One thing is certain, they either feed one another on falsehood, or the Government needs more contingent force through the Border and Middle States. I only give you this as I get it; I cannot tell yet what estimate to put on it.

I stumbled over Wiehl to-day. He looked as wild as a deer at first; said he had been sick and confined to his room. He has gone to board with Crissup at (I believe) 104 Broadway, next building to post headquarters, where Crissup saw me. I told him I had been arrested, but released, as the officer and others thought I was insane; that Crissup heard the officer endeavoring to frighten me by saying, "I will put my Government detectives after you, sir. " He promised to see me this evening, but I fear I shall never have his full confidence as I once had.

I have not time to develop Miss Penny. She is too old to be impulsive and had too clear a head to confide where there is no object to be gained. She is to leave here to-morrow. I am well convinced she is here carrying off percussion caps, letters, information, &amp;c. She was here about two months since. She wonders why I remain here so long; advised with me as a rebel. Still, I may mistake her true object. The subjoined is private, but was written by her, and it may be needed some time, and that is the only reason why I am willing to give it.

If you could find out some parties in Detroit whom Page, McDonald, Green B. Smith, or others know, and send me letters of recommendation to them in their names at Dayton, I think it would aid me much. Please attend to this immediately. It acts like a charm to hand a letter to a rebel from a rebel saying (in substance) you are a rebel. They expect it. It is the custom. If I were to tell you where I think a man can find out more than at any other point I would name Springfield, Ill., and Chicago. Illinois, believe me, is the great focus of this organization. I desire to return from Detroit by way of those two points.

I am not sure but what I am spending too much time at this point, all things considered. I want to be thorough and accurate and successful. Of the latter, just at present, I am not confident. I am competing against the finer talents of the whole nation. They are shrewd, suspicious, vigilant, discriminating, and if once deceived are ruined, and that forever. Who would think of deceiving such adepts? But we will see. Haste is failure. I cannot reach Saint Louis before 1st of July.

Truly and respectfully,

E. F. H.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, June 14, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON, U. S. Army, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to communicate to you that every day's information more and more impresses me with the conviction that the Government should prepare for the storm that is gathering, and soon, if not averted (by ample preparation), to burst forth.

