
Last night, after having written to you, I had a long interview with my old friend Wiehl. He introduced me to two rebels of some note here; one of them, Samuel Thomas, the other Manson (formerly U. S. marshal of this district). Thomas is now on trial before military commission. They report the rebel plan of campaign in Kentucky to be about this: Morgan is now only amusing Burbridge--killing time, and retreating and maneuvering, convincing the Federal authorities that B. has ample force. While this is consuming time, Buckner is to enter the State at another (and unexpected) point with not less than 16,000 men. Ere this, or at this time, Burbridge is to be "done for. " They then expect Kentucky will gain unbounded confidence in their ability to protect her neglected interests and yield them great re-enforcements. The Louisville and Nashville Railroad and others, if not used or held, are to be destroyed. Cincinnati is to receive due attention, but the stand for the grand contest for Kentucky and Tennessee is to be made in Central Kentucky. Forrest is too look after Western Kentucky and Tennessee. No supplies are to reach Sherman by this route. This is only a tolerable synopsis of what I heard. Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio are sending in aid in men to assist in this plot. Kentucky is rallying to the rescue in this. Morgan (if it is M.) has now captured quite 3,000 stand of arms.

I have just had a long interview with McCormick. He says now is the time for the border States to co-operate with Kentucky; that Kentucky has sent word that she wants to do her own fighting for a while in order that the Government may make but little preparation. Kentucky, he says, says "rise in your own States, as we are doing, and help us by drawing the enemy into your own States. " McCormick gave no authority for his assertion, but says he thinks such will be the immediate result. He knows all about it, in my opinion. He seemed confidential. I am to meet him in front of the Enquirer office to-night, where he said he would be from 8 to 12 p. m. (Exciting times surely with him.) Rely on it, there is need of preparation. They confide in me enough to warrant this. I think I will get more information still.

Miss Virginia Penny left here to-day on the U. S. mail packet for her home--professedly. She should be looked after. She is of medium size, dresses finely but plainly; has the complexion of a brunette; eyes dark, as well as hair, and would be taken for a married lady; age, not less than thirty; is of fine address, and makes use of chaste, elegant language. She said a Missourian, named Rankin, is stopping in her mother's family. My impression is he co-operates with her on her arrival at home. She is familiar with Missouri; lived once at Fulton, Mo. ; has visited Alton not long since.

I attended the famous circus of Robinson &amp;

------

to-day. In the most exciting portion of the equestrian performance, Mr. Robinson was thrown from his horse. Said the clown (a red, white, and red man): "Why is Mr. Robinson like General McClellan? Because, although he has lost his position he has not lost his reputation. " The "butternuts" clapped their hands, and the pavilion resounded from the hearty applause of hundreds. They were on hand in much force. The ladies here consume themselves in rebel colors. Hundreds of the red, white, and red summer shawls can be met on the streets any fair evening. They are known to one another by this. Rebel boys and men are known by white shirt and red necktie. Then there is the "butternut" cassimere, much in vogue among fashionable dandy rebels. Besides, they have their own street cars, saloons, &c. One of these cars is worthy of attention. It is in imitation of a pleasure boat--open, without windows. It has the red-white-and-red in profusion. It is named

