
in conspicuous style, "Little Mack. " It is a great pet. One of their saloons is kept on Broadway, by John Pahls, near the Spencer House.

When I say the information warrants preparation, I use this because it comes in such fragments, hints, winks, blinks, insinuations, &amp;c., that I know not how to connect or describe it. It is well understood by me that there is a storm in the horizon. That is all I have yet been able to make out of it. I may not be able to leave here on the 15th as I expected. Please attend to those letters. Send them to Dayton.

Very truly, and respectfully,

E. F. H.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, June 16, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that it was out of my power to report to you yesterday. I had an interview with McCormick and others in the morning, but they were too much engaged in their business to give me the information I was seeking. In the afternoon I went by previous arrangement to Spring Grove with some rebel ladies. In the evening and until midnight I was at the Enquirer office with McCormick and his "pals. "

Well, the plot begins to deepen and assume a more defiant aspect. The star in the East is rising. The rebels were aglow last night. You should have seen their greetings, their swaggerings, and vauntings at the "lick" last evening. The reappearance of the Messiah will not give more applause or satisfaction. But few, I am confident, were in the secret (of his returning). Some though he has permission from the authorities, but this dissipated on the hearing of his (Val. 's) speech delivered at Hamilton, Ohio, yesterday.

McCormick is "hand and glove" with one of the editors of the Enquirer, and told me that the said editor had gone yesterday to Hamilton, to meet Val. and have a conference with him, which he had, and returned to this city yesterday evening. This editor told McC. that only three men in Hamilton knew of his coming previous to his arrival. The impression of this editor was that V. would not be molested by the authorities.

I have made the acquaintance of a vicious, influential old rebel, always at the "lick," and who is known as Major Mason. Said he: "I am an old man and an old soldier. V. got 186,000 votes in this State. His friends sacrificed him once by inaction. He has trusted himself to us again. I know many (formerly) military men--true soldiers--who think as I do. It is safe to count on 100,000 out of 186,000 men. Should this man be again disturbed I and other military men will head this 100,000 and see what the Administration can do in Ohio. " This is not literal, but it is the exact substance. Hundreds came and went. I did not hear a man express himself in relation to this rearrest but what believed there would be, and advocated, armed resistance. Some croakers did not believe his friends would come to the scratch. These were few, and were not well received. One fellow, quite a theorist in politics, believed it was a trick of Lincoln to divide the Democratic party. Said: "You know there are two wings in our party--war and peace Democrats. Val. is a peace Democrat, and will canvass the State in advocating his principles. This will divide us, and hence L. has acquiesced in his return, thereby to benefit himself. "

Nearly opposite the Enquirer office they pointed out to me his room, or the window of it, which he occupied when here. It was dark, while all around it were illuminated. How they wished he were there then. They expect him here in a few days, they say.

