
While thousands acquiesce in and will heartily co-operate with the actions of this secret order I am convinced of one thing--that it is in its infancy here yet; forming and growing. While I see the "hails" given, and I use them myself every day, yet they are used by few, and when given, seem to end there. They are not followed up, which indicates suspicion or want of zeal, or perhaps misinterpretation. For some reason unknown to me precisely, they all require introduction, verbally or in writing. Only such men as have never wavered are admitted as members. McCormick thinks they are organizing rapidly, but only recently. You will perceive from V. 's yesterday's speech that he is, in effect, advertising for members to this organization. He courts it, and wants greater numbers. But all who have been in it heretofore, who are sound, are to go in, and stick to him as a brother. This is their hope and plan. If left unmolested, he is to build up and give vitality to the order; if disturbed, it and its outside friends are to resist it, even to death itself. This is a synopsis of all I heard. The cross-firing is not mine, but comes from giving statements of various individuals. You will often see this in my communications. I endeavor to give you all that is said and let you make your own deductions. Doubtless I often change my views, and this is but the result of more extended information.

The rebels who flock to the Enquirer office at night are feasted with all the important military telegraphic dispatches, and those of a secret character are given out, but not printed. Now, how can they obtain such? Certainly, not legitimately. I heartily believe that they have a subterranean or concealed connection with the wires, and steal thereby all important dispatches. This could be done, has been done, and I believe is being done in this city or vicinity; and I think minute search of the telegraph poles, &amp;c., would show it. They know all going on. I wish I were in Dayton to-day, but doubt the expediency. They are expecting just now such men as I. Better ferment a little yet. I will surely leave here to-morrow.

Truly and respectfully,

E. F. H.

ZZZ.

Letter from Captain J. B. Devoe, U. S. Navy.

NEW YORK, May 31, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON, U. S. Army,

Provost-Marshal-General Department of the Missouri,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I wrote you last Wednesday and sent by special messenger, to which I have as yet received no reply. Since I have written I think I have the thread in my hand which will open up to me the order you wrote me about on 19th instant, although it is not known here by the cognomen you gave me. It may or may not be the same; but that the organization is a very dangerous one to the interests of the Government you will readily perceive from the following copy of a circular issued by their head last March and secretly distributed only to the "faithful: "

MARCH, 1864.

DEAR SIR: "The McClellan Minute Guard," now having over a million of voters enrolled, is to be extended throughout the United States, and the formation of companies is authorized in every elective district or precinct.

The object of this organization is to be prepared to take part in public demonstrations for political purposes.

