
All who are in favor of the election of General B. McClellan to the Presidency, together with a suitable candidate for Vice-President, can become members of the "minute guard" by enrolling their names upon the records of any company within the election district or precinct in which he resides. A company may consist of any number of members who shall duly organize and elect a captain, first and second lieutenant, secretary and treasurer, with such other officers as may be deemed necessary, and report their organization to the State commander and to the national secretary.

When companies to the number of not less than ten are formed in one or more contiguous counties, they are entitled to elect a brigadier (provided that no county shall have more than one such officer) to supervise the companies within such county or counties, make reports to the State commander, and promulgate his orders.

Commanders in the several States confer together at such states periods and for such purposes as are made known by the national secretary, in pursuance of orders from the commander-in-chief.

They also at such times as they deem advisable call together officers of companies and delegates in their respective States for consultation and action, and the orders of the State commanders, through their staff or secretaries, are to be obeyed.

To obtain full details and regulations address the national secretary, Dr. R. F. Stevens, New York, who furnishes instructions to proper authorities, and communicates with parties duly vouched for by officers of an active company.

This, my dear general, is the conclusion of that most delectable document. The interpretation of its meaning I need not suggest to you. The "full details and regulations" referred to in the circular I am now making efforts to procure.

The affair must be managed with the utmost nicety, and may take a little time, but I hope to succeed. I shall endeavor to become a member of the body and one of its officers as high in rank as I can attain. Before I do this I will await instructions, &amp;c., from yourself and General Rosecrans. I have seen, though I have not been able to obtain, the badge given to members of the order, for what purpose I have not yet been able to discover. It is not intended to be worn, and is not to be procured except from the authorities of the association. It is manufactured in Europe of silk, about three inches and a half in length and about one inch and a half in width. One-half of the width is a field of blue, containing eight or ten white stars, and over some of them is fastened the medallion likeness of McClellan. One-fourth is white and one-fourth is red; the stripes run lengthwise of the badge. Accompanying this is also a photograph of McClellan. The colors and the stars are woven in and not stamped, and the ribbon is of that peculiar thick, ribby character used to suspend decorations of orders by foreigners from their coats. This is all the information I have been able to procure as yet. I hope soon to know more.

As to the Abbe McM. I have not been able to arrive at a conclusion sufficient to enable me to give an opinion. He has sufficient venom in his character to be ready to be an instrument of any kind to wreak vengeance upon our Government and its institutions; but his capacity is doubted by those who have known him for many years. As to him I will write more fully after I have your acknowledgment of this.

Now, general, write me fully as to the information you have and whether you desire me to pursue the investigation of the "minute guard" any further; also, let me know how you like the men I sent you.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, June 22, 1864.

[General W. S. ROSECRANS:]

GENERAL: Since preparing the foregoing report events have transpired and many circumstances come to my knowledge, having a bearing upon the subject to which it refers, that seem to make it incumbent

