
upon me in further corroboration of the facts disclosed, or alleged then, to refer to some of them. Since then I have, for reasons well known to yourself, and not necessary here to report, caused the arrest and confinement of Charles L. Hunt, the grand commander of the Order of American Knights in this State.

In pursuance of the usual custom in all cases of arrest he has been afforded the opportunity of making a personal statement, under oath, of his conduct in relation to the existing rebellion. His examination was made under oath, reduced to writing, and a copy of it will be found annexed, marked ZZZZ.

By reference to the statement of Mr. Hunt it will be found that, though like all the rest of this order he utterly ignores all knowledge of it, he yet affords overwhelming proof of its existence by even his own carefully guarded statement. He fully admits, as stated by myself in the foregoing report, and acknowledges to have been at Windsor, in Canada, in April last; that he went there in company with another, whose name he declines to give; that while there he was in consultation with Mr. Vallandigham, and others whose names he declined to give. He acknowledges, also, that Mr. Vallandigham then made known to himself, and to those with him, his determination to return to the United States in defiance of the public authorities, and that his mode of accomplishing this object then was to come by way of Chicago, and there attend the National Democratic Convention. He acknowledges, furthermore, that the organization and establishment of the peace branch of the Democratic party was the object of the convocation, and the subject of consultation and action.

Mr. Hunt, in the statement referred to, also makes the free and full confession of his knowledge of and acquaintance with the man named Douglas, now in confinement in Gratiot Street Military Prison, who was a few weeks since himself arrested for various treasonable practices. Though he disclaims, as might be expected free of the conduct of all the rest, who, under oath, having knowledge of the order known as the "Corps de Belgique," he yet affords the powerful proof that Douglas was on a land-locating tour through the State during the winter, without pay or compensation from him, thus confirming the material facts stated in my report in relation to this subject.

I earnestly call your attention to the statement of Mr. Hunt, which, though very uncandid and wanting in all the characteristics of a statement made under the solemnity of an oath, by one of his intelligence, personal character, and standing in society, is yet full of facts corroborative of the material part of the foregoing report, and can leave no doubt in the mind of a careful reader of it as to his true position, or of the truthfulness of my representations in regard to him.

Another fact now attracting a large share of the public attention, and to which it is alike natural and proper for me again to refer, is the sudden and unexpected return of Mr. Vallandigham to his own home in Ohio, and his appearance in the midst of his adherents at the Hamilton mass meeting.

When writing the foregoing report I had not yet become aware of his having changed his purpose of coming within the Federal lines before the meeting of the Chicago Convention. I was fully aware of the difficulties which had grown up among his adherents and friends in his own old Congressional district in relation to his election as a delegate to the Chicago Convention, and fully explained them. Aware, however, of the importance attached to that election by him, and satisfied that the meeting would be one of no ordinary interest in the development of his plans and purposes, I sent a phonographic reported to that meeting to

