
two past, in the command of the rebel General Forrest. Only a few days previous to the taking of Fort Pillow by the refers she was captured by some of the Union forces while within our lines in her real character of a woman. She was soon after sent to Memphis and was there put in prison and precluded from having any communications with those outside. She was sent from there to this city, under guard, and could have had no conversation either while on her way or since here confinement here on the subject with others than prisoners, and yet by reference to her very long, candid, and clear statement, it will be seen that the character which she gives to the order--of which she admits she was a member--is precisely and in the minutest details just such as my information from those belonging to the Northern section shows it to be. How could this person, belonging to the Southern section, deriving her information only as a member of that section could derive it--how could she thus narrate and disclose of her own knowledge, as she has done, exactly the state of things which had become known to me from those belonging to the Northern section? Of course, considering the circumstances under which she has made this statement, without any opportunity whatever to converse, confer, or consult with any member of the Northern section, the extraordinary general concurrence of it cannot be regarded otherwise than as affording the strongest possible presumptive proof, not only of its truthfulness, but of the very dangerous character of the organization.

Since writing the foregoing I received a letter from Captain Devoe, New York, giving further information in regard to the purposes and movements of the McClellan Minute Men, which seems to indicate, in some measure, that it has really a connection with the O. A. K. in the West and differs only so far as to be better adapted for the localities where it exists. It will be remembered that the statement of Mary Ann Pitman shows that the O. A. K. is known by different names in different localities, assuming a chameleon character of exhibiting such colors as may suit the locality in which it is organized. I refer you to the letter of Captain Devoe, marked Z 11.

I also add another lot of confidential documents, to be found in a sealed envelope, marked Z 12.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General Department of the Missouri.

[Inclosure.]

ZZZZ.

CHARLES L. HUNT, of lawful age, being duly sworn, deposes and says that he resides in Saint Louis, Mo., and by occupation is a farmer.

Question. When, if ever, did you take the oath of allegiance to the Federal Government?

Answer. Never has been called upon to take that oath, and never has taken it.

Question. Are you an unconditional Union man?

Answer. If that question is understood to mean the restoration of the Union as it was prior to the existing rebellion, as nearly as circumstances will admit of, I answer most emphatically yes, and am willing to take up arms to accomplish such a result, if necessary.

Question. Have you held office under the present Administration of the Federal Government?

Answer. Has not. Has held office as Belgian consul with the consent of the present Administration.

