
Question. How long have you officiated in said capacity?

Answer. Since May, in the year 1850.

Question. Have you contributed anything toward the suppression of the present rebellion?

Answer. All that a poor man could give--clothing and food.

Question. Have you cast a vote since the existing rebellion broke out?

Answer. I have not. But has exerted himself to get others to do so, with the view to making all those loyal and steadfast who were at all doubtful.

Question. What were your instructions from Belgian authorities, when made their consul, in reference to political matters?

Answer. I cannot now recollect what, if any, instructions were prior to 1861.

Question. What instructions in reference to political affairs did you receive in 1861?

Answer. I received an official circular from the Belgian authorities instructing me to abstain from all political matters.

Question. Have you faithfully and in every instance observed said request or instructions?

Answer. As Belgian consul, yes.

Question. What answer, officially, did you make to the Belgian authorities respecting said circular or instructions?

Answer. That as a citizen of the United States he could not reconcile the requirements of said circular with his duties to himself and his country, and asked to be relieved as consul at once. The Belgian authorities refused to accept of said resignation, and therefore modified said circular.

Question. Has the duties of the office of Belgian consul, heretofore performed by you, at any time called you out of the State of Missouri and out of the United States?

Answer. Yes; out of the State of Missouri, but not out of the United States.

Question. Can you recall the number of times within a year last past and the localities where said duties have taken you?

Answer. None; none within eighteen months.

Question. Have you been beyond the Federal lines within a year last past?

Answer. Yes; was in Windsor, Canada, last April, especially to see Mr. Vallandigham.

Question. Who accompanied you upon that occasion?

Answer. No one from this place; went with a friend.

Question. From what place did said friend accompany you to see Mr. Vallandigham?

Answer. I decline answering.

Question. What was that friend's name?

Answer. I decline answering.

Question. Did you, in company with said friend or alone, see Mr. Vallandigham in Canada last April?

Answer. Yes, sir; saw him, in company with some five or six gentlemen, at Windsor, Canada, in April, 1864; and I was the only Missourian there and then present.

Question. How long did that interview last?

Answer. About an hour or an hour and a half.

