
Question. What was the business which led to that interview?

Answer. Curiosity, principally. The object of said meeting was to organize the peace branch of the Democratic party. Mr. Vallandigham then and there stated that he was free from the hands of his friends and assumed the responsibility of returning to the United States to attend the Chicago Convention.

Question. Have you any objections to give the names of any parties there present other than Mr. Vallandigham and yourself?

Answer. Yes, sir; I have objections to subjecting any one to the trouble and inconvenience that that has brought upon me, which others are as likely to incur as myself.

Question. Was any specific action, politically or otherwise, determined upon by the parties who met in Windsor, Canada, in April last?

Answer. There was not. At least I have not heard since that there was, and probably should not, from the fact that I opposed the movement projected there and then.

Question. Within your knowledge had Mr. Vallandigham at the time you met him in Canada in April, 1864, decided to return to the United States?

Answer. Yes, sir; that was my impression at that time.

Question. Have you since that time given publicity to Mr. Vallandigham's determination as there and then expressed by him?

Answer. Yes, sir; have repeated what he said both here and in Chicago.

Question. Was the time and the manner in which he was to return fixed upon at the time you say him in April, 1864?

Answer. No, sir; nothing beyond the meeting of the Chicago Convention.

Question. At what house in Windsor, Canada, did that meeting take place?

Answer. At his hotel, about one square from the river.

Question. Have you met Mr. Vallandigham on the soil of the United States since the rebellion broke out?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Why did you oppose the organization of that wing of the Democratic party who were in favor of peace, the representatives of which met at Windsor, Canada, in April, 1864, at the hotel occupied by Mr. Vallandigham?

Answer. Because he was and is opposed to the organization of the Democratic party in any form, and because the present President of the Republican party now in power had matured his plans, both financially and militarily, for the suppression of the rebellion, and I deemed it best for the country that that party should bring the war to the final issue.

Question. Were you sent to Canada as a representative of the Democracy to mature any plans for future action?

Answer. No, sir; I went of my own volition and without any power delegated by any party or parties.

Question. Have you since this rebellion broke out been in correspondence with Mr. Vallandigham or any party or parties in Canada?

Answer. Wrote to Mr. Vallandigham once.

Question. When and from what place?

Answer. Since April and from Saint Louis.

Question. What was the nature of that communication?

Answer. Of a strictly private nature; nothing pertaining to the war or politics.

