
Question. Were you at Detroit in the mouth of February?

Answer. I was not, to the best of my recollection.

Question. Have you purchased any arms of any description in Saint Louis or elsewhere within the past year?

Answer. One six-shooting French revolver.

Question. Of whom was revolver purchased?

Answer. Of a pawnbroker on the corner of Third and Pine.

Question. Are you acquainted with a man by the name of William L. or M. Douglas, recently of North Missouri, and now an inmate of Gratiot Military Prison?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. How long have you know him?

Answer. About one year.

Question. Has he within three months receipted to you for any arms of any description or any ammunition of any description?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Has this man Douglas ever been employed by you in any capacity?

Answer. I requested Douglas to ascertain where land in tracts and large bodies could be found, and to inform me, with a view of aiding and encouraging emigration from Belgium.

Question. Was Douglas instructed by you to negotiate terms for any land for the aforesaid purpose?

Answer. No, sir; merely to ascertain where it could be had and want for.

Question. Has he been paid anything for such services?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Do you know or have you ever heard that Douglas claimed to be locating lands in Missouri under and by written authority in the form of a commission by you as Belgian consul?

Answer. No, sir; I may have given him limited written authority to look for lands.

Question. Has Douglas reported any tracts or parcels of land to you within the past year that might be purchased for the purpose hereinbefore stated?

Answer. Yes, sir; but in such an indefinite manner that I instructed him to give himself no further trouble about the matter, and thus the business ended.

Question. When did you first instruct or request Douglas to give his attention to the land matter?

Answer. Either in October or November, 1863.

Question. Where did Douglas report land that could be had?

Answer. From Audrain and several other localities.

Question. Did you make the same request of any other parties since you have been Belgian consul?

Answer. I don't know of any particular person, but do know that I have made such requests of several persons.

Question. Are you acquainted with one Doctor McCamey, of Saint Catherines, Mo.?

Answer. No, sir.

