
Question. Have you ever issued written authority to any one, save Douglas, to look for lands in Missouri?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Are you acquainted with Sterling Price, major-general of the so-called Confederate Army?

Answer. Yes; was personally and intimately acquainted with him when he was Governor of Missouri.

Question. Have you since this rebellion broke out perceived, directly or indirectly, any letters or verbal messages from General Sterling Price, of the so-called Confederate Army?

Answer. Never received or sent any letters or messages of any description to or from any person belonging to the so-called Confederate Army or Government.

Question. Are you now, or have you ever been, the agent or attorney of General Sterling Price?

Answer. Never, so help me God!

Question. Are you a member of the Masonic fraternity or order?

Answer. No, sir; am not a member of any order.

Question. Do you know of the existence of an order, a secret order, called Corps de Belgique?

Answer. No, sir; don't believe any such order exists.

Question. Do you know of the existence of a secret order called Order of the American Knights?

Answer. I do not.

Question. Are you a member of either the orders named respectively, Corps de Belgique and Order of the American Knights?

Answer. I am not, sir.

CHARLES L. HUNT.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th day of June, 1864.

J. C. DODGE,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

Z.

Report of William Thorpe.

SAINT LOUIS, June 18, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General Department of the Missouri:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with your orders to proceed to Hamilton, Ohio, and report the doings of the Democratic district convention, to be held on Wednesday, the 15th instant, at that place, I left this city on Tuesday morning, the 14th instant, and arrived at Hamilton the next day at 9 a. m.

I expected that should it be known who I was reporting this convention for the members would deny me admittance, so I determined to act as volunteer correspondent of the Chicago Times, and in that character to appear before the convention, concealing the other part of my business.

On my arrival at Hamilton I found some 75 or 100 delegates in the court-house yard discussing various topics relative to the convention. This was about 10 o'clock.

21 R R--SERIES II, VOL VII

