
The first person whose acquaintance I made was J. McElwee, who appeared to be one of the leading men. On introducing myself he invited me to go along and see Vallandigham, but suddenly checking himself he inquired if I was "all right; " if I really was a correspondent of the Chicago Times. I assured him that I acted in that capacity, as he would soon see. He then said something about Vallandigham's brother, and changed the subject, and not wishing to appear too inquisitive I let him do so. Mr. McElwee said he had heard from Vallandigham that morning, by a person who came from Windsor; he was buoyant and in good spirits, and thinks the war will fall through of its own weight. Mr. McElwee said they had a series of resolutions prepared, which he has no doubt will pass. He thinks, he says, it is not prudent for Vallandigham to come at this time, though as far as the country is concerned they will say "come!" Shortly after 10 o'clock I wrote a dispatch to the Chicago Times, a copy of which is hereto annexed, marked A. This dispatch I showed to McElwee and others, and it was at the suggestion of the former that I inserted the sentence, "and are decidedly opposed to the further prosecution of the war. " I then sent it off.

The convention assembled in the court-house about 11 o'clock, when I took my seat at a table provided for me under the president's desk. The crowd immediately began to inquire among themselves who I was, but their inquisitiveness was soon gratified by some of the principal men informing them that I was a correspondent of the Chicago Times. From this time they trusted me implicitly, and I had no difficulty in obtaining what information I desired. I was again confidentially told, what was known to but few members of the convention, that Vallandigham was in the country two miles from here and would make a speech in the afternoon. I was anxious to advise you of the fact at once, but could not leave the convention at that time, as it was engaged in business, the report of which I annex, marked B.

Up to this time there was a division in the convention on the subject of electing Mr. Vallandigham as one of the delegates to Chicago, a large minority obstinately insisting that it would be impolitic to do so. For this reason the leading men, who were in the secret of Vallandigham's presence near the town, moved for and succeeded in obtaining an adjournment till after dinner, so that Vallandigham might be brought the stage without danger, and thus secure his election beyond all doubt.

Immediately upon the adjournment I went to the telegraph office, took the operator into my confidence, and sent a dispatch to you informing you of the condition of things and of Vallandigham's arrival. You were thus advised at least three or four hours before anybody outside of Hamilton. This telegraph operator was very reliable and rendered me all the help I was in need of. My intention was at this time to secure the aid of detectives and follow Vallandigham back to Canada and, when away from his friends, arrest him and turn him over to the nearest authorities for safe-keeping until you could advise what was to be done with him. I knew not, however, whom to trust, as the whole town appeared to be full of Vallandigham's friends. I inquired of Mr. Griswold, the telegraph operator, who there was in Hamilton that it would do to trust--whether there was any provost-marshal or Federal military officers there. He said "No," but there was one Thomas McGheegan, a U. S. deputy marshal, who, he believed, it would be safe to trust. So I sent for this McGheegan; told him who I was; that Vallandigham was in the woods, and would make a speech; that the Government

