
had positive proof of treason against him, and desired to secure him; and concluded by asking him if he would follow Vallandigham back and help to arrest him, provided he got authority from you or General Rosecrans to do so. McGheegan said he hadn't heard Vallandigham was coming; that if he was he could not be arrested; that he supposed the Government wouldn't interfere with him anyhow; and, on the whole, he thought I was telling him "a damned big lie!" He then asked to see my authority for what I had said. In this he had the advantage of me, as I had left my orders and all other evidence of my connection with the Government in Saint Louis on purpose. McGheegan wanted a drink, which I gave him, and he then said he would not betray me and would think over the matter.

On my way to dinner I saw a squad of men putting their revolvers in order, and from what I saw and heard I imagined most of Vallandigham's friends were armed.

While the convention was assembling after dinner I was told by a member that Vallandigham had sent a letter to the mayor of Dayton, announcing his intention of being at Hamilton, and there was no doubt he would be here. Members who have seen the signature say it is genuine.

Mr. John A. McMahon, lawyer, of Dayton, came to me and asked if I had sent word to the Times that Vallandigham was here. I said I had not; that the news was too good to be true; that, although I wanted the Times to have the news at the earliest moment, I should prefer seeing him before sending a dispatch of that character over the wires, and I asked him to take me to see him. He said Vallandigham was certainly here; his eyes had seen him, and that before he could take me to him he would be here.

A few minutes afterward a handbill was produced and read by one of the members, which I secured, and annex to this report, marked C. Immense applause, shouts, and yells followed this announcement. Order was with difficulty restored, and the convention proceeded with its business.

The first thing in order waist the report of the committee on resolutions, the original of which was furnished me and appears in its proper place in my report of the proceedings. After they were adopted, the business next in order being the selection of delegates to Chicago, Mr. Vallandigham was chosen unanimously first of all, the fears of the prudent ones having been dispelled by the consciousness of Vallandigham's presence. While the other delegates were being chosen a loud shouting and cheering was heard outside the building, indicating that an excited crowd was approaching. Many of the members rushed out of the doors and windows in the direction from which the commotion proceeded, shouting "Vallandigham!" "Vallandigham!" Others climbed on benches, chairs, and tables, waving their hats and yelling like lunatics. In the midst of the most excited crowd imaginable Vallandigham entered the room and with great difficulty forced his way to the platform, whither his friends followed, climbing over my table, spilling the ink, and almost spoiling my notebook. Vallandigham shook hands with three to five at a time as long as he could, when the president restored a certain degree of order and the business proceeded. It was finished in a few minutes, and Vallandigham was called on for a speech. The hall was not half large enough to accommodate the audience which had now arrived, and a motion was carried to adjourn to the court-house yard, where a stand had in the meantime been constructed. Here he made

