
his speech, a copy of which is annexed, marked D. He was followed by Honorable Lafayette Develin, of Wayne County, Ind., whose speech appears as E. Mr. William Mayo, president of the convention, followed, whose speech appears as F.

The public demonstration was now at an end; Vallandigham and his friends departed, and I went to the telegraph office, where I received your dispatch directing me to confer with the Governor of Ohio. I then sent a telegram to you, giving a statement of the condition of things at that time, another to Governor Brough, at Columbus, and a third to the Chicago Times.

This was about 4 o'clock. While in the telegraph office Vallandigham's friends came in with dispatches to be sent off. Among those which I saw was one to S. D. Elwood, Detroit, and another to Colonel Thomas Moore, Camp

-----

, Western Virginia. The names of others may be learned at the Hamilton telegraph office.

McMahon told me that Vallandigham's friends have ulterior designs if he is interfered with by the military authorities of the United States. These "ulterior designs" are, I am told, the application of a torch to every house in town and the laying of Dayton in ashes and its conversion into a corn-field.

While at the telegraph office a carriage containing Vallandigham, Develin, Mayo, and McMahon, and surrounded by a boisterous crowd, drove up to the depot, and the party in the carriage took passage on the cars for Dayton. I am not able to say whether any one else accompanied him.

Vallandigham was not disguised when he appeared before the convention, but he was highly excited, and sank into a seat as soon as he could get free from the crowd. Shortly after the departure of the Dayton train I started for Cincinnati. On the train I made the acquaintance of Mr. M. N. McGinnis, a man of education and intelligence and an intimate friend of Mr. Vallandigham, who was going to Cincinnati with the original of the speech, to have it published in the Enquirer. He asked me if he had better furnish the Commercial with a copy, and I advised him to give it to the three leading papers, which he did, as I afterward learned. He said Mr. Vallandigham was anxious to see me, but as he was unable to do so, requested him (McGinnis) to furnish me with a copy of the speech and with such other information as he could. Mr. McGinnis hoped they would nominate Seymour, of Connecticut, and Vallandigham on the ticket at the Chicago convention. He had a strong dislike to Governor Seymour, and also for Honorable S. S. Cox, of Ohio. The latter, he said, was selfish and tricky, and was always looking out for his own interest, regardless of principle. He had now deserted Vallandigham and gone over to McClellan. Upon my remarking that the cheers called for Grant at the meeting were not given so enthusiastically as an admirer of Grant could wish, he replied, "No; that sort of thing is foolish; to use a common expression, 'it is played out. " "Lee and Johnston," he said, "will decide this Presidential campaign. The probabilities are that Grant will be defeated, and if he is there will be no chance for anybody or anything opposed to unconditional peace. " Mr. McGinnis told me that Vallandigham said he was arrested while on his wa a civil officer, who mistook him for the man he was in search of. Upon learning the error he made an apology and let Vallandigham off, never in the least suspecting who he really was. Vallandigham says he intends to send that man a bottle of prime whisky when he gets to Dayton, with his compliments.

