
I left Cincinnati that evening for Columbus and arrived at the latter place early the next morning (Thursday, June 16th), and had a conference with the Governor. The adjutant-general of the State was present, as also was the provost-marshal general during a portion of the time, Both these gentlemen, the Governor said, were aware of the existence of the secret order, as well as himself. I then told him what I have written above, read my notes and Vallandigham's speech, and gave him the names of all the men I had. He told me that he understood it was the intention of Vallandigham and his friends to organize the 'supreme circle" of the State at Hamilton, and inquired if it had been done. Not being a member of the order myself, I told him that I could not tell, and expressed surprise that the order was without its grand commander and grand council in the State of Ohio, where I knew it to be very powerful. Governor Brought said that such was the case--that the order was thoroughly up to the fifth degree, but no higher.

Upon my inquiring whether he designed taking any immediate action in reference to Vallandigham, he said that when he first heard of his presence in Ohio he took measures to intercept him in case he attempted to leave the State, but as he was going to remain, he (the Governor) would not molest him until he received instructions from Washington how to proceed; that he was then in communication with the President and Secretary of War, to whom he had referred the subject. The Governor further said that the military condition of the State was such that at the present time it would not justify an attempt to arrest Vallandigham. He had, however, telegraphed for General Heintzelman, who he expected would arrive by noon that day, when they would confer by telegraph with General Rosecrans. At 7 p. m. I saw Governor Brought again, at which time he told me General Heintzelman had not arrived, but would probably be there by 10 p. m.

I left Columbus that night, arriving at Cincinnati the next morning (Friday, June 17), and two hours afterward took the cars over the Ohio and Mississippi Railroad for this city, which I reached at an early hour this morning.

On the way I conversed with a number of persons about Vallandigham's reappearance at home, and they generally seem to think the Government will allow him to remain unless there is something against him not yet made public.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WILLIAM THORPE.

[Sub-inclosures.]

A.

HAMILTON, OHIO, June 15, 1864--10. 15.

The CHICAGO TIMES:

The Democratic district convention of Vallandigham's old district is about organizing. Quite a large number of delegates are here. The feeling runs high in favor of Vallandigham, who, I have no doubt, will be elected. Most of the delegates are in favor of taking high ground against the course of the Administration, and are decidedly opposed to the further prosecution of the war. L. Develin, of Indiana, is here.

WM. THORPE.

Do you want a full report of proceedings by telegraph?

