
B.

Proceedings of the Democratic district convention of the Third Congressional District of Ohio.

HAMILTON, BUTLER COUNTY, OHIO, June 15, 1864.

This convention assembled in the court-house about 11 o'clock this morning and was called to order by Mr. William Mayo, who stated for the benefit of those who were not at Dayton that this was an adjourned convention--a continuation; that the committee on organization reported at Dayton and the order of business at the present moment is the report of the committee on resolutions.

[The first meeting of the convention was held at Dayton, May 25, at which the following officers were appointed, who serve at this meeting: President, William Mayo; secretaries, A. D. Borden, D. C. Jackson, M. J. Swadner.]

A MEMBER. Who is chairman of the committee on resolutions?

The PRESIDENT. Mr. McMahon, I think.

A MEMBER. Mr. President, I move that the ordinary business of this convention be suspended at present.

The motion was put and carried.

The PRESIDENT. The regular business now in order is the nomination of delegates to the National Convention.

Mr. CHRISTY. I move that these nominations be not made, or the vote taken, till after dinner.

The motion was adopted.

A MEMBER. I move that we adjourn until 2 o'clock.

Another MEMBER. I move an amendment--that half-past 1 be put in the place of 2.

Cries of "Half-past 1!" "2!" accompanied by considerable confusion, amid which the amendment to adjourn till half-past 1 prevailed, and the convention adjourned.

Afternoon session. --Most of the delegates arrived at half-past 1 o'clock. They were very much excited, having learned since adjournment of the arrival of Vallandigham and his intention to make a speech.

It was now announced that Vallandigham would make a speech at 3 p. m. The announcement was greeted with immense applause, shouting, yells, &amp;c.

The convention elected D. W. Winterstein temporary president, Mr. Mayo being absent. Mr. C. J. Bean was appointed assistant secretary.

The committee on resolutions made their report, which was frequently interrupted by applause. The following is the official copy presented to the convention:

First. That we reaffirm the Virginia and Kentucky resolutions of 1798 and 1799.

Second. That the people of the several States composing these United States are united as parties to a constitutional compact, to which the people of each State acceded as a separate and sovereign community, each binding itself by its own particular ratification; that the Union, of which this compact is the bond, is a union of sovereign and independent States, based upon their consent, and that the attempt by the Federal Government to perpetuate it by force of arms is utterly wrong and destructive of the principles upon which it was founded.

Third. That the present Abolition Administration, by its wicked practices, its unparalleled corruptions, its imbecile and vacillating conduct of public affairs, its manifold violations of the Constitution, its persistent efforts to subvert the liberties of the people, its repeated attempts to obliterate State lines and extinguish State sovereignty, is unworthy the confidence of the American people and deserves the execration of freemen.

Fourth. That this war is the natural and necessary result of the success of the Abolition party and was purposely brought about by the wiles and stratagems of the

