
present Administration. It has been productive of incalculable and almost irreparable injury to both sections; it violates the precepts of Christianity, is unwarranted by the Constitution, is condemned by the civilized world, and has been conducted by those in power contrary to the usages of modern warfare, and with a base vindictiveness and disregard of right and justice that have brought disgrace upon the American name.

Fifth. That the present war originated in an entire misconception of the principles of our Federal Union; that in proposing for its object the restoration of the Union by force, contrary to the theory upon which it was founded, it proposed an object which was in its nature, and forever must be, incapable of attainment; that the history of the past three years, embracing an exertion of natural resources and an experience of national calamities unparalleled in the history of mankind, has already demonstrated the utter hopelessness, as well as the gigantic wrong, of a further continuance of the present contest. Persuaded as we are that it cannot result in the restoration of the true Federal Union, as established by the Constitution of the United States, that it ought not be waged for the subjugation or extermination of the people of the South, and that, if continued, it will result in the overthrow of our liberties and the establishment of a consolidated military despotism, we are in favor of an immediate cessation of hostilities and the inauguration of measures that will lead to the restoration of peace of peace between the contending sections.

Sixth. Resolved, That our delegates to Chicago are hereby instructed to favor the nomination of no man at Chicago who is either directly or indirectly committed to the further prosecution of this war, and to use every honorable exertion in their power to secure a decided expression by that convention in favor of the immediate suspension of hostilities and the establishment of a lasting and honorable peace.

e Democracy of the Third Congressional District in convention assembled tender their thanks to the Honorable Alexander Long for the bold, statesman-like, and humane utterances of his recent patriotic speech.

Eighth. Whereas, we have just learned that the Honorable C. L. Vallandigham has returned from the long, illegal, and unjust banishment to which he has been arbitrarily subjected, and is now in this city:

Resolved, That we welcome him home with glad hearts, and rejoice that we are to again have the aid of his voice in the counsels of freemen.

Ninth. Resolved, That in view of the recent official declarations by the Governors of Ohio and of Indiana that they design to compel a unanimity of sentiment in their respective States, by the aid of the organized militia under their control, it has become our duty to express our views upon this subject. The Democracy of this district contemn and despise these puerile threats, and have no faith that any considerable or respectable portion of their fellow-citizens could be used to put them into effect; but at the same time they assure their enemies that should the necessity ever exist they will defend their rights, their homes, and their property at whatever cost, confident that the spirit of liberty pervades too many hearts ever to permit the success of the despotic and bloody schemes which now seem to be in the contemplation of a few abolition Governors.

The report was unanimously adopted.

The PRESIDENT. The next thing in order is for the nomination of delegates to the National Convention to Chicago.

Mr. CAHILL. Mr. President, Montgomery presents the name of Clement L. Vallandigham for a delegate to the Chicago Convention. [Great applause.]

The motion was put and unanimously adopted, amid great excitement.

Mr. TROUTMAN. Butler County presents the name of Christopher Hughes.

Mr. Hughes was elected, and three cheers were given for the nominees.

A MEMBER. The name of C. J. Bean is presented from Preble County.

Mr. Bean was elected.

David A. Hough was chosen as alternate to Mr. Vallandigham.

While a discussion was going on as to who should be the other alternates a crowd was heard approaching. The convention was instantly thrown into an uproar, the members shouting and cheering and mounting tables, benches, &amp;c., in order to get a sight of Vallandigham, who was known to be outside. When he had reached the stand with some difficulty order was restored.

The president of the convention now resumed the chair. He said: "Gentlemen of the convention, after Mr. Vallandigham has spoken it

