
will be impossible to do any business; so the convention is now open for the nomination from Warren. "

Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Give us a good man, now, or none. [Shouts of "A peace man!" "Peace!" "Peace!"]

The name of David W. Van Dyke was presented, and he was elected alternate.

W. J. Gilmore was then chosen as the elector from this Congressional district.

The PRESIDENT. I have no words to speak. My feelings are such that it is impossible to say anything, and thank God it is unnecessary when I present to this convention the Honorable Clement L. Vallandigham. [Loud applause, and shouts of "Let's go outside!" "There's not room enough here!" "There's a big crowd out of doors!" &amp;c.]

They then went outside of the house, where Vallandigham made his speech. He was followed by Dewelin and Mayo, after which the convention broke up without any formal adjournment.

C.

Honorable C. L. Vallandigham will address the Democracy at the court-house at 3 o'clock p. m., June 15, 1864.

D.

Speech of Honorable C. L. Vallandigham.

To-day I am again in your midst, and upon the soil of my native State. To-day I am once more within the district which for ten years extended to me the highest confidence, and three times honored me as its Representative in the Congress of the United States. I was accused of no crime against the Constitution or laws, and guilty of none. ["That's so!" "Bully!" "You're right!"] But whenever and wherever thus charged upon due process of law, I am now here ready to answer before any civil court of competent jurisdiction, to a jury of my countrymen ["Good!" "You're right!"]; and in the meantime to give bail in any sum which any judge or court--State or Federal--may affix ["Bully!" "That will do!"]; and you, the hundred and eighty-six thousand Democrats of Ohio, I offer as my sureties. ["Good!" Applause.] Never for one hour have I remained in exile because I recognized any obligation of obedience to the unconstitutional and arbitrary edict. Neither did personal fear ever restrain me. ["Never!" "No!" "Never!"] And to-day I return, of my own act and pleasure, because it is my constitutional and legal right to return. ["Hurrah!" Applause.] Only by an exertion of arbitrary power, itself against the Constitution and law, and consummated by military force, I was abducted from my home and forced into banishment. The assertion or insinuation of the President that I was arrested because, as he says, "laboring with some effect to prevent the raising of troops and to encourage desertions from the army, and was responsible for numerous acts of resistance to the draft and to the arrest of deserters, causing assassination, maiming, and murder; " or that at any time, in any way, I disobeyed or failed to counsel obedience to the lawful authority, or even to the semblance of law, is absolutely false. ["Good!"]

I appeal for the proof to every speech I ever made upon those questions and to the very record of the mock military commission by the trial and sentence of which I was outraged. No; the sole offense then

