
still tacitly asserted, and to-day I am here to prove it unfounded in fact. ["Bully for you!" "We'll go with you.!"] I appealed to the Supreme Court of the United States, and because Congress had never conferred jurisdiction in behalf of a citizen tried by a tribunal unknown for such purpose to the laws and expressly forbidden by the Constitution, it was powerless to redress the wrong. The time has therefore arrived when it becomes me, as a citizen of Ohio and of the United States, to demand, and by my own act to vindicate, the rights, liberties, and privileges which I never forfeited, but of which for so many months I have been deprived.

Wherefore, men of Ohio, I am again in your midst to-day. I owe duties to the State, and am here to discharge them. I have rights as a citizen, and am here to assert them ["Bully!"]; a wife and child and home, and would enjoy all the pleasures which are implied in those cherished words. ["God bless you!"] But I am here for peace, not turbulence ["Good!" "Good!"]--for quiet, not convulsions ["Good!"]--for order and law, not anarchy. Let no man of the Democratic party begin any act of violence or disorder, but let none shrink from any responsibility, however urgent, if forced upon him. ["That's it!" "That's the point!"] Careful of the rights of others, let him see to it that he fully and fearlessly exacts his own. Subject to rightful authority in all things, let him submit to excess or usurpation in nothing. Obedient to the Constitution and law, let him demand and have the full measure of protection which law and Constitution secure to him.

Men of Ohio, you have already vindicated your right to hear; it is now my duty to assert my right to speak. Wherefore, as to the sole offense for which I was arrested, imprisoned, and banished--free speech in criticism and condemnation of the Administration, an Administration fitly described in a recent public paper by one of its early supporters, as "marked at home by disregard of constitutional rights, by its violation of personal liberty and the liberty of the press, and, as its crowning shame, by its abandonment of the right of asylum, a right especially dear to all free nations abroad. " I repeat it here to-day, and will again and yet again, so long as I live, or the Constitution and our present form of Government shall survive. The words then spoken and the appeal at that time made, and now enforced by one year more of taxation and debt, and of blood and disaster, entreating the people to change the public servants and their policy, not by force, but peace-ably, through the ballot, I now and here reiterate in their utmost extent, and with all their significance I repeat them, one and all, in no spirit of challenge or bravado, but as earnest, sober, solemn truth and warning to the people.

Upon another subject allow me here a word. A powerful, widely-spread and very dangerous secret, oath-bound combination among the friends of the Administration, known as the Loyal Union League, exists in every State; yet the very men who control it charge persistently upon the members of the Democratic party that they have organized--especially in the Northwest--the Order of Knights of the Golden Circle or some other secret society, treasonable or disloyal in its character, affiliated with the South, and for the purpose of armed resistance to the authorities of the Federal and State Government. Whether any such ever existed I do not know; but the charge that organizations of that sort, or having any such purpose, do now exist among members of that party in Ohio or other non-slaveholding States, is totally and positively false. That lawful political or party associations have been established, having as their object the organizing and strengthening of the Democratic

