
party and its success in the coming Presidential election, and designed as a counter movement to the so-called "Union Leagues," and, therefore, secret in their proceedings, is very probable, and however objectionable hitherto, and in ordinary times, I recognize to the fullest extent, not the lawfulness only, but the propriety and necessity of such organizations--for "when bad men combine, good men must associate. " But they are no conspiracy against the Government, and their members are not conspirators, but patriots--men not leagued together for the overthrow of the Constitution or the laws, and still less of liberty, but firmly united for the preservation and support of these great objects.

There is no doubt a conspiracy, very powerful, very ancient, and I trust that before long I may add, strongly consolidated also, upon sound principles, and destined yet to be triumphant--a conspiracy known as the Democratic party ["That's it!" "Good!"], the present object of which is the overthrow of the Administration in November next, not by force but through the ballot box, by the election of a President who shall be true to his oath, to liberty, and the Constitution. [Loud applause.] This is the sole conspiracy of which I know anything, and I am proud to be one of the conspirators. If any other exist, looking to unlawful armed resistance to the Federal or State authorities anywhere, in the exercise of their legal and constitutional rights, I admonish all persons concerned that the act is treason and the penalty death. ["Go in, sir!" Laughter.] But I warn also the men in power that there is a vast multitude--a host whom they cannot number--bound together by the strongest and holiest ties, to defend by whatever means the exigencies of the times shall demand, their natural and constitutional rights as freemen at all hazards, and to the last extremity. ["Good!" Applause.]

Three years have now passed, men of Ohio, and the great issue--constitutional liberty and free popular government--is still before you. To you I again commit it, confident that in this the time of their greatest peril you will be found worthy of the ancestors who for so many ages in England and America, on the field, in the prison, and upon the scaffold, defended them against tyrants and usurpers whether in councils or in arms. ["Hurrah for Grant!" Faint cheers were given.]

Now, men of the Third Congressional District, permit me to return to you my thanks for the renewed testimonial of your kindness in my behalf for the appointment of myself as a delegate to Chicago. No convention of similar magnitude and importance has yet ever assembled in the United States. It is an honor to be a member, provided one does his duty. I thank you. I need not thank you for your former action. Repeatedly and elsewhere I have made the acknowledgment in language as earnest as ever came from human lips. I rejoice to be in your midst to-day. The words I have spoken to you were maturely considered, and, so far as I am concerned, they will do good. If there shall be anything neglected it will be the fault of the people--not mine--and I see from the eyes of the men before me there is no intention to fail. [Shouts of "No, never!"] The time I thought had arrived when I am to speak for the rights I have never forfeited, and rights which I mean to assert; and when the military agents begin to arrest other men there will at least be a unity of wrong, and one man alone will not be the only victim.

In regard to the question asked by many of you to-day, "When I arrived and how I got here," permit me to say, very respectfully, that my own family shall not know that at present. All you know is that I

