
am here [applause]--propose to remain here [applause] until I am called upon to answer for my conduct under the Constitution and laws. If it is only a telegraphic dispatch, or a mere scrap of paper, to give myself up, I shall surrender myself. ["That's the doctrine, I say!"] One thing I may say, though, that I did not come here in a plaid cap or long military cloak. [Laughter and applause.]

Mr. McMahon said that to-morrow Mr. Vallandigham would be in Becker's Hall, Dayton, to receive his friends, and in the meantime he would receive them socially.

E.

Speech of Lafayette Develin, of Wayne County, Ind.

MY FELLOW-COUNTRYMEN: I did not come here for the purpose of making a political speech, nor did I come here for the purpose of witnessing so large and so enthusiastic an audience, and permit me to say to you, my fellow-countrymen, if it was not for the interest that I feel in civil liberty I would not have responded to your call at all. ["Good!"] I think it is the duty of every man who loves his country, every man who loves civil liberty, to make every sacrifice that is honorable to maintain those rights that our fathers gave in years gone by; and I ask you, "Will you not do it?" ["We will!" "We will!"] And the Democracy of Indiana, when they hear of Vallandigham's return, will respond as you have, and say, "We maintain civil liberty or we die!" ["Good!" shouts and yells.] I know that you will stand and fall by those constitutional rights that you and I and Vallandigham assert in all their integrity. But a few days ago when I left my home I went to see and visit the greatest man, in my opinion, that lives in the land. I visited him but had no idea of seeing him here to-day. I was thunder-struck when I heard that he was in town, and I scarcely believed it. I was in Canada when I saw him, and I remember how we parted. Said he, "Good bless you, and when I meet you again I hope I shall meet you in heaven, or the place I love next best. " I did not expect to meet him here, and least of all in the town of Hamilton, and if ever I was happy--don't talk about happy--talk to me about a man feeling good--talk about a man feeling like if he was going to heaven--it was when I read that dispatch which said Vallandigham was within two miles of Hamilton. He came here to--he has done so, and I don't know that I ought to talk to this audience after Mr. Vallandigham has talked to you. ["Go on!" "Hurrah for Indiana!"]

I would not discuss the question to-day before you. It is useless. It is unnecessary for me to ask you to go back and examine the political history of your country, but I do ask you, my countrymen, to go back for a few short years in seriousness and remember and call to mind the history of this country for four short years. What were you as a people four years ago? Happy and prosperous. What were you as a nation? Hardly any other nation in the world equaled you in agriculture and in every other species of wealth. We towered head and shoulders taller than any nation on earth. ["That's so!"] But after three years have passed over, what are we now? What American heart, what Democratic heart, what heart that loves civil liberty that does not now beat with sadness? What eye that does not shed a tear of bitterness? And what tongue that loves human liberty does not denounce this lawless Administration? None. Where are your constitutional rights? Nowhere, under no circumstances, where they could

