
make it an interest to the negro, they did not openly violate the Constitution. ["That's so!"] That's so! You never spoke a more truthful word in your life. We all know this, and now we ask you not to talk what we can do, but what we shall do like men, and when I go home, as I expect soon--but before I go there I shall go to the hall with my friend Vallandigham. Wherever he goes I am willing to follow. His destiny shall be mine. And I tell you that the Democratic party of Indiana never felt so joyful as when they heard that Vallandigham had come home. A bold, yet as just an act as ever was perpetrated anywhere. A more truthful, a more just and righteous act, than his coming in your midst to-day unknown, unprotected, solitary, and alone, cannot be conceived, and I ask you, my countrymen, will you not maintain his rights? As old Abe Lincoln says, "Now we are in a tide of blood, and there is no time to trade horses. " So here, no time to trade horses, no time to stand by the workshop, no time to stay in your stores or in your offices. If they make the issue, are you ready? [Deafening shouts of "Yes!" "Yes!"] Then be not imprudent; cultivate moderation. Stand alone by the constitutional rights that that Constitution gives to us all. Let us see a fair and impartial hearing, and whatever is just, right, and honorable shall be accomplished. If you or I, my friends, shall be guilty of a violation of law let us be arrested; but let us have, O, God! that constitutional right of being tried by a jury of twelve. When a civil writ issued by a court is presented we will go publicly and quickly without the aid of the military power. Now, mark it well, my countrymen--

Stare death in the face,

Shure your heart'll be aisy,

If its in the right place.

And remember--remember that we are in favor of liberty, of the Constitution, of the Union, but that we will under all circumstances resist tyranny and oppression. ["Good!" "Good!"]

When you have said that you have said all. But do not only say so, but remember and stand firmly by that resolve, and say, in the language of Jackson, "By the Eternal!" we will do what we have resolve to do. I think, my countrymen, I have said enough. Let me say to you another word: No man feels more hope than I do, and I tell you no people will feel more joy than the Democracy of Indiana, and all we have to do is to stand firm, true to ourselves, true to the country and the laws, keep sacred the ballot--which we will have, which we are determined to have--and if we have a fair ballot, remember, the Democracy will once more triumph. All I ask, all I desire, all I wish, is simply a fair, open ballot, and then I will be satisfied with the result. But if we are to be driven from the polls, if we are to be intimidated, if the freedom of the ballot box is to be destroyed, let me say to you and to my countrymen everywhere, let us stand by our rights till we have become abolitionists or till we become honorable men. I ask you will you do that? ["We will!" "We will!" Shouts and yells.]

I thank you, and hope we shall meet in heaven. [Three cheers.]

F.

Speech of Mr. William Mayo.

It will be impossible for me at this late hour to make a speech. I have had nearly enough to-day. It is something I did not expect--something I shall put down in my journal as the most memorable event

