
of my life. I think the issue has come. I believe it is here, and I think we have either got to maintain it or to fall right now and right here. Now, I do not know whether I mistake the temper of the Democracy of this country or not, but I will say to him: If we are not ready now we will never be. I have been thinking for some time past that the turning point was coming, and it is now at hand, and now, on the eve of this great Presidential campaign, I am satisfied that American liberty is cast in the balance, and we have just got to lose or win ["That's so!"], and it is just about time Mr. Vallandigham came home.

Now, my fellow-citizens, allow me to say that I am glad to see you here. I am glad to see the determination expressed in your faces. I am glad to see the enthusiasm Mr. Vallandigham's coming has occasioned among you. I am happy to know that he has at last come among his friends, and that from this hour we are to commence the campaign upon a decided and specific understanding on the issue, and this being the case, allow me to thank you for calling upon me, and to say to you now that Mr. Vallandigham having left, it will be impossible for me to go on.

Z 5.

Report of William Jones.

SAINT LOUIS, June 13, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General Department of the Missouri:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to your instructions I started from this city on a tour through the counties of Audrain, Boone, and Howard on the 22nd of May. I went from here by the North Missouri Railroad to Sturgeon, and from Sturgeon over to Rocheport, Boone County. From there I went to Fulton, Callaway County, and remained there several days. I then went to Fayette, Howard County, and from there back to Rocheport, and returned to Saint Louis by boat.

On last Thursday night I met with a portion of Perkins' company, who were just in from Price's army. There were sixty-five in all, but I met with only four--a portion of them. They were in Howard County after horses. Perkins and the balance of them--sixty-one--were in the Persche Hills, Boone County. They crossed the Missouri River last Thursday night just below Glasgow. One of them crossed at the ferry at Glasgow and came on to Fayette, where he was arrested, but succeeded in getting released, being supposed to be a citizen of Lafayette County. They report that Jackman is in Southwest Missouri with 1,000 men; that Shelby is also in the State near the head of White River with 3,500 men; that they are sent forward by those commanders for the purpose of destroying railroads on the north side of the Missouri, which are the North Missouri and Hannibal and Saint Joseph, to prevent a concentration of troops when they get in. They also report that Price was closing up his lines, investing Steele, and that so soon as the issue was closed there Price was going to move on Missouri himself with his army.

I find the following are members of the order of O. A. K.:

Callaway County. --Fulton: Doctor Howard, Mr. Grant, druggist; Mr. Whaley, hotel keeper. All except Grant are now under arrest. Whaley was the grand senior of the temple at that point, and had a list

