
of the names of members of the order, but destroyed it before I got there.

Howard County. --Fayette: Doctor Callaway is the grand senior of this county, and missionary; Dr. Thomas S. Smith, Bydon McCreerey; the foregoing are the prominent names here. Franklin and vicinity: Dr. William Jackson, John R. White, Oscar R. White, son of above, Judge William R. Heath, Doctor Wayland, Merritt R. Hughes, Joseph Hughes, Mr. Lee, partner of M. R. Hughes, John Thompson, Squire Cox, R. H. Robinson, N. G. Elliott.

Boone County. --Columbia: O. Reavis, the grand senior and missionary here.

Audrain County. --Mexico: Mr. Carroll, a merchant.

There is a large temple here, but I could get but one name. The members of the order are not at all active, and they are very much stricken with the arrest of the prominent members in this city and at other places. They test everybody thoroughly now before receiving them. A stranger would have a much better opportunity of approaching them than I have, because they suspect me. They suspect me in the city, I have been told by a dozen men this morning.

Rae, the liquor dealer in this city, is in the order. He packed those arms you got from Douglas. Colonel Elliott, of Howard County, is father-in-law of Colonel Neil, of Lexington. He is all things to all persons at all times, and he is trying to make it appear that I am in this business.

Z 6.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, June 17, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that contrary to my expectations I am still here yet and will not leave before to-morrow. My reason for this delay has been that I have better assurances for ascertaining the true condition of affairs here to-night than ever before. I am now writing at 2 p. m. What I shall state now is the result of last night's gleanings. I was very fortunate last night. I accomplished much that is of material benefit.

As I could get McCormick [whose Christian name is John H., I believe) only to go so far, I resolved to advertise to all the rebels who visit the "lick" that Mc. and I were friends. I pinned myself to his coat tail for three nights, talking very familiarly with him in their presence. This I designed. Last night I took advantage of it. I had been making advances to several, none of whom pleased my own mind so well as a Mr. Baker, whom I have always found there at his post. He is a great devotee to party. Well, after making his acquaintance he introduced me to Mr. Shadinger, one of the proprietors of the Enquirer, remarking, as he did so, that Mr. H. (me) is one of our men from Missouri; you can speak with freedom. (Oh, if I have time, S. is one of my men.)

I told you in my last of the mystery about the telegraphic dispatches; that the rebels managed to get all secret important dispatches. I solved the mystery last night. Baker told me all about it.

He has two sons in the Union Line Telegraph office in this city. One is a messenger boy; the other is a tyro at operating. They tell their father everything of a private and important character. This is one of the important leaks in military matters here, and I have no doubt there are others in other offices here. There is much corruption here, and a little more time would enable me to develop much of it.

