
This one thing makes Baker a hero among the rebels of this city, and I think justly so. He says he is not a member of the secret order; told me he would introduce me to some members if I would remain till to-night; that there were not many of them yet, but increasing; that all the butternuts would go with them in defending Val. Said he: "Let them attempt to arrest him. We have an arsenal here with arms enough for all. What would be a few soldiers? The whole party here is ripe for strife. He cannot be recaptured. "

He says, under the plea of buying tobacco, he is going to try to get through to Richmond, Va., by permission, as the agent of a Mr. Dickerson (or Wilkerson, I think), of Kanawha, Va. Says he has 'scrap-book" in his head for benefit of the South. He told me of important military dispatches, which Federal authorities little suspect as known to rebels. He is very bitter. In talking of revenges he remarked, "When this cruel war is over, Butler, Burnside, and Hunter have no point on this continent that they can call their own. They will all be assassinated. "

I wound up with McCormick last night. The old dog has never opened to me his store of treasures. I professed indignation at the treatment I had experienced here. Told him Buckeye butternuts would not do; that I had no faith in Yankee rebels; no sound men were here; that I desired to leave such a place, and that the quicker Val. got from among so heartless a set the safer he would be. That Ohio would sacrifice him now as she had once done. "Oh," said he, "you are mistaken. We have sound men, here as ever lived, but they want an assurance that a man is right. " The greater the rebel the more cautious he is. That is the rule.

As I affected to Mc. to have run out of funds he gave me no money, but has kindly furnished me, as a rebel, and believing me to be one, with his finest specimens of tobacco. He gave me the first lot on the 12th and the latter on the 15th instant.

To-day I have had another interview with Daniel Wiehl. Although a vile rebel, I cannot refrain from admiring Wiehl. There is no better way, I have found, to play rebel than to spend money pretty freely for a time and then get broke. All vagrant rebels are beggars. They spend freely while they have it. Wiehl is poor now. He had property once. I told him I was going to leave here, that I was running low in funds; that I wanted nothing from him, but to call on his friends and raise me enough to carry me to Louisville. The fellow was busy, but pulled out $5 and made me take it. I pity the fellow for his blind devotion. I am to see him again to-night.

I cannot refrain from telling you how unpleasant this kind of life is to me. To gain the confidence of men, however mean, however corrupt themselves, but to abuse it makes me almost hate myself, and were it not that I feel that I am doing a little good for my distracted country in developing the schemes of these scoundrels--more infamous than Arnold himself--no money would hire me to retain my position.

I saw a delegate here from Springfield, Ill., who came to assure O. that Illinois will stand by her in the Val. matter. He was lionized.

E. F. H.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, June 18, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON, U. S. Army, Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report to you, in concluding my investigation of the condition of this secret order in this city, that I am not positive as to its true status. I have labored faithfully for over two

