
weeks in this city in endeavoring to arrive at a definite conclusion, but am not satisfied a doubt. I make up my opinion now from information derived from intelligent and seemingly perfectly truthful men; men who to all intents and purposes have full confidence in me. The substance of all my information is about this: The organization is here and on the increase. They are ready for any emergency. More interest is felt in it now than has ever before been felt.

There has never been much necessity for such as order here. Had they no point of resort like the Enquirer office, it would, in my opinion, have been much more general. But wherein was the necessity? That office is the great focus of evil. Under the plea of hearing the night dispatches read they all congregate there. They canvass affairs and do all their plotting about that baneful office. The counting room is crammed, the sidewalk clogged up, but the back rooms are where the bullets are molded. There is where the distinguished and dangerous rebels meet nightly. They come and go in flocks more like deer in a "lick" than anything I can think of. Some remain late after midnight. Their language, though seemingly loyal to strangers and passers-by, is wholly treasonable when interpreted by one familiar with their meaning and language. They have peculiar expressions, which mean much to rebels but to no others. * * *

Baker introduced me to a Mr. Thomas, who seems to be a leader of the rebels here, but my acquaintance was too brief to elicit much from him and only confirmatory of other information. I am confident my information can be relied on. This Baker is a dangerous man, I think. His Christian name is Nathaniel. He deals in coal about the river. If he is not a detective I regard him as the worst man I have met here. He resided seventeen years in Richmond, Va. He promised to raise me some funds to-day. The rebels love him.

I profess to have a number of men in Illinois whom I am anxious to get through to Morgan. The rebels say go to Lexington via Louisville, report to your friends there and they will hire your men out to farmers till you see a chance to get out. When your men get to work they will not be suspected, and they can each look out a good horse, and when ready all slide off together. They say Governor Bramlette is sending of all able-bodied negroes farther South.

I leave here for Hamilton this evening.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. F. H.

Z 7.

RENICK, MO., June 8, 1864.

Colonel SANDERSON:

DEAR SIR: I arrived at this place yesterday; stopped one night in Montgomery County; found that the order had not progressed much in that county. Several have been arrested in this town by Major Leonard, of Fayette; they are now on parole at Fayette; it has scared them very much, but I have found out several names; Doctor Hamilton (active), Renick, Mo. ; Colin Williams (active); Mr. Jacobs (active), Renick, Mo., merchant; John Herrold (not very active), tobacconist; Doctor Callaway (very active), Fayette, Howard County; Newton Duncan, Fayette, Howard County; Mr. Douglas, clerk for Jacobs, Renick, Mo. ; Little James Hardin, four miles of Renick; William Elliott.

If I learn any more names this evening I will write to you from Macon City; will leave in the morning for that place. The county is said to

22 R R--SERIES II, VOL VII

