
I have letters from a deserter in Canada, who is well vouched for, who is willing to co-operate with suitable detectives, and have a thoroughly reliable man, S. P. Coffin, who I wish to send as soon as I have funds. If I could have an interview with the man signing himself Jones, or he could be properly guaranteed, and report to me, I believe it would result in seizure of arms and munitions of war.

An attempt was made a few days ago to seize two brass cannon in Illinois, but was thwarted by Mr. Turnbull, late sheriff, whom I employed in Illinois. If you think best I will go to Detroit and have an interview with district attorney and Colonel Smith; it would require an absence of thirty-six hours.

The existence of the organization is a fact. The members are decided in purpose. Some prefer to wait until election, and by force and disorder attempt to carry their point at the polls. But such men as Colonel Bowles, of this State, Bullitt, of Kentucky, and Barrett, of Missouri, prefer to seize a fit time for open disturbance at an earlier period.

It is my opinion that timely knowledge of their plans and the general patriotism of the people will thwart them, but their leaders are surely endeavoring to educate their people to the contingency of actual war.

Whenever a grand jury of the Federal court meets I shall be able to make a clear case against Colonel Bowles of enlisting men for the rebel army, secreting rebel officers, and plotting war against the Government. He has full confidence in my chief detective, and so has Judge Bullitt, of Kentucky, and I am almost daily finding confirmation of their movements.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY B. CARRINGTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District of Indiana.
HDQRS. DIST. OF INDIANA, NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,Indianapolis, Ind., June 6, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: The following facts are important for your information. We hoped after your telegram to the Governor that you would visit Indianapolis, when fuller information could be given you:

Treasonable societies are extending their operations in the West more rapidly, quietly, and dangerously than last year. They aim at more positive results, and their obligations are more treasonable.

Their general outline is as follows: (1) Supreme grand council of the United States. This organization is both civil and military. Commander-in-chief, C. L. Vallandigham; lieutenant-general, Robert Holloway, of Illinois; secretary of state, Doctor Massey, of Ohio.

(2) State grand councils. These have civil governors, one commander-in-chief, and major-generals. (3) County parent temples; brigades and divisions. (4) Township or subordinate temples.

Barrett, of Missouri, is grand commander of Missouri. He was here a few days since and took with him the private ritual of the order, pledging himself to organize 40,000 in that State.

The sworn objects of this order are revolution in favor of the South. Their agents burn steam-boats loaded with Government property, recruit for the rebel army, and plot to throw the North into civil disorder. Their emissaries are constantly passing from Canada, and our success even at Richmond and elsewhere would not be regarded by them as defeating, but precipitating their plans.

