
I trust General Heintzelman will be here this week for consultation. If advised beforehand I will telegraph you. If I could meet you at Terre Haute on Friday or Saturday I would go there with Governor Morton and bring copies of their books and papers. I could not be absent the first of next week, as the grand council for this State then holds a secret session, and must watch them.

I did hope to visit you personally before this, and if you cannot come, can you not send a confidential member of your staff to meet me here?

With sentiments of strong personal regard,

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY B. CARRINGTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District of Indiana.
HDQRS. DIST. OF INDIANA, NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,Indianapolis, Ind., June 6, 1864.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus, Ohio:

CAPTAIN: The revelations of the last two days give fuller outline of the designs and operations of the treasonable societies. The opinion has been entertained that the capture of Richmond and the success of Sherman would close their avenue to positive measures against the Government. Their leaders claim differently--that the armies will all be South, and a revolution at the North could accomplish their ends as well as if success were not realized by the National troops.

I give you a few facts as succinctly as possible, but their importance will warrant some detail: (1) There is a Supreme Grand Council of the United States, with both civil and military organization. The commander-in-chief is C. L. Vallandigham. The lieutenant-general or deputy grand commander is Robert Holloway, of Illinois. The grand secretary and secretary of state is Doctor Massey, of Ohio, whom I supposed to be the son-in-law of Samuel Medary, of Columbus, Ohio. There are grand councils for States organized in New York, New Jersey, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Delaware, Maryland, and Missouri, and now being organized in Kentucky.

(2) They have commissioned four major-generals for Indiana, designating which shall remain in the State, while other portions occupy Louisville and Kentucky. The senior major-general is William A. Bowles, who was colonel of the Second Indiana Volunteers at Buena Vista and disgraced his State in that action. The others are Yagel, Humphreys, and Milligan--all rank blasphemers of the Government. (3) There are county parent temples which have their regimental organizations, and while sworn not to enter the U. S. service, are sworn to respond to the orders of their military commanders "when ordered into active service. " (4) There are subordinate temples for townships also. I have had the constitutions of these bodies in my possession long enough to make copies. Whatever they may do or fail to do, they are gathering into their organization a large number of men who have influence and property, and are determined that the present Administration shall never hold power again--and that will be settled by the test of "which party is physically stronger. "

I quote from the address of the State commander, a copy of which I had made from the original.

If numbers, money, and oaths can given them the power and will to strike they are a dangerous body of men, and it will pay to be ferreted out. They acknowledge that the steamer Taylor, loaded with Government stores and burned at Louisville, was burned by their order by the

