
use of phosphorus and brimstone. Doctor Gatling, inventor of the gun so called, is a member of the order. The jailer of the Louisville jail is another.

Major-General Lindsey was sent here on Saturday by Governor Bramlette to consult as to the matter. He feels assured that Morgan withdrew from Pound Gap by reason of word to that effect sent from Indiana. I know that the day the telegram was received by the Governor (Morton) that Morgan was entering the State of Kentucky. Colonel Bowles and Judge Bullitt (Kentucky court of appeals) at once said: "It must be stopped, it is premature, and will ruin us in Kentucky. " Bullitt, who is grand counselor of the order in Kentucky, took the first train for Louisville. Messages were sent on the wires as far east as the line is up in Kentucky, respecting family domestic affairs of singular character which were suspected, but not suppressed in time.

On the 13th instant the State council meet in session here. They are to take steps looking toward the Chicago convention, claiming that if Richmond falls it may precipitate their action while the rebels still have armies in the field. I have letters of Bowles', addressed to his wife, then at the South, expressing the purpose of joining the rebel army, and stating that he had enlisted men for the rebel army and had tried to smuggle through provisions to them.

The leaders in this State have decided to support Powell, of Kentucky, for President. Vallandigham has declined to be a candidate, but requests a place in the cabinet.

The foregoing statements are not rumors or gossip, but taken from documents and reliable witnesses who are in the confidence of these men. They have the value of coming, to the same effect, from different directions and through several channels.

On the 15th instant the Ohio grand council will be inaugurated at Hamilton, Ohio, that State not yet being organized fully. The Indiana council with not sit that day, but the leaders will go to Hamilton for consultation. One question proposed for action is whether to call Vallandigham across the border before the Chicago convention.

I recommend that good, reliable men go to Hamilton and find who are th there. I shall know who go from Indiana. Governor Bramlette proposed to arrest the leaders in due time, and all on the same day.

I am checking the Kentucky organization, which is as yet in its infancy; but several strong and prominent men are in it already. One of the high officials of the order in that State left this city this morning with the cipher, seal, and private books required for use there. He is charged with its dissemination; but, being in my confidence, had one of his own agents, who was sent to Henderson, arrested. He came here with an order to have put out of the way (assassinated) Detective Coffin, who was found out through his Kentucky friends. This seems hard of belief, but such a resolution was adopted at Louisville and Judge Bullitt furnished money for the trip.

I believe that $10,000, or even $5,000 spent in this work would be of great utility.

If practicable for the major-general commanding to visit this city this week, I believe it would be of service. Governor Morton was telegraphed to by General Rosecrans, and he could probably come also.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY B. CARRINGTON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

