
Z 9.

WILLIAM G. CHEENEY, of lawful age, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he was born in the State of New York, emigrated to Missouri in the year 1855, and was engaged in publishing a newspaper at Jefferson City, Mo., until May, 1861; that in June, 1861, he proceeded from Jefferson City, by his own conveyance, to Memphis, Tenn., and from there to Richmond, where he expected to pursue his avocation of printing. At that time he believed the action of the Southern States in seceding was warrantable and just, but upon becoming thoroughly acquainted with their objects and motives saw the mistake made, and at the expiration of some thirteen months returned to Washington, D. C., under an assumed name, bringing with him information to President Lincoln of great importance. This information was reduced to writing and handed to the porter at the White House about the 1st of September, 1861. Said letter was signed Wm. L. Walker.

In said communication to President Lincoln he informed him that he could be found at a certain hotel at any time, if an explanation or an interview was desired. After the lapse of six days, during which no answer was received to said letter to the President, he proceeded to Livingston and Genesee Counties, N. Y. Here he remained until January, 1863, sick most of the time, and then went to Albany, N. Y. ; worked there at the printing business, and from there went to New York City, where he was employed, first in the Harper's printing office and then in the World office, where he was arrested.

Upon leaving Genesee County, in the winter of 1863, he assumed the name of William E. Grummond, to prevent his Missouri creditors from harassing and annoying him; that he was arrested in November, 1863, and forwarded to Missouri, where he has since been a prisoner in Gratiot Military Prison, charged, he believes, with bridge burning; at least the body before whom his case was investigated last winter in this city intimated that such was the fact; that he denies most emphatically and positively that he had anything whatever to do with the attempted destruction of said bridge spanning the Osage River. He does not deny the fact of being in that vicinity when the attempt was made, but explains his presence in that locality at that time in the following manner: That at that time and for twelve months prior he had been engaged in getting out lead on the west side of the Osage River; had a furnace there, with all the materials for smelting, &amp;c., and, as had been his custom for more than a year, was present, superintending and looking after his business. The burning took place about midnight, and could readily be seen from his works. The parties who participated in that affair were under the immediate direction and control of Governor Jackson's adjutant-general, who, it was presumed, was acting under the immediate orders of the Governor.

That he has never taken the oath of allegiance, but has been willing to do so since his return from Richmond at any time; that within the past four weeks he has made the acquaintance of a fellow-prisoner named Charles E. Dunn, of the city of Saint Louis, who represents that he is deputy grand commander of a secret organization known as the Order of American Knights; that said Dunn has initiated him into the mysteries of the first degree thereof within the past two weeks in the hospital of Gratiot Military Prison; that said Charles E. Dunn informed him that the object was the overthrow of the present Administration and the installation of their own party in power; that a cessation

