
of hostilities is sought, and peace, in accordance with the Constitution, as they say, to be immediately brought about with the so-called Confederacy; that in order to accomplish the above objects a revolution must necessarily take place in the North, hence the birth and existence of the Order of American Knights; that Charles L. Hunt is the grand commander of Missouri, himself deputy grand commander, Green B. Smith, grand secretary; Doctor Shore is a prominent member of the order; one Coles, a druggist on the northeast corner of Carr street, is another; E. H. A. Habeicht, a printer, is another.

Dunn told him that Vallandigham's return to the United States was hastened by the facts that the secrets of the order had been divulged; that the time fixed for his return was to have been the 4th of July, 1864, but since the secrets of the order had transpired it had been determined that he should return at once, with a view to hasten the revolutionary movement; that his friends and the members of the order were courting an arrest, and that any attempt to accomplish that would be the signal for an immediate hostile demonstration, that could not now take place too soon; that Vallandigham is the recognized head of the order, and is known as the grand commander of this order North; that one Doctor Bledsoe is the supposed traitor, and is followed by a member of said order by the name of Flynn, who is instructed to kill Bledsoe--at least so Dunn says; that there is also an express messenger in the employ of the U. S. Express Company who is suspected and followed; he has been engaged in transmitting, clandestinely, arms, ammunition, &amp;c., to members of this order in North Missouri via North Missouri Railroad; that William M. Douglas, who recently escaped from Gratiot Military Prison, is a prominent member of the order, and is considered a desperate man; under his supervision an attack upon Gratiot Military Prison is expected soon to liberate Hunt, Dunn, Shore, and others. So says Charles E. Dunn.

That he is confident that Douglas is still in the city of Saint Louis, yet, possibly, in Illinois, but thinks Douglas with all the escaped prisoners are still in this city. That Dunn told him that if he could effect his escape, to proceed on board the steamer Graham, report to her captain, and he would be secreted. That Mrs. Dunn visited the prison on the 19th instant and informed her husband that Douglas and Carlin and others were safe. That Dunn instructed him to call on Mr. Habeicht and find out where Douglas was, and that Douglas would secrete and protect him. If Habeicht could not be found, to call on Mr. Coles, the druggist hereinbefore mentioned, and he would direct him to the place where Douglas and others could be found. That the barrel of revolvers found with Douglas when arrested were purchased in Saint Louis and originally came from the Manhattan works. So says Charles E. Dunn.

Dunn told him there were 3,000 men belonging to the order in the city of Saint Louis, and between 30,000 and 40,000 in Missouri. Should said Cheeney succeed in clandestinely escaping he was desired to enter into communication with said Douglas for the purpose of co-operating with other members of the order in effecting the forcible release of all prisoners of the order confined in Gratiot, or of himself (Dunn) and Smith, at such times as they might be called out for examination or trial. Said Dunn also seemed to be, as he asserted, in possession of important secrets of General Rosecrans, obtained at social evening gatherings by parties in the confidence of members of the order. Christian Kribben was mentioned as one of the parties.

