
the effect, as I have already stated, of materially changing my views and feelings. This was the condition of my mind when I was captured, and I accordingly immediately resolved to perform an honorable part and do nothing to discredit or disgrace my name. While satisfied that I had been performing services which placed my life at the mercy and disposal of the Federal Government, I felt it to be my duty to tell the truth and do what I could to atone for the past, and resolved to throw myself upon the Government. I resolved, be the result with me personally what it might, never to return to the Confederate service and continue my former career. I accordingly, immediately on my arrival at Fort Pillow, gave such information as I could to vindicate my personal integrity and show the authorities my determination to act in good far this determination, I at once disclosed such information as I believed to be of important use to the Federal authorities. I informed them, without reserve, of all I had done myself, and also stated to Colonel Booth that if he would send me with an officer and adequate force I would be able to place him in possession of General Forrest as a prisoner in a short time. I knew him to be that night within ten miles of the fort, and would have had no difficulty in enabling Colonel Booth, by adopting my advice, to have taken Forrest, for I knew him to be away from his command at a place designated, where he was to meet me on my return. He was to have met me there for the purpose of bringing my uniform and horse, which he could not trust to another, so that I might change my female apparel and reassume the character of Lieutenant Rawley. Colonel Booth seemed to believe me, and was anxious to carry my proposition out; yet he feared and hesitated, and after a considerable consultation with other officers, finally resolved not to venture on it.

After my arrival at Memphis I made known to the officers what I had already disclosed to Colonel Booth. Among the rest, I gave them an account of my visits to Saint Louis and the purposes for which I went there, which led them to send me here.

Question. You have spoken of a secret organization which enables strangers to meet and recognize each other as belonging to it. Will you please give me the name of it?

Answer. I know of such an organization, but it is known by different names. The members, by whatever name known in different sections, are enabled to know and recognize each other by one and the same means.

Question. Are you a member of the order?

Answer. I am; but it is proper to add that at the last meeting which I attended they passed an order which I consider as utterly atrocious and barbarous, so I told them I would have nothing more to do with it. They then made me take an oath never to reveal what I knew of it.

Question. Are the officers oh Army generally members of the order?

Answer. They are.

Question. Have you any knowledge whether President Davis and the several officers of the Confederate Government are members of the order?

Answer. I know Davis is, but I cannot say whether the rest are or not.

Question. How long ago did you become a member of it?

Answer. Well, it has been something near two years. I think about that.

Question. Is there a Northern and a Southern section of the order?

Answer. There is.

