
purposes in which it is necessary to use that kind of money. I know this, because on one occasion it became necessary for me to have some, and I called the attention of General Forrest to it. He told me that in a few days he would have an abundance. A few days afterward I called to see him and he furnished me what I needed. At the same time he showed me a letter, which I read. It was dated at Washington and purported to be signed by one Chase and addressed to General Forrest, in which the latter was informed that $20,000 had been forwarded to President Davis at Richmond for $900 in gold. The letter went on to say that Chase had advised President Davis that he would furnish him with as many greenbacks as he wished at the rate of $4 for $1 in gold. When I read this letter--it being signed by Chase--I was under the impression that it was Chase, the Secretary of the Treasury, but it was only an impression and nothing that Forrest had said about the person. There was an officer waiting at the time to see Forrest, and he told me that at some other time, when more at leisure, he would tell me all about this man Chase; that he was an important man--one of our head and leading men at Washington, and a member of the order. I knew he was a member of the order, for the signs of it were in the letter.

Question. Was there a general understanding among the members of the order in the Southern army, just about the time you left, as to what the members of the order in the Northern section would do during the present summer?

Answer. Yes.

Question. Was there also a general understanding among the officers and members of the order in the South as to what the movements of the Federal Government and armies would be during the present summer?

Answer. There was.

Question. Was it is in contemplation to make a simultaneous demonstration by the Southern armies upon Pennsylvania and Kentucky, crossing the Ohio River into Ohio and by the trans-Mississippi portion of the Confederacy into Missouri?

Answer. It was.

Question. About what time was this to be done?

Answer. Well, it was to begin about the Fourth of July. That was the understanding them.

Question. Was there a general understanding and expectation that about the time such demonstration was to be made there was to be a like demonstration by the members of the Northern section of the order, with a view of producing anarchy in the Northern States and aiding the movements of the Southern armies?

Answer. There was.

Question. Have you any knowledge as to the general understanding among the members of the order in the South of how that Northern demonstration was to commence?

Answer. Well, I have. Of course, I know.

Question. How was it to be done?

Answer. Well, Vallandigham was to be at Chicago at this meeting that is to be held there. He was to meet there and make a speech, and they were to rise up then, and from that they were to rise all over the States where the order existed.

Question. Is it not to produce a counter revolution in the North?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. What is the general opinion entertained in the South of Vallandigham?

Answer. Well, they know that he is a Southern man in principle, and will do everything he can for the South. They believe it, and they will just do anything for him.

