
Question. Have Southern members of the order information as to the extent of the order in the free States!

Answer. Yes; they have.

Question. What is the general estimate of its strength in different localities!

Answer. Well, I do not know exactly. I could not tell you without I could see the books. I did know, but I do not remember now.

Question. Known to be strong!

Answer. Oh, yes. Quite a majority among the Southerners. They know just exactly its condition.

Question. Are they kept advised of all its movements!

Answer. Yes; they are.

Question. Were there any definite plans for operation when this rise of the members of the order in the North should take palace!

Answer. Yes It was understood that the making of the speech by Vallandingham, at Chicago, is to be the signal, and members are to meet in their lodges throughout the States that day or night, organized and armed, and are to seize and hold or kill the principal officers, such as commanders of departments, districts, and posts, and then seize all the forts, strong points, arms, ammunition, stores, &amp;c., and obtain and hold the control of public matters. The justification of all this is to be put upon these grounds; the members are to say Vallandingham was resisted and abused, which they were determined not to submit to, but resist and take matters and things in their own hands.

Question. Was there a general understanding and policy, acted upon by the Confederate commanders, to have a number of spies within our lines by giving them leaves of absence or furloughs to go home into the Sates in which their families reside!

Answer. Yes; there was.

Question. Did such men, so permitted to go home, get instructions from some officers as to their mode of procedure successfully to pass] the lines and not to be molested after reaching home!

Answer. They did.

Question. in what way!

Answer. They were first to go in as deserters and take the oath, and then they were to proceed.

Question. Have you any personal knowledge of such instructions being given!

Answer. I have. I heard them given myself, and have known them to be sent in for that purpose. I heard afterward that they succeeded in what they undertook to do, but I never saw them take the oath. I have seen them after they had taken it and returned.

Question. That was a general rule, was it not!

Answer. Yes.

Question. General understanding!

Answer. Yes.

Question. From your knowledge of the Confederate Army and service, what number of men out of every ten would come into our lines in the West here and take the oath of allegiance! What number out of every ten, is it your judgment, come with an honest intention of remaining here as loyal citizens!

Answer. I would not vouch for one, because them that don't return to the Confederate Army do you more harm than they could by fighting against you in the field.

