
Question. Was there a general understanding, and was it carried out, to let as many of that class of Confederate soldiers pass through the lines as possible during the spring; and, when once within our lines, what were they to do when this general revolt took place!

Answer. Well, they were, of course, to join the members of this order.

Question. Well, was it the policy to send as many as possible!

Answer. Why, certainly.

Question. And they were to assist!

Answer. They were.

Question. Was that talked about.!

Answer. It was.

Question. And understood!

Answer. . It was.

Question. You have already stated that you were imprisoned at Memphis. From your observations there did you discover any known officers in command there who had any knowledge of the existence of this order!@

Answer. I did not recognize any.

Question. Your judgment was that they were in profound ignorance!

Answer. Yes.

Question. Did you see any evidence of it there!

Answer. I did. I saw the Confederate soldiers giving the signs to persons on the streets and conversing with each other. Doctor Goff, the surgeon, saw the same, but he did not know what it meant. He asked mm e what it was. All I said was they had better put a stop to it.

Question. From your knowledge and observation while at Memphis, have you reason to believe, or do you know, that any Union soldiers, on or off duty, were waylaid and killed by members of this order!

Answer. I do know of some that were on duty.

Question. Sentinels?

Answer. They were on duty as pickets.

Question. Did the officers under whose command they were seem to have any idea that they were thus picked off in that way!

Answer. No; they did not. I did not see him or hear him talk about it, but I heard outside that it was done by some white men disguised as negroes. The Federal officers believed it was done by some of their own soldiers. They did not mistrust that it was done by members of the order. I know how it was done.

Question. You had information that enabled you to know how they were killed!

Answer. yes.

Question. Is it a part of the obligations or understanding of this order to pick off Union officers and soldiers, or loyal men that are considered important or influential, whenever it can be done by stealth!

Answer. it is.

Question. Have you any knowledge other than that in relation to a case at Memphis of such things having been done!

Answer. I have- not at Memphis, though.

