
Question. Oftern!

Answer. Well, not very, but would have been, I suppose, if there had been opportunity. They have kept this thing very dark.

Question. Have you any knowledge, either of your own or hearsay, general understanding, that members of the order are to be found among officers or privates belonging to the Union Army, who either lead our men into ambush, or places where they may be taken or killed, or of killing our own men themselves when occasion offered!

Answer. I have both.

Question. Are these persons belonging to the order, who pass backward and forward through he lines, between the two supreme commanders, known to the members of the order.!

Answer. Not to all of them.

Question. Known to some!

Answer. yes.

Question. You spoke of the last meeting you attended that proceedings had taken place which you regarded as so outrageous that you had given them notice of your determination to wash you r hands of them, and have nothing further to do with the lodge. Have you any objection, without going into the circumstances, to give the reasons why their course so revolted you.!

Answer. Well, some of the reasons why was because their action contemplated robbery, murder, and almost anything else that was mean, dishonorable, criminal, and despicable.

Question. Members of this order from whatever section can and do make themselves known in the streets or in public with prefect safety!

Answer. Yes; they can.

Question. And I could not tell, or anybody else who did not know, anything about it!

Answer. no.

Question. There are various degrees of the order, are there not!

Answer. yes; there are.

Question. Are many of those having the first degree received into the highest degrees!

Answer. Not a great many- only a few.

Question. Is it a part of the duty of a member of the order that he should be armed!

Answer. Well, it is that he should be armed all the time, provided there is not some confusion made in some way, so that he would be obliged to conceal his arms.

Question. But he should carry them!

Answer. yes.

Question. Is the list of members of a lodge gotten up in such a way as to be the same as a muster- roll to indicate what arms each member has!

Answer. It is.

Question. Does the list of members use a heading different from what it really means!

Answer. The list of members of a lodge is in the nature of a muster- roll, showing the arms and the ammunition of each member, but disguised so that no one not a

23 R R- SERIES II, VOL VII

