
member would know its meaning, but take it for a list of members of a library or any other association it might purport to be.

Question. Are mails carried by means of this order between the two sections!

Answer. Well, the mails are generally carried by men selected.

Question. Well, are members of this order generally selected!

Answer. Sometimes- generally they are. When any important letters or dispatches have to go, members of this order are always selected to carry them.

Question. had you any idea, before I spoke to you, that anybody outside of the order had any knowledge of it!

Answer. no; I never was so surprised in my life. I did not think any one in the world had any knowledge of it; only those who were members of it. It confused me at first, and I could not have lied to you if I wished. If I had been prepared for it I might have said no and passed it off.

Question. Were you satisfied at once that I had a knowledge of it!

Answer. I was.

Question. Did I five any signs correctly!

Answer. You did.

Question. From what you know of th feeling and temper and general disposition of the members of the order, do you believe that they would either carry out their measures upon a member of the order that disclosed it to me, or,d), if an opportunity offer to assassinate!

Answer. If they could murder you secretly I know they would do it, and especially a member of the order who would reveal the secret. I know they would. I do not think they would come out boldly, but if they could do it secretly they would surely take your life, if an opportunity that would be prudent and safe should be presented.

Question. Have members of the order, those who are acting members in the South, a knowledge who the grand commanders in the different States in the north are!

Answer. They have.

Question. Are any of them South in communication with them, as well as the supreme commanders!

Answer. no, not so much.

Question. Communications pass between the supreme commanders!

Answer. The grand commanders of the Northern States communicate with the supreme commander North, and the same plan is pursued at the South.

Question. Then they have in each Sate a grand commander!

Answer. Yes.

Question, The order, them, is really and substantially a miliary organization!

Answer. It is nothing else.

Question. Without the existence of such an organization North could this rebellion be carried on as it has been!

Answer. It could not.

Question. Has it ciphers for communications as well as signs!

Answer. it has.

Question. Who is Oliver Forrest!

Answer. He is a leading man of the order in Tennessee, and very frequently carries communications from Price to Vallandigham, the two supreme commanders.

