
accomplished to their content, the next intended move of this organization is to meet on Saturday, July 2, 1864, at Chicago, Ill. This would be the Saturday previous to the time proposed for the meeting of the convention to nominate a President by the Democratic party. They there intended to organize previous to the convention and mature and determine upon some plan of concert of action to press upon the national Democratic convention the claims of McClellan as th nominee of that party, for President, whom they desire to be nominated at once by acclamation by that body.
Stevens also said that Freemont "had his price," and that they knew how to use him. He was intended to control the German vote for them, and be rewarded by some desirable position under the proposed new Administration. He also stated that "the people are full of gunpowder and fight," and that those who represent the McClellan interest are compelled to preach the vigorous prosecution of the war, in order to secure the interest of the popular sentiment, or, in other words, to allure voters. When once in power they declare that they will settle the difficulty between the North and South and the war within thirty days after assuming the reins of Government, by giving such guarantee to the South as will satisfy them.

Stevens' whole theme is abuse of the present Administration. But he is very cautious not to make any declarations amounting to treason, or which might be construed as treason. He also states that the Government authorities, to some extent, are informed of his sayings and doings and would arrest him if they dared; but that they are afraid to do so for fear of arousing the exercise of an influence that would be severely felt.

This is the whole amount of the affair as elicited by Forrester from Chaffee. I propose to have an interview myself with Chaffee to- day, in company with Forrester, and if anything new of interest is elicited will immediately advise you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. DEVOE,

U. S . Navy.

Z 12.

DAYTON, May 23, 1864.

MY VERY DEAR HUSBAND: I received your most welcome letter of the 18th a day or two ago, and am rejoiced to find in the tone of it that rounds us. Before this you have seen Mrs. Morse and have received takes place to- morrow. Mr. Cahill told me at John's the other day that they all thought there would be a good attendance and that all would be right. They are determined to offer the right kind of resolutions. We have had no news from he army for a day or two, but the indications are very plain and I think we understand them. Our anxiety is very great, but God, I trust, will direct all. The interest taken in you and in the house seems to have commenced afresh. Within the last few weeks there have been a great many persons here to see the house from all parts of the country. Some gentlemen from Indiana were here to other day, and after expressing the greatest devotion to you and the cause, as they were leaving one of them said, "Madam, I expect to see your husband President of the United States. " Great numbers of drafted men from Butler County, who came up to pay their $300, came to see- us, and all expressed the greatest devotion to you.

