
I have forgotten the names they told me. Many of the home guards from other counties have been at the gate looking in, but presuming they were abolitionists I did not ask them in. The country people are as friendly as ever and oftern stop to see me. I am so sorry I could not send your drawers by mrs. Morse. Kitty made a mistake and did not tell her mother until her trunks were all packed. If no opportunity offers soon I will send them by express to Mr. Elwood. mrs. Morse said she would tell you all about it. I am afraid you have needed them before this. All think you did well in the buying of gold, and Mr. Blanchard regrets that he did not do as you did, and is waiting for it to go down again. Mrs. Blanchard is in Cincinnati. We miss Mrs. Morse very much, but must do the best we can. All are well except myself. our dear boy is well and happy with his chickens and little garden. Dear little precious boy, he is so fond of play that we cannot get him to attend much to his books; The weather has been so warm that I do not like to confined him too much. All are well at Mollie's. She, Ellen, Bell, John, and all join me in sending much love and many kisses. And now, dear husband, I must quit, and that the Lord will protect and bless you and protect you is the prayer of your affectionate wife,

L.

Do not wait for my letters, but write as oftern as you can/

As Mr. Blanchard gave me Mr. Elwood's address I concluded to send this to him, as you may probably get it a little sooner, as Mr. Phelps is often away.

(This letter inclosed in an envelope addressed Honorable C. L. Vallandingham, Windsor, Canada West, inclosed in another addressed J. H. Harmon, esq., Detroit, Mich.)

CLEVELAND, May 24, 1864.

Honorable C. L. VALLANDIGHAM, Windsor, Canada:

DEAR SIR: I have received the certificates and returned one to be exchanged, as desired. It was some days before the gold was delivered by the broker, and then not until my partner (Mr. Fillins) sent our cashier up with a check and demanded the gold. The cashier then, with another clerk, carried the gold from eh broker's direct to the Bank of Commerce and delivered it there for account of the Commercial Bank of Kingston, unsealed. upon counting, the Bank of Commerce reported it $244,80 short, which my partner has not yet been able to get corrected. He immediately bought $2444,80 at 78 cents premium to make good the original amount ($6,000), and thus it stands. I hope it will all come out right soon, this being the first instance of the kind that was ever occurred.

The remittance from Mr. Thompson not yet received, but advised me yesterday that he had just returned home and would remit the first of this week. There are reasons, I think, enough to make it advisable for me to transfer these certificates to N McDonald, or some other friend of yours in Canada, and if you see no objections I will do so, and to such party as you will direct.

Yours, truly,

W. I. GORDON.

(This letter inclosed in an envelope addressed Honorable C. L. Vallandingham, Windsor, Canada, per Mr. J. H. Harmon, inclosed in another addressed J. H. Harmon, Detroit, Mich.)

