
DAYTON, May 25, 1864.

DEAR UNCLE: Convention met and adjourned to June 15, to meet at Hamilton at 11 a. m. There was not full representation. You can make any arrangements for that day, if you please. We never had harder work in our lives than to bring our delegation to the point of voting for you. It was done, however. Yet the action of the caucus was not binding except for this convention, and there being half a dozen townships yet unrepresented, they may make a change. I may say that it is the unanimous opinion of every county and of your warmest friends, strange to say, that you should not be the delegate. I never saw such feeling against it. Gillespie is strong against you; Elliott, Kelly, Walters, and many of your country friends.

Butler in caucus agreed by one vote upon hughes against Christy. The objection seems to be that you will return, and they are not ready, &amp;c. I never felt worse then during this contest, and it was a contest, but we outfought and outworked them. Consider this matter again and let me know immediately.

Select friends in the district confidentially to communicate with, so as to let them into your views and plans. Our resolutions are right. They are not adopted yet, but Cahill, Gilmore, and myself have agreed upon them. There are only two others whom we have not seen. Send me your mature ideas upon this subject.

The contest about you was all friendly, &c., but strong.

All are well. Will write again. Let me say distinctly, as the expression of nearly all, that you should not be in the Chicago convention and connected with its wranglings It will not do anything for the country. Another objection made- that nominating you from the district would be queer in view of your card in regard to the use of your name there.

Respectfully, yours,

McW.

I write in a great hurry.

(This letter inclosed in an envelope addressed C. L. Vallandingham, Windsor, inclosed in another addressed S. D. Elwood, esq., Law Publisher, Detroit, Mich.)

CINCINNATI, May 29, 1864.

MY DEAR SIR; I arrived home Friday and found friends all well and in good spirits. I handed your letter to Mr. Thomas yesterday and he said he would give it attention. I found the impression the same here as in New York, that Grant had been badly whipped.

I saw a letter received this morning from Long that it was reported Grant was trying to get back to Aquia Creek. The telegraph, however, says this morning that Grant is on the Pamunkey, and Breckinridge near Hanover Court=- house with 30,000 men.

You can rely on what I now tell you. A dispatch was received by Colonel Swords, quartermaster, here from Sherman's army, to purchase immediately all the horses he could, and all the light wagons fit for ambulances he could, and ship right off to Sherman, and to make his purchases regardless of cost.

My conclusion from that is that Forrest had captured all Sherman's ambulances, or that the wounded are accumulating so rapidly on Sherman's hands that he has not ambulances to carry them.

I find the main hope of the Republicans here is centered in Sherman.

They seem to regard Gant's expedition a failure, and unless Sherman can take Atlanta that the game is played out, with the South the winner.

