
A major just from Sherman's army says Sherman has 120,000 men, and that there is a continuous string of regiments on the way to him; that he will drive Johnston before him and take Atlanta. Another account represents Johnston with 60,000 veterans and an innumerable host of squirrel hunters, and that Sherman will be overwhelmed when Johnston gets him as far in the country as he desires. There is great anxiety here to hear definitely from Sherman. The Southern accounts, you will perceive, say they have been whipping us at every point.

I find since my return that the Germans are deserting the Administration by scores. Conscription, taxation, and the removal of Sigel have brought them to reflection, and the stampede that is going on is wonderful.

The ninth Ohio, all Germans, 670 strong, came home Thursday. Their time is out and they refuse to re- enlist. They all damn Lincoln. That was Bob McCook's regiment.

The Sixth (Guthrie Grays) and Tenth (Irish) will be home in a few days, having refused to re- enlist.

Give my regards to Mrs. phillips, and tell her that I saw her mother and brother the day I returned; they are both well. Her aunt, Mrs. Benham, will see her in a few days.

Friends by the score made numerous inquiries about your health, spirits, views, &amp;c.

Wash was delighted to learn that I had been with you.

Yours,

___ ___.

(Inclosed in an envelope addressed Honorable C. L. Vallandingham,

Windsor, Canada West.)

SUNDAY, MAY 29, 1864.

DEAR LOUISA: I have seen our friend, M. Farin, the very day he arrived at home. I was going to the children's school, opposite, when he called me over to tell me that you were well, but Louly must still be sick, as he did not see her. I hope that the lady from Dayton who has bought a place in Canada, in the country, will take you to board with her on account of Louyly's health, and perhaps she will board you for $20 a month in gold. no private house ought to ask as much as a hotel. Sister Anthony, from he Saint John's Hospital, will be in Detroit in a week or ten days from this time; will bring your flower molds and other little things for you. If Louly would come back with her she will take the greatest care of her. She could sleep all night in the sleeping- car, in one of the lower ones, not more than a foot from he ground. As Helen's school closes the 16th of next month, she could take care of little Louyly with me, and I would bring her back to you before Helen's school begins again, as the fresh air of the country would restore her. We will soon have raspberries, and I have planted watermelons and cantaloupes. I have always thought her a delicate child. I will take every care of her. Louise Benham has left us for good; she is in L., but will be up on Wednesday for three days. She will write and tell you when to expect her at Windsor. if I had an old pair of Louly's drawers I could have them made, but if the old waist will do it will not be much trouble to ut and make them yourself. I have just received a letter froM Albert while writing to you. He is well and in good spirits and likes the service very much. he is at present at Mound City, near Cairo; has sent me the Commodore Porter telegraph and a drawing of the Black Hawk, the flag- ship. He sends his [love] to all. Did you receive your boots and ___, which

