
found, and with as little delay as practicable will repair to the respective posts or prisons and enter upon the duties assigned. You are authorized to require the production of all documentary testimony and military orders respecting such prisoners; may examine any witness who can be procured for or against them, and may hear any statements which the prisoners desire or are willing to make. You are authorized to discharge, either absolutely or upon such oath or parole as you may think proper, all prisoners against whom no well-founded suspicions for having violated any law of the Confederate States may exist, or whose longer detention you may think not demanded by the public interest, and to transfer to the civil authorities of the State or Confederacy such prisoners as you may think answerable to their jurisdiction. Orders will be issued to General Breckinridge to render you every facility in the discharge of your duties and to obey your instructions in regard to the prisoners you may examine.

A full report of your proceedings under this commission and your opinion with regard to each prisoner examined will be made by you as promptly as practicable.

The commanding officer of the department will be instructed to advise with you upon any questions arising in his jurisdiction which may require the aid of legal counsel, and to retain you to appear in behalf of the department in any judicial investigations in which he may judge it necessary for the interests of the Government to be protected by counsel.

You will notify the Department on receipt of this communication whether you will accept the position assigned you and when it will comport with your convenience to enter upon the discharge of the duties.

By way of compensation for your services you will be allowed the sum of $150 per month, to be paid on the order of the commanding officer of the department by any quartermaster of the Confederate States, and transportation will be furnished you for all necessary traveling by the commandants of the several posts.

The rate of compensation above mentioned is not designed to preclude your right to demand and receive additional compensation for services in court.

Very respectfully, you obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., April 9, 1864.

Brigadier General A. R. LAWTON, Quartermaster-General:

GENERAL: More Federal prisoners will be sent from Virginia to Andersonville. They will leave Danville on Wednesday next and the days following.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. RIELY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 10, 1864.

Brigadier General S. G. BURBRIDGE, Commanding District of Kentucky, Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the report of S. E. Jones, captain and provost-marshal, in reference to the transferring of prisoners

