
was sent to the express office at Detroit! Remember me to our Zena. I have commenced building the new rooms, but building is so high I fear I cannot do al that is necessary to the old home to make it decent and comfortable. Sissy, is there anything for you and Louly! Does she want a nice little sunbonnet with slats in it, as Jane Buscan has made one for Helen and Guy! I think one of white plaid muslin or a plain blue, yellow, or green French gingham, all one color, with a little riffle around it, will be nice for her. Write at once about it. Kiss Louly for me. Helen and Guy go every Sunday to Lindan Sunday school. Write soon. Do you not___ or ___, or does Louly!

Your affectionate mother,

A. L.

Write at once about the sunbonnet.

(This letter inclosed in an envelope addressed Mrs. louisa Phillips, Windsor, Canada, inclosed in another addressed S. D. Elwood, esq., Detroit, Mich.)

SECRETARY OF STATE'S OFFICE,

Columbus, Ohio, June 1, 1864.

Honorable C. L. VALLANDIGHAM:

DEAR SIR: Our convention having adjourned for the purpose of having a demonstration at hamilton on the 15th, we feel anxious to make sure of the speakers. On so short a notice, and to attend a district convention, this cannot be accomplished by an invitation from us unless backed by other more powerful influence. I have written to Wall, of New Jersey, Fernando Wood, Chilton A. White, Pendleton, and Long. If there are any others whom ou would desire to suggest, let me know. It is hoped that you will use your own influence to make some of these men see the importance of having an early and decided expression of the peace sentiment, and thus induce them to come. /

With great respect, I am, truly yours,

ARCHIBALD MAYO.

P. S. - I will return to Hamilton to- morrow, where a letter will reach me.

A. M.

WINDSOR, CANADA WEST, june 1, 1864.

MY DEAR SIR: Yours of the 23rd ultimo, by Lotz, received. You are right in what you say, for the most part. I found it out some time ago. Not an order has been obeyed, not a request complied with, except that from Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri. The letters calling on me for a peace letter have been received. But we must be patient and wait a little yet before we give up. I will determine for myself before the Chicago convention whether I will retain my present position or not. Our (Third) district convention is at last announced for Hamilton, June 15. Events between this and that date will of course go far to determine its value. There will be a good, large meeting of the people in any event, and some good speakers, and in a certain contingency it can be made most important. I should be glad to have you there as a speaker and for consultation if convenient.

Just now all is suspense, and there seems to be no disposition to do anything. But let us, "who are of the household of faith," stand firm.

Truly,

C. L. V.

