
CINCINNATI, June 5, 1864.

MY DEAR SIR: We have had no reliable news here from Sherman, and have not had for several days. Yesterday afternoon a letter appeared in the Times of this city, written at Chattanooga seven days before, detailing a disaster to the Fifth Ohio; that is with Sherman. Colonel Patrick was killed, and about eighty of the men killed and wounded. The facts were gathered from some of the wounded brought from the front to Chattanooga. The regiment is from this city and numbers about 300. Nothing public was known of this loss until some ten days after the occurrence. That shows how unfavorable news is withheld from the public.

But until after the nomination of Lincoln we shall have nothing but victories, successful strategic and flank movements, the speedy capture of Richmond and Atlanta, and the certain crushing out of the rebellion. While the Sanitary Commission of this city was in session Thursday night last a dispatch was received by it asking that large amounts of sanitary stores be sent immediately to Sherman, that there had been very severe fighting and there were many wounded.

A dispatch in the Gazette of this city from Columbus says the wounded of Sherman's army are coming into Louisville and Nashville, and that thirty additional surgeons are needed. You can judge from these two items whether Sherman's march toward Atlanta has been a one- sided affair, as Stanton's dispatches would lead us to believe.

Our private advice from Washington and Baltimore are that Grant lost between 20,000 and 30,000 men at the battle between the North and South Annas. one of our letters says 30,000, another 20,000. Grant was compelled to move to the Peninsula to save his army; and that he is more concerned in saving his army than in taking Richmond. Heavy siege guns were being shipped to him from Baltimore and Washington. That would lead to the conclusion that Grant purposes to move on Richmond by regular approaches. in case he does go to digging and bridging, Beauregard will be left to defend Richmond, while Lee will move on to Washington. The dispatches tell us that Lee is sick and does not command the army. That leads me to believe he is now on his way to Washington. The relies have the whole country between Gordonsville, Fredericksburg, and Centerville, so that Lee with a big army may reach the latter place before the fat was known in Washington.

You and your political friends got a thorough beating yesterday by the president of the city council of this city. The occasion was the reception of the Tenth Ohio, just from the front, whose time is out, and who won't re- enlist. The speech produced general indignation in the regiment and among their friends, who are all Irish. Weasner (president of council) is a narrow- minded man and a good type of Republicans generally. The committee on reception speak their sentiments respecting Weasner in the Enquirer of to- day.

Kentucky is in a great ferment. All the male able- bodied negroes are flocking to the Federal camps in search of! freedom. Farms are left untilled and hotel tables d on. Parties are here now from Kentucky to get white help for farms and hotels. Add to this that Bramlette has called for 20,000 of the home guard, and you may imagine the stew Kentucky is in.

Yours,

___. ___.

(This letter inclosed in an envelope addressed Honorable C. L. Vallandigham, Windsor, Canada West, inclosed in another addressed J. H. Harmon, esq., Detroit, Mich.)

