
DAYTON, June 6, 1864.

Honorable C. L. VALLANDIGHAM:

DEAR SIR; I received your letter of the 23rd of May on the morning of the 25th, just before the assembling of the convention. You have been informed all about the proceedings of the convention; also of the opposition we met with as to the appointment of a delegate from this county, and from whence the opposition came. But I desire for the purpose of a more complete understanding of the matter to repeat some of these things. of course I do so confidentially, as the opposition to the appointment profess the strongest possible friendship for you and claim only to be exercising the right of private judgment as to what is best for you and themselves when they oppose the appointment. They have got an impression that if appointed you will make an attempt to go to Chicago, or come home at all hazards and at whatever cost, and say if they make the appointment they are committed before the world to sustain you in the attempt; that they are not prepared to do so; will not be seconded by the people at this time; will fail and bring ruin on themselves and you.

This is the whole case, and it is due to frankness that I should say that if this idea prevails we will have trouble to make the appointment and may not succeed in making it. Those of us who advocated it have said what our understanding of it is, to wit, that while the appointment will not necessitate your going to Chicago or coming hie, it will be an indorsement before the country in a practical way; will connect your name with the peace movement, which we favor and hope to give an impetus to by our convention; will give character to our proceedings abroad; and further, that relying on your prudence and judgment, we believe that you will not attempt to go unless circumstances at that time should be favorable. upon this sort of reasoning we carried our delegation, having first pledged the minority to make no opposition to the decision of the majority to make no opposition to the decision of the majority. The opposition get their ideas from persons who say they have seen and conversed with you. So far as I am concerned, I freely recognize your right to come home or go to any part of the country whenever you desire to do so, and our duty to protect you in so doing, and although my private opinion is that the Chicago convention will not be democratic convention, and that time and place for coming home at all hazards would under ordinary circumstances be inopportune and array against us a large portion of the opposition to the Administration, yet if our friends generally think the time and place fit, I am not disposed to shrink from he issue. I can readily conceive that a condition of things may exist at that time which would make it eminently proper for you to got to Chicago, in my judgment. But if the opposition are right, as I have stated above, I desire distinctly to know it. I do not wish to ; ace myself and friends in a position where in a trying time it may be said we have deceived and misled the people. If I incur a responsibility fairly I have no difficulty in standing up to it.

If, when the means of knowledge are in my power, I refuse to inquire and bring others into acting on my surmises, I may be paralyzed for any good when the time of trial arrives. If the arguments used by your friends as detailed above are correct and you can write us a short letter to that effect, so far as it relates to your coming home, one to be read privately to the delegates from Montgomery, it will save all trouble and make the thing certain. it will evidently be expected of us to be able authoritatively to answer this point when we meet again.

