
Pardon the freedom of this letter, but I have endeavored to give you a minute understanding of the state of the case presented, and to do so have been unreserved so far as I have said anything, and I think I have said all that is important to an understanding of the situation. There is no denying the people are demoralized- very much demoralized. For myself I cannot say I have any hope of the coming campaign for President.

The elective franchise is in fact abolished; to- day the nation will be degraded by the nomination of Lincoln. Unless the Freemont party prove strong and stubborn, he will be elected in the same way he will be nominated- by fraud and violence, by greenbacks and bayonets. If Chicago convention does not turn out right, must have another candidate for whom we can vote- a man who has never shed the blood of a fellow- citizen unless in self- defense.

Yours, &amp;c.,

N. CAHILL.

Send us a letter to read to the convention, and have Alex. long and White to come at all events; James W. Wall if possible. They are expected, and there will be a a large convention.

(This letter inclosed in an envelope addressed Honorable C. L. Vallandingham, Windsor, Canada West.)

CINCINNATI, May 16, 1864.

DEAR NEPHEW: As I cannot yet name a day when we can meet at the "exiles' home," I must perforce content myself by sending a brief missive. The town is wild with joy over past, resent, and coming victories; the women are even more demonstrative than the men. They, in their eagerness to rivet their own chins as the forgers draw them from the furnace, are wild with glee over carnage and death. "On with the slaughter," is the cry of the foolish civilians, while the pronunciamentos of the Governors and Government are "grand, gloomy, and peculiar. " Hancock's dispatch would do credit to the prize ring. "Ingalls," of the billiard saloon, writes of a battle as of a "ten stroke," and is going to have anther "pop. " While Bramlette (Bullitt and Bayard ruler of T. D. 7.) reads the glorious announcements of those valorous heroes, a nd, incited by their style, he, in imagination, feels that he also will " a la Hancock" pitch in the ring for victory, or after Ingalls' bombast succeed, make a ten strike and have a pop himself. Therefore he calls for 10,000 Kentucky men and gravely promises to be their leader. If it were not that these wretched, low- born creatures were playing with the destinies of a nation, were sacrificing human life on the one side and destroying the American element and the principles of free government on the other, their antics might excite to merriment; but, as it is, an outraged divinity is near, and the handwriting on the wall requires no prophetic seer to read the lettering. The child that runs may read. in sober truth General Lee has led them seventeen miles farther into a hostile country, after nine days of slaughter, and c'est tout. I cannot tell why I write thus to you. I think it is because there is no one near who understands me. I will see you before I leave; until then farewell, and God bless you.

Your affectionate aunt,

J. M. H.

I have written L[ouisa] P[hillips] at length this day. Be to her a brother. She needs a counselor. Her case is a peculiar one, as is yours.

Again adieu,

J. M. H.

