
Write and direct as usual. It will be forwarded to "Fidelity. " I shall feel anxious to hear that you receive this.

LOUISVILLE, May 14, 1864.

The following dispatch as received at midnight last night:

FRANKFORT, KY., May 13, 1864.

EDITOR LOUISVILLE JOURNAL:

Kentuckians to the rescue! I want 10,000 six- months' troops at once. Do not hesitate. Come, I will lead you. Let us help to finish this was and save our Government.

THOMAS E. BRAMLETTE,

Governor of Kentucky.

Will Mr. Elwood please send this letter over to my nephew as usual!

Respectfully,

J. M. HOWARD.

(This letter inclosed in an envelope addressed S. D. Elwood, esq., Law publisher, Detroit, Mich.)

LOUISVILLE, KY., May 23, 1864.

MY DEAR NEPHEW: I am delighted with your letter of May 17, although I can only briefly respond to it. Tell Louis that I shall look for a letter in reply to my last, in which I played the role of mentor, and assure here that I well endeavor to be with her in about two weeks from now. If not exactly at that time, it will not be more than a day or two after. I had a letter from Sammy to day from B. He writes that all is going on satisfactorily. I believe that from the gloomy faces around here. Purtus letters in abundance.

They are chafing in their cages and thirsting for action. Do you ever go over from Detroit to Canada, my dear George! I am very stupid and very busy to- day. Love to the two L.

From your affectionate aunt,

J.

(This letter inclosed in an envelope addressed George William Howard, hiron's House, windsor, Canada, inclosed in another addressed S. D. Elwood, esq., Detroit, Mich.)

AT G. D. P. ___'s, Louisville, ky., Monday, May 23, 1864.

DEAR GEORGE: Yours of the 19th is this moment read. its contents caused mingled emotions of joy for you and your aunt, and temporary sorrow for dear L. You properly appreciate her; her present position is a melancholy one, but I feel an assurance that you and I can when we meet arrange for her, under God's providence, that portion that will content and improve her now, and if spared, lead here to a future of peace and such happiness as her chastened spirit may enjoy. I am alone, utterly alone, looking upward for health, help, and support. God grant it. your letter has delighted me. Yes, get ready at once of Europe. It is there your friend is going. This is no home for earnestness and truth. I am no coward, but if it were breathed ever to my sisters or my family here some disguised "Hill" would mark and frustrate all. Do not let L. know of this letter; only show her the short note within it. Confide in no one the secret that I impart to you. L. is all earnestness and love, but too confiding. She would not intentionally injure, and yet she may destroy me Do you want to see my stepson G. D. P.! I can bring future to you. We sat alone last

