
night for four hours in the moonlight on the doorstep. He talked; I listened. I have the whole programme. it is yours when we meet, and will be useful to you. Often through the evening was the Vallandigham &amp; Co. party censured, but an earnest desire to learn what I thought was manifested. Nothing elicited from me. At last I led the conversation to L. and her situation, your kindness, &c. He asked questions, confessed a high admiration of or a friend of ours, who he once met in one of the galleries of the Capitol. I said I corresponded with that kind person respecting L. and I hope to see and know him. He eagerly asked, "When!" I answered, "In about two weeks. " He said, " I will take you there; I want very much to see him. " When you write to him give him my warm personal regards, emphasizing personal. I said, "Certainly. " He then expressed a fear that the escape might hang him. I laughed at that, but did not press it further until I consulted with you. I am overwhelmed with letters and business and called inverse directions where I cannot go, and the demands on my time are making me nervous. All I wanted was protection on the voyage; that your letter settled. I will hurry everything and be with you very soon. if I think or find that I can advantage you and others by bringing my friend G. D. P. with me as far as W___, he thinking that I go to see L. for a day, I will do so if you concur in the wish. He says that he does not know you, my dear George, but that "your friend Mr. V. is certainly, let who will gainsay it, one of the greatest statesmen and one of the brightest minds in the country. " These were his words. I hope you may decipher this scrawl. Three dressmakers waiting for me. Farewell. God bless you. Burn this letter.

(This letter inclosed in an envelope addressed George William Howard, Hiron's House, Windsor, Canada, inclosed in another addressed S. D. Elwood, esq., Detroit, Mich.)

LOUISVILLE, Thursday, May 26, 1864.

DEAR NEPHEW: I wrote you a long letter this week and after that a short note in the same envelope. I shall be most anxious until I hear that you have received them. Advise me promptly of the fact. Blessing on you for your care of the dear one. Yes, she needed a brother's care, a brother's counsel, and God has blessed here with both. I had a delightful letter from her yesterday. Will answer it to- morrow. The poetry, "Carte," and adventure of the colonel were all gratifying. I am so busy getting ready to be off that I am nervous when I scribble this; hot burning thoughts of a tasked brain. Excuse the ramblings that you receive, and do not judge of me from them. I concur with the sage who placed eloquence in action, save that I enlarge the figures and for eloquence substitute life- yes, life that is not action now is not the true life that God breathed into man when "He made him a living soul. "

We had two conventions here yesterday, and God's storm of wind and rain was poured upon and against both factions. The machine work was all arranged last night. The Union- National conservative (Heaven save the mark), McClellan faction of odds and ends, was opposed by the Union war Democratic, mobocratic, Lincloncratic, Abolition party, led on by the Reverend (of excuse hety [sic] Doctor Breckinridge. I heard to- day from a McClellan friend that he feared civil war in the North. "Tush," said I; " that is pique because you think your candidate cannot stand before Mihus[sic], who is Lincoln" Yes, ten thousand times rather that McClellan. It is getting dark and I

