
shall lose a mail if I do not stop, so good night and God bless you. Love to your sister, from

Your affectionate aunt,

JULIA.

Let me hear if you receive this letter.

(This letter inclosed in an envelope addressed George William Howard, Windsor, Canada West, inclosed in another [addressed] S. D. Elwood, esq., Detroit, Mich.)

SUNDAY 29, 1864.

G. W. HOWARD:

MY DEAR NEPHEW: Only time for a few words and a few extracts from the Louisville Journal to keep you "en courant" in our public affairs, as you are young, ardent, and withal a Kentucky politician. I send you the Saturday's McClellan answer to the Lincoln Gazette attack on our convention of the 25th. We are showing up the Aboliton party, and they are abusing us, the pure war, which Democratic party material, conservative, &amp;c., judge for yourself. I send a slight compliment to "Schenck,: " general, and what not, and an article marked for L. P. I retain as a "bijou" the order of yesterday by General Burbridge, under direction of General Schofield, stopping treasonable publications, and prohibiting in the District of Kentucky the circulation of a work styled "Life, Services, and Campaigns of Stonewall Jackson. " All persons found violating this order will be arrested and forwarded to headquarters to be dealt with for uttering treasonable publications. Also the lineage of Beauregard, the grandson of a Mexican bandit, and a low- born, lying creole, the son of a slave. There was a long article on the lineage of R. E. Lee, the descendant of traitors, defamers, cowards, &c. That was a precious "morceau" for the New york Times. All this in yesterday's paper. I think I shall travel alone to see you. Love to L. P.

Adieu, your aunt,

JULIA.

(This letter inclosed in an envelope addressed George William Howard, Windsor, Canada West, inclosed in another addressed S. D. Elwood, esq., Detroit, Mich.)

CIRCULAR OFFICE COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Numbers 3. Washington, D. C., June 13, 1864.

By authority of the Secretary of War, it is ordered as follows:

I. When prisoners of war are employed on public works other than the proper police duties of the prisons or camps where they are confined they will be allowed compensation from eh prison fund as follows: Mechanics, 10 cents per day and laborers 5 cents per day, which will be placed to their credit in the hands of the commanding officer, or officer holding prisoners'; money. This allowance may be paid in tobacco to those who prefer it, and for this purpose the commanding officer is authorized to direct the purchase of tobacco in small quantities from time to time with the prison fund.

II. Payments for services as above authorized will be made on the 10th, 20th, and last day of the month by the commissary of subsistence, on the certificate of the officer under whose direction the services are rendered, approved by the commanding officer, and on the receipt of

