
that for the present no more discharges will be granted; but those who do not wish to be sent South for exchange may make application to you to that effect, and you will please forward to this office semimonthly, or oftener, rolls of all such applicants giving the rank, regiment, and company, when and where captured, and in the column of remarks such other particulars as on examination you may think necessary to a proper understanding of the case. Cases which you may deem of an extraordinary character may be presented separately. No prisoner of war who has made application to be released, or who desires to remain North, will be sent South for exchange unless under orders from his office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. LODOR,

Captain, Fourth Arty., Assistant to Commissary- General of Prisoners.

NASHVILLE, June 13, 1864.

Colonel JOSEPH HOLT, Judge- Advocate- General:

Can you give me any information as to the case of Frank Gurley, sent to the President in January, 1864! The brothers, relations, and friends of General R. L. McCook are very anxious to hear.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HUNTER BROOKE.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 14, 1864- 3 p. m.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN, Columbus, Ohio:

Hobson; 's conduct in surrendering and taking a hot- haste parole has an exceedingly suspicious appearance. Please ascertain if he should not be arrested and tried.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

JUDGE- ADVOCATE- GENERAL'S OFFICE, June 14, 1864.

Major HUNTER BROOKE, Judge- Advocate:

MAJOR: In reply to your telegram of yesterday I have to state that a report from this office in the case of Frank Gurely was transmitted to the President on the 11th of March. it is understood that his decision has been made, but as it has not yet been promulgated I am not authorized to communicate it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.
HDQRS. DEPT OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., June 14, 1864.

Brigadier General J. H. WINDER,

Charleston, S. C., Numbers 6 Montague Street:

GENERAL: I am instruted by the major- general commanding to inform you that, by the inclosed copy of an intercepted letter,* you will

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

