
find that the prisoners en route to Andersonville have been buoyed up with the hopes of a speedy delivery from incarceration. It might be well to inform them that these plans have been discovered, and that any attempt of the enemy in their direction will be a failure, whilst any endeavor on their part to participate in these plans would most certainly result in bloodshed and loss to themselves.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JUNE 15, 1864. - For Schimmelfenning to Foster, inclosing communications from Ripley and Jones of June 13, in relation to placing Union officers in Charleston, S. C., under the fire of Foster's guns, see Series I, Vol. XXXV, Part II, p. 131.]

HOUSTON, June 15, 1864.

Lieutenant C. P. SMITH, Commanding post, Anderson:

The major-general commanding, learning that the upper room to the jail at Anderson has been finished, and that the political prisoners, with the exception of Zinke and Gildart, have been placed in said room, directs me to say that he does not wish any distinction made in the treatment of those men, but wishes them all placed in the upper room where they can have the benefit of ventilation, if their safe- keeping will permit of it.

L. G. ALDRICH,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., June 16, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, U. S. Army,

Chief of Staff of Armies of the United States:

GENERAL; I think the cruel determination of the rebels to place our officers in Charleston under our fire is an evidence of their vindictive weakness and of the destruction that the city is sustaining from our fire. This last is not so much from actual demolition as from the depopulation and desolation. private letters speak of this and of the grass growing in the streets. I hope the President will decide to retaliate in the manner proposed. I inclose some late files of rebel papers.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, June 16, 1864- 2 a. m.

(Received 9 a. m.)

E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Vallandigham is in Ohio. He makes a speech at Dayton to- day. What is the pleasure of the President and War Department in the matter! Answer soon.

JOHN BROUGH.

