
WAR DEP[ARTMENT, Washington City, June 16, 1864.

Governor BROUGH, Columbus, Ohio:

Your telegram received. The president is absent to- day, and I do not know his views. My own opinion is that it was the duty of Major-General Heintzelman, commanding the department, to have arrested Vallandingham at all hazards, if it took the whole force of his command; but he is proving unequal to his station. What do you think should be done! The President will desire to know your opinion.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, June 16, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

General Heintzelman is at Indianapolis; is expected here to- night; will probably take action on the matter. I send you by mail to- day copy of the speech at Hamilton, which you notice is open and defiant. I do not see that the President needs my counsel. The only open question is whether the sentence of the court in this case shall be enforced or set at naught. He must decide that. The arrest can be made if directed without any serious trouble.

JOHN BROUGH.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 16, 1864- 6 p. m.

Governor BROUGH, Columbus, Ohio:

Mr. Seward opposes any action gains Vallandigham. No orders will be given upon the subject until the President's return to- morrow.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[JUNE 16, 1864- For Foster to Halleck (two letters) and Foster to Jones, on the subject of retaliation for the exposure of Union officers to the fire of Foster's artillery, see Series I, Vol. XXXV, Part II, pp. 134, 135, 141.]

C. S. MILITARY PRISONS, Macon, Ga., June 16, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: On assuming command of these prisons, June 2, 1864*, I had the honor to state:

It is plain that any officer who is expected to command this military prison, the most important in the Confederacy, as being composed of officers only must be of rank to command at least the officers of the guard furnished him. * * * In the event of attempted outbreak or other trouble I respectfully ask who commands the prison guard!

The latter contingency has occurred, resulting in the death of one officer, a prisoner. Timely notice saved, doubtless, the lives of 1,000 prisoners, and perhaps a few of us. Most of these officers are known to be intelligent, some fearless, many desperate, and all are of more or less notoriety- I had almost said distinction. The question is still unsettled, and again I respectfully ask who commands the prison guard, myself or the lieutenant- colonel of "reserves" or "militia!" Having

---------------

*Assigned May 25, 1864, by par. XXVIII, S. O. Numbers 21, A.

and I. G. O.

---------------

