
had some military experience as colonel of a regiment in the field, I hope I may be excused for expressing strongly my disinclination to serve under such officers.

The prisons are still without a medical officer or quartermaster.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. C. GIBBS,

Captain of Infantry, C. S. Army, Commanding Prisons.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS POST, Richmond, June 25, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

Captain Gibbs is personally known to me, having served under my command for some time. He is a most efficient officer and peculiarly suited for the position he now holds

Captain Gibbs served on the field as colonel of the Forty- second North Carolina Troops for nearly two years, and, as I understand, resigned on account of the objection of North Carolina troops to serving under officers from other States. I respectfully recommend that Captain Gibbs be given his former rank in the Provisional Army, and at once settle the matter of rank at the post where he now commands. I can conscientiously commend this officer to the consideration of the Government.

W. M. GARDNER,Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT,Richmond, June 28, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Adjutant and Inspector General, requesting attention to remarks of Brigadier-General Gardner. Action should be taken in this case without delay.

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant- General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY STATION,Alton, Ill,. June 17, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary- General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have respectfully to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 10th instant in relation to the employment of Sisters of Charity at the prison hospital by orders of Colonel Sweet, meaning well, and advising me that their continued employment is not approved. I have therefore notified them that their services would be dispensed with at the end of the present month. I feel that I ought in justice to these persons to express my conviction that the impression under which you write, that they carry information to and from prisoners which is contraband, is not well founded. In pursuance of your request I forward herewith a list of the articles purchased to furnish the house occupied by the sisters. I presume that most of the articles may be used in furnishing the new hospital in process of erection in the prison yard. *

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. T. COPELAND,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*List omitted.

---------------

