
which condition alone I was authorized to make the acknowledgment and allowance of the paroles above mentioned.

I am, major, very respectfully,

C. C. DWIGHT,

Colonel and Commissioner of Exchange.

RED RIVER LANDING, June 17, 1864.

Colonel C. C. DWIGHT, Commissioner of Exchange, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: I regret as well as you do that I am not clothed with authority which justifies me in carrying out your understanding relative to the delivery on parole of the excess of prisoners in the hands of Major-General Taylor captured from he army of Major-General Banks. From your part acknowledgment of the justice of recognizing and accounting for the prisoners of war paroled at Brashear City I cannot doubt that your military authorities will concur in your opinion based upon the facts to which you refer in your communication of to- day, and that an early adjustment will be had of the matter at issue.

The suspension of the question of recognition of the Brashear prisoners will not interfere with the exchange agreed upon by us on the 31st of May, 1864.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILL. M. LEVY,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

RED RIVER LANDING, June 17, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that I am bearer of dispatches from General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army. They relate to the subject of exchange of prisoners in the Trans- Mississippi Department.

In order to facilitate negotiations and effect with greater care and celerity the object of my mission, I have to suggest that a personal interview may be accorded me.

Awaiting your answer at Doctor Smith's plantation near Hog Point, below ed River Landing,

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IG. SZYMANSKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Agent of Exchange,

Trans- Mississippi Department.

P. S. - Colonel C. C. Dwight, U. S. Volunteers, has taken charge of the dispatches above referred to.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS- MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., June 6, 1864.

The Commanding GENERAL U. S. FORCES, DEPT. OF THE GULF:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward this by Major Ig. Szymanski, who is the accredited agent of exchange of the Confederate States for this department.

Major Szymanski is fully authorized to arrange a cartel for the exchange of prisoners, which shall be general throughout that portion of the Trans- Mississippi Department in which your troops are serving. I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General, Commanding.

