
[inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS- MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., June 6, 1864.

The Commanding GENERAL U. S . FORCES, DEPT. OF THE GULF:

GENERAL: I learn in the evacuation of the Red River Valley by the U. S. forces that many Confederate citizens, non- combatants, and engaged in peaceful occupations, were carried off from their homes as prisoners of war by the forces under command of General Banks.

I cannot believe that a course so directly in violation of the usages of civilized warfare meets your sanction, or has been done with your knowledge, and trust that it will be only necessary to bring this matter to your notice to have the,u,&lt;, released and sent within our lines. *

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General, Commanding.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., June 17, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Governor Morton requests me to give publicity on Monday to the documents of the secret treasonable order, as a warning to the people of its nature. I have purposely kept them secret, the better to undermine their operations and to enable the Government to have proof ample, if they should conclude to make simultaneous arrests of the leaders in the various Western States. I was a week at louisville, and find the condition of affairs so precarious that I do not feel authorized to do anything that can precipitate disturbance in the rear of our armies. It is a question in my mind whether if published it should not be done by the Government, so that if it concludes not to rearrest Vallandingham it may with its clemency show that it has knowledge of the whole conspiracy. The documents referred to are the secret forms of all the degrees of February 22, and the new work recently issued, also the constitution of the supreme councils of the United States, of State grand councils and county temples, also address of grand commander communicating to the order Vallandigham's views and wishes. The publishing office of the order for the United States is here, and its seizure would disclose other papers. An official of the order, in their full confidence, but in my employ, will attend the session of the supreme council at Chicago, july 4, it having been adjourned from New York, February 22. Vallandigham last night, at Dayton, defied arrest, declared the person and property of all instigators to be hostages for his security, and he would urge "eye for eye, and tooth for tooth, so help him the ever living Jehovah!" I speak judiciously in saying that this matter is worthy the grave consideration of the President, his Cabinet, and the General- in- Chief, and that the contingency of grave domestic issues is possible. Governors Bramlette and Morton, and Generals Rosecrans and Geintzelman, have concurred in the policy of secrecy, with a view to contemporaneous arrests. The last named left for his headquarters last night, and will mail my last report of june 6, which he was prevented from doing earlier by condition of affairs at Cincinnati during Morgan's raid. I address you without intermediate channels as more direct, and believing that I should not act in a matter that may possibly be of serious moment without the full knowledge and sanction of the Government.

HENRY B. CARRINGTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

---------------

*For reply see Series I, Vol. XXXIV, Part IV, p. 451.

---------------

