
TYLER, June 17, 1864.

General J. B. MAGRUDER, Galveston:

Your dispatch received. General Boggs sent me a verbal message that probably 1,000 prisoners would be ordered to Alexandria for exchange, and half the rest would go to Hempstead and half remain at Tyler. With those going toward Hempstead a strong guard should be sent- from 300 to 500 men. Transportation her is insufficient. not a wagon to spare. I must impress teams to-morrow to keep up subsistence.

T. SCOTT ANDERSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 45. Andersonville, Ga., June 17, 1864.

In obedience to orders from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office the undersigned assumes command at this post. All returns and reports will be made accordingly.

Captain W. S. Winder, assistant adjutant- general; Lieutenant R. W. Brown, aide- de- camp; Lieutenant S. B. Davis, assistant adjutant and inspector general.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

OFFICE PROVOST- MARSHAL OF PRISONERS,

ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,

Rock Island, Ill., June 18, 1864.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON,

Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post:

COLONEL: I have the honor very respectfully to report the police condition of prison and prison hospital for the week ending to- day as follows: The grounds and external surroundings are in good condition. The interior of prison and hospital barracks, since having been whitewashed, are clean and light. The kitchens, being often thoroughly scrubbed and frequently inspected, a re well kept. The bedding of the prisoners consists of their blankets only, averaging about one to each man, which they are compelled to hang out in the air every day. Their bunks are thoroughly scrubbed twice a week, and the personal condition of the prisoners is good. The hospital is well supplied with good iron cots, mattresses, sheets, pillows, blankets, &amp;c. The kitchen arrangement is excellent and skillfully managed, and the general condition of the prison department is good.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CARAHER,

Lieutenant- Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps,

Provost- Marshal of Prisoners.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,Rock Island, Ill., June 25, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel William Hoffman, Commissary- General of Prisoners, with the following remark: After careful inspection of the prison and prison hospital I fully concur with the within report.

A. J. JOHNSON,

Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding post.

