HDQRS. DEPT OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., June 18, 1864.

General E. P. SCAMMON:

GENERAL: Your note of yesterday was handed to me to- day. I am sorry to hear that your health is so bad, and would gladly do anything in my power to contribute to your relief, but I have no authority to permit you to leave the Confederate States and go north for the purpose of effecting an exchange. Your Government does not grant that privilege to our officers held as prisoners of war, but has, it seems to me, thrown obstacles in the way of a fair exchange. I will, however, forward your note to the War Department, with a favorable indorsement, for such action as it may think proper.

I directed my inspector- general to say to you, two or three days since, that I would do all in my power to aid you in effecting an exchange. Perhaps you may accomplish something toward that end through Major-General Foster, commanding U. S . forces on this coast. Any communication you desire to make to or through him will be forwarded under flag of truce, and hope you may be successful in your effort. In the meantime everything shall be done that can be consistently with your position to contribute to your comfort and restoration to health.

Very respectfully, and truly,

[SAM. JONES,

Major-General.]

ANDERSONVILLE, June 18, 1864.

General B. BRAGG:

The force here is 2,867, present and absent, all reserves but 371; 1,462 for duty. Our force ought to be doubled. I shall see General Cobb to- morrow abut more serves and will write by mail.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

R. F. Baldwin, surgeon, Provisional Army, C. S ., asks to whom the funds of a deceased Federal should be turned over. *

[Indorsement.]

JUNE 18, 1864.

Returned to Medical Director Carrington. I see no objection to the confiscation for hospital purposes.

[RO. OULD.]
HEADQUARTERS, Washington, June 19, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War authorizes you to exchange any prisoners of war now in your hands, rank for rank, or their equivalents, as fixed by the cartel; such exchange being a special one.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK.

---------------

*Baldwin's letter not found.

---------------

