HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New orleans, La., June 19, 1864.

General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Commanding Trans- Mississippi Department, Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 6th instant, forwarded through Major Szymanski, announcing that that officer is authorized to arrange a cartel for the exchange of prisoners, which shall be general throughout that portion of the Trans- Mississippi Department in which the U. S . troops are serving.

In reply I have the honor to inform you that Colonel C. C. Dwight has been directed by me to conduct the necessary negotiations on the part of the United States Government, and has been clothed with full authority in the premises.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[JUNE 19, 1864. - For Canby to Smith, in regard to the arrest of certain non- combatants in the neighborhood of Alexandria, La., see Series I, Vol. XXXIV, Part IV, p. 451.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 19, 1864.

Surg. C. T. ALEXANDER,

Acting Medical Inspector of Prisoners of War,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: You will proceed without delay to make an inspection of the sanitary condition of the prisoners of war at Fort Warren, Fort Lafayette, Fort Delaware, and Point Lookout. Inspect the hospitals, barracks, clothing, general police, and all things upon which the good health of the command depends and make a detailed report of the condition of each post. Examine particularly into the management of the hospital fund and report how far the regulations issued from this office for the government of hospitals are observed. See that the savings are economically made, that the fund is judiciously expended, and that the hospitals are provided with all necessary clothing for the sick, bedding, and furniture.

Direct such reforms in the administration of the hospital service as you may deem necessary to promote the welfare of the sick. Any extension or improvement of hospital accommodations which you may consider advisable you will report in detail, with an estimate of the cost, for the approval of this office.

]This service will be performed with as much dispatch as practicable, and you will then report in person at this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary- General of Prisoners.

