
OFFICE COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., June 20, 1864.

Major STEPHEN CABOT,

Commanding Fort Warren, Boston Harbor, Mass.:

MAJOR: The five rebel officers who were in November last ordered from Camp Douglas, Ill., to Fort Warren to be held in close confinement may now be released from their close confinement and be placed on the same footing as other prisoners of war. Some of them were very troublesome at Camp Douglas, and I therefore desire you will have them closely observed, and if they indicate the same disposition at Fort Warren return those so offending to close confinement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary- General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Camp Chase, near Columbus, Ohio, June 20, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary- General of Prisoners, Washington City, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that we have the new prison inclosed, parapet completed, wells and sinks finished. The prisoners will be removed to it in the morning and will be temporarily in tents, for we have to use the old buildings and fence in erecting the new ones. The quartermaster has on hand a large number of wall- tents, very good ones, which we will use until the barracks are built. With the amount of prison labor we have I think the whole will be completed within ten days. We can now safely keep a much larger number of prisoners than we have ever had at this pot. The capacity of the prison will, when completed, be about 7,000, but a larger number might be kept if necessary. I have adopted a plan for sinks by which the contents will be discharged outside the prison and can be kept thoroughly washed and clean at all times. If you desire it I will report the particulars in regard to this matter. I have worked a large force (not prisoners) in constructing drains by which the prisons and camp will be thoroughly drained and one of the greatest inconveniences at this post avoided. I am also about changing the form of the camp, putting the barracks on three sides of a square, rendering it more compact and easily guarded. Heretofore it has been impossible with the garrison stationed at this post to keep up a camp guard, but with the change I am making it will be easily done. Hoping my action will meet with your approval,

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty- fifth Ohio Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT MARY'S DISTRICT,Point Lookout, Md., June 20, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary- General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit herewith such evidence as I have been able to obtain concerning the shooting cases referred to in Surgeon Thompson's letter to you of May 31, 1864.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. P. BUFFUM,

Lieutenant Colonel Fourth Rhode Island Vols., Commanding District.

