
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

PRISONERS' CAMP, Point Lookout, April 19, 1864.

Captain W. A. CRAFTS, Commanding Camp:

SIR: I respectfully submit a report of the shooting case near my tent last night, and beg leave to express the hope that the case will be investigated and steps taken to preserve us against the vindictiveness of certain of the colored troops who guard us, and our lives be given all the protection consistent with good discipline. About two months ago Captain Patterson ordered that each company should have a tub, to be used at night for sink purposes, and I obtained one for my tent and those standing near it. This tub has been used almost every night since it has been there, and is put out conspicuously in front expressly to prevent accident. Last night when the man who was shot came out of his camp tent the guard was just in front of it, and, I imagine, must have seen the man preparing to sit down, for between the man's coming out of the tent and being shot the guard did not walk more than twenty or thirty paces. The man had scarcely sat down when, without a word, the guard turned and fired. The animus of the guard is manifest from his having two bullets in his gun. This statement can be substantiated by full testimony. I beg leave to extend this report that you may know what steps to take toward that protection which I ask in the name of the camp. Both the conduct and conversation of the colored men evidence that there is a sort of rivalry among them to distinguish themselves by shooting some of us. The one who does so gains an eclat which the others envy; and animated frequently by vindictive feelings, they make pretexts to vent them. The existence of this latter motive is sufficiently proven by the fact that the patrols often make men who leave their tents for imperative reasons come to them, and keep them some time, tantalizing them with threats. I respectfully suggest that the protection we so solicit can only be secured by denying these men discretionary powers and confining them imperatively within their orders. I feel it my duty to say thus much.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LAIRD,

Sergeant- Major of Camp.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded.

From what I can learn I have every reason to believe that the within statement of Mr. Laird, who has been acting as sergeant- major at this camp for a long time, is correct.

Very respectfully,

W. A. CRAFTS,

Captain and Assistant Provost- Marshal.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

POINT LOOKOUT, MD., April 22, 1864.

Corpl. Miles James' Statement.

I was corporal of the relief which was on duty at the time the prisoner was shot. I heard the report of the gun and immediately proceeded to the sentinel that shot the prisoner. He told me where the man was sitting when he shot him. I went to the place. There was no tub there at the time, but when I went there the next morning there had been a tub put where the man was shot.

MILES JAMES,

Corporal of the Guard.

