
[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

CAMP THIRTY- SIXTH U. S . COLORED TROOPS,

Point Lookout, Md., April 22, 1864.

Colonel A. G. DRAPER, Commanding District of Saint Mary's:

SIR; In compliance with orders from you I hereby make the following statement in regard to the shooting of a prisoner of war at point Lookout, Md., by a sentinel of the provost guard: I was at he guard- house at the time the shot was fired. I heard the report and immediately proceeded to where the report came from. I saw the sentinel who fired the gun. He told me that he had shot one of the prisoners for refusing to obey the orders which he was instructed to enforce, which was to allow no nuisance to be committed except in the tubs.

Very respectfully,

EDWIN C. GASKILL,

Second Lieutenant 36th U. S . Colored Troops, Lieutenant of the Guard.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

POINT LOOKOUT, April 22, 1864.

Captain W. A. CRAFTS,

Assistant Provost- Marshal, Commanding Prisoners of War Camp:

SIR: I respectfully submit a report of the conduct of the patrols of the camp, last night, feeling impelled to it by the exigency of the case. What the causes of firing were I am not able to ascertain, but the disposition of the patrols may be evidenced by the following facts, which can be substantiated, viz: In Company H, Fifth Division, one of the men lying in his tent remarked t a comrade, "You are pulling the cover off me," whereupon he was ordered out of the tent, and compelled to come out by threats to shoot into the tent in case of noncompliance. having come out he was made trouble- quick from the center ditch to the bay fence and back. A similar case occurred in Company E, Fourth Division, for the remark, " I have not bee asleep for two hours. " In Company H, Fifth Division, a man while lying in his tent was s truck slightly on the foot, the ball having before entering his tent passed through the one next above it. In CompanY H, Fourth Division, a man was very painfully wounded in the foot while lying in this tent. All those occurrences at or about 12 p. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LAIRD,

Sergeant- Major of Camp.

[Indorsement.]

ASSISTANT PROVOST- MARSHAL'S OFFICE, April 22, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

I believe the within statement to be mainly correct.

W. A. CRAFTS,

Captain and Assistant provost- Marshal.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

PRISONERS OF WAR CAMP HOSPITAL,

Point Lookout, Md., May 31, 1864.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary- General of Prisoners:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 29th of May, requesting the names and circumstances attending the shooting of prisoners of war previous to the

