HDQRS. DEPT OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., june 20, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary- General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: On my arrival here this morning I received your communications by telegraph and mail. I telegraphed you in answer as far as I am able at present. In regard to Richardson's case, I offered to Mr. Ould Mr. Hambleton, of Atlanta, Ga., in exchange for Mr. Richardson. This Mr. Ould declined to accept. I then requested him to name some person held by U. S. authorities for whom he would exchange Mr. Richardson. He said he could not name one at that time, but would think of it. He further stated that if our authorities were willing to release and deliver all citizens and non- combatant prisoners held by us he would do the same. At my next interview I shall learn something more definite on this subject, and will at once communicate it to you. I have called for the paperers in the cases of Noel and Dent, also in the cases of Turley and Harris, and will inform you in regard to them soon. The references for information I will attend to and return to you promptly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO E. MOLFORD,

Major and Assistant Agent for Exchange.

ANDERSONVILLE, June 20, 1864.

General BRAGG:

Upon assuming command I ordered measures to bring in every man not with his regiment. Whether they can be brought in or not cannot tell. Even were they all present, the force is entirely inadequate to guard 24,000 prisoners, daily increasing. General Cobb cannot give me a man. Measles and whooping cough prevailing in command.

J. H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

CHIEF SURGEON'S OFFICE,

Andersonville, Ga., June 20, 1864.

Captain HAMMOND:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the sanitary condition of C. S. prison at Andersonville, Ga.:

Your inspection of the prison has no doubt convinced you of the too crowded condition of the prisoners within the stockade, which, combined with the absence of barrack accommodation, is a prolific source of disease. The arrangements for the enforcing of proper regulations for cleanliness of the camp are in progress. The hospital, up to the 22nd ultimo, was located within the stockade, here it was impossible to provide the sick with the necessary comforts. The supply of tents has never been adequate to accommodate the number of sick. . The present site of the hospital affords a fine shade and a good supply of water for drinking and cleanliness.

The area is a parallelogram whose sides are 260 and 340 feet. There are 209 tents of all kinds, the majority of which are small picket- tents and tent- flies, illy adapted to hospital purposes. The capacity consistent with comfort does not exceed 800 men, but in consequence of an inadequate

