
supply, they have been compelled to accommodate 1,020 of the worst cases. They are now so crowded as to render it necessary to refuse admission to many cases who cannot be treated with success in the kind of quarters occupied by inmates of the prison. Two hundred hospital tents are required to accommodate the present and daily increasing number of sick. Delay in obtaining medical supplies frequently arises in consequence of the requisitions being required to be sent to the medical director of hospitals at Atlanta for approval, whilst the supplies are drawn from Macon, Ga., only sixty miles distant. I would suggest for the consideration of the proper authority the propriety of permitting the medical purveyor at Macon to issue on requisition of the chief surgeon of post, approved by the commanding officer. The supply of medicines is not at all times equal to the demand. Being the deficiencies which occur cannot be promptly met in consequence of the delay which arises from sending requisitions to Atlanta for approval and awaiting their return.

The report of sick and wounded for the month of April exhibits a ration per 1,000 of mean strength, 306. 1 cases treated, and 57,6 deaths. May, 640. 33 cases treated, and 47. 3 deaths.

The daily ratio per 1,000 of mean strength for the twenty days of present month has been 1 5/7 deaths, which taken as an average for the thirty days would make 51. 4 deaths per 1,000 of mean strength for month of June.

The morning report of C. S. prison shows: Remaining in hospital, 1,022; in quarters, 2,665; deaths, 40; strength of command, 23,911.

The number of medical officers on duty at the prison is inadequate to perform the duties required of them. There are in all twelve, seven of whom attend sick- call and five on duty at hospital; of this number five are employed by contract. I would suggest that the medical force be increased by ten additional officers.

Respectfully submitted.

ISAIAH H. WHITE,

Chief Surgeon.

QUARTERMASTER- GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., June 21, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary- General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I inclose a copy of a letter received from Doctor Ellerslie Wallace, of Philadelphia, in behalf of a sub- committee of the Sanitary Commission, asking for certain information in reference to the treatment of rebels held by the United States as prisoners of war. I will thank you to furnish me with the information necessary fully to answer the questions of the committee, and particularly with copies of any official orders bearing upon the subject.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster- General.

[Inclosure.]

277 SOUTH FOURTH STREET, Philadelphia, June 20, 1864.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS, Quartermaster- General:

SIR: A commission was recently appointed by the U. S. Sanitary Commission to take testimony in relation to the condition and treatment of union men, prisoners of war, by the rebels, and of rebels, prisoners

