
of war, in our hands. In the name and at the request of this commission I take the liberty of addressing you, hoping that you will deem it proper to aid us by granting us the information asked for bellow. We are very desirous to have these points from official authority or we would not trouble you, and if you will favor us with an answer, or direct some one of your subordinates to do so, we shall be under much personal as well as general obligation to you.

First. What are the rations furnished by the United States Government to the rebel prisoners, their quality and quantity.! Second. Does the United States Government supply them with needful clothing and blankets! Third. Does the united States Government or its officials deprive them of fire in their prisons during the season when fires are needed, as in the late fall, winter, and early spring! Fourth. Are any of them denied shelter, by day or night, during the inclement and cold season! Fifth. Have orders at any time been issued to shoot the prisoners who may be at the windows or near them in their rooms! Have any ever been shot or shot at thus! Sixth. What provisions does our Government make for the care and treatment of wounded and sick rebel prisoners (or is it similar to that made for our own men)! Seventh. Did General Butler in the early part of this year offer exchange of prisoners, man for man, of those confined at point Lookout or elsewhere!

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELLERSLIE WALLACE.

In behalf of Dr. Valentine Mott, of New York; Dr. Delafiedl, of New York; Mr. Gouvr. M. Wilkins, of New york; Rev. Treadwell Walden, of Philadelphia; Honorable J. J. Clark Hare, of Philadelphia; Dr. E. Wallace, of Philadelphia, commissioners.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE 864.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary of Prisoners:

COLONEL: In addition to the five general officers, as directed yesterday, you will turn over to Major Strong for transportation to the Department of the South forty- five field officers, rebel prisoners of war.

H. W. HALLECK,Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[JUNE 21, 1864. - For Halleck to Burbridge, in relation to paroles given by General Hobson and his staff, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p. 134.]

[JUNE 21, 1864. - For Halleck to Foster, in regard to the confinement of Union officers in that part of Charleston, S. C., exposed to the fire of Foster's batteries and directing retaliatory measures, &c., see Series I, Vol. XXXV, Part II, p. 143.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., June 21, 1864.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: General E. K. Smith has proposed general exchange of prisoners held by both armies in the Trans- Mississippi Department and

