
WASHINGTON, June 21, 1864.

Colonel C. W. HILL,

Commanding Johnson's Island, Sandusky, Ohio:

Forward immediately to Fort Delaware, under safe guard, Brigadier General J. J. Archer, a prisoner of war in your charge. Let him have communication with no person by the way. Report when he will leave.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary- General of Prisoners.

FORT WARREN, Boston harbor, june 21, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington City:

DEAR SIR; Some fourteen months since, whilst on a visit to my family, and under orders of the Secretary of War at Richmond, I was arrested by your forces, and after spending some time in various military prisons in close confinement was sent to Fort Mc Henry for trial. I was there tried before a military commission and sentenced to close confinement in this fort (I have learned through the papers) for fifteen years, the facts of which I have never been officially notified. When I entered the Confederate service I accepted the position with all its responsibilities, and it is not now the purpose of this letter to either recapitulate the proceedings of that court or to animadvert upon the manner in which the trial was conducted. The archives of your Department will readily furnish you all the particulars. Suffice it to say I am now expiating my alleged offense in close confinement here, and already (though but fourteen months of my time have been spent in close confinement) it is telling upon my health and spirits. I have a large family, an except during the period of the brief visit before mentioned I have been separated for over three years. The uncertainties as to their future, conjoined to the worry of mind incident to my own helpless condition here, is rapidly sapping my vital powers. The object of this letter is to ask for a commutation of my sentence, say to expatriation from the country to any neutral territory, Canada or any of the South American Republics, under such restrictions as you may deem proper, for the faithful performance of which I will give security (if desired). I furthermore would ask for a passport for my wife and youngest child to accompany me. If my sentence is of such a character as not to admit of any change I would respectfully ask for a permit for my wife to visit me at this post for the purpose of conferring together about the ways and means of my family. This cannot be done by correspondence. The limits of our letters are prescribed so as to render it impossible to enter into such details as to enable us properly to provide for their wants. if my first request is not favorably entertained by you, the second granted, a small boon as it is, I feel confident will not be denied me (my wife to visit me), I shall then be prepared for tranquillity, not otherwise; the visit and stay of my wife to be regulated by yourself. I solicit as early a response as the multiplicity of business will permit.

I am, sir, yours, most obediently,

THOS. D. ARMESY,

Major, C. S. Army.

