
within the district now commanded by Major-General Canby, and from those longest held as prisoners of war in the hands of General Smith, a number equivalent to officers and men of the following captures made by the forces of the United States, without exception, from the forces now under the command of General Smith, viz:

The Louisiana brigade captured at Vicksburg and paroled, numbering about 2,000. I will furnish the U. S. authorities the rolls of the officers and men who are exchanged by this agreement.

The captures at Helena, Ark., sent to prisons at the North, numbering about 800.

The captures lately made by major-General Steele, or by officers under his command, from the forces of General Smith.

The exchange to be made at Red River Landing. La., or at such other point as shall be agreed upon.

The U. S . prisoners delivered at Red River Landing. La., on June 17, 1864, are to be counted for their equivalents in exchange for the Louisiana brigade of the Vicksburg capture, the remainder to be exchanged, man for man, on the spot.

The question relative to the capturing of non- combatants, not having elicited thus far any answer, is reiterated.

It is understood that in case the louisiana brigade of the Vicksburg capture, now within the Trans- MississippI Department, should be exchanged by th agent of exchange at Richmond, Va., pending these negotiations, the above propositions in regard thereto to be considered as withdrawn.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IG. SZYMANSKI,

Asst. Adjt. General and Agent of Exchange, Trans- Mississippi Dept.

ANDERSONVILLE, June 21, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Do earnestly urge upon the Secretary the necessity of immediately establishing another prison. Want of provisions is a serious matter, and there are too many prisoners for one point. Union Springs, Ala., is represented as a suitable place.

J. H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

MACON, June 21, 1864.

General B. BRAGG:

General Jones being absent, I proceeded on receipt of your telegram of 15th instant to inspect prison depot at Andersonville. number of prisoners at depot on 20th instant was 23,951. The guard, commanded at present by Colonel J. H. Fannin, First Georgia Reserves, consist of four regiments State reserves, a detachment from Fifty- fifth Georgia Volunteers, and Dyke's Florida battery, the aggregate effective strength being 1,588. The reserve troops are poorly instructed and without discipline. The prison camp is surrounded by a stockade seventeen feet high, and covers an area of sixteen acres and a half, only twelve acres of which can be occupied. It is crowded, filthy, and insecure. An addition now being made will give ample room. Rations issued to prisoners the same in quality and quantity as those issued to the guard. Average rate of mortality during present month has been thirty- six

