
per diem. The guard should be strengthened by the addition of at least 1,500 men. Additional surgeons and 150 hospital tents are immediately needed.

W. M. HAMMOND,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS POST, Numbers 48. Andersonville, Ga., June 21, 1864.

I. The commanding officers of regiments and detachments on duty at this post will proceed to establish their camps and regulate their guard in accordance with the Army Regulations.

II. The attention of all officers is especially called to the duties of guards and sentinels, as they will be held strictly responsible for all escapes and difficulties arising from the failure of an intelligent and rigid performance of duty on the part of troops acting under their commands.

III. All camps will be thoroughly policed each day, and the commanding officer of troops occupying each camp will be held responsible for the condition of the same.

IV. No company will be left under any circumstances without one commissioned officer.

V. Officers are required to quarter with their commands, and not to leave the limits of camp without the knowledge and consent of their immediate superior officer commanding.

VI. Not more than five men to a company, under any circumstances, will be permitted to be absent from the limits of camp at one time, and then never more distant than a mile. The officers must be satisfied before permission is given at all.

VII. All persons are strictly prohibited from trading with the prisoners. Citizens detected violating this order will have their articles seized and confiscated, and soldiers will be promptly and severely punished.

VIII. The general commanding trusts that an entire observance and a cheerful and prompt obedience to the foregoing orders and regulations on the part of the troops under his command, and the people whose interests they are sent here to protect, will render it unnecessary to inflict any penalty for their violation.

By order of Brigadier General John H. Winder;

W. S. WINDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HOUSTON, June 21, 1864.

Major-General MAGRUDER:

Have telegraphed Smith to deliver prisoners to Poole, and for Poole to call on Colonel Gillespie for aid if needed.

A. C. JONES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

ANDERSON, TEX., June 21, 1864.

Captain E. P. TURNER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Eight o'clock last night it was rumored a mob was near this place. At 9 o'clock a man calling himself Captain Poole demanded five of the

