
political prisoners, with order from you. Circumstances induced me to suspect its genuineness, consequently refused to deliver them until further orders.

C. P. SMITH,

Lieutenant, Commanding post.
HEADQUARTERS FORT DELAWARE, DEL., June 22, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Commissary- General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: The suggestions and plan of new barracks are excellent and entirely satisfactory to me, and I would respectfully recommend their adoption and very early construction. I had anticipated you views in reference to having the infantry officers outside with their regiment and have also established several other precautions against the possible mutiny of the prisoners.

I am, colonel, reference, your obedient servant,

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[JUNE 22, 1864. - For Foster to Halleck, inclosing list of union officers placed under fire in Charleston, S. C., see Series I, Vol. XXXV, Part II, p. 144.]

[JUNE 22, 1864. - For Jones to Foster, in regard to the confinement under fire of both Union and Confederate officers as a retaliatory measure, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. LIII, p. 104.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., June 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel S. EASTMAN,

Commanding Draft Rendezvous, Elmira, N. Y.:

COLONEL: By direction of the Secretary of War the barracks (Numbers 3.) at Elmira will be prepared to receive prisoners of war according to the instructions contained in my letter of the 19th ultimo. In establishing the fence it is advisable, if practicable, to inclose ground enough to accommodate in barracks and tents 10,000 prisoners. Please report in detail what will be necessary to the place in condition for this service, including tents fort he guard, tents for prisoners, kitchens for prisoners, which should be fitted up with Farmer's boilers, of from 30 to 120 gallons, according to convenience, &c., giving, as far as practicable, the cost.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

MILITARY PRISON, Johnson's Island, june 22, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS, New Orleans, La.:

By letters received from New Orleans we learn that several officers surrendered at port Hudson, with others, were recently sent from New

