
Orleans to Pascagoula for exchange. Supposing that no special reason exists for the delivery of a part that does not apply to all of the Port Hudson prisoners, we beg leave in their behalf to call your attention to the case. The day after the surrender you will remember that you voluntarily paroled the rank and file, and expressed regret that peremptory orders forbade an extension of like favor to the officers. But, in consideration of what you were pleased to term a most gallant defense, you assured us that your influence would be used to procure for us a speedy exchange or liberation on parole. When we left New Orleans the 4th of October last newspapers announced the fat, and members of your staff informed us we were going North for exchange. Unfortunately for the interests of humanity the Federal and Confederate commissioners let their official differences of opinion degenerate into a personal quarrel, and a very ill- natured correspondence grew out of it. While these gentlemen were struggling for epistolary notoriety prisoners on both sides suffered, many of them sickened and died. It has so chanced that the fortunes of war within the past few months has placed a number of your officers and men in possession of General E. Kirby Smith. Now, as we were surrendered to you, and in that sense may logically be considered prisoners of your department, can you not procure our delivery for the return of an equivalent of your own recently captured officers! Such exchanges were carried on at City Point up to the opening of the Virginia campaign in May. Why may not the same thing be done in the extreme South! We appeal to you to effect the exchange, not doubting that General Smith will readily concur in it as many now here belong to his department. There are abut 200 of us here at present. The risks of camp pestilence and death- dealing bullets on the field every soldier makes up his mind to encounter, but no one on taking service on either side contemplates the horrible torture of perpetual imprisonment of unfortunately captured. Such a condition of things must shock the moral sense of Christendom. Will you not lend your aid and influence to mitigate this great evil! Inclosed we send you a letter to General E. Kirby Smith. It may be sent to him or any other Confederate officer acting as exchange agent.

We are, very respectfully, your obedient servants,

W. R. MILES,

Colonel Miles' Legion.

I. G. W. STEEDMAN,

Colonel First Regiment Alabama Volunteers.

WM. N. R. BEALL,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.

BEN. W. JOHNSON,

Colonel Fifteenth Arkansas Regiment.

CAMP SUMTER, Andersonville, Ga., June 22, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose an order for the return of Private W. F. Butler to his company. This man is detailed fort he quartermaster at this post and his services are utterly indispensable here. The quartermaster must have some confidential man in his office, otherwise he could do no outdoor work. Having charge of the prison at Macon, as well as this post, he must have some one in the office he can trust. The place of Butler cannot be supplied here, as there is no population in the vicinity, and a haphazard detail will

