
not answer, as the quartermaster must necessarily sometimes trust him with money. I am absolutely obliged to detain this man until you can be heard from, and I earnestly request that the detail be indefinitely made. We want at least two more details, and cannot find any one for the purpose. When the magnitude of the responsibility resting on me is considered, I hope I may have such assistance as I may deem necessary, and I hope it is unnecessary for me to say that I shall ask nothing that is not necessary. We have this morning 24,193 prisoners of war and increasing almost daily, larger than an army corps, and only 1,178 reserves (as raw as troops can be) for guard for all purposes. We have this morning discovered a tunnel under the pickets 14 feet deep and from 90 to 100 feet long. This work will show the desperation of the prisoners, and the breaking out of these prisoners would be more disastrous than a defeat of the army. I forgot to state that the measles and whooping cough has made its appearance among the troops, and it will be impossible to say how far the effective force may be reduced. I earnestly request that an additional force of at least 2,000 men may be immediately sent me. The Government has placed upon me a fearful red I trust there is confidence enough in me to accord to me all I ask for the proper performance of my duties, and request the prompt action of the Secretary in this matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

P. S. - Butler is the only detailed man in the quartermaster's department at this post.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

July 22, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

By order Adjutant and Inspector General:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

JULY 25, 1864.

ADJUTANT- GENERAL:

Detail for sixty days. Advise with General Cobb whether an addition al guard of reserves cannot be sent. The present force is alarmingly small.

J. A. SEDDON.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., June 22, 1864.

Captain JAMES R. CURELL, Mobile:

SIR: Your letter of the 10th instant making certain inquiries has been received.

The subject is one of some difficulty. My view is that the Port Hudson prisoners were declared exchanged by Notice Numbers 7, October 16, 1863. Being exchanged they were then subject to capture, and if they gave a new parole they are bound by it. Such, them, as gave a parole after the date of Exchange Notice Numbers 7 are subject to the conditions

