
of the new parole, provided the Yankees themselves proceeded in the regular way with their captures. The Federals have themselves declared that all prisoners must be delivered at City Point or Vicksburg, unless there is a formal agreement between competent parties to the contrary. They therefore refused to recognize the delivery at Brashear City. No agreement has been made to receive prisoners at Pascagoula by parties competent to enter into any such agreement. My conclusion, therefore, is that the parties you refer to are not bound by their parole, not because the parole is not valid, but because they were not properly delivered. You are aware I resisted this Yankee theory abut delivery at one or the other place, but without avail. We have been compelled to accept the doctrine. The men can be sent to duty, and you will dispose of all similar cases hereafter in the same way. We will try and make the Yankees sick with their own physic. If these men had been delivered at Vicksburg, or if we had agreed to consider Pascagoula as a place of mutual delivery, the case would be otherwise and the paroles would have been binding.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

HOUSTON, June 22, 1864.

General MAGRUDER:

Captain Poole has arrived with prisoners.

A. C . JONES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

HOUSTON, June 22, 1864.

General E. K. SMITH:

(Care H. L. Rankin.)

Very great excitement and indignation at Peebles being sent to the enemy. We pray you to arrest him.

MANY CITIZENS.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS POST, Numbers 49. Andersonville, Ga., June 22, 1864.

Captain W. S. Reed, having reported for duty in accordance with orders from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, is assigned to duty as provost- marshal, and will assume command of the provost guard.

By order of General Winder:

W. S. WINDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., June 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General BURBRIDGE, Lexington, Ky.:

You will exercise your own judgment about arresting and releasing from arrest General Hobson and his officers till your report is received. *

H. W . HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*For dispatch in full see Series I, Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p. 141.

---------------

