
recognize it as a rule by which they will be governed, and I have therefore respectfully to request you will call their attention to the matter at you earliest convenience.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, Va., April 2, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

Unless there are charges against him, will you have James P. Hambleton, of Atlanta, Ga., now confined at Fort Warren, sent to me to offer for exchange for A. D. Richardson, of the New York Tribune? I should like to get him before Thursday next.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST,New York City, April 3, 1864.

Brigadier General E. R. S. CANBY, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 31st of March last in reference to the correspondence concerning exchanges of prisoners. * As stated in my communication of the 5th of March last to the Secretary of War, all of the correspondence relating to exchanges of prisoners prior to the 14th of January, 1863, and much of it from that date to the time I was relieved (the 2nd of August last), does not appear in the publication of the U. S. Senate. I turned over to my successor, Brigadier General S. A. Meredith, on the 2nd day of August last all the books, papers, and correspondence connected with the agency of exchange and took his receipt therefor. I did not preserve copies of all this correspondence, and am therefore unable to comply with the authorization of the Secretary of War given in your communication of the 31st of March last. I am informed that all the books, papers, and correspondence connected with the agency of exchange received from me by General Meredith are in the possession of Major-General Butler or Major-General Hitchcock.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Asst. Inspector-General, Dept. of the East.

HOUSTON, April 3, 1864.

Major J. H. SPARKS, Commanding Officer, Austin:

SIR: Major-General Magruder directs me to inclose you a copy of an order from Lieutenant-General Smith directing the detention of the prisoners by name. This order legalizes your course in detaining and taking into custody these men, issued as it is in conformity with the law of Congress.

---------------

* See Vol. VI, This series, p. 1120.

---------------

