
I beg to suggest that a general rule in regard to this class of prisoners be adopted, and with this view I would recommend that I be authorized and directed to order the families of all men who have taken sides with the enemy from the city of Austin and elsewhere in this district and are now out of the country, except makes above the ages of fifteen years, limiting the time for them to leave to sixty days, by way of Eagle Pass.

These parties can be furnished an escort as far as Eagle Pass to prevent their being molested and to see that they are safely conveyed to that place. They will defray their own expenses. All these people are living post-offices from whom they receive and to whom they send communications. They are defiant in ever respect and should be made to leave the country. In many cases their husbands and relatives are in the service of the enemy and from whom they are receiving goods, which they are selling for gold.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP SUMTER, Andersonville, April 11, 1864.

Major J. G. MICHAELOFFSKY, Quartermaster at Macon, Ga.:

SIR: Captain Armstrong brings me the information that a train load of lumber has been waiting transportation at Gordon for the last twelve days. The great want and emergency for this lumber at this post requires it of me to ask you to exercise your official authority in placing it here at the earliest possible moment. The instructions forwarded to post quartermasters in relation to Government transportation fully warrant your taking the most decided and prompt action in this case. The very great emergency, as far as the need of it here requires, safely excuses me in requiring you to act in this matter. I am burying the dead without coffins. I shall rely entirely upon you. If it is not here in a reasonable period I shall be compelled to report the matter to the authorities at Richmond.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. B. WINDER,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

[APRIL 12, 1864. - For reports and correspondence relating to capture of Fort Pillow, Tenn., and treatment of prisoners, other than that contained in this volume, see Series I, Vol. XXXII, Parts I and III. Also Report Numbers 65, House of Representatives, Thirty-eighth Congress, first session.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 12, 1864.

Brigadier General H. D. TERRY,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Sandusky, Ohio:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of the 5th instant in reference to side-arms belonging to rebel officers taken at Port Hudson I beg to say that all such arms belonging to officers who were transferred to Point Lookout should have been sent with them. As this was not done I respectfully request you will have them boxed up and forward them to Brigadier General E. W. Hinks, commanding at Point Lookout, Md.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

