
diseases, with this overcrowding of the camp not only continued, but rumor says yet to be increased, will, I fear, prove futile, and we may see ere the summer is past an epidemic that will decimate not only the ranks of prisoners, but affect alike all the inhabitants of the Point. I therefore most respectfully recommend to the consideration of the commanding officer: First. That no greater number of prisoners or troops that at present be allowed upon the Point. Second. That condensers be at once put up in order to furnish a sufficient quantity of pure water. Third. The diminished issued of salt pork and the largely increased issue of fresh vegetables; this in consideration of the scorbutic tendency and character exhibited in the majority of diseases occurring in camp. Fourth. The immediate construction of barrack hospital for the accommodation of 200 sick.

A communication was forwarded from this office May 27, 1864, relative to the necessity of immediately enlarging this hospital. At this date, June 23, 1864, I have 200 sick men in camp who should be in hospital, and see no prospect of speedily having the hospital enlargement respectfully asked for now nearly a month since.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. THOMPSON,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, in Charge.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SAINT MARY'S,Point Lookout, Md., june 25, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded approved.

I have this day forwarded an application for permission to purchase a condenser capable of producing 17,0-00 gallons of fresh water daily. The material for the erection of a hospital has been purchased, and I am informed by the post quartermaster that it is already on the way.

A. G. DRAPER,

Colonel Thirty- sixth U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 145. Richmond, June 23, 1864.

* * * *

VII. All returns and accounts of prisoners taken from the enemy which were heretofore required to be made to Brigadier General John H. Winder will hereafter be addressed to Brigadier General William M. Gardner, in this city. Commanding generals of armies, departments, &amp;c., will be governed accordingly.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS POST, Numbers 109. Andersonville, Ga., june 23, 1864.

There being no books at this post for the necessary records of the prisons, Major E. Griswold will proceed at once to Columbia, S. C., to obtain them, being the nearest point where they can be had.

