
Major Griswold is referred to the quartermaster at Columbia for these books. As soon as the business is transacted Major Griswold will return to this post.

In the event that these books cannot be had through the quartermaster Major Griswold is authorized to get them elsewhere upon the best terms they can be had.

By order of General John H. Winder:

W. S. WINDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 23, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Richmond:

Report of inspection of the C. S. military prison and post at Salisbury, N. C.

Commandant-Colonel Gilmer, Twenty-seventh North Carolina Regiment, temporarily disabled by wounds. Assistant commandant-Captain Fuqua, Thirteenth North Carolina Regiment, disabled by wounds. Adjutant-Lieutenant F. D. Stockton. Employees-Two clerks, both officers, who have resigned, but have never been enrolled. Their names were reported to the enrolling officer. Books: (1) special order-book, (2) general orders, (3) guarder ports, carefully kept, (4) register of convicts, (5) register of political prisoners and of prisoners of war, (6) copy of sentence of each convict in full. The books are well kept. The guard consists of three companies of about 200 men for duty. Company A is from Alabama and enlisted for general service. Companies B and C were organized for local service, professedly from non-conscripts. But the recruiting was carelessly conducted and a number of conscripts crept in. Some of these have been taken out, some still remain, whose military status is matter for careful investigation by the enrolling officer to whom their names were given. Captain Allen enlisted his company in so loose a manner that the original muster-roll does not show the age of the recruits. Most of the lieutenants of these two companies were subject to conscription in the general service at the time of their election. By what authority were they withdrawn from it? The War Department has decided that in the companies of junior reserves the officers must belong to the same class as the men. These officers stand on the same footing, it would seem, but a different impression prevails, and special instructions to enrolling officers will be necessary if it is desired to put these men in the army. These companies have been recently largely recruited by the enlistment of boys between seventeen and eighteen years old. This appears to me a violation of the eighth section of the act of Congress approved February 17, 1864.

The officers have been so careless in recruiting, and it is so hard to get as conscript out of this organization when once receive, d that I recommend that they be forbidden to receive another recruit until he is certified by the district enrolling officer not to be subject to conscription. The men are pretty well drilled as companies but not at all as a battalion. This defect will, I am sure, soon e remedied by the present efficient commandant. Clothing and shoes good; arms in different and ill kept.

I was informed that a band was about to be organized in addition to the present field music. Some ten or twelve boys will be enlisted as privates and detailed as musicians, which is, of course, equivalent to withdrawing ten or twelve muskets from the efficient junior reserves

26 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII

