
now in the field. I commend that this sort of thing be prohibited in orders. There are twenty-three sentry posts. The prison wards are kept as clean as they can be in the absence of proper water-closets, which are being built, and with so many inmates. They are very much crowded with 132 men in a room of 60 by 40 feet. There are now in confinement 550 persons, consisting of soldiers, working out their sentences, political prisoners, deserters from the enemy, and prisoners of war. Since the establishment of the prison 3,802 persons have been confined in it, of whom 1,176 have been treated in hospital and 77 have died. The kitchen seems to be well arranged. Ration-eighteen ounces of flour and one-third pound of meat, with rice, been as, and salt. The prisoners have never been a day without meat. The cooking is done by a non-conscript, employed. He is assisted by prisoners. The hospital (first assistant surgeon) is neat and has a good garden attached. Seven employees, all disabled soldiers.

Captain Goodman, assistant quartermaster, does the duties of post and transportation quartermaster, and in addition buys forage for the army. Employees-one clerk, one transportation agent, one messenger, one shipping agent, one wagon-master, one head mechanic, twelve carpenters, three blacksmiths, one harness maker, one wheel right (all exempts or detailed upon certificate of physical disability or for mechanical skill), and twenty-six negroes. This force is employed in building a wayside hospital at Salisbury and a forage house at Concord. Captain G. has some forty-odd horses and mules in excellent order. I was glad to learn from him that the inspector of transportation had required him to give up twenty-four of these for the army in exchange for animals somewhat reduced in flesh. As far as I could see this officer is managing his business well.

Major Myers does the duties of post commissary and of chief commissary of the Ninth Carolina District. He has no prohibited person in his employment except A. B. Shepperson, aged twenty-six, and liable to conscription. Application has been made for his detail as an indispensable impressing agent. Since March 1 the following stores have been collected and shipped and issued by this officer: 290,127 pounds bacon, 5,944 barrels flour, 300,629 pounds meal. Captain Brenizer, in charge of the ordnance works, was absent. He has thirty-five conscripts (amongst them one clerk and one superintendent) either detailed or with applications pending. These works are engaged in making 10-pounder Parrott shell and horseshoes; of the latter the product is 6,000 a month.

Respectfully submitted.

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

QUARTERMASTER'S DEPARTMENT,

Camp Sumter, Ga., June 23, [?] 1864.

HENRY DE VEUVE,

Bonded Agent, Quartermaster's Department:

SIR: You will proceed without delay to select suitable buildings and materials of all sorts to establish a shoe factory for the Confederate States Government. You will use the utmost diligence in procuring all necessary machinery and tools to effectually carry this shop into successful operation, and will keep me fully posted in regard to everything connected with it.

