
You will use your best discretion in making necessary purchases, always keeping in view the best interest of the Government.

R. B. WINDER,

Captain and Post Quartermaster.

P. S. -Quartermasters will furnish Mr. De Veuve transportation wherever his business may call.

R. B. WINDER,

Captain and Post Quartermaster.

FIRST REGIMENT GEORGIA RESERVES,

Camp Sumter, June 23, 1864.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS:

RESPECTED SIR: Being but a private in the ranks at this place, consequently if I see anything to condemn (as I do) I have no power to correct it. Yet as a humane being and one that believes that we should "do as we would be done by," I proceed to inform you of some things that I know you are ignorant of, and in the first place I will say I have no cause to love the Yankees (they having driven myself and family from our home in New Orleans to seek our living among strangers), yet I think that prisoners should have some showing. Inside our prison walls all around there is a space about twelve feet wide, called the "dead-line. " If a prisoner crossed that line the sentinels are ordered to shoot him. Now, we have many thoughtless boys here who think the killing of a Yankee will make them great men. As a consequence, every day or two there are prisoners shot. When the officer of the guard goes to the sentry stand, there is a dead or badly wounded man invariably within their own lines. The sentry, of course, says he was across the dead-line when he shot him. He is told he did exactly right and is a good sentry. Last Sabbath there were two shot in their tents at one shot. The obey said that he shot at one across the dead-line. Night before last there was one shot near me (I being on guard). The sentry said that the Yankee made one stp across the line to avoid a mud hole. He shot him through the bowels, and when the officer of the guard got there he was lying inside their own lines. He (the sentry) as usual told him that he stepped across, but fell back inside. The officer told him it a was exactly right. Now, my dear sir, I know you are opposed to such measures, and I make this statement to you knowing you to be a soldier, statesman, and Christian, that if possible you may correct such things, together with many others that exist here. And yet if you send and agent here he will of course go amongst the officers tell his business, and be told that all is well, but let a good man come here as a private citizen and mix with the privates and stay one week, and if he don't find out things revolting to humanity then I am deceived. I shall put my name to this, believing that you will not let the officers over me see it, otherwise I would suffer, most probably.

Yours, most respectfully,

JAMES E. ANDERSON.

P. S. -Excuse pencil.

[First indorsement.]

JULY 23, 1864.

Respectfully referred, by direction of the President, to the Honorable Secretary of War.

J. C. IVES,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

