
Upon the whole, however, it seems clear that gross mal-administration has been practiced at the Memphis prison; that Captain Williams is principally and directly responsible therefor, and that, in view of all the testimony, it must be left with the President to determine whether army good and sufficient reason is disclosed for reversing the action taken by the War Department.

It is proper to note that Captain Williams in a communication to this office, herewith submitted, avers his ability to prove that his character has been that of a faithful soldier; that the prison when he assumed control of it was a perfect wreck, and that he instituted great improvements and made many repairs; that when he took charge there was no hospital and no prison fund, both of which he has established; that it was impossible for him to pay personal attention to the management, and that all the abuses complained of were practiced by his subordinates, contrary to his instructions, and that the hardship in cases of alleged neglect and delay was caused by the want of courts to try the offenders. Should he maintain in these averments by satisfactory evidence at a trial, such proof would obviously go far toward exculpating him from the blame under which he now rests. It is not impossible that wrong has been done him by a dismissal founded upon an ex parte report, and that General Washburn's emphatic expression of his conviction that the Department has acted hastily may turn out to be correct. Again inviting attention to the testimonials of Major-General Hurlbut and Brigadier-General Buckland, the case is submitted for the President's determination.

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.

Since the foregoing report was prepared the accused has filed a letter from Lieutenant-General Grant asking a revocation of the order of dismissal, expressing a very high opinion of his ability and services, mentioning that he (General Grant) recommended him for a brigadier-generally, and stating that he is qualified to command a division at least.

In view of this strong testimonial it is conceived that the conclusion may be safely adopted that the accused was not personally responsible for the abuses complained of an that his character as an officer is amply established.

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 6, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Adjutant-General.

Captain George A. Williams, of the First U. S. Infantry, will be restored to the service.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

[Inclosure.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 24, 1864.

JUDGE-ADVOCATE-GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to forward a statement of what I can prove to combat the charges against me.

