
My character as a faithful officer, and one who has not neglected his duty.

That when I took charge of the provost-marshal's department and consequently of the Irving Prison, at Memphis, Tenn., it was a perfect wreck. Windows, ashes, frames, and partitions torn out; no hospital. When a prisoner was very sick he was sent to the hospitals in the city, but if not sick enough he had to remain in the common prison room. That prisoners were in irons in the cellar of the building. That not a cent of prison fund had been made, although it had been a prison for sixteen months.

That I established comfortable quarters for the sick.

That I moved those prisoners who were in irons out of the cellars to upper rooms.

That I repaired the building to make it habitable.

That it was impossible for me to pay personal attention to the prison, and that I had an officer detailed for the purpose; that any suggestion he made to me for its improvement as far as the general would authorize I made.

That I complained of the inefficiency of the guard and applied for better.

That I reported the unsuitable of the building for a prison.

That the water for cleaning the prison was scarce and at times unable to be obtained, except in very limited quantities, but that I had ordered each prison room to be washed out every third day, to be swept out twice each day, and roll-call of prisoners three times each day.

That I have given orders to accept no prisoners except those who were accompanied by written charges or testimony or when sent from higher authority with orders to hold.

That I have authorized no man to be put irons except on the most serious charges, such as murder, rape, highway robbery, &amp;c.

That I have treated the prisoners with no undue severity.

That the prison never was in as good order as it was when I had it.

That I have endeavored to make it more comfortable, but it would not be authorized.

That the fact of men remaining in the prison an undue length of time was due mainly to the fact that there were not sufficient courts to try them, and that I had done all that I could to remedy it.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. WILLIAMS,

Captain, First U. S. Infantry.

BOSTON, MASS., June 24, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, U. S. Army,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in compliance with instructions received from you I have this day made an inspection of Fort Warren, Boston Harbor, Mass. The hospital is a room intended as post chapel, having connected with it rooms suitable for a dispensary, dining-room for convalescents, kitchen, &c., the garrison remaining of its present strength. The morning report shows twenty on sick report. Command, 703, composed of four companies First Battalion Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, and one company of militia. Prisoners, 180. The health of the prisoners has been so good that there has been no

