
special hospital for their treatment, the few that may happen to be sick being treated in the post hospital. I found the ward-room of the hospital clean and in good condition; the rest of the hospital not as neat as it should have been. The engineer officer in charge should have his attention called to the hospital privy, which should at once be completed in accordance with the original design. It is now a close, offensive place, without drainage, unsupplied with water. The quarters occupied by the troops are neat and orderly; police good; the men well dressed, clean in appearance, and soldierly in bearing. The quarters occupied by the prisoners are deficient both in neatness and order. The officers are in small rooms separated from the men, and pay less regard to cleanliness. The officers and men, prisoners, appear healthy, well clothed, clean, free from vermin. The quarters occupied by the troops and prisoners may be too crowded for comfort, but not for health, as the sick report of the fort proves. The prison fund on hand on 31st of May, 1864, mounted to $5. 89. The number of prisoners being small, the health good, but little saving has been made. What has accrued appears to have been spent with judgment. The ration now issued conforms to the last order. The prisoners appear as well satisfied, not complaining more than before the reduction.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. ALEXANDER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Acting Inspector of Prisoners of War.

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Columbia, June 24, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR; I have recently seen in the Richmond papers two notices that certain slaves recently captured from the enemy by our troops will be delivered to their owners upon application to certain officers who have them in charge.

If there has been any regulations adopted since the provision by Congress in 1863, that they should be delivered to the Governors of the States where captured, they have escaped my notice, and if there have been any regulations, orders of the War Department, acts, or resolutions of Congress on this subject since the period above referred to, be so good as to order me a copy furnished.

Very respectfully, yours,

M. L. BONHAM.

[First indorsement.]

JULY 15, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Attorney-General.

For Secretary of War.

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

JULY 18, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Honorable Secretary of War, with a copy of the only subsequent act upon the subject.

GEO. DAVIS,

Attorney-General.

