
Lieutenant Colonel Henry C. Davis states that he has (in notes over $5) $425 belonging to Federal prisoners, and desires to know if it must be disbursed at the discount.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 12, 1864.

Returned to Lieutenant Colonel Henry C. Davis.

The parties must submit to the deduction. There is no help for it. They cannot complain if they are treated as our own people. Besides, according to the theory of the matter, the two-thirds should purchase as much as the whole would formerly.

[RO. OULD.]

HOUSTON, April 12, 1864.

Lieutenant H. E. LOCKETT, Acting Provost-Marshal:

I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that the political prisoners in confinement are to be moved to-morrow.

O. M. WATKINS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HOUSTON, April 12, 1864.

Captain W. SPALDING GOOD, Anderson, Tex.:

Take negro out of jail, pay fees, use him, accounting to Labor Bureau. Have jail ready to-morrow.

By command, &amp;c.:

O. M. WATKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP PAROLE,Near Annapolis, Md., April 13, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I beg leave respectfully to state that this morning one Captain H. S. Howard reported at these headquarters and submitted for my action Special Orders, Numbers 8, Headquarters Armies of the United States, and Special Orders, Numbers 101, headquarters Department of Virginia and North Carolina, copies of which I herewith inclose. In obedience to the above-mentioned Special Orders, Numbers 8, I delivered to Captain Howard ninety-five paroled prisoners of war, taking his receipt for them. In reply to my inquiry as to their destination Captain Howard stated that they were to be exchanged and then employed in secret service. They ninety-five men, without exception, went with Captain Howard with that understanding and had voluntarily offered to go. I herewith forward a list* of their names and shall at once advise their regimental commanders of the transfer.

I remain, colonel, with much respect, your obedient servant,

ADRIAN R. ROOT,

Colonel Ninety-Fourth New York Volunteers, Commanding Camp Parole.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

