
is now going on, a correspondence in the prisons with disaffected persons outside, and I have every reason to believe that just before my arrival an agent of General Sherman had been here tampering with the prisoners. From the information I have been able to collect since I have been here I am satisfied that there is a portion of the population around here who ought to be looked after, and who actively sympathize with the prisoners.

In order to enable me to watch and counteract this influence I respectfully ask that Captain D. C. Vowles, with a detailed man by the name of Weatherford, on the police at Richmond, and two other well-selected detectives, be ordered to report to me immediately. It is difficult for those at a distance to realize the great responsibility of the command of this post and the great danger of a successful outbreak among the prisoners. Twenty-five thousand men, by the mere force of numbers, can accomplish a great deal. If successful, the result to the country would be much more disastrous than a defeat of the armies; it would result in the total ruin and devastation of this whole section of country. Every house would be burned, violence to women, destruction of crops, carrying off negroes, horses, mules, and wagons. It is almost impossible to estimate the extent of such a disaster. A little timely, prudent preparation will easily render it impossible. A little timely, prudent preparation will easily render it impossible. The rawness of the troops, the almost impossibility of getting a court-martial from the Department of South Carolina and Georgia, and other circumstances connected with the prisoners, render it very necessary that I should have the power to order courts-martial, and I respectfully request that such an arrangement be made. Let me again urge upon the attention of the Department the great danger hanging over this post and to the necessary steps to arrest it. Another prison should be immediately established, as recommended in my former letter, and that no more prisoners be sent to this post. The force is becoming too ponderous, and, indeed, it is not possible with my present means to extend the post fast enough to meet the demands.

Within the last four days we have discovered two extensive tunnels, reaching outside the stockade, showing great industry and determination on the part of the prisoners.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

P. S. -We have just discovered a tunnel reaching 130 feet outside the stockade.

CITY POINT, VA., June 25, 1864-10. 30 p. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I will feel obliged to you if you will order General Rosecrans to release Dr. J. A. Barrett, a citizen prisoner, lately confined in Saint Lois, in binds whilst awaiting trial, or to give him an immediate trial. The doctor is a copperhead, but I have no idea that he has done anything more than that class of people are constantly doing, and not so much. He was a neighbor of mine, a clever man, and has practice in the neighborhood which it will be very inconvenient to other people than himself to have interrupted.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

