HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,

Fort Monroe, June 25, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: There have been delivered, for special exchange or otherwise, since last September, by the Confederate authorities, at City Point, a number of officers and men amounting to about 750 men, including the 500 delivered to me on the 26th of December. There has been no declaration of exchange of any prisoners since September, and all these prisoners by the cartel, as I understand, are waiting to be declared exchanged in the parole camp at Annapolis or elsewhere.

Upon looking over the course of the officer of exchange in this matter I find that from time to time declarations of exchange have been made, and therefore I propose to declarations of exchange have been made, and therefore I propose to declare all prisoners held by the Confederates and delivered by their agent at City Point to our agent of exchange up to this date exchanged. The operation of that declaration, as I understand it, will be only to allow those who have been in fact exchanged and delivered to us as such to be put in the service instead of remaining at the parole camps or at home.

I should have asked instructions upon the matter had I not supposed this was simply in the course of official business. It will and can have no operation upon may pending question, or any other force than simply to release the men already exchanged, and allow them to be sent into the army of the United States.

Trusting that you will approve this and will answer your approval by telegram.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., June 25, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: There is satisfactory evidence that Lieutenant Pavey, Captain Driscoll, Lieutenant Duchesney, and Lieutenant Markbreit have been placed in close confinement (in cells) in Libby Prison in alleged retaliation for the confinement of certain rebel officers in Northern prisons, of which we have no specific information; and the Secretary of War direct that a like number of rebel officers be confined in a similar manner at Fort Delaware, and that notice of the fact be given to the rebel authorities. You will please see this order executed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major General of Vols., Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

FORT MONROE, VA., June 25, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

In answer to your inquiry I have received the following from Major-General Butler's headquarters:

Mr. Ould having refused to allow the flag-of-truce boats to go up the river I have no way of sending the rebel surgeons except through our lines, and I don't think that is safe. They know too much. Ould desires us to agree upon a new place to

