
make our exchanges, but refuses to answer officially what will be done with colored soldiers. Therefore I have cut off all exchange and flag-of-truce communications.

B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding General.

I will write you by this mail.

JNO E. MULFORD,

Major and Agent for Exchange.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,OFFICE COMMISSIONER OF EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., June 25, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I was again absent from this post when your dispatches reached here. I returned this morning and hasten a reply. I telegraphed you to-day in regard to Captain Ives. Last winter, when he with others were confined as hostages, a request was made by Major-General Butler for his release and an equivalent in rank offered from prisoners in our hands. No specific answer to this proposition has been given (perhaps for reasons which may be inferred). I doubt not, if it is thought advisable and desirable, that a special exchange for Captain Ives can be effected. In regard to the delivery of rebel medical officers through our lines at the present time, I have referred to Major-General Butler, special commissioner for exchange, and will communicate his answer to you as soon as received. I inclose herewith a copy of a communication received a few days since by flag of truce from Mr. Ould. * No answer has been returned as yet.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO E. MULFORD,

Major and Assistant Agent for Exchange.

NEW YORK, June 25, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, U. S. Army,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have this day inspected the command at Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor, and find it as follows: The garrison consists of two companies Seventh Regiment Regular Infantry and ninety-seven prisoners of war. There is no hospital either for the garrison or prisoners at the fort, the very sick being treated at Fort Hamilton. The health of the command is good; that of the prisoners perfect. The rooms for the prisoners are crowded, the beds touching. I would respectfully suggest for comfort at night that the doors of the rooms occupied by the prisoners be latticed, as they are closed at night, causing the rooms to be very warm and the circulation of air not very fair. The clothing of the prisoners is good. Their barracks fairly policed. The prison fund on hand at the end of May was $64. 48. Since the 1st of this month the fund has been kept agreeable to the recent orders on the subject, with are fully understood. An increase of the fund is expected. The reduced ration is issued. No complaint is made, but the prisoners are allowed to purchase freely in the city, most of them having more or less money. The

---------------

*See June 8, p. 211.

---------------

