
general condition of the troops comprising the garrison is in every respect good.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. ALEXANDER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, June 25, 1864.

General E. KIRBY SMITH, C. S. Army,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that two citizens of the United States, viz, George W. Burns and John M. McCune, are held as prisoners by the troops under your command, and request that you cause them to be released and sent within our lines in accordance with our agreement.

If any Confederate citizens are detained by the forces under my command I shall take pleasure in releasing them as soon as my attention is called to the fact.

When last heard from Mr. Burns was at Tyler, Tex., and Mr. McCune was in jail at Monticello, Ark.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDK. STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CONFED. FORCES NORTHERN ARKANSAS,June 25, 1864.

The OFFICE COMMANDING U. S. FORCES,

Devall's Bluff, Ark.:

SIR: In the engagement of yesterday several officers of the U. S. S. Queen City fell into my hands on the surrender of that vessel. Among them are Acting Master M. Hickey, Paymaster C. S. Simms, and Master's Mate E. N. Wild, whom I send to you under flag of truce under Captain Dorsey for the purpose of effecting an exchange with you for three of my officers now held as prisoners by the U. S. forces in this State. Their names [are] as follows, viz:

Captain George W. Rutherford, of Dobbins' regiment Arkansas cavalry; First. Lieutenant A. C. McCoy, Company A, Gordon's regiment, Shelby's brigade; Second Lieutenant C. R. White, Company E, Shanks' regiment, Shelby's brigade.

If you are not empowered by your Government to make the above exchange and are willing to parole my officers and delivered them to Captain Dorsey, with permission to remain within our lines, I have instructed Captain Dorsey to treat the above-named officers of the U. S. Navy in the same manner and deliver them to any officer you may designate at such time and place as you may both agree on, upon the delivery of Captain Rutherford and Lieutenants McCoy and White to him.

In case these officers are not under your jurisdiction, Captain Dorsey is fully empowered to act in the premises.

Respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

