
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., June 25, 1864.

Colonel C. W. HILL,

Commanding Johnson's Island, Sandusky City, Ohio:

COLONEL: Major Scovill's report of the 12th instant on the condition of the prison and prisoners, with your indorsement upon it, is received. The report of Major Scovill is better adapted to give information to one who is present and can see for himself than to give correct knowledge of the state of things to one who has to reply on his report alone. Your indorsement shows me how far the prison is from being in a satisfactory condition; and seeing that you appreciate what has long been required, I feel assured that immediate steps will be taken to remedy all existing evils. Major Scovill must be more minute in his reports hereafter, remarking on all things where change for the better can be made, in all the various branches of the establishment, and detailing what is being done to effect improvement. It may be well to make such openings for ventilation for summer use as are practicable, but the prisoners must not be permitted to cut holes at their pleasure,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,Rock Island, Ill., June 25, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on the night of the 14th instant ten prisoners of war made their escape from the prison inclosure by tunneling under Barracks 42, their egress being made directly under the parapet. The last two were discovered by the sentinel, who gave the alarm, and all necessary measures taken for their recapture, which has resulted in securing seven of them. Three were taken on the island, four near Rock River, about four miles distant, and one was drowned in attempting to cross the slough. Mounted patrols have been drowned in attempting to cross the slough. Mounted patrols have been on the track of the remaining two until to-day, with fair prospect of taking them. Barrack 42 was used for a viral a ward during the prevalence of that disease and while the pest-houses were being erected, and has been kept unoccupied since by request of the surgeon. The tunnel was made on the south side of the prison. Deep trenches had been made on the north, east, and west sides to prevent tunneling, it being deemed unnecessary to trench on the south side in consequence of the rock coming so near the surface. A trench has now been made down to the rock on that side also.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

A. J. JOHNSON,

Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Comg. Post.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,

Charleston, June 25, 1864.

Major General SAM. JONES, Commanding Department, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Visiting the quarters of the Federal prisoners yesterday, I found that they were attended by a couple of Charleston negroes. Deeming that this was improper, I directed Captain Gayer to cause the

