
intercourse to cease. Mr. Raymond informs me that the prisoners complain of this after they have given parole. How far we are bound to supply them with cooks, &amp;c., I do not know, and in anticipation of the complaint of the prisoners I have directed Mr. Raymond to submit the matter to your judgment as to whether they shall be furnished with this attendance or not.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST, Richmond, June 25, 1864.

ROBERT OULD, Agent of Exchange:

SIR: General Gardner desires me to forward you the inclosed papers. * The general wishes to know if there is any distinction made in surgeons captured on the battle-field or field hospitals and those captured at posts, for instance, Plymouth, N. C.

Very respectfully,E. A. SEMPLE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, BUREAU OF EXCHANGE,

June 25, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

No distinction is made in regard to the circumstances under which surgeons and chaplains are captured, whether at post hospital or on battle-field. They are released without parole. These parties will all be sent North as soon as communications with the enemy by flag of truce is resumed.

By order:

W. H. HATCH,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS POST, Numbers 5. Richmond, June 25, 1864.

I. Captain C. Morfit, assistant quartermaster, will convert into Confederate money all U. s. money in his hands belonging to officers prisoners of war at Macon, Ga., and express it to Captain R. B. Winder, assistant quartermaster, from whom hereafter the prisoners at that post will draw.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier General W. M. Gardner:

E. A. SEMPLE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 26, 1864-10. 50 a. m.

Colonel DRAPER, Point Lookout:

No person is authorized to enlist prisoners at Point Lookout nor to grant passes to committeemen or any one else to visit there, except the War Department, General Augur, or the President. You will not suffer any enlistments to be made nor any communication with prisoners

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

