
except upon special authority of the War Department. Point Look-out is now a part of General Augur's command and you will report to him.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 26, 1864-11. 11 p. m.

Major General W. R. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

You will release Dr. J. A. Barrett upon his parole on his bond for $2,000, conditioned on his refraining from any act of hostility to the United States or from giving aid and comfort to the enemy after his release and pending his trial before any military court or commission that may be ordered in his case.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

ANDERSONVILLE, GA., June 26, 1864.

Brigadier General MARCUS J. WRIGHT:

GENERAL: Federal officers are all quartered in Macon, Ga. Send no more here.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST, MEDICAL DEPARTMENT,Andersonville, Ga., June 26, 1864.

S. M. BEMISS, Surgeon, Provisional Army, C. S.:

SIR: I have just established a hospital for the troops on duty at this post to accommodate 100 sick, and have assigned Asst. Surg. W. B. Harrison in charge. Be pleased to instruct me through what channel medical officers serving with the troops doing duty at this post are to report.

On the removal of the hospital from the stockade I informed you what accommodation I had made for the sick. The strength of the command having increased to 25,000 men, more than double that for which hospital accommodations were prepared, the hospital is now filled far beyond its healthy capacity. I have tents enough of all kinds to accommodate 800 men, in which I have been compelled to crowd over 1,200, being unable to procure others. General Winder, commanding post, has telegraphed to Richmond to see if we can obtain the tents that were occupied by the prisoners on Belle Isle, at Richmond, Va. If successful it will take some weeks for them to reach here. For humanity's sake please assist, me in obtaining 200 tents at once.

There are nearly 3,000 sick in the prison, many of whom require hospital treatment, which cannot be furnished because of the already crowded condition of the hospital. It is impossible to get tents from the quartermaster in this military department. They seem to have nothing, or all act upon the principle that prisoners can do without them. The number of medical officers on duty here is utterly inadequate to perform the duties required of them. There are 1,035 patients

27 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII

