
in hospital, with only five medical officers, and eight to attend sick-call at the prison, with a command of 25,000 men, daily increasing. Please assign or more good surgeons that I can assign in charge of the different divisions of the prison hospital. The direct contact with which the surgeon in charge of the prison hospital is brought with the commandant of the interior of the prison would produce incalculable discord and confusion if he were not willing to co-operate and forego many things that would be desired for the proper arrangement of a hospital.

I hope you will consider these things in making the assignment. Send a man of sufficient intelligence and zeal for the cause to duly appreciate all the disadvantages to be encountered.

Surgeon Stout's communication of the 7th instant, in relation to recommending competent private physicians for contract, has been received. Being an entire stranger here I have no one to recommend. It seems impossible to obtain any one exempt from military service, almost any employment being more lucrative. I am aware that the recent operations of the army have created a great demand for medical officers in your department, and it is with great reluctance that I urge the necessity of assigning at least ten additional medical officers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISAIAH H. WHITE,

Chief Surgeon of Post.

C. S. MILITARY PRISONS, Macon, Ga., June 26, 1864,.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: Again has the question which twice before I have had the honor to ask arisen, viz, who, in the event of revolt among the prisoners here, commands the force to quell it, myself or the officer commanding that part of the Georgia Reserves from which my guard is drawn? The contingency referred to is not unlikely-has once occurred and is again threatened. There is more danger to the railroads, wires, and bridges in this section of country, particularly in the direction of Atlanta, in the 1,400 prisoners (officers) here than in 20,000 enlisted men in Andersonville, especially when it is remembered that my guard is supplied by a regiment not 400 strong, imperfectly armed, and almost entirely without discipline or drill. While I again express my extreme discinlination to serve under the orders of inexperienced officers of that corps, I will be thankful if the question is in someway settled, and I hope this matter may be considered of sufficient importance to justify me in expecting a reply.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. C. GIBBS,

Captain, C. S. Army, Commanding Prisons.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR'S GENERAL'S OFFICE,

July 1, 1864.

GENERAL: This letter has just been brought by an officer from Macon. I send it to you, as the subject of which it treats is connected with that upon which General Winder writes.

Very respectfully,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

