
[Second indorsement.]

Colonel Gibbs has been promoted to colonel, which settles the question.

CLAY.

[JUNE 27, 1864. -For Foster to Halleck, in relation to treatment of Confederate officers placed under fir, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XXXV, Part II, p. 150.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., June 27, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF,

Commanding Fort Delaware, Del.:

GENERAL: By direction of the Secretary of War you will please place in close confinement, in a cell, the following-named officers, now held as prisoners of war at Fort Delaware, viz: Captain James P. Brown, Company K, Fourth Tennessee; First Lieutenant R. J. Brailsford, Company E, First Texas [Legion]; First Lieutenant R. H. Bailey, Company A, Foster's cavalry; First Lieutenant A. W. Dozier, Company F, Sixth South Carolina Cavalry. These officers are to be thus confined in retaliation for similar confinement of four Federal officers in Libby Prison and it will continue until those officers are treated like other prisoners of war. Should any of the above-named rebel officers be too unwell to be placed in close confinement, please select others of the same rank to fill their places.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL OF PRISONERS,

ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,

Rock Island, Ill., June 27, 1864.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON,

Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post:

COLONEL: I have the honor very respectfully to report the police condition of the prison and prison hospital for the week ending to-day, as follows: The grounds and surroundings are in good condition; the improvements in the avenues and streets of the prison and hospital inclosure are still progressing. The general appearance of the prisoners is good; their clothing is kept clean by frequent washing, and their bedding thoroughly aired every day. The kitchens are clean and in good condition. The hospital department is skillfully managed. The grounds are well policed by details from the prison.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CARAHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps,

Provost-Marshal of Prisoners.

