
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,Rock Island, Ill., July 1, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel William Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, with the remark that I fully concur with the within report.

A. J. JOHNSON,

Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., June 27, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that I leave here for Fort Delaware this evening, via Baltimore, in charge of fifteen rebel medical officers, pursuant to instructions contained in your dispatch to me on 25th instant. Major-General Butler directed me to take charge of the transfer. I received two referred papers from you this morning. They shall receive attention. Should you desire to communicate with me between this time and Thursday evening, your dispatch, addressed to me at Barnum's Hotel, Baltimore, would come to hand.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO E. MULFORD,

Major and Assistant Agent for Exchange.

RICHMOND, VA., June 27, 1864. (Received 28th.)

Lieutenant-Colonel LEE, Meridian, Miss.:

I have this day declared exchange all the Vicksburg officers and men who reported for duty prior to April 1, 1864. * Therefore do not furlough any.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

CAMP SUMTER, June 27, 1864.

Major N. W. SMITH:

MAJOR: I found out on yesterday that Captain Johnson, who is trading Government stock for you, has on hand a lot which would suit me, and as I absolutely suffering at this post for want of transportation I have taken the liberty of exchanging my young mules with him. I hope this will meet with your approbation and indorsement. If not, let me know at once and I can exchange back again, but I am quite sure that Captain Johnson, as he has good arrangements for pasturage, &amp;c., can do much better trading for the Government than I can. I also beg that you will allow Captain Johnson to let me have ten other mules and horses. I cannot get along without this transportation, and you must either furnish me or give me authority to impress them. Please send me at once five more two-horse wagons with iron axles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. WINDER,

Captain and Post Quartermaster.

---------------

*See General Orders, No. 56, June 30, p. 425.

---------------

