
FORT DELAWARE, June 28, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, U. S. Army,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that to-day I inspected this fort and find it as follows in reference to the prisoners of war. total number,9,162; composed of officers, 1,345; enlisted men, 7,713; political prisoners, 104. Number in hospital, 556; officers 36, men 520. The hospital is in most excellent condition, under the charge of Asst. Surg. H. R. Silliman, U. S. Army. The last monthly report shows miasmatic disease largely predominating and most fatal. This excess is to be attributed partly to the previous service of the prisoners and in part to the situation of the fort, the prevailing winds blowing from a miasmatic region. The number of deaths has been proportionately large. This is owing probably to nostalgia, as the sick have every attention and comfort. Since the deprivation of tea and coffee disease seems to have increased and the sick not prospered as well. A daily morning issue of coffee to all prisoners at this post I think advisable. A daily morning issue of tea or coffee, as the surgeon in charge may think best, to the sick a necessity. The hospital fund at the end of May was $2,347. Since 1st of June the reduced ration has been issued and is supposed to be sufficient, but whether or not there has been a necessary increase in the purchase of extra articles can only be ascertained at the end of the present month.

The quarters of the prisoners are fairly policed and could be kept in good condition if the inmates were not too lazy to consult even self interest and comfort. The privies here are a nuisance and source of complaint. They are not set far back enough for the excrescence to be removed by the tide, consequently the odor from it is most foul. It is proposed to remedy this defect by washing out the privies by water from a hose forced up from the ditch by a force pump. I doubt if it will prove a success, and recommend that the privies be laced farther back, in reach of the tide. Upon this subject I have requested Doctor Silliman to make you a special report after the hose has been tried, as pumps for the purposed. The men are quite clean in appearance and as a general thing sufficiently well clothed. A large number of cases of itch are reported, but it is now diminishing, as the men are forced to bathe at least once a week. Some tendency to scurvy exists. This is probably owing to there not having been any issue of potatoes or other anti-scorbutic vegetable for three or four weeks. The recent orders have been strictly obeyed in the ration issue. Potatoes of good quality not being procurable nothing has been substituted for them. I would respectfully recommend that the commissary officer here be ordered at once to supply the place of the potatoes with onions or other vegetables in sufficient quantity.

The fund on hand at end of May was $17,087. 15. The recent orders in reference to it are understood and obeyed. I inspected the quarters of the troops garrisoning this post. The police is not good, the privies, especially of the troops inside the wall, with one exception, are badly neglected. The One hundred and fifty-seventh Ohio, 100-day's men, form part of this garrison. Nine companies of this regiment are in barracks now, one in tents. The barracks occupied by the nine companies are only sufficient for eight companies. I would respectfully recommend that tents be furnished to one company more of this regiment and they be immediately occupied, relieving the overcrowded state of one set of barracks. This should be done without delay, as

