
most of the sick of this regiment came from this overcrowded set of barracks, and among them are several cases of measles.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. ALEXANDER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

OFFICE-COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., June 28, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commissioner for Exchange,

Commanding Dept. of Va. and N. C., Hdqrs. Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that pursuant to instructions from the Secretary of War the commanding officer at Fort Delaware has been directed to place Captain James P. Brown, Company K, Fourth Tennessee Cavalry; First Lieutenant R. J. Brailsford, Company E, First Texas [Legion]; First Lieutenant R. H. C. Bailey, Company A, Foster's cavalry, and First Lieutenant A. W. Dozier, Company F, Sixth South Carolina Cavalry, in close confinement in cells, in retaliation for the like confinement of Captain Driscoll and Lieutenants Pavey, Duchesney, and Markbreit, of the Federal Army, in the Libby Prison, in alleged retaliation for the confinement of certain rebel officers in Northern prisons, of which we have no specific information.

By direction of the Secretary of War I request you will give notice of the above order to the rebel authorities.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

J. C. M. Merillat, surgeon in charge, Staunton, gives history of the hospital during the incursion of the Yankees and asks for instructions.

[Indorsement.]

JUNE 28, 1864.

Returned to the Surgeon-General. The paroles given to our men are not binding. The Federals insist that all prisoners must be reduced into possession and delivered at City Point or Vicksburg. We have bee forced in self-defense to accept the doctrine. The men as soon as they are well enough can return to duty. The Federal wounded left with us are captives, no matter what promises were made. They are prisoners, and will so remain until regularly delivered to the Yankee authorities under the cartel. These points have been repeatedly ruled by both Governments in this way, and the Yankee villains knew the same when they administered the paroles.

[RO. OULD.]

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, June 28, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel SIMS:

COLONEL: There are 3,300 prisoners, of whom 2,300 can be moved. I have received no intimation that they are to be shipped to Lynchburg. I have inquired of General Gardner and at the office of Lieutenant-General Ewell and cannot ascertain from whom the order came.

