
GENERAL ORDERS, CAMP SUMTER, Numbers 56. Andersonville, Ga., June 29, 1864.

* * * *

II. The regimental and other surgeons stationed at this post will report to Surg. Isaiah H. White, chief surgeon, for duty.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier General John H. Winder:

W. S. WINDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 30, 1864-5. 10 p. m.

Brigadier-General SCHOEPF, Commanding at Fort Delaware:

The Secretary of War directs that the Federicksburg hostages be sent to Washington to be turned over to Major-General Augur for the purpose of exchange.

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector General U. S. Army.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., June 30, 1864.

Colonel A. G. DRAPER,

Commanding District of Saint Mary's, Point Lookout, Md.:

COLONEL: By authority of the Secretary of War you will forward from Point Lookout to Elmira, N. Y., via New York City, 2,000 enlisted prisoners, to be delivered to Colonel S. Eastman, commanding Draft Rendezvous Barracks. The prisoners will be divided into parties of about 400 each party to be accompanies by a guard of 100 men, under a proper complement of officers. Give the officers in charge detailed instructions, as directed in my letter of the 21st instant. Cooked rations will be furnished for two days to guard and prisoners. Arrangements will be made for cooking on the steamer as far as practicable. Notify the quartermaster in New York, Major S. Van Vliet, by telegram of the day when the steamer will leave, and ask for transportation. The guard will return to Point Lookout on Harrisburg and Baltimore road. The depot quartermaster in this city will furnish transports at intervals of two or three days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DRAFT RENDEZVOUS,Elmira, N. Y., June 30, 1864.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report this post in a very good condition. Barracks and ground are in excellent police. Subsistence good. Barracks Numbers 3 has been set aside for the accommodation of prisoners of war, and is inclosed by a fence twelve feet high, with sentry boxes on the outside, the platform being four feet below the top of the fence. These barracks are now ready to receive prisoners. On their arrival the recruits and drafted men will occupy Barracks Numbers 1. It will be necessary

