
to keep in the guard-house at Numbers 3 barracks, until another can be built at Barracks Numbers 1, all prisoners sent here as deserters. I respectfully request that I may have authority to erect a guard-house at Barracks Numbers 1 with as little delay as possible. There being no quarters inside the inclosure of Barracks Numbers 3, the officers having charge of the prisoners will go into tents, and I have directed the quartermaster to issue wall-tents to them, which I respectfully ask the Adjutant-General to approve. There are but twelve officers here that I can assign to duty with prisoners, and as there will be about fifty companies of 200 men each it will be necessary to have more officers on duty at this post. There should be one officer to every company, if possible, and officers who are unfit for field service can perform this duty as well as able-bodied ones.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. EASTMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Rendezvous.

OFFICE ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER,

Elmira, N. Y., June 30, 1864.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor of informing you that Barracks Numbers 3 has been placed in complete condition for the accommodation of 10,000 prisoners and the necessary guard. Eight acres of land have been inclosed with a substantial board fence, twelve feet high, with sentry boxes, and elevated platforms (so that the guards can overlook the whole ground) have been constructed. Wells have been sunk, and all the necessary arrangements made for the immediate occupation, should it be required. The general hospital, also, is completed and ready for the accommodation of 200 patients. A plan or drawings of these premises will be forwarded as soon as it can be prepared.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. EWELL,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

[JUNE 30, 1864. -For report of Confederate prisoners of war and deserters received and disposed of in Department of the Cumberland, during June, 1864, see Series I, Vol. XXXVIII, Part I, p. 153.]

[JUNE 30, 1864. -For Clayton to Dyer, in relation to exchanges in Arkansas, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XXXIV, Part IV, p. 598.]

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 56. Richmond, June 30, 1864.

The following order is published for the information of all concerned:

Exchange Notice Numbers 11.

RICHMOND, June 27, 1864.

All officers and men of the Vicksburg capture of July 4, 1864, who reported for duty either at Enterprise, Miss., Demopolis, Ala., Jonesborough, Tenn., Vienna,

