
Natchitoches, Shreveport, or Alexandria, La., at any time prior to April 1, 1864, and whose names have been forwarded to me by the proper officers, are hereby declared exchanged.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, CAMP SUMTER, Numbers 57. Andersonville, Ga., June 30, 1864.

A gang of evil-disposed persons among the prisoners of war at this post having banded themselves together for the purpose of assaulting, murdering, and robbing their fellow-prisoners and having already committed all these deeds, it becomes necessary to adopt measures to protect the lives and property of the prisoners against the acts of these men, and in, order that this may be accomplished, the well-disposed prisoners may and they are authorized to establish a court among themselves for the trial and punishment of all such offenders.

II. On such trial the charges will be distinctly made with specifications setting forth time and place, a copy of which will be furnished the accused.

III. The whole proceedings will be properly kept in writing, all the testimony fairly written out as nearly in the words of the witnesses as possible.

IV. The proceedings, findings, and sentence in each case will be sent, to the commanding officer for record, and if found in order and proper, the sentence will be ordered for execution.

By order of Brigadier General John H. Winder:

W. S. WINDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, CAMP SUMTER, No. 58. Andersonville, June 30, 1864.

Trading by commissioned officers with the troops and prisoners at this post is positively prohibited, and violation of this order will subject the officer to a trial by court-martial. *

Sanitary report of C. S. military prison hospital, Andersonville, Ga., for the quarter ending June 30, 1864.

There is nothing in the topography of the country that can be said to have influenced the health of the command, except, perhaps, in the immediate camp, through which passes a stream of water, the margins of which are low and swampy, and have recently been drained with a view of reclaiming it sufficiently for camping purposes, the result of which has been to expose to the rays of the summer sun a large surface covered with decomposing vegetable matter, a condition favorable to the production of malarial diseases. (This surface is now being covered with dry sand.) With this exception the land is high and well drained, the soil light and sandy. The prisoners, being from the United States, have been influenced perhaps as much by the climate as any other

---------------

*From order-book, but unsigned.

---------------

