
agency. The prison was built to accommodate 10,000 prisoners, in which have unavoidably been place over 26,000, causing them to become so crowded as to prevent a proper circulation and due allowance of atmospheric air. With this crowded condition there is an absence of barracks or tents, the only protection from the weather being little huts made of boughs, blankets, and small picket-tents used in the U. S. Army, which being irregularly arranged obstruct the free circulation of air. Within the last few days the stockade has been increased ten acres, relieving the crowded condition heretofore existing. Barracks are also being constructed. It, however, is an immense task and will not soon be completed. the diet of the prisoners is the same as that issued to Confederate soldiers in the field, viz, one pound beef or one-third pound bacon, one and one-fourth pound meal, with an occasional issue of beans and rice. There is a great lace of cleanliness on the part of the prisoners. The chief canes of disease and mortality is long confinement in prison, which, in connection with the diet (having reduced scurvy among them), has so lowered their vitality as to render them unable to resist disease. The hospital, in the early part of the quarter, being situated within the stockade, it was impossible to supply the sick with the necessary comforts; hospital bedding, diet, &amp;c., being stolen from the hospital by the prisoners. In the latter part of the month by May authority was granted to move the hospital without the stockade. The condition of the sick has been much improved by the change. They are now treated in a hospital camp well supplied with shade and water. The tents are for the most part small and illy adapted to hospital purposes, insufficient in number to accommodate the large number of sick to be treated. The tents are all filled to excess, and many men are refused admission to hospital for want of room. During the quarter the person has been on several occasions without any medicines whatever. Requisitions are made for one month's supply, which are filled in such diminished quantities as to create the necessity for other requisitions during the month. These have to go to Atlanta for approval. In consequence of the irregularity of the mail they do not return frequently under eight or ten days. They have then to be sent to the medical purveyor at macon, where they are usually filled with promptness. But before they are received one-half on the period drawn for has elapsed and the former supply entirely exhausted. The number of medical officers on duty at the prison is inadequate to perform the required duties. There are over 26,000 prisoners with only thirteen medical officers; of this number, five attend the hospital, where there are 1,134 sick.

Respectfully submitted.

ISAIAH H. WHITE,

Chief Surgeon of Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, June 30, 1864.

Major-General STEELE,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose a copy of communication from Colonel Colton Greene, C. S. Army, to which I respectfully invite your attention. The officers and soldiers named therein are duly commissioned and enlisted in the service of the Confederate States of America in a regular and authorized organization of its Army, and under no circumstances can they be treated other than as "prisoners

