
Chase, Ohio, with reference to the security of the guards, the discipline enforced, the mode of treatment, the intercourse the prisoners are permitted to have, the contributions that are allowed to be furnished them by their friends, and in respect to any other matter relating to this branch of the service. It is respectfully requested that you make monthly reports to this Department, in order that it may be kept fully informed of the condition of the camps, and of the prisoners at the place above named.

Your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPT.,

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., [July,] 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel D. T. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector-General:

COLONEL: Having been assigned to duty, agreeably to Special Orders, Numbers -, current series, from this office, you will first proceed to Andersonville, Ga., and make a careful and minute inspection of the prison there established for Federal prisoners, giving your attention especially to the following points:

First. As relates to shelter, police, prison discipline, and proper security of the prisoners, having due consideration for their health and comfort, and their subsistence and sanitary condition within the prison inclosure.

Second. The prison hospitals and their management. The number of sick and the ratio of deaths, also the number of medical officers and attendants, and the efficiency and attention with which they perform their duties.

Third. The strength and character of the guards employed, and the competency of their officers, also the nature of the defenses constructed for protection against interior and exterior attempts upon the prison.

Fourth. The advantages of the present site over other points in the State, in its greater inaccessibility against raids, its better health and facilities for the safe-keeping of the prisoners and their cheaper subsistence and greater comfort. If in your opinion, after careful examination of this prison, its removal to some other more eligible location is desirable, report the fact with reason for such recommendation; if guards are insufficient communicate at once with the Governor of Georgia or General Cobb, commanding the reserve forces, as may be best, bringing this necessity to their attention, and under this authority urge upon them an immediate increase of this force. Require lists of all officials, officers, agents, and employees under General Winder, setting forth the authority under which they were assigned and the duties performed by each.

Forward your report of this inspection as soon as completed. Such measures as your inspection here may suggest as necessary to be immediately adopted you will order in [my] name, exercising therein a cautious discretion.

Having concluded your examination at Andersonville you will extend your inspections thence to the Mississippi River to include the commands operating in the intervening States and districts of States, making your reports upon completing the inspection of each post or command, and keeping the Department so advised respecting your movements as to enable it to communicate with you.

