
Whenever in your route abuses in any branch of the service are brought to your attention, upon reliable authority, examine into them and make such special report as may lead to their prompt correction where really existing.

I am, respectfully, yours,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

CHIEF SURGEON'S OFFICE,

Andersonville, Ga., July 1, 1864.

S. P. MOORE, Surgeon-General C. S. Army:

SIR: I am instructed by the general commanding to represent that inconvenience and delay arise in obtaining medical and hospital supplies, in consequence of requisitions being required to be sent to Surgeon Stout, medical director of hospitals at Atlanta, Ga., for approval. In consequence of the in regularity of the mails, eight or ten days frequently elapse before the requisition with approval returns to this office, which has then to be sent to medical purveyor at Macon. Before the medicines arrive here, two weeks (or half the period for which requisition is made) has elapsed, creating a scarcity and in some instances an entire lack of medicines.

In addition to prisoners, of which there are 26,367, the command consists of five regiments, one company of artillery, as guard. I am informed by Medical Director Stout that medical officers on duty with these regiments do not report through him. Brigadier General John H. Winder, commanding post, reports directly to Secretary of War, this not being considered a part of any military department in this State.

If compatible with the interest of the service, I most respectfully request that I be permitted to report directly to the Surgeon-General, and that the medical purveyor at Macon, Ga., be instructed to issue to this post on requisition with my approval.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISAIAH H. WHITE,

Chief Surgeon of Post.

QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, Lynchburg, July 1, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War, Richmond:

I beg leave to bring to your attention the facts connected with the murder of Captain M. X. White, of Rockbridge. The deed was committed by a squad of Yankee soldiers on Monday morning, the 13th of June, near Lexington, by the order or permission, as it is believed, of Major-General Hunter, commanding.

Captain M. X. White commanded a company during the first year of the war in the First Virginia Cavalry. In consequence of a misunderstanding with his superior officers he resigned his commission and in a short time thereafter joined the Fourteenth Virginia Cavalry as a private. He served for some time in that capacity, then placed a substitute in the army and returned to his farm, where he was engaged until the recent invasion of the Valley by Major-General Hunter. When it was reported in Lexington that the enemy were advancing from Stanton, Captain White armed himself, mounted his horse, and proceeded at once

