
[First indorsement.]

JULY 4, 164.

Respectfully submitted for the consideration and decision of the President, who understands my views on the matter submitted.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

JULY 4, 1864.

General Bragg for attention.

I do not, as the Secretary supposes, know his views on the case. Please confer with him.

J. D.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES CONFEDERATE STATES,July 9, 1864.

Respectfully returned to His Excellency the President.

In a conference with the Honorable Secretary of War he repeats, as applicable now, views expressed heretofore on similar cases; and he considers it unfortunate that the remedy is not applied promptly by the immediate commanders. But where that is not done a stern but just retaliation is the only alternative.

One of the cases here presented, that of Captain White, seems to demand that action.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[Fourth indorsement.]

JULY 9, 1864.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

The indorsement are not specific enough to enable me to make any decision on them.

I would suggest that the action which it is proposed to take be exactly stated in a letter to General Lee, who commands the troops and country most immediately involved, and that his views be asked upon the specific matter.

If the prisoners had not been received as such, or had not been forwarded from the scene of their crimes, the case would be more easy of settlement. The use of the word "retaliation" in the connection in which it is employees suggests a policy very different from that which would discriminate between robbers and soldiers.

JEFF. DAVIS.

CAMP SUMTER, Andersonville, Ga.

Received from R. B. Winder, assistant quartermaster, this 1st day of July, 1864, the following lot of property belonging to Federal prisoners, to wit: Silver watch, Numbers 12252, R. W. Kelly; silver watch, Numbers 11697, N. R. Leaver; brass watch, Numbers 37, J. Champuny [?]; silver watch, Numbers 13039, N. J. Smith; silver watch, Numbers 26326, J. B. Blocke; silver watch, Numbers 23956, J. D. Wolfe; silver watch, Numbers 8991, D. Bilman; silver watch, Numbers 546, F. Foster; silver watch, Numbers 161, Jacob Metsger; silver watch, Numbers 14554, H. Mansfield; brass watch and pencil, Nothingham.

H. WIRZ,

Captain, Commanding Prison.

