HEADQUARTERS, Anderson, Tex., July 1, 1864.

Captain S. D. YANCEY,Assistant Adjutant-General, Galveston, Tex.:

CAPTAIN: Herewith I send you two reports of Lieutenant C. P. Smith, of my company, which speak for themselves.

On last night Lieutenant E. L. Jones arrived here with the political prisoners Peebles and Zeeliger, whom he brought under Major-General Magruder's Special Orders, Numbers 179, current series. Upon the back of this order is another from Captain L. G. Aldrich, in these words:

The officer in charge of guard will proceed in charge of the prisoners to Anderson, Grimes County, as within designated, unless called upon at Hempstead by Colonel C. C. Gillespie for them to be confined at Camp Groce.

The officer informs me that Colonel gillespie was not ready with preparations to receive them, and that hence they were brought here. At the time the mob was here they threatened, when leaving, to return and take and execute the prisoners, and the probability is that they may renew the attempt. In order to guard the several public buildings here, making, with the jail, four posts, scattered over a distance of over two miles, I am compelled to scatter my company, already reduced in numbers by a detachment to guard ordnance stores at Washington, Tex., under Lieutenant G. N. Bradshaw, and an attack might be made upon us unawares at sometime by an overwhelming force, and we found unable to successfully repel it. While I am apprehensive that such an event may possibly happen, I am yet resolved to defend the prisoners to the very last extremity, and whatever may be the turpitude of their conduct, this I regard as may imperative duty. Even, however, an attempt successfully resisted would be unfortunate in bringing the military in conflict with the citizens, particularly when it is remembered that it is said that men of age, influence, and standing were with the acting with the party who made the attempt, and I respectfully suggest that the true policy would be to overawe, and thus prevent an attack, and this could be done only by showing them that the force having the prisoners in charge would be too large to make an attempt upon. In daylight my company have to go out to where they have their horses at grass (not being allowed corn), and those not on duty spend part of every day in this matter, and I am either compelled to allow th permanent detail for this purpose, and on account of water I am compelled to camp the company a good deal farther from the jail than I would desire since this attempt has been made, and a sour situation is well known here, and the friends of the mob can easily learn it, they might even assail the guard at the jail and succeed in their attempt before I could assemble the company to re-enforce them. Therefore, as it seems to have been contemplated that if Colonel Gillepsie was prepared to receive the prisoners they should be delivered to him at Camp Groce, I most respectfully suggest the propriety of their being sent there. He has an ample force to overawe an attack, and none would be made. Besides, I learn that the only duty his men are doing is to guard prisoners, and thus he is far better prepared to protect them than I am. If, however, this suggestion does not meet with favor, I next request that my detachment at Washington may be relieved and ordered to report here for duty.

It certainly, also, would be best to keep all the prisoners at the same place, as the mob, from all I can learn, intended to hang them all.

Very respectfully, yours,

WILLIAM G. WEBB,

Captain, Commanding Post.

28 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII

