
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS, Anderson, Tex., June 25, 1864.

Captain WILLIAM G. WEBB:

DEAR SIR: On Saturday, the 4th instant, about 10 a. m., I was informed by a reliable citizen here who had no complicity with them, with whom they had talked, that an armed mob would attack the jail on that evening or the next for the purpose of taking out of my hands the political prisoners confined in jail at this post. I immediately commenced making preparations to prevent it, placing a double guard over the prisoners, and instructed all my men to be present at the jail prepared to defend them at all hazards and to the last extremity. And on the evening of the 5th instant, about 8 o'clock, I was informed by the same citizen that they had made their appearance and would make an attack on the jail in one hour. I immediately ordered all my men to repair at once to the jail, and so disposed them as to make the best defense possible. I then sent out a couple of my most reliable men with orders to examine the country around thoroughly and report to me any information that they might obtain relative to the mob by 12 o'clock that night or earlier if possible. They returned at 12 o'clock and reported that they had been in the neighborhood, but had fallen back some two miles and camped. They also reported that they were in and about their camps for some time, and that the men expressed a determination to take the mount of my hands and hang them. My men did not make themselves known to them at all, but acted in such following morning I received Major-General Magruder's orders for them to disperse, and I repaired immediately to their encampment for the purpose of reading the general's orders to them, but on my arrival I found that they had left. The men sent out by me to hunt for their encampment, being strangers in this section of the country, did not recognize any of the parties of the mob. It being night, the parties composing the mob not knowing but what they were some of their own men expressed themselves very freely before them. From the statements of my men there must have been about 100 men; most of them were aged men and seemed very determined, but I think a sober second thought, after thoroughly canvassing the matter, and learning preparations that were being made and the determination expressed by myself and men to do their duty in the premises, and that a conflict was inevitable if they determined to enforce their designs, being patriotic men (through perhaps overzealous), they finally determined to desist.

C. P. SMITH,Lieutenant, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

HEADQUARTERS, Anderson, Tex., June 25, 1864.

Captain WILLIAM G. WEBB, Commanding Post, Anderson, Tex.:

CAPTAIN: In justice to myself I have to report that on Monday night, the 20th instant, about 8 o'clock, a man who passed through here, whose name I did not learn, reported that a mob of 300 men where near this place, prepared to take by force the political prisoners, Peebles and others, from me and to hang them. I immediately assembled your company and made preparation to meet the attack, determined to fight till the last extremity to hold the prisoners. Pending the excitement and

