
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., July 2, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Dept. of the Gulf, Headquarters New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 2nd ultimo, addressed to the Adjutant-General, transmitting rolls of prisoners of war captured by the forces under your command at the times and places specified and sent North in June, 1863, and transmitting also a letter from Major General R. Taylor, of the C. S. Army, together with other papers in reference to the reported close confinement in irons and murder of officers of colored troops and the maltreatment of colored troops. On examining our records I find that all the enlisted men named on your list except two were delivered at City Point on the 6th of July, 1863, to Captain W. H. Hatch, assistant adjutant-general, Provisional Army, C. S., whose receipt is on file in this office. The officers named on the list forwarded were on board the steam-boat Maple Leaf en route to Fort Delaware with a number of other officers, prisoners of war, who on the 10th of June rose upon the guard, took possession of the boat, and compelled the officers of the boat to land them on the Virginia shore. All of the officers named made their escape except one, Captain E. W. Fuller, gun-boat Queen of the West, who afterward died at Johnson's Island on the 25th of July, 1863. General Taylor's letter, with the accompanying papers, have been submitted for the information of the Secretary of War. I return herewith the two lists with my certificate of the facts above stated.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

ATLANTA, GA., July 2, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I am directed by the Governor of Georgia to inclose you the within copy of a note received by him on yesterday. His Excellency concludes to withhold the name of the writer, but directs me to say that he is a gentleman well known by him, and one whose judgment and veracity may well be trusted.

I have the honor, sir, to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. JOHNSTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

[First indorsement.]

JULY 17, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Refer to General Winder, calling his special attention and requesting a report of facts, &amp;c.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

July 21, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

General Winder's letter of the 3rd instant, herein inclosed, gives his reasons for paroling and employing the prisoners.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

