
[Third indorsement.]

JULY 23, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

I suppose, under the circumstances, General Winder has been obliged to grant the paroles and employ the prisoners as he has done. His attention, however, should be called to the comments made on the act, and he should certainly exercise great caution to obviate the danger that may result from these men being at large.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Fourth indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

July 26, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Winder. See last indorsement of the Secretary of War.

By order Adjutant and Inspector General:

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

ANDERSONVILLE, GA., June 28, 1864.

Governor J. E. BROWN, Milledgeville, Ga.:

GOVERNOR: Mr.

-----

mentioned to me that he saw you a few days ago in Macon, and that you wanted information relative to Yankee prisoners here on parole. I have been trying several days to get the precise number and how they are employed, but have not succeeded. I can state, on information from prisoners as well as our soldiers, that there are about 300 or a little over. They pass about as freely as our own soldiers do, go into country, buy vegetables, &amp;c., talk to and trade with our soldiers, though trading with prisoners is strictly forbidden. They have a camp of their own without guard; only one Confederate officer in it, whose duty it is to call the roll as stated times. These prisoners do not work under guard, and are never confined in the stockade. Some are employed chopping logs for the new stockade; some are employed in the bakery, cooking provisions outside for the prisoners in the stockade; some are employed as carpenters, some to bury the dead, some as teamsters, some as litter-bearers, &c. These prisoners have it in their power to do us and the country an immense amount of mischief. I am not able to state anything of consequence they have done, but they get all the information relative to the war supplies, troops, the position of armies, &c., that our own soldiers get. I hear them sometimes quote the telegrams exactly. By acting in concert with the prisoners on the inside, the whole could probably escape. If they should be exchanged or escape to the enemy, they could give much valuable information that would be encouraging to the enemy.

The negro prisoners are worked under guard in daytime put back in the stockade at night. So are a few of the other prisoners.

I have the honor, Governor, to be, your obedient servant,

-----

-----

.

