HEADQUARTERS OF GENERAL GRANT,City Point, July 3, 1864-4 p. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

The Petersburg Express of yesterday proposes that the Yankees prisoners should be fed on bread and water only, rather than starve the Confederate soldiers and people in the two cities. This paper admits that while the roads are cut as at present supplies are very short, besides if the roads should be repaired, it says there is not telling how soon they will be broken again.

C. A. DANA.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 3, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Fort Delaware, Del.:

GENERAL: I telegraphed to you yesterday that, on the certificate of the surgeon in charge as to the necessity, tea and sugar for the sick, when the ration allowed is not sufficient, may be purchased with the prisoners' hospital fund. Anti-scorbutus may also be purchased with the prisoners' fund for the prisoners generally, on the surgeon's certificate that they are necessary. These, like all other purchases, must have your approval. The tea and sugar must be purchased from the commissary.

The Commissary-General of Subsistence will order a small supply of desiccated vegetables to be sent to the commander at Fort Delaware, and I wish them to be purchased as anti-scorbutic for the prisoners in place of other vegetables which are now difficult to obtain. Particular care is required in their cooking, which Dr. Silliman doubtless understands, and I request you will have the necessary instructions given.

Surgeon Alexander, acting medical inspector, reports that the One hundred and fifty-seventh Ohio is too much crowded in its quarters, which is considerably increasing the sick report. To remedy this evil I request you will place another company, or two if necessary, in tents until barracks can be provided for them. In this connection I beg to call your attention to General Orders, Numbers 160 of 1862 and 189 of May 2, 1864, which prohibit the issue of any but shelter-tents within the authority of the War Department.

Please inform me how many officers and enlisted prisoners of war can be accommodated at Fort Delaware.

A new telegraphic arrangement will be established between this city and Fort Delaware as soon as the necessary force can be obtained.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C.,Little Rock, July 3, 1864.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 27th instant [ultimo], relating to Captain James Rutherford, held as a prisoner of war at this place.

