
[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, April 29, 1864.

Copy respectfully for the information of Colonel Hoffman. The removal of Colonel Weer has been suggested and is under consideration. He has been directed to turn over to Captain Rutherford $493. 88, amount of prison fund in his possession, and to report to this Department all the circumstances connected with its receipt.

By order:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

Lieutenant Colonel Henry C. Davis asks what disposition shall be made of an amount of money belonging to a deceased Federal soldier.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 13, 1864.

Returned to Lieutenant Colonel Henry C. Davis.

If the money is forwarded to me with memorandum of the wishes of the deceased they will be carried out.

[RO. OULD.]

RICHMOND, VA., April 13, 1864.

General J. H. WINDER, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have never received any communications with regard to U. S. surgeons' deposits of money that have not been answered. I suppose that Mr. Ould refers to fifteen surgeons who, in November last, refused to take C. S. Treasury notes at the current rates for the balances of their deposits, though the deposits had been exchanged at their request.

In every sale of prisoners' funds the highest market rates have been obtained for their benefit. No sales, scarcely, have been made since November, 1863, until within the last two weeks, when I have, under the authority of Colonel A. F. Cone, assistant quartermaster-general, been purchasing "greenbacks" on account of the Government at a specific rate.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. MORFIT,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 14, 1864.

Returned to General Winder.

In your presence I gave to Captain morfit a list of moneys belonging to surgeons who went off months since. In some of the cases not one cent of the money (in the form of gold and greenbacks) had been drawn by the parties to whom it belonged, and in others only very small portions had been withdrawn. In my presence you requested Captain Morfit to make a report upon the matter, which he promised to do. Although many weeks have elapsed I have not seen or heard of the report. I would like to know what difficulty there is in the return of the money to the parties (in kind) where they have drawn none of it, and where of course, there was no need of converting it into Confederate money. Also, what difficulty there is in returning balances where some of it was used. I believe it has never been denied that the

