
You have certainly been misinformed as to his rigorous confinement. He is now, and has been since January, 1863, on parole within the limits of this city.

Colonel Livingston did not informed me that he had entered into any negotiations for Captain Rutherford's exchange.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDK. STEELE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 4, 1864.

Brigadier General D. H. RUCKER,

Chief Quartermaster, Washington Depot:

GENERAL: A supply of 20,000 gallons fresh water per day at the prisoners' camp at Point Lookout is called for. It is reported that the water is brackish in consequence of the great quantity drawn from the soil and the long drought and that disease is threatened. Possibly Fort Monroe may be able to spare a water-boat, though I think not. In the meantime let two canal-boats be fitted with casks and pumps or buckets, so as to be filled with fresh water of the Potomac, towed to Point Lookout, and moored at the dock. Two or three boats thus fitted and moved by a tug will be able to supply the quantity called for. I write to Fort Monroe and to Philadelphia and New York to charter a steam-tug fitted as a water-boat, unless one can be spared from Fort Monroe.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

[JULY 4, 1864. -For Foster to Jones, in relation to exchange of prisoners and exposure of officers to fire, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XXXV, Part II, p. 164.]

POINT LOOKOUT, MD., July 4, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER FORT DELAWARE:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to forward herewith $7,279. 50 in Confederate money, $43 in gold, $6. 35 in silver, $15 in U. S. currency, and thirty watches, belonging to Confederate officers, prisoners of war, transferred to Fort Delaware from this post June 23, 1864, invoices of the same accompanying. I also transmit one package of letters containing money belonging to the same.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. DRAPER,

Colonel Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops,

Commanding District of Saint Mary's.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPT., Numbers 50. Shreveport, La., July 4, 1864.

I. Officers in charge of prisoners of war will immediately report the names, rank, and corps of those under their charge; when, where, and by whom they were captured, with a list of all who have died or escaped. These reports will hereafter be forwarded, upon the 1st of

