
Union Springs, in the same State, and examine thoroughly into the merits of the places for the establishment of a military prison," I visited Union Springs for the purpose indicated, as the verbal instructions received seemed to contemplate my proceeding to Cahaba only in the event that Union Springs was not adapted to the purpose in view; and finding that purpose could be answered at the latter place or on the line of road of which Union Springs is the terminus, I confined my visit and investigations only to this one point and beg leave to report the following as the result:

First. Union Springs is a small village of some 700 inhabitants; is the present terminus of the Mobile and Girard Railroad, and is fifty four miles from Columbus, Ga. A suitable location for a prison is found not nearer than one mile from the railroad depot; but this location would be suitable only so far as ground is concerned. The name of the village would indicate abundance of water, so desirable in the selection of a site for a stockade. But this is a mistake. The springs are numerous, but are so scattered and are of such small capacity as to be totally unreliable for the purpose required. Nor are there running streams that would be available, for these during the rainy season swell rapidly, and, on the other hand, during protracted dry seasons cease to run altogether. Should, therefore, a stockade be erected at this point, reliance can alone be had on wells for the necessary water. These are the chief dependence of the people of the village, but furnish an abundant supply.

Second. Timber for stockade: There is no timber suitable for the purpose within a less distance than three miles of the village. Within that distance there is a small belt of pine timber, but not sufficient for the purpose. Two miles beyond this grove, or five miles from the village, an abundant supply is found. By locating the stockade at the point mentioned in paragraph required for hauling will be lessened one mile.

Third. Transportation at the place and labor: There are at present thirteen Government wagons and mules at Union Springs, which number will be increased to eighteen in hauling corn from the adjacent counties, but could be doubtless used temporarily in erecting the stockade. When the crops are laid by, which will be the case in some two weeks, I was assured by intelligent citizens that there would be no difficulty in obtaining all the transportation that might be required. The same remark is true as to labor. In two or three weeks any number of negro laborers can be had. Resort, however, must be had to impressment for both transportation and labor, the planters preferring this mode of supplying the demand as the most equitable and just.

Fourth. Present state of the surrounding country in reference to provisions: On this important point I was necessary compelled to rely much on information obtained from Major A. M. Allen, commissary of subsistence, of Columbus, Ga., who, from his position, has the best means of forming a judgment. In answer to inquiries made by him, he furnished me, at my request, with a written reply, which I beg to inclose herewith. Major Allen says "20,000 men could be subsisted there (Union Springs) from country directly tributary to it. " On my return Major Allen reiterated this opinion, adding with emphasis, he knew the supply to be abundant. I learned, further, that there is a large number of beef-cattle in the counties, tributary to the springs, especially in Henry, Coffee, and Dale. Numbers of these cattle have already been purchased for the Government, and agents are now

