
referred to is trifling compared with the advantage found in water, timber, &amp;c. In view, therefore, of all the circumstances, I beg most respectfully to recommend Silver Run as the most desirable location.

Bearing also upon the question, I beg to add that seventeen miles below Silver Run there is an excellent grain mill, with capacity to grind 300 bushels per day. There is also a mill at Union Springs with a similar capacity, and also that on the line of the railroad there are four steam saw-mills in constant operation.

Very respectfully, &c.,

C. E. DYKE,

Captain, Florida Light Artillery.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 6, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a letter received from Dr. Ellerslie Wallace, of Philadelphia, making certain inquiries in regard to the treatment of prisoners of war in the hands of the U. S. authorities, which questions he asks in behalf of a sub-committee of the U. S. Sanitary Commission. * I have prepared a reply to his questions which I respectfully submit for your consideration in order that if it be correct and it be considered expedient to give the information it may be forwarded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 6, 1864.

Dr. ELLERSLIE WALLACE,

277 South Fourth Street, Philadelphia:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 20th ultimo in which, in behalf of a committee of the U. S. Sanitary Commission, you make inquiry in relation to the condition and treatment of rebel prisoners of war in our hands. In reply you are respectfully informed that such prisoners are treated with all the consideration and kindness that might be expected of a humane and Christian people. The rations allowed to them are ample and of good quality. The reduction recently made in the prisoners' ration was for the purpose of bringing it nearer to what the rebel authorities profess to allow their soldiers, and no complaint has been heard of its insufficiency. Suitable provision has been made by the Government for supplying the prisoners with all necessary clothing and blankets, and at each depot there is a sutler authorized to sell to them at reasonable rates certain prescribed articles of comfort and convenience, such as our soldiers desire to purchase. Fuel is provided by the Army Regulations and is liberally furnished. Shelter is not denied to any "during the inclement and cold season," and for those who require them comfortable hospital accommodations and skillful medical and surgical attention are provided. The Commissary-General of Prisoners informs me that he has heard of no orders to shoot prisoners for being at the windows or near them, and he does not believe that orders of that character have anywhere been given. He has heard of no prisoners being shot under such circumstances.

---------------

*For inclosure Numbers 1 see June 20, p. 387.

---------------

