
General Butler did in the early part of this year offer to exchange prisoners, grade for grade and man for man, of those at Point Lookout and two other places, but the proposition was not acceded to by the rebel authorities. Your inquiries are thus substantially answered.

I inclose copies of the orders of the Commissary-General of Prisoners regulating the conduct and treatment of prisoners of war and the rations they now receive.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., July 6, 1864.

Captain G. W. ALEXANDER, Commanding Post, Salisbury, N. C.:

CAPTAIN: The Department has to acknowledge receipt of your communication of the 11th of June, requesting the discharge of certain Yankee deserters, who were some time since discharged on their oath of neutrality, and are now claimed as conscripts. Also authority to send other deserters now in your custody to Andersonville, Ga., to be treated as prisoners of war. Young general views are approved, and the requisite orders will be issued as soon as the Department is placed in possession of the names of the parties. Each case should be reported separately with a brief recital of the material facts and your own recommendations.

By order of the Secretary of War:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., July 6, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN H. WINDER,

Commanding Prison, Andersonville, Ga.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the Adjutant and Inspector General to make the following response to your letter of 24th ultimo:

The Department fully appreciates the importance of having an efficient force to guard the Federal prisoners at Andersonville. It was supposed the regiments of reserves ordered there would be sufficient for the purpose. If they are not, you will request General Cobb to send additional force. Troops cannot be drawn from any other source.

It is not desirable to keep a large body of prisoners together, and you were requested some time since to select a place in Alabama-Cahaba or Union Springs (the former is preferred) being suggested-to which a portion of them may be transferred. As soon as the location is determined upon, you will send to is as speedily as possible as many of the prisoners as you think it expedient to remove from Andersonville. If the necessary guard for this purpose cannot be had there, volunteers from the Reserve Corps, Lieutenant General S. D. Lee,* Meridian, Miss., will furnish it to you from the regiment of cavalry at Selma and the detachment of paroled men (now exchanged) at Demopolis, Ala. Until the reserves of Alabama, which General Withers has been

---------------

*Extract beginning "As soon as the location is determined," etc., sent to Lieutenant General S. D. Lee.

---------------

