
directed to organize and turn over to you, arrive, these troops may continue upon duty, guarding prisoners at the point you may select. You had better correspond with Generals Lee and Withers upon these matters and send them an extract from this letter, that no obstacle may be presented to the safe custody of the prisoners after they leave Andersonville.

Attention will be given to your request that Captain Vowles, Private Weatherford, and the detectives may be sent to you.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Lieutenant Colonel E. Murray, assistant adjutant-general, relative to a Yankee who was captured while guarding property.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 6, 1864.

Referred to General Gardner, commanding, &amp;c.

This prisoners will be included in the first detachment sent North by flag of truce.

[RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.]

[JULY 7, 1864. -For Foster to Halleck (two letters), in relation to the exchange of officers, &c., see Series I, Vol. XXXV, Part II, p. 170.]
HEADQUARTERS FORT DELAWARE, DEL., July 7, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the prisoners' sinks were moved closer to shore on account of their having been carried away by ice during the winter. They are all washed by the tide with the exception of the hospital sinks, and I had already ordered a double force pump for each one of the sinks with sufficient hose and power to keep them in a constantly pure and healthy condition, and at less cost and with greater security than the extension of these sinks would prove to be. These pumps will be in operation this week, and will certainly prove entirely satisfactory.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAMP SUMTER, July [7, 1864].

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector-General:

After examination, Silver Run, twenty miles from Columbus, Ga., on the road to Union Springs, Ala., is the most suitable place to establish a depot for prisoners of war. Neither Cahaba nor Union Springs will answer. Silver Run every way suitable. Shall I proceed to establish the depot? I report in full by mail.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

