HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., July 8, 1864.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

A telegram from the Secretary of War says you direct the release of Doctor Barrett, of this city, who is now confined in Gratiot Street Prison, under charges of disloyal and treasonable practices against the Government. He is one of that band of leaders in the conspiracy order of which I have sent you a report, to explain which I desired, but did not receive, permission to see you personally. His release would endanger the public peace and defeat the ends of justice, and I respectfully request a reversion of the order.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 8, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Confederate Forces, near Petersburg, Va.:

I would request that Colonel James F. Jaquess, Seventy-third Illinois Volunteer Infantry, and J. R. Gilmore, esq., be allowed to meet Colonel Robert Ould, commissioner for the exchange of prisoners, at such place between the lines of the two armies as you may designate. The object of the meeting is legitimate with Colonel Ould as commissioner. If not consistent for you to grant the request here asked, I would beg that this be referred to President Davis for his action.

Requesting as early an answer to this communication as you may find it convenient to make, I subscribe myself, &amp;c.,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., July 8, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of five general officers and forty-five field officers, rebel prisoners of war, under the charge of Major E. N. Strong, aide-de-camp.

They are now confined on board of vessels, anchored under the guns of the Wabash. As soon as strong jails, now constructing, can be put up near Fort Gregg these prisoners will be placed in them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., July 8, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Dept. of the Gulf, Headquarters New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: On the 2nd instant I had the honor of inclosing to you a letter in reply to yours of the 2nd ultimo in relation to prisoners of war forwarded from New Orleans to Fort Monroe in June, 1863. My letter was probably in the mail which was lost a few days since by the sinking of the mail steamer Locust Point on the passage from New York to

