
New Orleans, and I therefore inclose herewith a copy of it. I retained no copies of the lists which accompanied my letter and I am therefore unable to send you duplicates of them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE MOBILE AND GIRARD RAILROAD,

Columbus, Ga., July 8, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I have learned that an agent of the C. S. Army has been instructed to select a place for the confinement of prisoners taken from the U. S. Army and that he has chosen a spot on this road. Now, while it may and probably would prove to be for the pecuniary advantage of this road to have the encampment on it, will it not be an injury to the army stores of provisions? Every pound of meat or bushel of grain that passes over this road can be sent via Macon to Atlanta, or via Augusta to Virginia, and thus reach either of our armies, while there are countless thousands of bushels of grain west of the Alabama River that can not be made available for the want of transportation over the Montgomery and West Point Railroad. Would it not be sound policy to have the encampment somewhere west of Selma, on the Alabama River? It is a better provision country and equally as safe and healthy. I suggest this for your consideration.

Respectfully, yours,

W. H. MITCHELL,

President.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 9, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

When did the Secretary of War telegraph you to release Doctor Barrett? If it is an old thing let it stand till you hear further.

A. LINCOLN.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 9, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, U. S. Army,

Commissary-General of Prisoners of War, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I inclosed I have the honor to transmit report of inspection made at Point Lookout, Md., July 1, 1864, complying with instructions received, dated Washington, June 19, 1864.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. ALEXANDER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

[Inclosure.]

Report of a medical inspection of the camp and prison hospital of the prisoners of war, commanded by Colonel Draper, Thirty-sixth Colored Regiment, made on the 1st day of July, 1864, by Surg. C. T. Alexander, medical inspector, U. S. Army.

1. Camp, name and geographical position-Point Lookout, Saint Mary's County, Md. 2. Topography of surrounding country-peninsula

