
money specified in the list was taken from the surgeons. Major Turner says it was, and I believe has receipts to show it. It is entirely certain that the money has not been returned. I will thank General Winder if he will cause Captain Morfit to show the history and present condition of the particular sums of money mentioned in the aforesaid list.

[RO. OULD.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT IF TEXAS, Numbers 104. Houston, April 13, 1864.

* * * * *

II. The provost-marshal will turn over the political prisoners, Baldwin, Peebles, Zinke, Zeeliger, Hillebrand, Gildart, and Kendall, to Captain W. G. Webb, who, with sufficient detail, will escort them to Anderson, Grimes County, and confine them in the jail prepared by Captain W. S. Good. He will guard them there until further orders. Quartermaster will furnish transportation by rail and stage.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAYOR'S OFFICE, Portsmouth, Va., April 14, 1864.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN, President of the United States;

SIR: I have been induced by many loyal citizens of this city to make the following request: As there are many persons now confined as prisoners of war in our military prisons who, if permitted, would take the oath of allegiance to the United States in good faith - many citizens of this city whose families are destitute are now confined, and would, if permitted, returned to their allegiance and families, as many are personally known to me -I will, if permitted, visit the different military prisons and examine persons from this city, and all citizens of this city who are now confined, and I find after examination I can vouch for, I will recommend their release. I shall not recommend the release of any person unless I am satisfied unless I am satisfied he is worthy, and I will be responsible for the good behavior of all persons released at my request.

I would ask this in behalf of the suffering wives and children of the deluded victims of secession, and hope if not incompatible with the public interest you will grant the request.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL COLLINS,

Mayor.

[Indorsement.]

WASHINGTON, April 20, 1864.

There can be no doubt of the humane purpose of this application, but its acceptance would introduce a precedent whose practice would be productive of great inconvenience if not of positive evil. It would virtually appoint a special commissioner to visit the prisons for purposes rendered unnecessary by the fact that no obstruction whatever stands in the way of the prisoners to prevent their representing their own cases by letters under the supervision of competent officers whose humanity and judgment are unimpeached.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

