
origin-diarrhea, dysentery, typhoid. 14. Diseases, prevention, mitigation-good water and vegetables. 15. Recoveries from disease, wounds, rapid or tardy-tardy. 16. Mortality from diseases, wounds, per cent. -10 per cent. 17. Vaccination-discontinued for present, unhealthy ulcers following. 18. Interments, how conducted and recorded-properly, headboard marking each grave, giving name, rank, company, and regiment.

Absent medical officer accounted for-J. H. Thompson; rank, surgeon; regiment, U. S. Volunteers; cause of absence, and by what authority, sickness of family, General Augur; date of leaving the command, July 5, 1864.

Special reports respecting the skill, efficiency, and conduct of officers and attendants connected with the medical department, report of vacancies in medical department: J. H. Thompson, surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, competent, skillful; L. F. Russell, acting assistant surgeon, U. S. Army, efficient; E. W. Walton, acting assistant surgeon, U. S. Army, efficient W. Broadbent, acting assistant surgeon, U. s. Army, efficient. Conduct of officers and attendants-good.

Instructions and directions given to medical officers; recommendations for the action of the medical inspector-general: The surgeon in charge being a man competent to discharge the duties pertaining to his position, having his hospital well disciplined and policed, no special instructions were given.

Notes referred to this report.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, U. S. Army,

Commissary-General of Prisoners of War, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I deem it proper to call your attention especially to the following points: First. The water, being brackish and scanty, is causing a large increase of disease. This should be remedied at once by a sufficient supply of fresh water being furnished by boats until condensers suitable for the purpose are obtained. a Second. the misunderstanding in reference to the construction of a hospital. At present material has been purchased only sufficient to erect one ward, this being understood as your order on the subject. A necessity exists for the building as soon as practicable at least six wards, with laundry, mess-room, kitchen, and sinks. Third. An extra issue of anti-scorbutic to correct the scurvy and tendency thereto now existing. If it could be so arranged that the Baltimore and Fortress Monroe daily boat could touch at this point it would be a great convenience. Among the prisoners is a woman, Sarah Jane Perkins, whose removal is desirable.

C. T. ALEXANDER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Acting Medical Inspector, U. S. Army.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., July 9, 1864.

Surg. CHARLES T. ALEXANDER,

Acting Medical Inspector, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: You will proceed without delay to examine into the sanitary condition of the depot for prisoners of war just established at Elmira, N. Y., under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Eastman, and to confer

---------------

a Please see my special report of July 1, 1864.

---------------

