
with him as to the measures necessary to be taken to place the depot in proper condition. You understand my views as to the mode of carrying out the regulations contained in the circular form this office of April 20, and will be able to give any explanations which Colonel Eastman may desire. Make such recommendations as to the interior management of the hospital as you may deem proper and request them to be put in force. In making your report use the forms prescribed for the medical inspectors of the Army, and remark on all mattes embraced under the several headings noted thereon. Having completed the inspection, you will report in person at this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CAMP SUMTER, July 9, 1864.

Major WILLIAM L. BAILEY, Quartermaster, Richmond, Va.:

The Commissary-General is purchasing all the greenbacks at this post at $4. 50, consequently I shall not be able to furnish you at a less price. If Quartermaster-General and Commissary-General will agree on one price, can arrange to purchase what amount you may need.

R. B. WINDER,

Captain and Post Quartermaster.

CAMP SUMTER, Andersonville, Ga., July 9, 1864.

Major N. W. SMITH, Augusta, Ga.:

MAJOR: I have exchanged my young mules with Captain Johnson, as requested. I need very much at this post ten small, compact saddle horses, and in conversation with Captain Johnson the other day he said he could easily procure them for me if so instructed. Please give at once the necessary instructions, as this will in nowise affect his supply of horses suitable for artillery purposes, the kind of horse I want being entirely too small for such purpose.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. WINDER,

Captain and Post Quartermaster.

ANDERSONVILLE, July 9, 1864. (Received 11th.)

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

Send me the officers I have asked for. I have not officers enough for the duty. The guard is raw and dissatisfied. I must have the assistance of more officers. Send me the detectives I have asked for. There is treason going on around, us even to depositing arms in the adjacent counties to arm the prisoners.

I am obliged to commit the investigation to incompetent hands and I fear it will fail. We are in a critical situation. Do send me the assistance I ask. Believe me there is very great danger here. Twelve of the reserves deserted last night with arms, and I cannot depend upon them. Has Lieutenant Davis arrived in Richmond?

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

