HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 10, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, Commanding U. S. Armies:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 8th instant, requesting that an interview take place between Colonel James F. Jaquess and J. R. Gilmore, esq., and Colonel Robert Ould, commissioner for the exchange of prisoners.

I will submit the communication to the Secretary of War and you will be duly informed of his decision. Should the proposition be acceded to, the time and place most convenient for the meeting will be made known to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS FORT DELAWARE, DEL., July 10, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that one of the sentinels here, in the faithful performance of his duty, on the night of the 8th [7th] instant shot and mortally wounded Colonel E. Pope Jones, One hundred and ninth Virginia Regiment, who died from the effects of the would on the night of the 9th instant. As a justification of the act I submit the report of the court of inquiry, which clearly exonerates the sentinel from any blame. Many of the prisoners have been accustomed to insult and trifle with the sentinels because they are militia, and this shooting is one of the results of it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FORT DELAWARE, DEL.,Numbers 213. July 8, 1864.

Captain Alex. Smith and Lieutenant J. F. Daton, of the One hundred and fifty-seventh Regiment Ohio National State Guard, and Lieutenant William Hall, of Battery G, Pennsylvania Artillery, will constitute a board of examination, to convene without delay at the garrison guard-room, and inquire into the shooting of Lieutenant Colonel E. P. Jones, One hundred and ninth Virginia, C. S. Army, a prisoner of war, by Private William G. Douglass, Company C, One hundred and fifty-seventh Ohio National State Guard, while on duty as sentinel on the night of July 7, 1864. They will report the full facts in the case to the commanding general.

By command of Brigadier General A. Schoepf:

HENRY WARNER,

Second Lieutenant and Adjutant.

In pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 213, hereto attached, issued from headquarters at Fort Delaware, Del., on July 8, 1864, a board of examination-composed of the following officers: Captain Alexander Smith, One hundred and fifty-seventh Regiment Ohio State National Guard; Daton, One hundred and fifty-seventh Regiment Ohio State National Guard-assembled at the garrison guard-room on said day for the purpose therein expressed.

