
Private William G. Douglas made the following statement:

I am a private, Company C, One hundred and fifty-seventh Regiment Ohio State National Guard. On yesterday was acting as sentinel at Post Numbers 20; went on guard between 7 and 9 p. m. Some time between those hours a rebel came out of the sink-the officer's sink-and stopped about ten minutes. I told him to "leave; " think he was twenty or thirty feet from me; went and turned the light; came back and said "Now, you must leave. " Then I said the third time, "If you don't leave, I'll shoot you. " The man still stood there. I said again, "Leave. " He muttered something, and then I shot him.

William Huscroft's statement:

I am a private, Company C, One hundred and fifty-seventh Regiment Ohio State National Guard; was on guard July 7, 1864, between the hours of 7 and 9 p. m., post 19 1/2; heard sentry on post 20 tell somebody to " move on" or "go on," ain't certain which; heard him say second time the same thing; next time said to them man. "Move on, damn you, or I'll shoot you," or something to that amount; next he raised his gun his shoulder and cocked it, I could hear the click; next he fired; don't know the time exactly between the challenges; think it was about a minute; sentinel challenged distinctly.

Edmund Huntsman's statement:

I am a private, Company C, One hundred and fifty-seventh Regiment Ohio State National Guard; was on guard yesterday at post 19 between 7 and 9 p. m. ; heard sentry of post 20 say, " Move on; "

the second time he said, "Move on; " again the third time he said, "Move on, or damn you, I'll shoot you; " saw sentinel raise his piece; heard him cock his piece, when he drew it up he said "move on" again, and then he fired; he challenged him distinctly. I heard the sentinel distinctly.

James Adams' statement:

I am a private, One hundred and fifty-seventh Ohio State National Guard; was on post Numbers 21, July 7, 1864, between the hours of 7 and 9 p. m. ; heard the sentinel on post Numbers 20 say the first time to somebody, "Move on; " the second time he said, "Get out there; " the third time he said, "Damn you, go on; " the reb. turned around and said something; don't know what it was; after that I saw the sentinel jerk down his gun; didn't see anything more till I heard the report of the gun; heard sentinel challenge him distinctly three times; there was quite a pause between each challenge.

John Zinc's statement:

I am a private, Company F, One hundred and fifty-seventh Regiment Ohio State National Guard; was on guard at post Numbers 22, on July 7, 1864, between the hours of 7 and 9 p. m. ; heard sentry at post Numbers 20 say to somebody, "Go away from there; " think that was the expression; heard sentry say second time, "Move on; " heard sentry say third time, "Go away," or "move on," or "I'll be God-damned if I don't shoot; " didn't hear anything more after that; heard report of the gun and corporal of the guard Numbers 20 called; heard the challenge distinctly.

Richard W. Woodward's statement:

I am a private, Battery A, Pennsylvania Artillery, was on guard yesterday between 7 and 9 p. m. at post Numbers 23; heard sentry at post Numbers 20 say to somebody, "Go in; " heard him say a second time, "Go in; " third time heard him say, "Go in or I'll shoot you; " just before the sentinel called the fourth time somebody said something, and the sentinel challenged again; this was the fourth time; sentinel said this time, "Go in," and immediately fired. I heard the sentinel challenge him distinctly each time.

The circumstance occurred at half-past 8 p. m.

W. G. Nuget's statement:

FORT DELAWARE, July 8, 1864.

I examined the wounds of Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, One hundred and ninth Virginia, C. S. Army, on the night of Thursday, July 7, 1864. The ball entered the right, shoulder, fracturing the humerus about one inch below the shoulder joint; penetrated the chest and made its exit therefrom at the junction of the fifth rib with the sternum of right side.

The pleura was wounded, but there is no symptom leading to the belief that there was any injury done to the lung. There were two wounds in the shoulder, one made by the entrance of the ball, the other in all probability by the exit of a buck-shot, or a fragment of bone shattered from the humerus.

