
The hemorrhage from the chest was very profuse, and although very seriously wounded his symptom are this morning favorable.

W. G. NUGENT,

Acting Assistant Surgeon.

We, the undersigned, commissioned officers, appointed as a board of examination in pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 213, for the purpose therein expressed, do find that Lieutenant Colonel E. P. Jones, One hundred and ninth Virginia, C. S. Army, was shot by said Private William G. Douglas, Company C, One hundred and fifty-seventh Regiment Ohio State National Guard, on the night of July 7, 1864.

We further find that said Jones was shot by said Douglas while said Douglass was in discharge of his duty as a sentinel, and exonerate said Douglas from all blame.

ALEXANDER SMITH,

Captain Company F, 157th Regiment Ohio State National Guard.

J. FLETCHER DATON,

Lieutenant, Company C, 157th Regiment Ohio State National Guard.

WM. HALL,

Second Lieutenant, Pennsylvania Artillery, Battery G.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., July 16, 1864.

Respectfully submitted for the consideration of the Secretary of War.

The within proceedings do not snow under what orders the sentinel acted, or that he had any orders to meet such a case. There are many ways of punishing a prisoners for disobedience of a sentinel's order when not attended with a demonstration of violence without going to the extremity of shooting him down; and in the case reported there seems to have ben nothing to call for severe measures. If the sentinel was governed by his orders, as from the proceedings it may be presumed he was, he is excusable, and the responsibility rests upon the commanding officer.

A copy of instructions on this point addressed to Brigadier-General Schoepf is herewith inclosed.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 19, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the commissioner for exchange of prisoners for remark.

By order of the Secretary of War:

LOUIS H. POLOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

JULY 21, 1864.

If prisoners of war obstinately refuse obedience to the orders of a sentinel, as appears to have been case in this instance, very unfortunate consequences are to be expected.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

