
Weekly report of the condition of the military prisons, Post of Saint Louis.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 10, 1864.

Condition of Gratiot Street Prison. -1. Buildings-in need of repairs; kept very clean. 2. Sinks and yards-since repaired, in much better condition. 3. Kitchens and mess-rooms-in very good order. 4. Cleanliness of prisoners-very satisfactory.5. Quarters and bedding- satisfactory. 6. Hospital-very satisfactory as far as system, cleanliness, and treatment of the sick is concerned.

Condition of Myrtle Street Prison. - 1. Buildings-too small for the purpose; kept pretty clean. 2. Sinks and yards-could have been kept much cleaner. The building materials in the yard ought to be removed. 3. Kitchens and mess-rooms-not with sufficient system and accuracy. 4. Cleanliness of prisoners-could be better. 5. Quarters and bedding-somewhat in disorder.

The more I become familiar with these institutions the more I feel it my duty to renew my recommendations in behalf of a thorough repair of both prisons. A small amount appropriated for this purpose would not only make good and commodious prisons and facilitate the classification and control of the prisoners, but also enable us to reduce the guard now mounted for these institutions of about 75 per cent. Respectfully referring to my recommendation of February 8, in reference to a charge in the commandership of Myrtle Streep Prison, I would respectfully recommend that the commandant of prisons be ordered to prepare some positive rules and regulations for the government of the respective prison commanders. This would enable your prison inspector to detect with more certainty any violation of existing orders without fear of coming into conflict with the direct superior officer of the prison. As it is now, the duties of the commander of the prisons seem not to be properly defined, and inasmuch as your inspector is not permitted to order reformations, which are sometimes of immediately necessity, some conflict with the prison commander's arrangements will be unavoidable, as for instance, in case of an attack on Gratiot Street Prison.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

GUST. HEINRICHS,

Major and Prison Inspector.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., July 13, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

The cause of three days' delay is owing to the fact that it was only handed to me to-day. I fully concur with Major Heinrichs that the but I doubt whether the repairs needed to make Gratiot Street Prison what it should be would not require such an expenditure as to render it a matter of more economy to the Government at once to build a barracks prison either at Jefferson Barracks or Quarantine Island. A change in the command of Myrtle Street Prison has taken place, and I hope for an improvement in its management in consequence thereof. I am not prepared to adopt the suggestion of Major Heinrichs with regard to changing the rules for the government of the commandants

