
at the prisons. To give him the authority he desires would be practically to make two commandants of each prison, and conflict and trouble would be the inevitable consequence.

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General Department of the Missouri.

DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,

Near Sandusky, Ohio, July 10, 1864.

Captain A. N. MEAD, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of an inspection of prison this morning:

The policing during the week has been thoroughly done. The grounds are in very good order. Barracks are not as clean as usual on account of the mud, a heavy shower having just fallen. The hospital is clean and airy and is pretty well filled with patients. Out of a total of 2,318 prisoners last Sunday 47 were sick. To-day the total number is 2,360, with a sick list of 58, showing an increase of 11 from an increase of 42 prisoners during the week. No deaths during the past week.

E. A SCOVILL,

Major 128th Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Superintended of Prison.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL OF PRISONERS

ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,

Rock Island, Ill., July 10, 1864.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON,

Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the police condition of prison and hospitals as follows:

The street of prison inclosure are kept clean and in good condition. The external as well as the internal appearance of the prison and hospital buildings is much improved by the whitewashing recently received. The kitchens in both departments are in good condition. The general appearance of the prisoners is clean and tidy and they are usually comfortably clad. The bedding of the prisoners being well aired each day, the sanitary condition of both prison and hospital departments is excellent.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CARAHER,

Lieutenant Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps,

Provost-Marshal of Prisoners.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,Rock Island, Ill., July 14, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel William Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, with the remark that the bountiful showers of rain which we have had during the week have cleansed and renovated the prison yard, and its sanitary condition is excellent.

A. J. JOHNSON,

Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.

