
some taken into the woods and hung. Others I saw stripped of all their clothing and then stood upon the bank of the river with their faces riverward and there they were shot. Still others were killed by having their beaten out by the butt end of the muskets in the hands of the rebels. All were not killed the day of the capture. Those that were not were placed in a room with their officers, they (the officers) having previously been dragged through the town with ropes around their necks, where they were kept confined until the following morning, when the remainder of the black soldiers were killed.

The regiments most conspicuous in these murderous transactions were the Eighth North Carolina and, I think, the Sixth North Carolina.

SAMUEL (his x mark) JOHNSON.

Witnessed by John I. Davenport, lieutenant and acting aide-de-camp.

Sworn and subscribed to before me this 11th day of July, 1864.

JOHN CASSELS,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, July 12, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS, Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 2nd ultimo, addressed to the Adjutant-General, asking that certain Confederate prisoners might be sent to Colonel Killborn, at New Orleans, for exchange, having been referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners, that officer reports that the officers embraced in the lists transmitted by you, with the exception of one who died at Johnston's Island, made their escape from the steam-boat while on their way from Fortress Monroe to Fort Delaware, and that the enlisted men were delivered to the rebel agent of exchange at City Point on the 6th day of July. 1863.

Your obedient servant,

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, Va., July 12, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

SIR: There is now a considerable sum of money in the hands of Captain Clarence Morfit, assistant quartermaster, quartermaster of prisons in this city. This sum consist principally of U. S. currency, and is between $35,000 and $40,000 in amount. Many of the prisoners to whom it belonged are dead. The greater portion belongs to prisoners who have been removed to the prisons at Macon and Andersonville, Ga. It has been that habit of the quartermaster to retain the money of each prisoners in a separate parcel. I respectfully request that specific direction be given the quartermaster for the disposition of these funds. I beg leave most respectfully to make the following suggestions: The end to be obtained is to so dispose of the funds that the rightful claimants may in the future be enabled to assert their claims and have preserved the evidence to sustain them. Another object should be to permit such of the owners as are still confined the proper use of these funds. I suggest that these ends may be attained by direction the quartermaster to turn to the Treasury of the Confederate States the funds of all prisoners not now confined in Richmond at such rate of exchange as may from time to time be established. A complete list of these amounts should be returned to Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, and also forwarded to the prisons in the Southern State. The quartermaster of prisons to which the prisoners have been removed

