
[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Richmond, July 23, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Honorable J. A. Campbell, Assistant Secretary of War.

The parole administered to these parties is invalid. They are never recognized by the enemy. Besides, all medical officers when captured are, be agreement, to be unconditionally released.

W. H. HATCH,

Assistant Agent of Exchange.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 14, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, U. S. Army,

Commissary-General Prisoners of War, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on the 11th of this month, complying with instructions received from you, I inspected the camp for prisoners of war recently established at Elmira, N. Y. The camp is at present in good condition. Your attention is respectfully called to the sinks. Some being placed upon a slough, at present stagnant, others over vaults, they may soon become offensive and a source of disease. The remedy suggested is either to bring water from the city of Elmira and construct new sinks with suitable drainage, or to cause the river near which the camp is situated to communicate with the slough, thereby producing a running steam through the camp. Upon the cost of the first method and the practicability of the second the commanding officer was requested to inform you without delay, sending at the same time a plan of the camp all might be readily understood. The barracks for the prisoners will accommodate 5,000, and there is room sufficient in the inclosure to pitch tents for from 3,000 to 5,000 more. The barracks are of three sizes-first, twenty, 18 feet by 88 feet, 8 feet high, intended for 100 our men; second, eight kitchens, 18 feet square, accommodating each 28 prisoners; third, ten, 20 feet by 80 feet, 12 feet high, intended for 150 of our men, now never used. At present the guard-house in the camp is occupied by prisoners other than prisoners of war, there being no secure place for them elsewhere. At present there is no proper hospital organization. The surgeon in charge of the hospitals for the troops at Elmira visit daily the prisoners' camp. He had as an assistant to look specially after the prisoners a young, man, lately a medicated, recently contracted with, and not a suitable person to organize or control a hospital such as will be needed. I found the sick, fortunately but few, in no way suitably provided for except as for shelter; died not suitable; some without bedsacks; blankets scare. You attention is called to the immediate necessity of a competent surgeon to take charge. After consulting with the commanding officer, a site was chosen for a hospital and directions given that a laundry and three pavilion wards should be immediately built, one to be so divided as to make suitable apartments for administrative duties. A building formerly used as a carpenter shop is so situated as to be serviceable as kitchen and mess-room, and is to be altered to suit as such. The cost per ward will be about $500. I also stated to the commanding officer the necessity of having a requisition at once made for supplies for hospital of 300 beds.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. ALEXANDER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Acting Medical Inspector.

30 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII

