
[Inclosure.]

Report of a medical inspection of the camp and field hospital of the Elmira Camp for prisoners of war, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Eastman, U. S. Army, made on the 11th day of July, 1864, by Surg. C. T. Alexander, acting medical inspector of prisoners of war.

1. Camp, name and geographical position--Barracks Numbers 3, Elmira N. Y. 2. Topography of surrounding country-hilly. 3. Topography of locality, soil, drainage-Valley of Chemung River; soil, sandy, gravel; drainage, good. 4. Water, source, supply, quality, effects- from hills, abundant, good, healthy. 5. Fuel, whence obtained, kind supply-coal and wood, abundant, obtained on contract. 6. Camp, how arranged, how long occupied-in share, occupied for prisoners since July 6, 1864. 7. Camp, previous use of ground-encampment for recruits for three years past. 8. Barracks, construction, size, number of men to each-see letter of transmittal. 9. Barracks, heating, cleansing, ventilation-stoves, clean, well ventilated. 10. Sinks and cesspools, construction, position, management-some built over slough, others over vaults, clean; see letter. 11. Removal of offal and rubbish, police of camp-good. 12. Rations, quality, quantity, variety-good. 13. Vegetables and pickles, kinds, amount, how obtained-, conforming to orders; extra issues on surgeon's requisition. 14. Rations, how cooked, how inspected, messing-in Farmer's boilers, daily inspected by officer in charge, two large mess-rooms, space for 200 feet extension. 15. Clothing, condition, deficiencies-fair, deficient in blouses, pants, blankets, shirts, bootees. 16. Men. morale, sanitary condition, personal cleanliness-good, for prisoners.

Hospital-no hospital established. See letter of transmittal. Sick, ratio of, to strength of command-not ascertained. Sick, condition, cleanliness-bad. Diseases prevalent-diarrhea principally. Diseases of local origin-none.

C. T. ALEXANDER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Lieutenant Colonel and Medical Inspector, U. S. Army.

STATE OF INDIANA, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Indianapolis, July 14, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have been induced to write you in behalf of a large body of rebel prisoners in Camp Morton whose condition, it seems to me, demands special attention. I refer to 350 or 400 Louisiana who are among the captured at &lt;Ki,],. I have been informed, and believe the information to be true, that they refused to be paroled, and were promised by General Logan, I think, they should be discharged on taking the amnesty oath, which they desired to do when captured. They were from New Orleans and its immediate vicinity, and have repeatedly applied to the authorities here for the permission asked. It is said applications has been made some time ago, but for some reason no action taken. The question has been presented so urgently that, by direction of Governor Morton, I address you to ask instructions as to the proper mode of application for their release. I confess that we ought to know how to proceed in the affair and were about to address the Secretary of State, but in order to give in the right direction have concluded to write

