
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., July 16, 1864.

Surg. C. T. ALEXANDER,

Acting Medical Inspector Prisoners of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: You will proceed without delay to make an inspection of the sanitary condition of the military prisons in the West and the general management of the several branches of the service as connected with prisoners at those stations. Examine into all matters mentioned and provided for in the printed circulares from this office, particularly as to the disbursement of and accountability for the hospital and prison fund, and also the manner of accounting for money deposited by individual prisoners. You will visit the prisons in the following order: Johnson's Island Camp Douglas (Ill.), Rock Island, Saint Louis, Alton, Camp Morton (Ind.), Louisville, Cincinnati, and Camp Chase (Ohio). Report by telegraph your arrival at and departure from each station, and from each station forward a report of your inspections. When changes are necessary in the administration of the affairs of the hospital to improve the condition of the sick you will order them made, and you will direct such improvements in the accommodations for the sick and in the public arrangements as may be indispensably necessary, provided they can be made at a small expense. For improvements costing more than $100 the matter, which an estimate of the cost, should be submitted to this office.

It is not expected that anything more will be done to provide for the welfare of rebel prisoners than is absolutely necessary, and in directing or recommending expenditures for their benefit you will have this constantly in mind. Structures which may be ordered for them must be of a temporary and cheap character, through suitable to give protection against inclement weather and to serve the war. Hospitals will not be fitted up with all the conveniences which are provided in hospitals for Federal soldiers, but enough will be allowed to insure good police and to meet all necessary wants of the sick. Having performed above ordered, you will report in person at this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

INDIANAPOLIS, July 16, 1864.

Colonel HOFFMAN:

Have 4,965 prisoners. Can provide for 500 more.

A. A. STEVENS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Samuel Johnson, first sergeant, U. S, colored cavalry, makes affidavit as to the butchery of Union colored soldiers at Plymouth, N. C. *

[Indorsement.]

JULY 16, 1864.

This is a villainous lie, and badly told at that. Samuel Johnson is a bad affidavit man, whatever may be his other excellencies. If the truth is wanted, let inquiry be made of Colonel Beach, or other captured officers, always excepting the chaplains.

[RO. OULD.]

* See July 11, p. 459.

