
MACON, July 16, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Cahaba not all suited for a large prison-timber too distant. Cost will be enormous. Still worse, the time to build will be entirely too long for any useful purpose. Union Springs only thirty miles from Silver Run on same road.

I sent an officer to General Johnston to explain the state of things here. He made no objections to Silver Run, but directed the officer to tell me to separate prisoners; if I would take care of them he would take care of the raids. Silver Run is the most convenient place that I can hear of; the next place is Pulaski County, Ga. I have received the following telegram: "General Withers, commanding reserves, says he cannot furnish guard. " Signed by Joel Ruggs, adjutant and inspector general, Alabama. Please answer me at once.

JNO H. WINDER.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA AND EAST TENNESSEE,Abingdon, July 17, 1864.

Brigadier General S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Commanding U. S. Forces in Kentucky:

GENERAL: Information has reached me that General Hobson and staff, who were captured by the forces under my command at Cynthiana, Ky., on the 11th ultimo, have been returned to duty, and that the officers who were deputed by me to accompany them to Cincinnati under flag of truce have been retained as prisoners of war. I am very loath to believe that all this is true, the more so since it was at the earnest solicitation of General Hobson himself that he was permitted to return within your lines. He gave his parole of honor that if he if he was not successful in his efforts to exchange himself and staff for officers of my command now held by the Federal Government that he would return with the "flag" within my lines wherever they might be at the time this result was determined. It has been some five weeks since the "flag" referred to was sent out and yet nothing has been heard from it. I cannot think there has been so fragrant a violation of faith as is herein indicated, and to promote a better "Ku I beg leave respectfully to ask what has been the action of your Government in the premisses.

I am, very r,

JNO H. MORGAN,

Brigadier General, Commanding.

OFFICE OF SUPERINTENDENT OF PRISON,

Johnson's Island, Ohio, July 17, 1864.

Captain JUNIUS R. SANFORD, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of Sunday morning inspection in prison: The barracks and grounds near them are in good order. The ground taken in be the moving of the fence all moved to new pits along new line of fence. The old pits are covered with boards and earth thrown over them. Lime cannot be had in sufficient quantities for purifying. Copperas has been used with good effect, but is not as good as lime for the purpose. No deaths during

