
the week. Number of prisoners last Sunday, 2,360; number of prisoners to-day, 2,406; increase, 46; sick last Sunday, 49; sick to-day, 47; decrease, 2, showing an increase of 46 prisoners and a decrease of 2 sick.

E. A. SCOVILL,

Major 128th Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Superintendent of Prison.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES AT JOHNSON'S ISLAND AND SANDUSKY,Johnson's Island, Ohio, July 19, 1864.

Approved and respectfully forwarded to Colonel William Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

This is transmitted under the belief that it may be the second one forwarded for the same day. Major Scovill's report for the 17th was received in time, and if not indorsement and forwarded that day (as I believe it was) it must have blown off from my desk or been mislaid. Not being certain of sending it, I asked for another copy and now transmit it.

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Weekly report of the condition of the military prisons, Post of Saint Louis.

SAINT LOUIS, July 17, 1864.

Condition of Gratiot Street Prison. -Buildings-in need of repairs, kept very clean. Sinks and yards-in good condition and attentively kept in order. Kitchens and mess-rooms-clean and in good order. Cleanliness of prisoners-very satisfactory. Quarters and bedding- satisfactory. Hospital-very satisfactory as far as cleanliness and treatment of prisoners is concerned. As to the medical department, I can of course have no opinion.

Condition of Murtle Street Prison-Buildings-too small for the purpose. Cleanliness-improving since last report. Sick and yards-in an improving condition. Kitchen and mess-rooms-satisfactory. Cleanliness of prisoners-soldiers generally clean, not so with the citizens. Quarters and bedding-somewhat in disorder, ought to be more systematically attended to.

I also have the honor to transmit herewith communication from the commanding officer of Myrtle Street Prison in relation to some alterations and repairs. * The propositions of Captain Brooke are very practical, and I respectfully recommend that these alternations be made as soon as possible. The result of my inspection of this week is that Gratiot Street Prison, as always, is well governed, and that Myrtle Street Prison is much improving under the new commander.

I have the honor, colonel, to remain, your obedient servant,

GUST. HEINRICHS,

Major and Inspector of Prisons.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., July 19, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

I fully concur, from my own observation and inspections, in all that

* Omitted.

