
is stated by Major Heinrichs as to the condition of the buildings, sinks, yards, kitchens, and mess-rooms, and cleanliness of prisoners. So in regard to his remarks to the bedding; attention has been specially directed to the matter and an improvement is anticipated. I have directed an examination of the proposed alterations and an estimate of the cost of them, which will be forwarded as soon as received, with such remarks as may suggest themselves. Myrtle Street Prison, under the direction of its new commander, is improving in every respect.

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., July 17, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith copies of letters received by me from Major General Sam. Jones, commanding Confederate forces in South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida; also copies of my letters in reply to the same. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

JULY 17, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Instruct General Winder to exercise his best judgment to procure safe prisons for the prisoners, and to proceed to distribute and procure safe guards in the best manner and which the least delay forthwith. He must act on his own responsibility, as there is no time for consultation, nor knowledge to enable us to instruct. #

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Indorsement.]

Telegram sent July 17, 1864.

ON TRANSPORT B. L.:DKV&lt;, July 18, 1864.

Colonel CHARLES C. DWIGHT,

Commissioner of Exchange on behalf Major-General Banks:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that I will be at Red River Landing, "Mouth Red River," on Friday, 22 instant, with a full equivalent of Federal prisoners for the Confederate prisoners that you have notified me you are prepared to exchange.

Trusting you will meet me with the prisoners at the place and time designated,

I have the honor to remain, colonel, your obedient servant,

IG. SZYMANSKI,

Asst. Adjt. General and Actg. Agent of Exchange, Trans-Mississippi Dept.

* See Jones to Foster, July 13 (three letters), and Foster to Jones, July 16, Series I, Vol. XXXIV, Part II, p. 174, 175.

# See Winder to Cooper, July 16, p. 469.

