
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., July 18, 1864.

General J. H. WINDER, Andersonville,

Confer with General B. Bragg, now at Montgomery, as to location of prisons and disposition of prisoners, and conform to his instructions.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CAMP SUMTER, Andersonville, Ga., July 18, 1864.

Major W. L. BAILEY:

I am so seriously in need of funds that I do not know what I shall do. For God's sake send me $100,000 for prisoners of war and $75,000 for pay of officers and troops stationed here. You can put in my estimates, and if you only knew what trouble I was in here for the want of funds I know you would do your very best to send me at once above amounts. I have only had $75,000 since 1st of April.

Hoping you will give above matters you immediate attention,

I am, your obedient servant,

R. B. WINDER,

Captain and Post Quartermaster.

N. B. -Did you receive the money which I sent you by express?

Please forward Treasurer's receipt for same at once.

R. B. W.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 18, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR, Richmond:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 13th instant and the accompanying papers relative to the murder by the enemy of Mr. Creigh and Captain White.

I have on several occasions expressed to the Department my views as to the system of retaliation, and revolting as are the circumstances attending the murder of the citizens above mentioned, I can see nothing to distinguish them from other outrages of a like character that have from time to time been brought to the attention of our Government. As I have said before, if the guilty parties could be taken, either the officer who commands or the soldier who executes such atrocities, I should not hesitate to advise the infliction of the extreme punishment they deserve, but I cannot think it right or politic to make the innocent, after they have surrender as prisoners of war, suffer for the guilty.

I think, however, that something should be done, if possible, to put a stop to the barbarities of the enemy. I can no remedy except in refusing to make prisoners of any soldiers belonging to commands in which these outrages are perpetrated. It is true the innocent may something suffer by this course, but it will have a tendency to make those who do not approve the savage usages of their comrades exert all their influence to restrain them. The papers referred to are herewith returned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

