
[Indorsement.]

JULY 21, 1864.

Returned to the Secretary of War.

The views of General Lee I regard as just and appropriate. If the guilty can be identified a retributive punishment should be inflicted. Against troops guilty of such atrocities it would be proper, I believe, and politic to use the harshest measures, refusing to take prisoners in any case. It remains to be seen whether orders to that effect would be executed by such men as are most apt to capture the enemy.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

Stephen C. Hill, acting ensign, U. S. Navy, wishes to be paroled and sent through the Confederate lines, on the ground that he is wounded and cannot perform military service.

JULY 18, 1864.

Returned to Honorable Secretary of the Navy. This request had better not be complied with at this time. When any delivery is made from our Southern prisons this party will be sent off.

[RO. OULD.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Camp Chase, near Columbus, Ohio, July 19, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 4th instant an attempt was made on the part of the prisoners in Prison Numbers 3. to escape by rushing through the gate at the time a cart was passing out. From the report of the provost-marshal, Lieutenant A. Sankey, Eighty-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, it appears that twenty-one succeeded in getting through the gate. All were almost immediately recaptured. Private Ezekiel A. Cloyd, Company H, Seventh Regiment Tennessee Cavalry, one of the prisoners, attempting to escape, was shot through the right arm. The would was of such a nature as to require amputation of the arm above the elbow. He has receive proper medical attendance and is doing well.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient,

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Camp Chase, near Columbus, Ohio, July 19, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington City, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on the 7th instant Private Junius Cloyd, Seventh Regiment Tennessee Cavalry, prisoner of war at this post, was shot and wounded in the left leg below the knee under the footing circumstances: A ditch divides Prison Numbers 3, and all the prisoners were placed on the side of the ditch for the purpose of calling the roll and counting them. Each prisoners was required to answer his name and pass to the other side of the ditch and there remain until the call was finished. The prisoner had been called and

