
passed, but refused to remain in his proper place. Having made several attempts to cross over to those who had not been called, and persisting after repeated warnings, he was fired upon and wounded, as before stated. The injury was so severe as to require amputation.

He is doing well.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Camp Chase, near Columbus, Ohio, July 19, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington City, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that Privates Joseph W. Rutter, Company E, Twenty-third Virginia Cavalry, and Mahlon Hurst, Company C, Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, prisoners of war at this post, were fired upon and wounded by a sentinel on the parapet of Prison Numbers 3, under the following circumstances: The sentries were instructed to prevent prisoners from throwing water or offal of any kind in the ditch on that side of the prison, a proper place having been provided for that purpose. The prisoner Rutter violated this rule and was warned by the sentinel not to repeat it, but he did so several times and used much abusive language toward the sentinel. Finding it impossible to cause him to desist in any other way, the sentinel fired upon him, the ball passing through his right arm and inflicting a severe flesh would, Unfortunately, the same ball wounded Mahlon Hurst in the left thigh so severely as to cause it to be amputated. Hurst had no connection with Rutter and is an entirely innocent suffered. Both men received immediate medical attention and are reported by the attending surgeon as doing well. A very insubordinate spirit has prevailed among the prisoners for four or five weeks, manifesting itself in combinations to resist the prison rules and to escape from prison. Better order and a disposition to obey now prevails. In this case I cannot feel that the sentinel was entirely justified in firing, especially as it resulted in the wounding of an innocent man; but at the same time the provocation was so great that I have inflicted no other punishment except a reprimand.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, July 19, 1864.

Major General JOHN G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War authorizes you to exchange any prisoners of war now in your hands, rank for rank, or their equivalents, as fixed by the cartel, such exchange being a special one.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

