
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, August 5, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

This was submitted to the Secretary of War before it was sent. Copy is in possession of the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

J. C. KELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

M. C. Quay, military secretary [to] Governor of Pennsylvania, asks if certain Federal prisoners would be offered for exchange if it were known that their term of service had expired when captured, as intimated by Confederate officers having them in charge.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 19, 1864.

Returned to Major John E. Mulford.

Confederate officers in charge of Federal prisoners had no authority for making the declaration referred to. I know of no order or rule which has been adopted which places troops whose term has expired in any different position from others. The Confederate authorities contend that all prisoners or to be released, the excess on one side or the other to be on parole, and that exchanges are to be consummated so far as equivalents can be given. I hope that the next communication which emanates from the "Executive Chamber" at Harrisburg will not so grossly violate the courtesies of correspondence as the present.

[RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.]

CAMP SUMTER, Andersonville, July 19, 1864.

(Via Macon, 22d.)

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

Raid at Opelika, ten regiments cavalry and some artillery, for the present puts an end to all idea of a prison in Alabama.

J. H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]

JULY 22, 1864.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

For remarks. I do not see how the conclusion is reached.

J. D.

[Second indorsement.]

JULY 26, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the President.

I suppose General Winder considered the interruption of communication would preclude for some time the removal of prisoners to Alabama. I regret to learn that the injuries to the road are very serious, and cannot be repaired for at least a month or six weeks. Still, preparations might be in progress in Alabama.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

