
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., July 20, 1864.

Major JOHN E. MULFORD, Assistant Agent of Exchange:

SIR: I will thank you to inform me if Captain E. G. De Jarnette is held in any other condition that as a prisoner to war. He is regularly in the Confederate service, and was on duty in his uniform when captured. He was acting in obedience to orders from his superior officer. Such being the case, if any unusual proceeding is instituted against Captain De Jarnette, or if he is treated in any manner other than as a prisoners of war, we will be reluctantly compelled to adopt retaliatory measures.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

CHARLESTON, S. C., July 20, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Department of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: These are points connected with our treatment as prisoners of war in Charleston, with exchanged, with furnishing desirable supplies to our prisoners of war generally, &amp;c., that it appears to us can be beneficially and promptly settled could we communicated fully and directly with you by personal interview, or with some officer who should represent you. Such an interview will not be objected to by the Confederate authorities, provided a Confederate general officer, also prisoners of war (and preferentially either General Gardner of General Johnson), should be present.

If you think proper to consent to meet one of the general officers (United States) at Port Royal Ferry in this manner, please signify at what time it will be agreeable to you to do so. Unless otherwise indicated, Brigadier-General Seymour will be the U. S. officer who will make these communications to you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

CHARLESTON, S. C., July 20, 1864.

Major-General FOSTER, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Department of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: After a full consideration as to the circumstances of our peculiar position, it has been thought best to make the request contained in General Wessels' letter to you,* believing that much could be said to you that would tend to modify the estimation in which that position is held by you, and generally expedite any action that may seem desirable regarding our exchange. But should such an interview as is requested be agreed to by you there are many reasons why no publicity whatever should be given to the matter and, beyond all, that no notice whatever should be made of it in the journals-in fact that it should be as informal as possible.

Under any circumstances please gratify us by securing privacy with respect to this matter.

Yours, very truly,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General.

* Next, ante.

