
CHARLESTON, S. C., July 20, 1864.

Major General SAM. JONES,

Commanding Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida:

GENERAL: The removal of our prisoners of war from Richmond to Macon and Andersonville and the nature of the operations on the James River have shut off from these prisoners a source of supply from the North that had theretofore gone far to mitigate the many inconveniences, if not sufferings, to which they had been subjected. That these suffering exist at this moment in an aggravated degree at both the places named there can be but little doubt.

It is respectfully submitted to your consideration that the proximity of these places to Hilton Head and the abundance of supplies there, especially in charge of the Sanitary Commission, will permit important relief to be given, particularly to the sick. I therefore request your permission for the Sanitary Commission to send whatever may be deemed advisable by its agents (by Savannah, if proper, on account of more convenient transportation), and that one of its agents or an officer from this place may be designated and permitted to proceed with these supplies to superintend their distribution.

Respectfully, general, your most obedient servant,

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, July 20, 1864.

Colonel C. W. KILIBORN, Commissary of Prisoners:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs that all paroles granted to prisoners of war be revoked, and that the persons so paroled be taken into custody. He also directs that at this time especial care should be taken of the condition and safety of prisoners of war.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Lieutenant J. D. B. Fouth, lieutenant, Company K, Sixth Virginia Cavalry, stated that a member of his company, captured and confined at Point Lookout, when at the point of death, was induced by the entreaties of his mother to take the oath of allegiance and return home. Having recovered and wish it to join his command, he ask if he can freed from the obligation imposed by such an oath.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 20, 1864.

Returned to Lieutenant Fouth.

We cannot in any way recognize the binding force of such an oath. An exchange even would not release him, in there is any validity in the oath. If a Confederate soldier, under any suffering or disease, takes the oath of allegiance to the enemy, he does it in his own wrong, and does not thereby relieve himself from his paramount duty to his own Government. His first and last and exclusive service is due to the Confederacy and cannot be thrown off by any terms made with the enemy. The soldier you refer to must go to duty, otherwise he is

