
a deserter in the eye of the law. If he is in a scrape he has gotten himself into it. I do not think, however, he need fear any serious consequences. Be that as it may, however, the line of his duty is clear.

[RO. OULD.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF INDIANA,NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 87. Indianapolis, Ind., July 21, 1864.

I. Pursuant to order of the War Department and the instructions of Major-General Heintzelman, commanding Northern Department, Major Chenoweth, Captain C. C. Morgan, Surgeon Good, and Private Voorhies, of the rebel army, under on officer in charge, will be sent to Lexington, Ky., there to be reported to Major-General Burbridge, to be sent through the Federal lines.

II. Lieutenant Richard W. Hargrave, Seventeenth U. S. Infantry, and acting aide-de-camp at these headquarters, is charged with the execution of this order.

III. Upon reaching Cincinnati, Lieutenant Hargrave will report with his charge to Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Barrere, One hundred and sixty-eight Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, commanding, and receive from him Captain William Blanchard, of General Morgan's staff, and his orderly, Private John M. Dougherty, Company F, Second Kentucky Cavalry, now at McLean Barracks, in Cincinnati. He will then proceed without delay with all said prisoners to Lexington, Ky.

IV. The officer in charge will allow these rebel officers and privates to hold any communication with any person while en route for Lexington. This restriction to be rigidly enforced.

V. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation for the officer in charge, with one orderly, and said prisoners to Lexington, and for Lieutenant Hargrave and said orderly to Indianapolis, Ind.

VI. The commanding officer at Camp Morton will detail a reliable orderly to accompany Lieutenant Hargrave to Lexington and return.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Carrington:

CHAS. T. FLOWERS,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES JOHNSTON'S ISLAND AND SANDUSKY,Johnson's Island, Ohio, July 21, 1864.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

I'm very anxious to know, in conjunction with my brother surgeons, if there is any other cause for the detention of surgeons as prisoners of war except the suspension of communication with the Confederate Government per flag of truce. If there is not, is there no possible condition by which we can obtain a parole consistent with the regulations of your Government? I was left under flag of truce in charge of Confederate wounded and was on parole at Lexington, Ky., for one month. I was sent form that point to this place and placed in the prison yard. You can imagine the amount of liberty and comfort we receive there. We think this very strange treatment toward non-combatants, for last year when we were held as prisoners we had parole of

