
the island at Fort Delaware, and on account of two of our surgeons who are ill from the effect of the water at this prison we would most respectfully ask the parole of this island or to be transferred to Fort Delaware, where we might enjoy that liberty.

I have the honor to remain, yours, very respectfully,

T. W. HOLLAND,

Assistant Surgeon Fourth Kentucky Cavalry, Giltner's Brigade.

CAMP SUMTER, Andersonville, Ga., July 21, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: Your indorsement on the letter of Lieutenant S. B. Davis, relating to the strength of the guard at this post, contains a very severe censure which, I am sure, would not have been made if you had had a clear comprehension of this post, of its wants and its difficulties. Reflect for a moment; 29,201 prisoners of war, many of them most desperate character, a post a mile long by half a mile wide, the stockade for prisoners within 160 yards of a mile in circumference, numerous avenues leading to the post to be guarded, public property to be cared for, guard for working parties, the ordinary camp guard for the troops, and you can form some estimate of the number it would require for these purpose. The following are the daily guards required, and they cannot be reduced, but ought to be increased:

Stockade, 1,600 yards around, 52 posts-10 supernumeraries, 166 enlisted men, 2 commissioned officer.

Hospitals, two (uninclosed). 1,735 patients and attendants, guard 73, 23 posts-69 and 4 supernumeraries and 1 commissioned officer. Pickets around the stockade, 206. This picket is indispensable to prevent escape by tunneling. Outlying pickets and railroad-bridge guard, 43. Six commissioned officer.

Guard with party cutting wood daily, 100. Guard with working parties, 25. (This does no include accidental guards and camp guards.)

Total, 613.

Strength of guard July 20, 1,421, including the prisoners guard detained here, from which deduct 517 sick, daily duty, 227, and the artillery company, 126-870, leaves 1,551. You will observe that since Lieutenant Davis' report the detained prisoner guards have been added to the strength of the guard.

This gives the most favorable report of the forces at the post and the duties required of it. You speak in your indorsement of placing the prisoners properly. I do not exactly comprehend what is intended by it. I know of but one way to place them, and that is to put them into the stockade, where they have between four and five square yards to the man. This includes streets and two acres of ground about the steam.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

Dr. W. S. MORRIS, President Southern Telegraph Company:

DEAR SIR: Colonel Persons, commanding post at Anderson, Ga., strongly recommends the putting up of a telegraph line between Fort

