
Valley and Anderson, a distance of about thirty miles. The colonel stated that this line is of great importance to announce the arrival of additional prisoners, but especially to give prompt information of the approach of any raiding party intended to effect the liberation of the prisoners, and further to call for held in case of a revolt of the prisoners, and give information as to any direction taken by those who escape. Colonel Persons is of the impression that wire can be obtained from Macon, Ga., and insulators from the vicinity of Savannah, Ga. Please let me know whether you can furnish any help with labor or skilled foremen for the constructions, and how long a time it will take with a moderate force. Also, please let me know the probability of securing the wire, and on what terms.

By order of General Gilmer:

Very respectfully,

A. L. RIVES.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPT.,

Numbers 56. Shreveport, La., July 21, 1864.

I. All officers and men captured at Vicksburg who have reported at Enterprise, Demopolis, Vienna, Natchitoches, Shreveport, and Alexandria at any time prior to April 1, 1864, have been declared duly exchanged by the commissioner of exchange. All those in this department who are embraced in this list will immediately rejoin their commands in the field.

By commands of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OLD CAPITOL PRISON, Washington, D. C., July 22, 1864.

Colonel HOFFMAN, U. S. Army:

COLONEL: I most respectfully call your attention to the fact that surgeons of the Confederate Army are now confined in this prison as prisoners of war, when some of our surgeons are on parole in Petersburg, Va., with their liberty unabridged, in attendance upon their wounded. In the name of a common humanity I respectfully sure an assimilated status with us, now in your lines, and promise faithfully an earnest endeavor with our authorities to effect an understanding that surgeon captured in charge of wounded shall not be considered prisoners of war. Be pleased, colonel, to give this your immediate attention, as a general order without exception has been received by the officers confined to leave here (I suppose for Elmira) this afternoon.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. COVERT,

Surgeon, C. S. Army.

RED RIVER LANDING, LA., July 22, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: I regret that the interweave asked for in my letter to you, dated Red River Landing, June 17, 1864, did not take place. Had my request been granted by you it is possible that the various questions which have arisen in relation to the exchange of prisoners would have been speedily and satisfactory arranged.

31 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII

