
No arrangement of a permanent character could be effected with Colonel Dwight, the commissioner who met me at Hog Point at the time alluded to, as he stated that he was not clothed with the necessary powers. I could therefore only had him the paper dated Hog Point. June 21, 1864, containing proposition on my part to be submitted for your consideration.

There is, however, one question not referred to in that paper, resulting from the action of Major-General Banks, to which you attention is earnestly requested, and which I feel assured from the high esteem in which you are held by your former comrades in arms will receive from you a satisfactory solution.

By an order from Major-General Banks 1,360 paroled U. S. prisoners have been returned to duty, in contravention of General Orders, Numbers 49, issued from Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, February 28, 1863, article 8. It is true that these prisoners were delivered at Boutte Station, and that by General Orders, Numbers 207, from Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, July 3, 1863, it is required that prisoners shall only be delivered at points specified in the cartel, or at points mutually agreed upon between commanders of opposing armies.

This order could not, however, apply to the delivery of the prisoners in question, as they were delivered upon the very day upon which the order was issued, and that previous to our knowledge of General Orders, Numbers 207, other places than those specified in the cartel, &amp;c., could be used for the delivery of prisoners is established by the fact that such deliveries were made and respected in February, March, and April, 1863, at Baton and New Orleans.

Colonel Dwight has in a letter addressed to Major William M. Levy, commissioner on behalf of Lieutenant-General Taylor, dated Red River Landing, June 17, 1864, acknowledge the delivery of the 1,360 U. S. prisoners to whom I refer. I have also been required by General E. Kirby Smith, commanding Trans-Mississippi Department, to urge upon your attention for the sake humanity to allow an additional exchange to be made from our captures for the Confederate troops known as Louisiana brigade paroled at Vicksburg, and I will deliver as equivalents any of the U. S. troops captured in recent battles.

I have the honor, respectfully, to repeat my request for a personal interview.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IG. SZYMANSKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Assistant Agent of Exchange.

Brigadier General W. M. Gardner requests list of prisons under his command.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 22, 1864.

Returned to Lieutenant-General Ewell.

The only regular depots of prisoners that I know are Richmond, Salisbury, Columbia, Danville, Macon, Andersonville, Cahaba, and Tyler (in Texas); Staunton, Charleston, Jackson, and other places, however, have been temporarily used for the purpose. It is probable there are prisoners as these points now. It is of the very gravest importance that monthly or semi-monthly reports from each depot should be made to some one in Richmond, otherwise it will be practically impossible for me to answer inquiries.

[RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.]

