
17th day of June ultimo, it is understood, will be declared exchanged; the selection of the officers and men thus to be declare to be made by the U. S. authorities, and a list thereof to be furnished to the authorities of the Confederate States.

IG. SZYMANSKI,

Asst. Adjt. General and Asst. Agent of Exchange, Trans-Miss. Dept.

SANDUSKY, OHIO, July 23, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, U. S. Army,

Commissary-General Prisoners of War, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: Inclosed I have the honor to transmit report of inspection of Johnston's Island. I would respectfully call your attention to the following points: First. The bad police of the camp. Seeing the camp, you would not know whether to be most astonished at the inefficiency of the officer in charge of the prisoners' camp or suggested that men calling themselves gentlemen should be willing to live in such filth. The quarters are very dirty; the kitchens filthy, Major Scovill has charge, assisted by Captain Wells. The major is somewhat of an invalid, not, however, so sick as to be confined to his quarters at all times, judging from his appearance, able to direct. A necessity exists for placing in charge of the prisoners an efficient, practical officer, who knows what good police is, and with decision sufficient to enforce his orders. This want of police is in part due, in my opinion, to the system of messing allowed. No general mess-room exists. Besides the charge messes there are sub-messes of eight or ten, having small private cooking-stoves purchased by the prisoners, consequently I saw but few rooms which are not used as kitchen and mess-room, as well as sleeping apartment. To improve the police, and at the same time the health, I would respectfully suggest that two large mess rooms, with kitchen and store-room, be constructed, agreeable to the plan inclosed, or such other as you may deem proper, thus doing away entirely with sub-messes, or at any rate in the quarters. What now are used as kitchens could be fitted up with bunks and used as quarters. Second. The prisoners are allowed to wash their clothes in every part of the camp, even in the halls of the barracks, consequently dirty soapsuds meet you on every turn. To obviate this, I would suggest the propriety of building a cheap wash-room upon plan inclosed, furnishing it with two Farmer's boilers for heating water. This would protect the prisoners from the weather in winter and could be used as a room in which to bathe. The necessary for such an apartment is evident. With the improvements above recommended and an efficient officer to enforce the keeping the ditches for drainage empty, the sinks clean, and the quarters properly scrubbed and swept, the camp can be brought to such a standard as will be respectable. I would say, in passing, that as the soil is a sandy loam and in winter gets very muddy, now would be a proper time to construct such gravel walks as are absolutely necessary. The gravel being near at hand and the laborers abundant, the work can be easily accomplished. Third. The water as supplied now is not sufficient. The two pumps communicating with the lake are of an inferior quality and frequently out of order. One only was in working condition when I inspected. I was informed that the other had not been in use for several days. Why not sooner repaired I am unable at say. The complaint was made that one or the other was frequently at fault. With one more pump, better pattern, a sufficient supply of water could be obtained. The commanding officer, Colonel Hill, will in a few days submit to you a plan for supply the entire camp with

