
water. As it involves a large expenditure, I doubt if you will approve so extensive a work, probably for only a temporary purpose. Such a structure would, without doubt, be very beneficia. Fourth. The sinks being constructed on vaults drainage, are somewhat a nuisance, though much could be done to improve their present dirty condition by the free use of water and lime. I understood the commanding officer to say that as many vaults had been constructed as the ground would permit. Those now in use are fast filling. Something will have to be done soon to meet the emergency; probably boxes upon wheels, that could be emptied every night in the lake and washed out, would be the proper thing. Fifth. All dealing with the sutler is done by the check system. Sub-sutlers are allowed in each barracks; prisoners who buy at wholesale from the sutler and retail to the other prisoners. This trade is also by check. The sulter's prices appeared to me exorbitant. The articles sold are such as are allowed by order, the supply being more limited; coffee, sugar, flour, eggs, milk, being restricted. I told the commanding officer I thought the list furnished me would permit of those articles being added to the sulter's list. The prison fund at end of June was $18,910. 32, the disbursements for that month being fair and just. As far as I was able to judge, a very complete set of books is kept by the commanding officer, showing all deposits and expenditures of prisoners of war. Proper instructions are given to the guard. The hospital was in good condition, well policed; the sick in every way sufficient well provided for. The fund on hand the end of June small-$190. 74. The surgeon in charge had been in the habit of purchasing from his hospital fund some articles furnished on proper requisition. This I directed him to stop, making his requisitions in time to meet the demand. The number of sick has largely increased recently, acute cases of dysentery being the most common. This I considered owing to the bad police of the camp, bad bread, and want of vegetables, as their is also scurvy existing among the prisoners. Ascertaining that the potato allowed had been irregularly issued since 1st of this month, I instructed the surgeon in charge to recommend an extra issue of onions for eight weeks, at rate of 60 pounds to 100 men, twice a week. The bread being same as is used by the Federal soldiers, every exertion is being made to correct its quality.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. ALEXANDER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

Report of a medical inspection of the camp and hospital of the prisoners of war at Johnson's Island, commanded by Colonel Hill, made on the 22nd and 23 days of July, 1864, by Surg. C. T. Alexander, U. S. Army, acting medical inspector of prisoners of war.

1. Camp, name and geographical position-Johnson's Island, near Sandusky, Ohio, in Lake Erie. 2. Topography of surrounding country -water. 3. Topography of locality, soil, drainage-island, gravel, loam, drainage good. 4. Water, source, supply, quality, effect-from Lake Erie by pumps, supply not sufficient; quality, effects, good. 5. Fuel, whence obtained, kind, supply-wood, mixed, merchandisable, on contract, abundant. 6. Local causes of disease, removal, mitigation-bad police, bad bread, deficient supply of vegetables. 7. Camp, how arranged, how long occupied-in square, nearly three years. 8. Camp, previous use of ground-farm. 9. Tents, kind, quality, condition-none. 10. Barracks, construction, size, number of men to each-two-

