
train on the road. He made his escape immediately after the accident. Whether due notice movement of the prisoners' train was given along the road can only be learned by official inquiry by the quartermaster at New York. I am informed that the railroad company has agreed to pay damages for the injuries to members of the guard.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Inclosure.]

BARRACKS Numbers 3, ELMIRA, N. Y., July 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel S. EASTMAN, Commanding Depot:

SIR: As officer in command of guard in charge of prisoners of war from Point Lookout, Md., I have to report that we left on steamer Crescent with a guard of 125 men and 3 commissioned officer and 833 prisoners on the eve of July 12. Arrived at New York at 3 p. m. July 14, and disembarked at Jersey City at 4 a. m. of the 15th.

Left Jersey City at 6 o'clock via Erie Railway, and at 3 p. m. came in collision with a coal train near Shohola, Pa., causing a complete wreck of the train and killing 14 of the guard and 40 of the prisoners instantly, mortally wounding 3 of the guard and 8 prisoners, all of whom have since died, and wounding 16 of the guard and 93 prisoner.

Nearly all of the guard on duty were either killed or wounded, and immediately I caused the reserve to be posted around the wreck and prisoners to prevent their escape.

The wounded were extricated as soon as possible and taken to Shohola, where every attention was rendered by the citizens and guard.

The wounded all being cared for, the dead were buried in the immediate vicinity of the accident, and each grave properly designated. The prisoners were removed to Shohola, where we remained until 11 a. m. July 16, when we proceed on our way, arriving at Elmira at 9. 30 p. m.

Many of the prisoners killed were so disfigured that it was impossible to recognize them, and five escaping whose names are unknown, I am unable to give a correct list of killed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

MORRIS H. CHURCH,

Captain, Eleventh Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Guard.

RECAPITULATION.

 Killed	 Died	 Wound	 Missin	 Unhurt	 Total

 . 	 of	 ed. 	 g. 	 . 	 .

 	 wounds

 	 .

Guard. . . . 	 14	 3	 16	 . . . 	 92	 125

Prisoners. . .	 40	 8	 93	 5	 687	 833

.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA.

Charleston, S. C., July 23, 1864.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say, in reply to your communication of the 20th instant, that the has no control over the prisoners at Andersonville, the officer commanding at that post receiving his orders direct from the War Department.

