
It is presumed that such a request as you make will, if addressed to the Confederate Government by that of the United States, receive proper consideration.

Your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Foster, U. S. Volunteers,

commanding Department of the South, Hilton Head, S. C., for his information and action.

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[Second indorsement.]

AUGUST 1, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

I would respectfully ask that authority be given me to send to our prisoners at Andersonville such supplies as may be necessary to relieve their distresses. I have no doubt that arrangements can be made to have them distributed by one of our officers.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHARLOTTE, July 23, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

Over 500 Yankee prisoners left here his morning for Anderson, Ga. Might it not be politic to send no more to Anderson until the fate of Atlanta is decided?

WM. JOHNSON,

President.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

I do not consider it advisable to send more prisoners just now to

Andersonville. So order.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

July 25, 1864.

Respectfully referred to General Gardner.

If he has not entire control over the prisoners, this will be returned for reference to General Lee.

By order Secretary of War:

H. L CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS POST, Richmond, July 26, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Adjutant and Inspector General with the remark that there are but three prisoners for privates, viz, Richmond, Danville-ordered to be broken up because too much exposed to raids-and Andersonville, Ga.

The vague indorsement from Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, placing me in charge of all the prisons, does not inform me what prisons

