
officers were retained as prisoners of war; the enlisted men were paroled. The paroles were taken on rolls of the several commands, and a printed copy of the parole was furnished to each man.

The parole lists were attested in case of the Brasher City capture by Major R. C. Anthony, Second Rhode Island Cavalry, who commanded there, those of he Bayou Boeuf captured by Captain A. d. Hopkins, Twenty-third Connecticut, who commander at Bayou Boeuf.

The prisoners captured at the latter place were first removed to Brashear City, and on the 27th day of June the enlisted men captured at both places were sent under guard toward our lines.

I have in my possession an original receipt signed by P. G. Temple, lieutenant, U. S. Army, dated Boutee Station, La., July 3, 1863, acknowledging the receipt from Major L. C. Rountree, C. S. Army, of about 1,360 paroled U. S. prisoners.

I have been informed by Brigadier-General Emory, who then commanded the Defenses of New Orleans, that on the arrival of these prisoners at Boutte Station Major Stancel, commanding there, telegraphed to him for directions as to their reception, but that before an answer was returned to his application the prisoners were received. I am informed that the officer who received for the prisoners was a lieutenant in command of the picket guard.

The number of the prisoners who signed the parole list was over 1,500. This I learn from the officer who attested the rolls and also from the rolls themselves, which have been exhibited to me by the Confederate agent of exchange.

I have no doubt that the full number of 1,360 were actually delivered, as claimed, at Boutte Station.

It cannot, I think, be asserted that this delivery was made by reason of any fear of a recapture of the prisoners before they could be removed. They were actually held ten days and Brashear City was not evacuated by the enemy until several days after their delivery.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES C. DWIGHT,

Colonel and Agent of Exchange.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL OF PRISONERS,

ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,

Rock Island, Ill., July 25, 1864.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON,

Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the police condition of the prison for the week ending this day:

No material change having taken place in the barracks, either by additions or repairs, and being kept clean in both kitchen and sleeping apartments, I can only report them as still in good condition. the surroundings are daily policed, the sewers are supplied with lime as the occasion demands, which, with the almost constant flow of water through them, is calculated to render them free from smell. The general appearance of the prisoners is clean, healthy, and comfortably clad. The bedding in both prison and hospital departments is clean and frequently aired. The hospital department is skillfully managed, consequently in very good order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CARAHER,

Lieutenant Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps.

Provost-Marshal of Prisoners.

