
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,Rock Island, Ill., July 27, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel William Hoffman, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners, with the remark that the condition of the prison and hospital is good.

A. J. JOHNSON,

Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., July 25, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Fort Delaware, Del:

GENERAL: It has been reported to the War Department that the issues of beef to the troops and prisoners at Fort Delaware have not been honestly made, and I have respectfully to request you will have a strict investigation made of all the facts and report to this office without delay. Inquire into the quality of the beef, the amount received, and the amount issued.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT DELAWARE, DEL., July 5. 1864.

Colonel HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington City:

SIR: The undersigned officers prisoners of war, captured at Port Hudson, July 9, 1863, respectfully, represent that under the stipulations of their surrender their private property was guaranteed to them; that up to the time of their removal from Johnson's Island to Point Lookout this stipulation had been represent by the military authorities of the United States and their property untouched. When on the point of leaving Sandusky we were informed by General Terry that we need feel no anxiety about our baggage; that it was placed under the immediate charge of the officer in command of the detachment, and we were separated from our baggage, and did not see it again till after our arrival at Point Lookout. When our trunks were delivered to us they had been broken open and rifled of the most valuable portion of their contents, including our uniforms, &amp;c. A few days after we reached the Point General Bulter paid us a visit of inspection, and upon the facts of the case being represented to him he declared that this was entirely unauthorized and should be remedied, if possible. Immediately afterward a board of survey was ordered on the case, and we were ourselves examined, and there the matter rested for some time. We subsequently wrote to General Butler while the matter was pending requesting permission to replace the article taken from us, including uniforms, &c., at own expense, and received for answer that we would have to await the report of the board of survey. Nearly four months have elapsed since the meeting of this board, and we still remain in ignorance of the result of their deliberation. Please enlighten us on the subject and let us know whether or not we will be permitted to replace our stolen property.

Respectfully submitted.

P. F. DE GOURNAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Provisional Army, C. S.

B. R. CHINN,

Captain, Provisional Army, C. S.

