
forty-six cases of smallpox. They are treated outside the camp in part of a building that was used as cavalry stables. it was, however, been converted into a comfortable ward; is well ventilated and policed. Proper precaution is taken against the escape of prisoners thus detached from the main camp. The hospital is quite well managed; not, however, enough attention to proper police. Seeing the camp and hospital, you would be placed at the general condition and management.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. ALEXANDER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Acting Medical Inspector.

[Inclosure.]

Report of a medical inspection of the camp and hospital of the prisoners of war at Camp Douglas, Ill., commanded by Colonel Sweet, Veteran Reserve Corps, made on the 24th and 25th days of July, 1864, by C. T. Alexander, acting medical inspector, U. S. Army.

1. Camp, name and geographical position-Camp Douglas, near Chicago, Ill. 2. Topography of surrounding country-prairie. 3. Topography of locality, soil, drainage-prairie, soil sandy, drainage good. 4. Water, source, supply, quality, effects-from Chicago Water-Works, sufficient, good. 5. Fuel, whence obtained, kind, supply-on contract, wood and coal. 6. Camp, how arranged, how long occupied-in square, for prisoners over two yards. 7. Camp, previous use of ground-fair grounds. 8. Barracks, constructions, size, number of men to each-wooden, 70 feet by 24 feet, with kitchen 20 by 24, average men to each 170. 9. Barracks, heating, cleansing, ventilation-stoves, clean, imperfectly ventilated, need roof ventilation. 10. Sinks and cesspools, construction, position, management-wood, east side of camp, clean, well managed. 11. Removal of offal and rubbish, police of camp-very good. 12. Rations, quality, quantity, variety-quality, good; health would be improved by greater variety. 13. Vegetables and picked, kinds, amount, how obtained-only potatoes, issued, agreeable to orders, 14. Rations, how cooked, how inspected, messing-Farmer's boilers, daily by inspecting officer, no mess-room. 15. Clothing, condition, deficiencies-fair, sufficient. 16. Men, morale, sanitary condition, personal cleanliness-good for prisoners.

1. Hospital, topography of locality, soil, drainage-same as camp, sandy soil, drainage good. 2. Hospital buildings, number, kind, capacity-one building, two wings, capacity for 200 to 225 beds. 3. Hospital, warming, ventilation, lighting-stoves, side, end, and ridges, oil. 4. Hospital water-closets and sinks-sufficient, good drainage, police fair. 5. Hospital discipline, police-fair. 6. Water, source, supply, quality, effects-same as camp. 7. Fuel, whence obtained, kind, supply-same as camp. 8. Diet, quality, quantity, and variety-good. 9. Diet, how cooked, how inspected, messing-range, cooking stove, by medical officer, mess-room. 10. Medical and hospital supplies, quality, condition, deficiencies-good. 11. Instruments, hospital, personal, condition, deficiencies-sufficient. 12. Commissary stores, medical comforts, condition, deficiencies-good. 13. Hospital records and accounts-properly kept and made out. 14. Hospital muster and pay rolls- properly kept and made out. 15. Reports of the sick and wounded, and of operations-properly kept and made out. 16. Requisition and returns-properly kept and made out. 17. Morning reports, provision

32 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII

