
If General Winder thinks that the subsistence of the prisoners has been or is critical, and he is anxious about their remaining quiet or in good condition, he can communicate with the Commissary-General on the subject if he pleases, and he will bring to his mind appropriate considerations which the Quartermaster-General, who is responsible for their custody, the latter will receive form the Commissary-General such information which will satisfy him that the prisoners will be duly cared for and not suffer until the army is pinched.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War.

L. B. NOTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

Returned July 28, 1864.

Benjamin F. Butler, major-general, U. S. Army, informs the Confederate agent of exchange that the within-named Confederate officers at Fort Delaware have been placed in close confinement in cells in retaliation for the like confinement of the within-named Federal officers in the Libby in alleged retaliation for treatment of certain Confederates in Northern prisons.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 25, 1864.

Referred to the Honorable Secretary of War.

The Federal officer named herein were placed in the basement of he Libby (misnamed cells), in relation for the confinement of four of our soldiers at Johnston's Island. It was done in pursuance of your order. I will thank the Honorable Secretary for instructions in the premises.

[RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, July 26, 1864.

Colonel C. C. DWIGHT,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners, New Orleans:

SIR: You are authorized to exchange the Louisiana brigade, Confederate Army, captured and paroled at Vicksburg, Miss., for an equivalent number of prisoners now held by the Confederate forces under the command of General E. K. Smith.

The Helena prisoners referred to in the communication of Major Szymanski are not now under General Canby's control, but an application will be made to have them sent here with a view to their being exchanged. The captures made by the troops under the command of Major-General Steele, from the forces in the Trans-Mississippi Department, will be included in any arrangement, keeping in view the principles prescribed by the cartel of July 22, 1862, and the instructions hereafter given you.

You will please ascertain from Major Szymanski whether supplies, for the relief of our prisoners in the hands of the Confederate troops, may be sent to them, and the extent and condition upon which they can be sent.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSES,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

