
prisoners they will communicate directly with and receive orders from the Adjutant and Inspector General.

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADAM'S RUN, July 26, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

I have just receive telegram from General Winder saying that by you authority he will send to Charleston on Thursday 600 Federal officers, prisoners of war, and continue to send until all the officers, prisoners, are sent. The presence of so many prisoners in Charleston will complicate negotiations for exchange of those now there. If the prisoners must be sent from Macon allow me to exercise some directions as to where they shall be confined, and, if possible, give me a few additional troops. I left Charleston this morning; will return to-morrow.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., July 27, 1864.

Colonel J. A. HARDIE, Inspector-General, War Department:

COLONEL: There are now at Point Lookout 11,430 prisoners of war; 3,059 have been removed to Elmira. A steamer will leave Point Lookout to-day with 850 and another steamer carrying about the same number will sail on day after to-morrow. A suitable steamer will be available about every other day, which is as fast as the rolls and other preparations can be made. I propose to remove in all 8,000 to Elmira, which will leave at Point Lookout 6,000 to 7,000.

The guard at the depot consists of two regiments of veteran reserves, one of 100-days' men and one Massachusetts colored regiment. There were four gun-boats at the Point a few days since, including the steam frigate Minnesota, and I have not heard that any have been ordered away. The two necks of land which connect the Point with the mainland are cut by blockade and field-work each, the latter to guard against attack from without and the former to meet any effort of the prisoners to liberate themselves. With proper vigilance on the part of the troops stationed there and with the assistance of the gun-boats no successful attack can be made on the depot.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, July 27, 1864.

Colonel W. P. RICHARDSON, Commanding Champ Chase, Ohio:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 19th instant, reporting the escape and recapture of twenty-one prisoners, is received. I appears to me as something very remarkable that twenty-one prisoners could in the daytime rush through the prison guard and make their escape without

