
injury to but one of them. If the care of the gate when open was instructed to a single sentinel, and he armed only with his musket, I can understand how the thing was possible; but as it is not reasonable to believe that such a state of things was permitted, some explanations are necessary. Please report the organization of your prison guard, the number on post at a time, the orders given to sentinels, and the special duties of the guard, with a view to the safe custody of the prisoners. Report the number of officers on guard are instructed in their duties. You have 400 revolvers for the service. Are you guards armed with them, and are they instructed how to use them?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 27, 1864.

Colonel J. C. STRONG,

Commanding Camp Douglas, near Chicago, Ill.:

SIR: The Commissary-General of Prisoners has reported that notwithstanding the orders from this Department under date of 1st instant, you continue your headquarters in the city of Chicago. Your attention is drawn to the requirements of that order, with direct the commanding officer of the camp to take up his quarters at Camp Douglas, in order that his personal attention may be given to the affairs of that camp.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. NICHOLAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP SUMTER, Andersonville, Ga., July 27, 1864.

An appeal to the citizens of Macon, Randolph, Schley, Terrell, Baker, Calhoun, Lee, Sumter, and Dougherty Counties;

Prominent citizens have suggested that the agricultural interests of the country would be promoted by an appeal to the people to furnish at this time labor enough to complete at once the fortifications at this post. I am informed that the farming communities can better spare their entire force at this particular season, than a small portion at a later period. The fortifications of this post must be constructed at once. The safety of the very country and people upon whom I call, and the welfare of the Government, demand that it shall be done. The engineer in charge says with 2,000 negroes, properly supplied with axes, spades, and picks, and supported by the requisite number of wagons and teams, he can complete the work in ten days. Each owner, so far as is practicable, will send these implements with his negroes. The counties above mentioned are rich and prosperous. I appeal to the people to send at once the required force and save themselves from the necessity of impressment. Whether the works are completed or not the negroes shall be returned to secure fodder, &amp;c. Two thousand negroes and fifty wagons and teams are required. Provisions and forage are scare and each owner will send food and forage for his hands and horses. So far can be foreseen, this will be the last call

