
made upon the people for this post. I have authority to make impressments, but the patriotic response in the late emergency makes it desirous, if possible, to avoid the exercise of this power.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C. July 28, 1864.

Colonel C. W. HILL,

Commanding Johnson's Island, near Sandusky City, Ohio:

COLONEL: The report of Surgeon Alexander, acting medical inspector of prisoners, shows the condition of the police of the depot under your command to be in a most censurable condition, even much worse than I had been led to believed by the meager reports of Major Scovill, and you are required to institute immediately an entire and through reform. As a first step you will immediately erect two mess-rooms, with kitchen to each; the kitchen twenty-five to thirty feet board and seven to nine feet high, as will best suit the lumber. Windows on each side, six lights, nine by fourteen, ten feet apart, those on one side being opposite the interval on the other. The posts, or studding, three by four, will be set in the ground, so that no sills will be required. If the ground is too much inclined for a gravel floor, put in a rough board floor. Place the two buildings parallel to the line of the barracks and opposite the middle block in each, half on the lower side 60 to 100 feet from them. The kitchen will be furnished with one cooking-stove and as many Farmer's boilers, 60 to 120 gallons, as may be necessary. Of course the boilers now on hand will be used. A mess-room 210 feet long, with four tables 2 1/2 feet broad, will accommodate 1,000 men, at two sitting 2,000 men, and the two mess-rooms will accommodate 4,000 prisoners-as many as you are likely to have. Commence this work immediately and make a weekly report of its progress on Saturdays, giving a detail of what has been done The work must be hurried forward with all dispatch, and if you cannot get lumber from Saginaw without too much delay, you must purchase in Sandusky.

I have heretofore (May 29) written you about the sinks and the necessity of moving the rear fence, and I had reason to expect that you would pay some attention to my instructions, but it appears they have been entirely neglected. You will immediately carry out those instructions, which were based on your own recommendation. The sinks must be immediately put in a satisfactory condition. Report your action on these instructions.

It is reported that your sutler is dealing with the prisoners by means of checks, which is a violation of paragraph 14 of the circular from this office of April 20, and it is further reported that there are subsutlers for each barrack, whose charges are unreasonably high. If these things are so you have violated and neglected your duty in permitting them. Please report immediately in what manner the trade of the sutler is conducted, and send a list of his prices. Paragraph 14 requires the sutler to sell on orders on the commanding officer, which the prisoners signs; he receives the articles he wishes, which are enumerated on the back of the order, and this order is presented to the officer holding the prisoner's money for payment at the end of the week, or other convenient time.

You will immediately erect a wash-house near the lower fence for the use of the prisoners, twenty feet by forty feet. Lest it may be lost

