
has immediate charge of prisoners of war. I find no abuses or short comings to which your attention should be specially directed. Prison fund, end of June, amounted to $14,874. 98, with some outstanding debts unpaid. The chief expenditure during the month had been for building material. The system of accounting for money deposited by individual prisoners is very good. Accounts accurately kept and balanced. Here all trade with the sutler is done by orders of the commanding officer. The system works well and is satisfactory. The instructions to the guard are definite and forcibly impressed upon them. Being 100-days' men, it is difficult to get them in all cases well understood. It was the intention of the Government to have suitable waterworks erected for supplying the entire camp with water. For some reason (misunderstanding) this order has been countermanded. Should the work, upon which already much has been done, be completed, it would be a great advantage. The management of the sinks, as now, will do very well for the summer, but in winter, when everything is frozen, they must, unless placed over proper drainage, prove a great nuisance. Anything you may be pleased to do toward forwarding the completion of the water-works before winter will be of great advantage as to maintaining the now well-policed condition of the camp. The hospital is well managed by Surg. William Watson, U. S. Volunteers. The inmates of it are well provided with all necessaries and well taken care of. The fund at end of June was $2,684. 99, properly accounted for and economically disbursed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. ALEXANDER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Acting Medical Inspector of Prisoners.

[Inclosure]

Report of a medical inspection of the camp and hospital of the Rock Island prisoners, commanded by Colonel Johnson, Veteran Reserve Corps, made of the 26th days of July, 1864, by Surg. C. T. Alexander, acting medical inspector, U. S. Army.

1. Camp, name and geographical position-Rock Island Barracks, Rock Island, Ill. 2. Topography of surrounding country-water. 3. Topography of locality, soil, drainage-gently undulating, soil, alluvial, drainage good. 4. Water, source, supply, quality, effects-artesian well, one, and by force pumps from river, good, sufficient, 5. Fuel, whence obtained, kind, supply-coal, on contract, good, abundant. 6. Camp, how arranged, how long occupied-in square, occupied since December, 1863. 7. Barracks, constructions, size, number of men to each-wooden, 22 feet by 100 feet, 120 men to each. 8. Barracks, heating, cleansing, ventilation-by stoves, good, sides and ridge. 9. Sinks and cesspools, constructions, position, management-wooden, with portable barrels, one end each street north and south of camp, management good. 10. Removal of offal and rubbish, police of camp-good. 11. Rations, quality, quantity, variety-quality, quantity good, variety limited in vegetables. 12. Rations, how cooked, how inspected, messing-Farmer's boilers, inspected by Colonel Caraher, and assistants, no mess-room. 13. Clothing, condition, deficiencies-fair, sufficient. 14. Men, morale, sanitary condition, personal cleanliness-good, for prisoners.

