
Cartel for the exchange of prisoners captured, respectively, from the commands of Major General E. R. Canby, U. S. Army, and General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army, made at Red River Landing, La., July 28, 1864.

The undersigned appointed commissioners, respectively, by Major General E. S. Canby, U. S. Army, and General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army, for the purpose of arranging and agreeing upon a cartel for the exchange of prisoners of war belonging to the above mentioned commanders, do hereby agree upon the following articles, viz:

I. All the officers and enlisted men of the C. S. Army belonging to the organization known as the Louisiana Brigade who where captured and paroled at Vicksburg, Miss., July 4, 1863, and who are now within the Trans Mississippi Department, commanded by General Smith, shall be exchanged, officer for officer and enlisted man for enlisted man (according to the scale of equivalents), for the same or and equivalent number of the officers and enlisted men heretofore captured from the forces of the United States by the forces of General Smith and confined as prisoners of war at Camp Ford, near Tyler, Tex.

Lists of the officers and men above mentioned of the Louisiana Brigade will be furnished to Colonel Dwight by Major Szymanski as soon as practicable, and the officers and men so enumerated shall be held to be exchange and may be so declared upon the delivery to the commissioner of General Canby of the officers and enlisted men to be exchanged for them as above provided.

II. All the officers and enlisted men of the C. S. Army now held by Major-General Steele, U. S. Army, as prisoners of war heretofore captured from the forces of General Smith, C. S. Army, shall be exchanged, officer for officer and enlisted man for enlisted man (or according to the scale of equivalents), for the same or an equivalent number of the officers and enlisted men heretofore captured from the command of Major-General Steele by the forces of General Smith and confined as prisoners of war at Camp Ford, near Tyler, Tex.

III. The officers and men of the forces of General Smith, captured at Helena, Ark., not now being within the control of Major-General Canby, their exchange cannot be certainly agreed upon, but Major-General Canby will make application for their return to this department for the purpose of exchange, and, if his application be granted, will exchange them for the same, or an equivalent number of the officers and men of the forces of the United States remaining in the hands of General Smith.

IV. Due notice shall be given by the commissioner of Major-General Canby to the commissioner of General Smith of the number of prisoners to be delivered by the former to the latter under each of Articles II and III.

V. The place of delivery of the prisoners of both sides to be exchanged shall be the Red River Landing, near the mouth of Red River, in the Parish of Pointe Coupee, unless changed by future agreement between the parties hereto.

VI. The exchange and delivery of prisoners herein provided for shall be simultaneous and shall be fixed by future correspondence at as early a day as practicable.

VII. It is understood and provided that if any of the troops of the Louisiana Brigade shall have been exchanged before the execution of this agreement by the general of exchange at Richmond, Article I of this agreement shall be so far inoperative and void, but shall

