HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio, April 14, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose you the report of Surgeon Longwell as to the condition of Prison Numbers 3 at this post. From this report and from my own knowledge I have no doubt about the absolute necessity of the immediate removal of this prison. The entire eastern portion of the camp in warm weather is rendered almost uninhabitable by the stench from the ditch that carries off the filth of this prison. It runs the whole length of that part of the camp between the quarters of the officers and the men, and from the nature of the ground it cannot be changed to any other direction.

This prison should be removed and reconstructed adjoining Prisons Nos. 1 and 2, where the ground will permit much more perfect drainage and will not annoy the camp by flowing out of filth, and the whole can be guarded by half the number of men now required. The expense of this removal will be trifling. I hope you will give this matter immediate attention.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ohio, April 19, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel Hoffman.

I have written two letters to the Quartermaster-General at Washington, one February 2, and the other March 21, 1864, asking a decision on the question of the removal of this camp to a place near by, selected with care, and for which estimates have been made. To these letters I have no reply. I think it of the utmost importance to move this camp at once as its location is the worst possible.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 30, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

The objectionable character of the location of Camp Chase and the greater objection to the position of Prison Numbers 3 have several times been presented by Governor Todd, the Quartermaster-General, Major-General Heintzelman, General Mason, and Colonel Swords, assistant quartermaster-general, and there seems now to be an imperative necessity in order to preserve the health of the Federal troops that Prison Numbers 3 should be removed.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Third indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 2, 1864.

Approved.

By order of the Secretary of War:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

