
anonymous note stating that an attempt by a number of prisoners to escape would be made; also saying that Belk and Bird were the leaders in the conspiracy. I immediately investigated the matter, and upon examination discovered and aperture in the partition separating the prisoners sufficiently to allow the passage of a man's body. I then isolated from the prisoners the following men implicated in the conspiracy, put them in irons, and confined them alone in case mate Numbers 1, to wit: Alexander White, in irons; A. G. Bird, in irons; L. T. Belk, in irons; Israel Puntman, J. W. O'Neil. Upon questioning L. T. Belk, after being in irons some time, he admitted that an attempt to escape was contemplated and that a boat was to be in waiting off the port. In his statement he also implicated Captain R. Lockwood, a blockade-runner, who was reconfined for offering a bribe for liberation from Luldow street jail. Also a Captain T. M. Harris, a blockade-runner, claiming to be a British subject. Frazer has been released a few days ago by the Secretary of the Navy unconditionally, and I feel satisfied that his timely warning and information frustrated the attempt to escape and allowed me to place in close confinement the leaders of the conspiracy.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[JULY 29, 1864. - For Foster to Jones, in regard to special exchanges, see Series I, Vol XXXV, Part II, p. 198.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., July 29, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel N. G. WATTS, Agent of Exchange, Jackson, Miss.:

SIR: Your favor of July 2 is before me. You state you "have effected a few individual exchanges" at Vicksburg. How am I to understand you? Did you give equivalents for them? You are aware that the Confederate Government for many months past has refused to make partial, special, or individual exchanges. We insist upon the terms of the cartel, and demand the release of all the excess on either side to be on parole. This the Federals refuse to do, and I have been instructed to notify them that unless this is done they shall have none of their prisoners. This I have done, and therefore no deliveries are made here, and of course no exchanges. It is extremely important we should have uniformity of action and that the same rule should be followed East and West. Acting under the instructions of the Secretary of War I have notified Lieutenant General Kirby Smith to hold on to all his captures. Only in this way can we bring the enemy to terms. Moreover, exchanges can only be made here. Deliveries may be made at Vicksburg, and by consent, elsewhere. Unless this rule is rigidly adhered to utter confusion will prevail and parties will be several times exchanged.

The only reason why I did not telegraph you of Exchange Notice Numbers 11 was that I doubted whether you could be reached. I telegraphed to Captain Curell, feeling sure that he would immediately notify you.

I have directed Henry E. Johnson to be brought to Richmond and will send him North by the first flag-of-truce boat. Tell Mrs. Roach I received her letter and according to her request telegraphed to her at

