
Brandon that I would send Johnson North by this route. I could not well send him to you.

The names of the men who reported at Camp Polk were sent to me in the Louisiana list and are embraced in Exchange Notice Numbers 11. They are exchanged.

I have heard nothing about the delivery of the Camp Douglas and Rock Island prisoners.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

R. E. A. Stuart, captain Company H, Twenty-fifth Virginia, and prisoners of war, asking that clothing be sent him.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 29, 1864.

Returned to Honorable Secretary of War.

The Federals still continue to refuse that State or Confederate contributions should be sent to our prisoners, and allege as the reason that we will not allow a like proceeding. They say they will make a reciprocal rule.

[RO. OULD.]

Colonel G. C. Gibbs, commanding C. S. military prison, Macon, Ga., asking that the Federal chaplains be sent home, as they give a great deal of trouble.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 29, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

The chaplains and surgeons have been ordered to Richmond to be sent through the lines by flag of truce.

[RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.]

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., July 30, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: In a letter from Charles W. Pavey, lieutenant, Eightieth Illinois Volunteers, to the Honorable L. Trumbull, dated Libby Prison, Richmond, June 5, 1864, Lieutenant Pavey gives the following names of men said to be confined at Johnson's Island, on account of whose confinement Lieutenant Pavey and others have been put in close confinement in Richmond, to wit: John Marr, Company I, Independent Kentucky Infantry; George P. Simms, Barbour County, Ky. ; W. S. Buress, Harrison County, Ky. ; Thomas M. Campbell, Nicholas County, Ky. I will thank you to state the circumstances under which these men are held at Johnson's Island and the manner of their confinement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Vols., Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

