
intermittent fever in one case; chronic diarrhea in five cases; acute dysentery in seven cases; measles in two cases; consumption

in one case; inflammation of the lungs in three cases; cholera morbus in one case. The above statement shows that eighteen deaths were caused by acute and six deaths by chronic diseases. All the diseases prevailing at this camp are of a strongly marked adynamic type, and are more or less complicated with scurvy and nostalgia. The asthenic character of the prevailing diseases is undoubtedly caused by overcrowding in the barracks and by the exhalations from the ground, which has severed as a receptacle for the excreta of thousand of men who have been stationed here since the beginning of this war. Most of the prisoners occupy poorly ventilated buildings and have and average allowance of about eighty cubic feet of air space to a men. Those who occupy tents are still more crowded. The camp an area of nearly four and a half square acres and contains 4,964 men. The hospital is also situated within the camp inclosure. The prisoners receive a sufficient quantity of food, but no succulent vegetables have been issued since last fall, although the commanding officer's attention has been called to the necessity of supplying the men with anti-scorbutic. The cooking was formerly done in messes of messes of from five to ten men, but now kitchens have been built, in each of which food is prepared for from 300 to 400 prisoners. Water is procured from wells situated in camp; it contains large quantities of salts of lime and magnesia, but only a trifling quantity of organic matter. The surrounding country abounds in militia. Most of the diseases observed here are characterized by periodicity and other symptoms of malarial intoxication. Dysentery is prevailing to a considerable extent and is of a very malignant character. The cases which terminated in death were complicated with decided symptoms of scurvy and of malarial poisoning. Typho-malarial fever is also very prevalent. It attacks mostly debilitated subjects, and is in may cases complicated with bronchitis and pneumonia. But few cases of measles have been under treatment. The cases which terminated in death were complicated with inflammation of the bowels, pneumonia, and meningitis. Cholera morbus is quite prevalent. We have lost but one cases. Most of the cases are of a very severe character and bear a strong resemblance to cases of epidemic cholera. Our cases of pneumonia are generally of a decided asthenic character, and are frequently complicated with scurvy and dysentery. The accompanying table of monthly rates of sickness and mortality of prisoners of war at Camp Morton, Ind., is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES J. KIPP,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, in Charge.

[Indorsement.]

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE, NORTHERN DIVISION.

Respectfully forwarded to the Surgeon-General.

The overcrowding of the prison at Camp Morton and the condition of the grounds herein reported in my opinion should be remedied or we may expect the large mortality of last year to occur again. This rests with the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CHAS. S. TRIPLER,

Surgeon and Medical Director, Northern Department.

33 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII

