
this commission, and your opinion with regard to each prisoner examined, will be made by you as promptly as practicable.

Major-General Maury will be instructed to advise with you upon any questions arising in his jurisdiction which may require the aid of legal counsel, and retain you to appear in behalf of the Department in any judicial investigation in which he may judge it necessity for the interests of the Government to be protected by counsel. You will notify the Department on receipt of this communication whether you will accept the position assigned you, and when it will comport which your convenience to enter upon the discharge of the duties. By way of compensation for your services you will be allowed the sum of $150 per month, to be paid on the order of the commanding officer of the department, Major-General Mauray, by any quartermaster of the Confederate States, and transportation will be furnish you for all necessary travel by the commandants of the several posts. The rate of compensation above named is not designed to preclude your right to demand and receive additional compensation for services in court.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

OFFICE SUPT. OF PRISONERS, DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,

Near Sandusky, Ohio, July 31, 1864.

Captain JUNIUS R. SANFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of inspector of prisons this Sunday morning: The condition of prisons and prisoners is quite satisfactory. The policing of grounds and barracks has been well done, and will improve from this time. The want of lime is severely felt. The extremely hot weather of the present week has affected the drains and sinks, and with all possible attention they could not be kept from smelling badly. I would suggest that a small limekiln be put up and burned on the island. We want hoes and spilt brooms for policing in the prison. The brooms can be made here. There has been great trouble again this last week the pumps. They broke down again, making it necessary to let the prisoners out to they bay to get a supply of water. Two more pumps would be an improvement. Number of prisoners last Sunday, 2,404; number of prisoners to-day, 2,441; increase, 37. Number in hospital last Sunday, 50; number in hospital to-day, 52; increase, 2. One death occurred July 25. If the prison barracks were whitewashed again it would add very much to the appearance of the prison and be conductive to health.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. SCOVILL,

Major 128th Ohio Volunteers, Superintendent of Prison.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Johnson's Island, Ohio, July 31, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

The want of hoes and brooms might better have first appeared in requisition. There has been a readiness at all times to supply the superintendent with everything needed. The project of burning our

