
[Inclosure.]

CAMP CHASE, OHIO, April 11, 1864.

Colonel W. P. RICHARDSON, Commanding Post:

I have in compliance with your order made a careful examination of Prison Numbers 3, Camp Chase, Ohio, and have the honor of submitting the following report:

I find the sanitary condition of the quarters, streets, and alleys good, but the sinks, situated a few feet north of the quarters, I find in a decidedly pernicious condition. They are all full, or nearly so, with one exception. This one would accommodate the present number of men two or three months. There is room for no more sinks within the inclosure. There is a large ditch running the entire length of the prison and within a few feet of one line of quarters, which is partially filled by the fluid contents of the sinks permeating the soil and settling therein. And at present, owing to the recent rains, the sinks are to some extent overflowing and the contents passing into the ditch. This offensive matter cannot be disposed of except by conducting it through a ditch running between and parallel with the officers' and company quarters the entire length of the east half of the camp. The result of which is too palpable to require comment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALBERT LONGWELL,

Eighty-eighth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Post Surgeon.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 14, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

A large number of paroled prisoners at Benton Barracks have refused to obey the order of the post commander to perform ordinary fatigue duty in the post quartermaster's department, alleging that obedience to the order would violate the terms of their parole. Please inform me if it is a violation of the cartel under the circumstances.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Camp Milton, April 14, 1864.

Brigadier General W. M. GARDNER, Commanding Sub-District Numbers 1:

GENERAL: The list of Federal prisoners at Tallahassee, with your suggestions, has been submitted to the major-general commanding, who desires me to say that he fully appreciates the force of your suggestions on the question of subsistence, &amp;c., but does not deem it prudent to send these men by way of Jacksonville, even if he had authority to do so, which he has not. He directs that as fast as these prisoners are in condition to bear removal without injury you send them to the depot for such prisoners at Andersonville or such other point in the interior as you may think advisable.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

