
Very special inquiries have been made to ascertain any facts bearing upon this matter, and it does not appear that we hold any one in confinement except upon just grounds, according to the laws of war.

The Secretary of War directs me to ask your special attention to this subject with a view to the release of the four officers above named, because of whose confinement a corresponding number of prisoners in our hands have been closely confined, who will, of course, be released as soon as it can be known that the four Federal offices above named shall have been placed on the footing of other prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Vols. Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,August 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Commanding Northern District:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that authority has been given him to exchange the rebel prisoners of war within this department for our officers now confined in Charleston, S. C. Arrangements have been made for the exchange to take place in Charleston Harbor on Wednesday at 10 o'clock. Consequently you will cause a sharp lookout to be kept, and when their steamer makes its appearance the firing from our batteries on Morris Island will cease, and not be resumed until exchange is completed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. ANDERSON,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

[AUGUST 1, 1864. - For Jones to Foster, in relation to a special exchange of prisoners of war, see Series I, Vol. XXXV, Part II, p. 210.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 1, 1864.

Brigadier General LAZ. NOBLE,

Adjutant-General of Indiana, Indianapolis, Ind.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 14th ultimo in behalf of certain prisoners of war from Louisiana who are in confinement at Camp Morton, Ind. In May last a petition in behalf of these prisoners was presented by His Excellency Governor Hahn, of Louisiana, to the War Department, and it was then decided that as the proclamation of amnesty does not extend to prisoners of war, and as there was nothing in these to distinguish them from those of other prisoners of war who desire to take the oath of allegiance, an exception could not be made in their favor to grant them a discharge. If you have any special considerations to present which would be likely to induce favorable action on the application I will be happy to submit them for the decision of the War Department.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissar-General of Prisoners.

