
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 1, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel S. EASTMAN,

Commanding Depot of Prisoners of War, Elmira, N. Y.:

COLONEL: Doubts having been entertained as to the propriety under Circular Numbers 3, from this office, of purchasing tea and sugar for the sick when the ration allowed is insufficient, and antiscorbutics for the prisoners generally, I am directed by the Commissary-General of Prisoners to inform you that the articles named be purchased whenever in the judgment of the surgeon they are necessary. Such purchases will be made on the certificate of the surgeon that the articles are necessary, with your approval; the tea and sugar to be brought from the commissary and paid for from the hospital fund, and the antiscorbutic for general use will be paid for from the prison fund. When the hospital fund is too limited to meet such expenditures they may be made from the prison fund.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Brigadier General W. W. Morris, commanding Fort McHenry, Baltimore, Md; Colonel A. J. Johnson, commanding Rock Island, Ill; Colonel C. W. Hill, commanding Johnson's Island, Ohio; Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke, commanding Fort Lafayette, N. Y. ; Major Stephen Cabot, commanding Fort Warren, Mass. ; Colonel W. P. Richardson, commanding Camp Chase, Ohio; Colonel J. P. Sanderson, provost-marshal-general, Saint Louis, Mo. ; Colonel B. J. Sweet, commanding Camp Douglas, Ill. ; Captain S. E. Jones, aide-de-camp and provost-marshal-general, Louisville, Ky. ; Colonel A. A. Stevens, commanding Camp Morton, Ind. ; Colonel T. Ingraham, provost-marshal-general, Washington, D. C.)

RICHMOND, VA., August 1, 1864.

General S. JONES, Charleston, S. C.:

If exchange is perfected, furnish prompt list of officers received, that orders of assignment may be sent.

JEFF'N DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. MILITARY PRISON,Camp Sumter, August 1, 1864.

Colonel CHANDLER, C. S. Army:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose consolidated report of the military prison under my charge for the month of July, 1864*.

Allow me to point out to you some items which, if possible, ought to be attended to.

We have an inadequate supply of tools to put the interior of prison in a proper condition; we need axes, wheelbarrows, and such things; we needed lumber, lime, iron, sheet-iron for baking pans.

The prison, although a large addition has been made, is too crowded; almost daily large numbers of prisoners arrive, and before two weeks it will be in the same condition it was before the addition was made, and all internal improvements, which you are aware yourself are of the

---------------

* See p. 517.

---------------

