
esteemed by all who know him. I recommend his case to the favorable consideration of Your Excellency, and remain with high esteem and respect.

Your obedient servant,

P. G. VAN WINKLE,

U. S. Senator.

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 18, 1864.

If General Hitchcock can effect a special exchange of Thomas D. Armesy, now under conviction as a spy, or something of the sort, and in prison at-, for Major Nathan Goff, made a prisoners of war, and now in prison at Richmond, let it be done.

A. LINCOLN.

OFFICE AGENT OF EXCHANGE,
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., August 2, 1864.

Major IG. SZYMANSKI,

Agent of Exchange, Trans-Mississippi Department, C. S. Army:

MAJOR: At our last interview your were good enough to express a willingness and even a desire that the U. S. authorities should furnish supplies of clothing and sanitary stores for the use of the U. S. prisoners confined at Camp Ford. It is the desire of Major-General Canby to forward such supplies at the earliest opportunity when transportation can be given them to their destination, and I therefore propose, with your consent, to bring to our place of meeting at the time of the exchange of prisoners, to be made under our agreement of July 28, some stores of the following description, viz: Clothing, desiccated vegetables, vinegar, assorted medicines, axes (for cutting fuel and logs for huts). These articles shall be reasonable in amount, shall be securely packed, and transportation will be furnished for them by us to any point permitted by you; beyond that point I have the honor to ask your assurance that transportation shall be furnished by the Confederate authorities, and that the articles shall be applied to the use of the U. S. prisoners remaining in your hands. Your personals assurance upon this point will be ample guarantee to us.

An answer to this proposition returned at the time of forwarding the lists of paroled me of the Louisiana brigade, to be exchange, will enable me to have the supplies put in time for delivery to you at the time of our next exchange.

There are some of the paroled men of the Louisiana brigade in this city not confined as prisoners, but ordered to report here, to be sent within your lines. I will furnish you with lists of such as desire to be exchanged, and if you desire it will exchange them on the terms provided by our agreement of July 28.

I am, major, yours, &amp;c.,

CHAS. C. DWIGHT,

Colonel, &c.

CHARLESTON, August 2, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Unless otherwise ordered I shall grant leaves of absence to the five generals and forty-five officers prisoners of war who will be exchanged day after to-morrow, to await orders, taking their address. I can communicate to them any orders you may desire.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

