
the funds should be disposed of in accordance with paragraph 746, General Army Regulations; paragraph 5, General Orders, Numbers 50, dated Headquarters Department of the Missouri, 28th of February, 1862; paragraphs 38 and 72, General Orders, Numbers 100, dated War Department, 24th of April, 1863. If the prisoners have died or escaped, or it is not known from whom the money was received, the bills, notes, or bonds should be sent to the Adjutant-General of the Army as prescribed by General Orders, Numbers 89, of 1864. The Secretary of War wishes the Confederate money belonging to prisoners of war in our possession to be so con trolled as to prevent its circulation in the loyal States of the Union. On the 20th of May last, by order of the Secretary of War, a box said to contain $94,829. 71, C. S. money, according to invoice, the private property of prisoners of war at Johnson's Island, was returned through Adams Express Company to Colonel W. S. Pierson, but it is not known at the War Department whether it has been received by the colonel or not. The box containing the funds having been busted before delivery to the Adjutant-General a new one was made and the money was returned therein without breaking the packages. The packages handed to you are numbered 6, 16, 19, 31, 42, 43, and 46.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Inspector-General.

THE STATE OF OHIO, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Columbus, August 3, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Under your request to me* I instructed the adjutant-general of the State to make visitation and report to you as to the condition, security, and treatment of the rebel prisoners within this State. Herewith I hand you the report of General Cowen as to Camp Chase. The pressure upon this time has been as great, connected with the new regiments, that he has not yet been able to visit Johnson's Island. He will do so in a few days. This report is full and clear upon all the points embraced in your note. I simply call your attention to so much of its as relates to the furnishing of supplies, outside of the rations, to these men, and the fact that it is done under the order of the Commissioner-General of Prisoners, which there is no authority here to modify or change. This extraordinary leniency is a matter of great dissatisfaction in our community, who continually contract it with the sufferings our men are called upon the endure. Perhaps it cannot be remedied without further increasing the sufferings of our own men, but this is not understood. There is certainly a very large limit given to it and much feeling resulting therefrom.

Very respectfully,

JOHN BROUGH,

Governor of Ohio.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS, STATE OF OHIO,

Adjutant-General's Office, Columbus, August 1, 1864.

Honorable JOHN BROUGH, Governor, &amp;c., Columbus, Ohio:

SIR: In obedience to instructions from you, based on a letter from Honorable E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War, dated July 1, 1864, relative to inspection of rebel prisoners, &c., in Ohio, I have the honor to submit

---------------

* See July 1, p. 428.

---------------

