
to draw in when they please, the officer in charge of this branch of the business assuming the position of banker to the prisoner, safety keeping the money subject to the order of the depositor. With the money so drawn the prisoner repairs to the sutler's store in person and makes purchases of such articles of comfort or luxury as he may desire. To facilities the purchase of articles by prisoners the sutler has an opening on one side of his store directly into the prison inclosure. In addition to this convenience to prisoners their friends are permitted to contribute to their comfort in the shape of liberal and frequent supplies of clothing, money, and food, which contributions are given them without hesitation and without stint. These comforts, together with the rebel ration, certainly constitute a bill of fare much more creditable to our generosity than to our proper consideration of the treatment due an enemy which has constantly violated the comment dictates of humanity in the treatment of prisoners of war, and is an unpleasant contrast to the treatment received by our soldiers now languishing in Southern prisons. I would most respectfully but earnestly urge that these prisoners be confined strictly to the rebel ration in all cases, cutting off entirely the access to the sutler's both and the reception of contributions from friends. If, after due notice given that supplies of this nature will not be received, they are still sent, I would suggest that they be turned over for the use of loyal men, sick or wounded in hospital. The sleek, fat, comfortable looking rebels were never better fed nor more comfortably situated, and the mere fact of their being thus comfortably circumstanced may account for their resting so quietly under their confinement.

Intercourse with prisoners. - In this regard the custom is certainly very commendable. No intercourse is allowed with the prisoners unless in case of dangerous illness. On all other occasions no persons whatever are allowed to visit prisoners. The mail matter for prisoners is carefully inspected by an officer detailed for that duty, and if anything objectionable appears therein the letter is destroyed. All money is taken from the letters and deposited to the credit of the prisoner to whom it was sent.

General remarks. - The general business of the camp moves with commendable regularity and promptness, all the officers seeming intelligent and prompt. The commandant devotes himself personally, as far as practicable, to an inspection of the details of the different departments. The hospital department is neat and clean, and the very small number of sick (forty-five) is sufficient evidence of the healthfulness of the location and the general good treatment of the prisoners. The treatment of the prisoners in the matter of food, &amp;c., to which I have taken exception in the foregoing report, is strictly in accordance with instruction from Colonel Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, and there is no authority in the camp or elsewhere in this vicinity to correct the abuse. For this reason I would respectfully suggest that the personal attention of the Secretary of War be at once called to this matter.

I have the honor to remain, Governor, very respectfully,

B. R. COWEN,

Adjutant-General of Ohio.

[First indorsement.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, OHIO, Columbus, August 3, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the Secretary of War for his personal inspection.

JNO BROUGH.

