
[Second indorsement.]

AUGUST 10, 1864.

Colonel Hoffman is desired to read and remark upon this report.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Third indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 11, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Major General E. A. Hitchcock, commissioner for exchange.

The regulations in relation to the sale of articles to prisoners of war were made on the suggestion of the Commissary-General of Prisoners and by other of the Secretary of War. In February last Major-General Butler, commissioner for exchanges, recommended that boxes containing "nothing hurtful or contraband" sent to prisoners of war by their families or friends should be delivered, and at the same time he recommended that prisoners should be permitted to purchase such clothing or other articles, liquor excepted, as they might desire. The undesigned did not concur in these recommendations, but submitted them for the consideration of the Secretary of War, with the suggestion that boxes containing certain articles might be sent from beyond our lines to prisoners in our hands provided the prisoners held by the enemy were permitted to receive boxes of the same articles sent from the loyal States. At the same time a limited list of articles was presented, which it was recommended prisoners might be permitted to purchase from the sutler. This list was approved by the Secretary of War and orders were issued accordingly, and a few days after the recommendation of Major-General Butler in relation to the delivery of boxes was approved by the Secretary of War and the necessary orders were issued. The limitations put on this privilege were at the suggestion of the undersigned. Copies of the orders authorizing sales and the delivery of boxes to prisoners are herewith inclosed. If the prisoners at Camp Chase have been permitted to receive contributions of "clothing, money, and food without stint", as reported by General Cowen, the commanding officer has disobeyed orders and greatly orders his duty. Prisoners are not permitted to receive money or to have it in their possession. It should be taken from them and be held by the commanding officer or officer appointed to receive it, and the prisoners can use it only in the purchase form the sutler of such articles as are allowed, which are paid for by an order on the commanding officer. Only such clothing is allowed as is necessary for immediate use. If an excess of food has been received it shows that the commanding officer, from want of judgment, has permitted what was intended as a privilege to grow into an abuse. Major-General Butler's letter on this subject was a second time submitted to the Secretary of War on the 1st ultimo, together with copies of the letters from this office on the same subject. The undersigned concurs in the recommendation of General Cowen that Camp Chase be inclosed by a substantial fence, as being economical in dispensing with the present of a large guard to prevent straggling form the camp.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

