
Hospital fund, how expended, accounted for, condition-$740, properly. 40. Hospital washing, how performed, how paid for-by contract, paid out of hospital fund. 41. Surgeons, number present and absent-1. 42. Assistant surgeons-1 present, 1 absent. 43. Chaplains-none. 44. Hospital stewards-1. 45. Cooks and nurses-35. 46. Sick, ratio of, to strength of command-11 to 100. 47. Sick, condition, cleanliness-good. 48. Sick, beds for, superficial area and air space per bed-sufficient. * * * 51. Medical and surgical treatment-good. 52. Surgical operations, how performed-none. 53. Nursing, how preformed-by prisoners. 54. Diseases prevalent-diarrhea, fevers, malaria. 55. Diseases of local origin-probably none. 56. Diseases, mitigation or tardy-tardy. 58. Mortality from diseases, wounds, per cent. -1 1/10 per cent. for past three months. 59. Vaccination-attended to properly. 60. Interments, how conducted and recorded-properly.

Absent medical officers-D. R. Marks, acting assistant surgeon, U. S. Army; family reasons, by authority of General Rosecrans.

Special reports respecting the skill, efficiency, and conduct of officers and attendants connected with the medical department: T. A. Worrall, surgeon of volunteers, efficient; H. Williams, acting assistant surgeon, U. S. Army, efficient; D. R. Marks, acting assistant surgeon, U. S. Army, efficient.

C. T. ALEXANDER,

Surgeon and Medical Inspector, U. S. Army.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 4, 1864.

Bvt. Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I am authorized by Major-General Halleck, chief of staff, to require a suitable barge to be purchased and fitted up the accommodation of a guard of thirty-five men, armed with a 6-pounder field piece and a 24-pounder howitzer, to be anchored in the Mississippi River, off Rock Island, as additional security for the depot of prisoners of war, and I respectfully request you will direct the quartermaster at Saint Louis to provide such a barge properly fitted up. The officers of the quartermaster's department at Saint Louis have had so much experience in gun-boats that I do not think it advisable to make any suggestions further than this, that the object is to establish a floating citadel, inaccessible to the prisoners, and so armed as to overawe them, which it is desirable should be done at little expense as possible. A substantial flat-boat would probably answer the purpose. Besides the accommodations for the men for messing and sleeping, a suitable room will be require for one or two officers. Should it become necessary to move it at any time a ferry-boat will be used for the occasion. The gun carriages will be prepared for the purpose, and the quartermaster will be informed of their character, so that the frames in the barge may be made to correspond.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

