
and are within the rebel lines. I inclose a copy of this agreement*, and have the honor to request that the prisoners referred to in articles 2 and 3 may be sent me for delivery.

The exchange of the prisoners belonging to our navy now confined in Texas was refused in consequence of orders from the rebel Government at Richmond prohibiting their exchange except for prisoners belonging to the rebel navy. It is hoped that Admiral Farragut's operation at Mobile Bay will give us the means of effecting the release of these men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 107. New Orleans, August 4, 1864.

The following-named officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates being of the number of prisoners of war delivered on paroled at Red River Landing, La., June 17, 1864, and being and equivalent for 110 privates entered into July 22, 1864, between Colonel Charles C. Dwight, U. S. commissioner of exchange for the Military Division of West Mississippi, and Major Ig. Szymanski, C. S. commissioner of exchange for the Trans-Mississippi Department:

Colonel Frank Emerson, Sixty-seventh Indiana Volunteers; Captain Robert B. Ennis, One hundred and sixtieth New York Volunteers; Second Lieutenant George W. Gibson, One hundred and sixty-second New York Volunteers; Second Lieutenant Squire Pinkston, Nineteenth Kentucky Volunteers; Second Lieutenant Harrison S. Poulter, Nineteenth Kentucky Volunteers+.

Officers and enlisted men above enumerated will join their respective commands without delay.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[AUGUST 4, 1864. - For Foster to Halleck (two letters), reporting special exchange of officers, representing condition of Union prisoners at Andersonville, and recommending that no more exchanges be made at Charleston, for reasons stated, see Series I, Vol. XXXV, Part II, pp. 212, 213.]

HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS, August 4, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward the following names of Federal officers captured on the 30th ultimo by the troops of Anderson's division, Brigadier General William Mahone commanding, whilst in command of negro troops of the enemy, for action of the Department, as indicated in order of His Excellency the President, published in General Orders, Numbers 111, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, series of 1862:

---------------

* See July 28, p. 508.

+ And 61 enlisted men (names here omitted).

---------------

