
CAMP SUMTER, Anderson, Ga., August 4, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHANDLER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: This prison was located about the 20th of December, 1863, and the first work done was about the 10th of January, 1864. There was great difficultly in procuring labor and teams. All the transportation we ever had is what we were able to hire from a refugee, the Government furnishing none until June, 1864.

The prison was at first designed for 6,000 prisoners; subsequently and in time before completion it was extended for 10,000. Before the stockade was completed necessity completed us to send about 3,000 prisoners to occupy it. The interruption caused thereby retarded the work. The arrival of the prisoners made greater demands on the already insufficient labor and prevented the completion on the original design. The constantly increasing number of prisoners rendered the necessary improvements almost impossible, the improvements about the stream of water for the time impossible, and will now be very difficult. This prison, as above stated, was originally designed for 10,000, and the extent of the baking and cooking and all other arrangements was designed for that number.

Subsequently the number was constantly increased until it has reached over 32,000. In the meantime ten acres had been added to the stockade. When the number had reached 12,000 immediate steps were taken to increase the baking, cooking, and other arrangements, but the impossibility of procuring the necessary material has prevented the completion. In a few days the cooking arrangements will be completed; the baking is, and I fear will be, delayed for want of the necessary material. The present and constantly increasing crowded state of the stockade will, I fear, compel me to occupy the space between the present stockade and the stockade now being erected for defense for prisons. This will be a serious inconveniences, but I see no help for it.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

CHIEF SURGEON'S OFFICE,

Andersonville, Ga., August 4, 1864.

Brigadier General J. H. WINDER, Commandant of Post:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the sanitary condition of C. S. military prison:

First. Medical topography of the station. - The location is high and well drained, the soil light and sandy. Near the stockade, in a southward direction, is a creek whose margins are muddy and boggy. Through the center of the stockade passes a smaller stream of similar character. This condition is favorable to the development of malarious diseases, but the report of sick and wounded for the month of July exhibits a small ratio of this class of diseases. Out of 10,621 cases treated only 505 are of a malarious character. This cause appears to have acted more on the garrison than on the prisoners. Out of 1,603 cases treated 145 malarious diseases are reported.

Second. Climate. - The climate is hot, and the prisoners coming from a much higher latitude have been influenced greatly by this agency.

Third. Nature of barracks and hospital accommodations. - The prisoners are without barracks or tents, 30,000 men being densely crowded

