
[Indorsement.]

ANDERSONVILLE, GA., August 4, 1864.

Respectfully submitted with report of inspection.

D. T. CHANDLER,

Lieutenant Colonel and Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., August 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General WINDER, Andersonville;

Your communication of July 25 received*. Suggestion concurred in. Write letter and designate place for the removal of the prisoners.

By order of the President:

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

MILLEN, August 5, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

We have made a selection for a new prison, five miles form this place, on the August railroad.

D. W. VOWLES,

W. S. WINDER,

Captains.

ANDERSON, July [August] 5, 1864.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

COLONEL: Having, in obedience to instructions of 25th of July ultimo, carefully inspected the prison for Federal prisoners of war and post at this place, I respectfully submit the following report:

The Federal prisoners of war are confined within a stockade 15 feet high, of roughly hewn pine logs, about 8 inches in diameter, inserted 5 feet in the grounds, inclosing, including the recent extension, an area of 540 by 260 yards. A railing around the inside of the stockade and about 20 feet from it constitutes the "dead-line", beyond which the prisoners are not allowed to pass, and bout 3 1/4 acres near the center of the inclosure are so marshy as to be at present until for occupation, reducing the available present area to about 23 1/2 acres, which gives somewhat less than 6 square feet to each prisoner. Even this is being constantly reduced by the additions to their number. A small stream passes from west to east through the inclosure at about 150 yards from its southern limit and furnishes the only water for washing accessible to the prisoners. Some regiments of the guard, the bakery, and cook-house, being placed on the rising ground bordering the stream before it enters the prison, render the water nearly unfit for use before it reaches the prisoners. This is now being remedied in part by the removal of the cook-house. Under the pressure of their necessities the prisoners have dug numerous wells within the inclosure, from which they obtain an ample supply of water to drink of good quality. Excepting the edges of this stream, the soil is sandy and easily drained, but from 30 to 50

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

