
has sometimes been issued. The arrangements for cooking and baking have been wholly inadequate, and though additions are now being completed it will still be impossible to cook for the whole number of prisoners. Raw rations have to be issued to a very large proportion who are entirely unprovided with proper utensils and furnished so limited a supply of fuel they are completed to dig with their hands in the fifty marsh before mentioned for roots, &amp;c. No soap or clothing has ever been issued. After inquiry I am confident that by slight exertions green corn and other antiscorbutics could readily be obtained. Herewith I hand two reports of Chief Surgeon White, to which I would respectfully call your attention*. The present hospital arrangements were only intended for the accommodation of the sick of 10,000 men, and are totally insufficient, both in character and extent, for the present needs; the number of prisoners being now more than three times as great, the number of cases requiring medical treatment is in an increased ratio. It is impossible to state the number of sick, many dying within the stockade whom the medical officers never see or hear of 'till their remains are brought out for interment. The rate of deaths has steadily increased from 37. 4 per 1,000 during the month of March last to 62. 7 per 1,000 in July. Of the medical officers but eleven hold commissions; nearly all of the others are detailed from the militia, and have accepted the position to avoid serving in the ranks, and will relinquish their contracts as soon as the present emergency has passed and the militia is disbanded. But little injury would result from this, however, as they are generally very inefficient; and not residing at the post, only visiting it once a day at 'sick-call", they bestow but little attention to those under their care. The smallpox hospital is under the charge of Dr. E. Sheppard, Provisional Army, C. S. More than half the cases in it terminated fatally. The management and police of the general hospital grounds seem to be as good as the limited means will allow, but there is pressing necessity for at least three times the number of tents and amount of bedding now on hand. The supply of medicines is wholly inadequate, and frequently there is none, owing to the great delays experienced in filling the requisitions.

The guard forces, under the immediate command of Colonel Henry Forno, Provisional Army, C. S., are composed of Captain Dyke's company Florida light artillery, Fifty-fifth Regiment Georgia Infantry, First, Second, Third, and Fourth Regiments Georgia Reserves, and Lieutenant-Colonel Furlow's battalion Georgia militia, and aggregate of 3,600 men, of whom 647 are now on the sick report. Captain Dyke's company of artillery is an efficient body of men, well drilled, disciplined, and officer. The Fifty-fifth Georgia is composed of men who were absent from their command at the time their regiment proper was captured at Cumberland Gap. They are thoroughly demoralized, mutinous, and entirely without discipline, and should be at once removed from this point and their places supplied with better troops. The colonel of this regiment, C. B. Harkie, through armed at the time, permitted his men to drag him from a railroad car and march him up and down the platform of the depot, and to take him from his tent, place him on a stump, and colonel him to go through the manual of arms with a tent-pole, and to sign and forward his resignation to the War Department. This last he recalled by a telegram from Fort Valley. He has recently rejoined the command, but dares not assume command of the regiment.

