
is respectfully called to the accompanying copy of an order issued by Brigadier-General Gardner to convert all moneys belonging to prisoners in the hands of the quartermaster at Richmond into Confederate currency, and at the prices established by Government, without consulting the wishes of the prisoners on the subject*. It will be seen by the account book forwarded with this that some of these claim consideration amounts. The injustice of compelling them to receive our currency against their consent is apparent.

In conclusion, I beg leave to recommend that no more prisoners be sent to this already overcrowded prison, and that at the two additional localities selected by General Winder, under instructions from General Bragg-the one near Millen, Ga., the other some point in Alabama south of Cahaba-arrangements be at once made for the excess over 15,000 at this made over 1,300 prisoners have been added to the number specified in the reports herewith. With a view of relieving to some extent this point as soon as possible I respectfully suggest that 2,000 of those who most need the change, especially the Belle Isle prisoners, be at once sent to Macon to occupy the quarters vacated by the Federal officers, that being the greatest number who can be properly accommodated with shelter at that prison.

It is absolutely necessary that the regulations for the government of the prisoners be legibly painted on boards and exposed in conspicuous places, say be nailing on the sutler's shop and on the inner face of the stockade at various points. Those established by Captain Wirz, herewith submitted*, are approved, with the exception of paragraph 4, which it is recommended shall be stricken out.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

D. T. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

August 18, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

The condition of the prison at Andersonville is a reproach to us as a nation. The Engineer and Ordnance Departments were applied to for implements, authorized their issue, and I so telegraphed General Winder. Colonel Chandler's recommendation are concurred in.

By order of General S. Cooper:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Second indorsement.]

This report discloses a condition of things imperatively demanding prompt and decisive measures of relief. The discomforts and sufferings of the prisoners seem almost incredible; and the frightful per centrum of mortality, steadily increasing until in the month of July it had attained the extent of 62. 7 per 1,000, appears to be only a necessary consequence of the criminal indifference of the authorities charged with their care and custody. No effectual remedy for all these evils

---------------

* See June 25, p. 416.

+ Not found.

---------------

