
seems available so long as the numbers are in such large excess over that for which the prison was designed; but some things can be done at once to ameliorate the condition. Colonel Chandler, whose recommendations are approved by Colonel Chilton, suggests the relief of General Winder and substitution of some other commander. The state of things described in the report cannot*

[Third indorsement.]

SECRETARY OF WAR:

These reports show a condition of things at Andersonville which calls very loudly for the interposition of the Department in order that a change may be made. +

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

ANDERSONVILLE, August 5, 1864.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Asst. Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: The following additional report of my inspection at this point is respectfully submitted:

Colonel Henry Forno, in immediate command of the guard forces, deserves special mention as an active, intelligent, energetic, and zealous officer. Captain Henry Wirz, in immediate command of the prison, is entitled to commendation for his untiring energy and devotion to the discharge of the multifarious duties of his position, for which he is preeminently qualified. I respectfully concur in the recommendation which had been forwarded by General Winder for his promotion, and further recommend that not less than three captains or subalterns, especially selected for their fitness for the position, be furnished him as assistants. Captain J. W. Armstrong, assistant commissary of subsistence, left the post shortly after my arrival on sick-leave, looking up nearly all his books and papers. I was consequently unable to make a satisfactory examination into his affairs. Enough information, however, was elicited to show that he is a very inefficient officer and entirely incompetent for the discharge of the duties of his position, and should at once be removed. Captain R. B. Winder, assistant quartermaster, is an energetic and efficient officer, whose whole time and attention are requisite for the duties strictly appertaining to his position. The additional duties devolved upon him by the instructions from the Quartermaster-General's Office, requiring him to establish and superintend a large shoe factory, should be imposed on some other officer of the department.

The other staff officers at this post seem intelligent and efficient in the discharge of their duties, with the exceptions of Captain Samuel T. Baily, assistant adjutant-general, who is mentally and physically incapacitated for their performance, and Surg. E. Sheppard and Asst. Surgs. R. E. Alexander and A. Thornburgh, who are represented by the chief surgeon as being incompetent and inefficient.

---------------

* Remainder of this indorsement torn from wrapper and lost. From the testimony printed in Report Numbers 45, House of Representatives, this session, Fortieth Congress, p. 133, it appears that it was written by Mr. B. R. Wellford, Jr., of the Confederate War Department.

---------------

+ See Chilton to Winder, September 3, p. 755.

