
you can purchase it. Have your water pipes put in good condition at once. If a third one is necessary have it laid, and, if possible, secure them all against the frost. As Mr. Johnson was able to dig an excellent well, I do not understand why they should fail to accomplish as much at the post if proper efforts were made. When you dig more sinks in the lower side of the barracks make them as large and permanent as possible; make the vault 15 feet long, 10 feet broad, and 15 feet deep; plank it up well, and bank it around with earth, and cover it securely so that water will not run in from the surface. I know that the commanding officer is very much dependent upon his subordinates, and if he does not give his personal attention to see that they obey his orders it is not likely that much attention will be paid to them. To overlook neglects is only to invite a repetition of them.

If another wagon is required at the depot direct the quartermaster to make a requisition for it, with team, harness, &amp;c., and transmit it, with your approval, to this office. Your tri-monthly report of prisoners at the depot is received. Please inform me from whom the order requiring their report was received. I have no copy of it in this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 6, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, U. S. Army,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: Inclosed I have the honor to transmit report of inspection of Camp Morton, Indianapolis, for prisoners of war. I find this camp in anything but a favorable condition. The inclosure is too small for the number confined in it, there being at present 4,885 prisoners in less than five acres. The barracks occupied are, five 140 feet by 22 feet, averaging 484 inmates; two 100 feet by 20, averaging 436 inmates, and a shed 350 feet by 12 feet, with 554 inmates. All of these are overcrowded and not sufficiently well policed. The tents occupied are 198 common, 3 Sibley, 7 wall, and 16 bell. These are overcrowded, and position never charged for want of room. I found some empty tents standing, which I ordered to be occupied by inmates of the barracks and tents from which the most sick report. To the camp I found one sink and two cesspools. The sink is near the center of the camp - a large pit covered by an oval covering, holes being cut in the cover for seats. It has a chimney some eight or ten feet, projecting from top of cover, which is supposed to be an escape pipe for the noxious gases. As there is no current of air it is useless. The cesspools are two holes on west side of camp, about ten feet long and four feet wide, with boards laid irregularly over them for the men to stand upon. These I ordered to be filled, plenty of lime being used, and in their stead two sinks to be built, with boxes on wheels to receive the excrement, the boxes to be emptied and washed daily. The police of camp is not as good as should be. The commanding officer complains of deficiency of officers. Until this month there has been a great scarcity of vegetables; now onions are issued in suitable quantity.

The prison and hospital funds are well managed. The former, at end of July, was $36,215. 52; the latter, $2,224. 71. The individual accounts of prisoners are satisfactory to them, and so far without loss to the

