
officer in charge. Instructions to the guard definite and given with care, the prisoners full understanding their privileges. The trade with sutler by checks. The hospital is, as far as possible, well managed. The hospital accommodations much too small. The sick report shows 327 in hospital, 256 in quarters - large for the number of prisoners. The mortality is great; 81 died last month. This is owing to the crowded state of camp, quarters, and tents, the want of change in position of tents, the found condition of sinks, the want of good police, the want of vegetables until the 1st of August, and is influenced somewhat by the inevitable nostalgia existing among the prisoners. I would respectfully recommend for the improvement of this camp the following changes as necessary: First, the enlargement of the camp, which can easily be done, as you can see by inclosed plat of camp; second, the building, in this added area, of a suitable hospital on the plan of the one now being built at Point Lookout, Md., consisting of eight wards 120 feet by 25, with suitable laundry, kitchen, &amp;c. ; third, converting the present hospital buildings into quarters; fourth, adding to the shed (old cattle shed) now in use one-half, thus converting it into quarters; fifth, a free supply of vegetables for next two months; sixth, good police.

The improvements above mentioned will cost less than new tents. I have explained fully to the commanding officer my views. An order to carry out the above recommendations will be understood by him.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. ALEXANDER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

[Inclosure.]

Report of a medical inspection of the camp and field hospital of the Camp Morton Prison, commanded by Colonel A. A. Stevens, made on the 5th and 6th of August, 1864, by Surg. C. T. Alexander, acting medical inspector, U. S. Army.

1. Camp, name and geographical position - Camp Morton, near Indianapolis, Ind. 2. Topography of the surrounding country - prairie. 3. Topography of locality, soil, drainage - level plain; soil, alluvial gravel; drainage good. 4. Water, supply, quality, effects - well, sufficient, good, being limestone causes diarrhea with newcomers. 5. Fuel, whence obtained, kind, supply - wood, good, abundant. 6. Local causes of disease, removal, mitigation - overcrowded barracks and camps, want of vegetables, malarial influence. 7. Camp, how arranged, how long occupied - in square, since 1861. 8. Camp. previous use of ground - State fair grounds. 9. Tents, kind, quality, condition - common, 198, old and worn; Sibley 3, wall 7, bell 16, serviceable. 10. Tents, warming, ventilation, change of position - stationary, never used in winter, ventilation good. 11. Tents, sufficiency, number of men to each - insufficient, 15 to Sibley, 7 to wall, 16 to bell, 5 to common. 12. Barracks, construction, size, number of men to each - wooden, seven, see letter. 13. Barracks, heating, cleansing, ventilation - stoves, cleansing and ventilation only fair. 14. Sinks and cesspools, construction, position management - one sick, two cesspools. 15. Removal of offal and rubbish, police of camp - not good. 16. Rations, quality, quantity, variety - since 1st of August, good. 17. Vegetables and pickles, kind, amount, how obtained - onions, from prison fund since August 1, 1864. 18. Rations, how cooked, how inspected, messing - Farmer's boilers,

