
stockade. The site is the most eligible in the vicinity with the present appliances. There is a great deficiency in the number of tents in which the sick are treated; they are also too small for hospital purposes. A constant increase in the number of prisoners and hence of the sick has called for a continual expansion of hospital accommodations. The hospital camp was first designed to accommodate 1,000 sick and was fitted up as best could be with the means at hand. Since that time the number of sick in hospital has increased to 2,208 and 317 attendants, total, 2,525; the result of which has been to place the hospital in a constant state of [dis] organization, and the efforts to make some provision for all have resulted in leaving all portions of the hospital in an unfinished state. All the tents of the original camp have been fitted up with bunks. At present the quartermaster cannot furnish plank to complete the others. It has been impossible to obtain straw for bedding, there being none in the country until the present crop. The chief surgeon has made every effort to have it supplied. Until the number of sick became so large pine straw was used for the purpose, but it being necessary to renew the supply once in two weeks (in consequence of vermin), it is impossible to obtain a sufficient quantity. It would require five wagons, constantly employed, to furnish an adequate supply. The chief surgeon has instructed the agent for the purchase of supplies after subsistence or comfort of sick to purchase wheat straw and ship by railroad, the quartermaster having failed to supply us.

Diet. - The ration consists of one-third pound bacon, one pound and a quarter meal. The meal is unbolted and when baked the bread is coarse and irritating, producing diseases of the organs of digestive system (diarrhea and dysentery). The absence of vegetable diet has produced scurvy to an alarming extent, especially among the old prisoners.

Water. - Drinking water is obtained from springs settled on the banks of the stream, wells, and to some extent from the stream. The water obtained from the stream is unfit for use, containing many impurities from the bakery and cook-house. Some of the camps of the garrison are also situated on this stream, the surface drainage of which empties into this stream before passing through the stockade. The supply from the springs near the stream is a little brackish, but better than the stream. A large number of wells have been dug in the prison, affording water of excellent quality.

Clothing. - Those who have been prisoners for a long time are badly supplied with clothing, and but a few of them have a change, in consequence of which they are for the most part very filthy.

General habits of the men as to cleanliness. - With but few exceptions they are very filthy as regards their person and clothing and do not seem to appreciate the great necessity of bathing.

Police system of the camp. - This is sadly defective; among the very shelters under their very noses, when asleep, faeces are deposited. The bottom land through which the stream passes is filthy beyond description. The character of the land is low and swampy, a large surface, covered with vegetable mold, is exposed to the rays of the sun, a condition favorable to the development of malarial diseases. This appears to be the place where all who [have] energy and cleanliness enough to go beyond the camping-ground defecate, until it has became a morass of human excrement. The place of exit, of the stream through the stockade is not sufficiently, bold to permit a free afflux, the fall of the stream beyond the stockade is not great enough. When the stream is swollen by rains the low portion of this bottom land within the stockade

