
and for some distance outside is overflowed with a solution of human excrement, which subsiding and exposed to the sun produces an intolerable stench, which if not corrected before the fall months will in all probability produce some epidemic form of disease, increasing the already frightful mortality.

Crowded condition of the prisoners. - The prison is filled far beyond its healthy capacity; the number of prisoners should be reduced sufficiently to admit of their camps being regularly laid out with streets of sufficient width to admit free circulation of air and the enforcement of stringent police regulations. An area of sufficient size should be left for exercise.

Mental depression. - Long confinement and "hope deferred" has produced with many of the prisoners a state of mental depression, dreaded by the physician even in civil practice, which combined with the existing state of physical debility renders them unable to resist disease.

The evils within the power of proper authorities to correct are:

The crowded condition of the prisoners. - The number within the stockade should not exceed 15,000. This would allow ample room for the remainder to be camped in order, with streets of sufficient width to allow free circulation of air, and enforcement of police regulations. All that portion of the camp on the north side of the stream could then be used for exercise, where roll-calls could also be held, thereby materially aiding the commandant of the interior.

Construction of barracks and hospital accommodations. - There should be no delay in the construction of barracks. With the greatest amount of energy it will be difficult to complete them before the cold weather comes on, when they will be required more than at present. Too great stress cannot be placed on the necessity for the construction and proper accommodations for the sick. There are at present 2,208 in hospital, all poorly provided for, and some 300 without any shelter whatever. There are also at least 1,000 men now in stockade who are helpless and should be at once removed to hospital; this is prevented by the absence of accommodations. The construction of hospitals should be at once begun, and in the mean time the sick should be at once transferred to some points where they can be properly provided for.

An officer should be employed to arrange the stream passing through the stockade. - The bottom land should be covered over with sand; the stream be made deeper and wider; the walls and bottom covered with plank; the same arrangements to continue outside, conducting the drainage freely to the creek beyond, and if necessary build a line to prevent the overflow of the banks. The stream from the stockade to the railroad should also be improved, and prohibit the use by troops or by others outside. Sinks should be at once arranged over the stream of such a nature as to render them inviting. At present those who have an inclination to use them have to wade through mud and faeces to use them. At the upper part of the stream proper bathing arrangements should be constructed.

Enforcement of stringent police regulations. - Some stringent rules of police should be establishment, and scavenger wagons should be sent in every day to remove the collection of filth, a large quantity of moldy bread and other decomposing matter scattered through the camp and beyond and dead-line, which should be removed at once. If necessary sentinels should be instructed to fire on any one committing a nuisance in any other place then the sinks.

Establishment of regulations in regard to cleanliness. - It should be the duty of Confederate sergeants attending roll-calls, or others, to see that

