
includes all Vicksburg prisoners assembled at Enterprise, Miss., prior to November 14, 1863.

The number is not stated and probably was not known; but whatever it may be must be added to the indebtedness of the rebels to us.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

BALTIMORE, April 15, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

There are 150 rebel soldiers here who have taken the oath under the President's proclamation of December 8. They were sent here by Major-General Butler from Point Lookout. Shall they be treated as refugees, as provided for in General Orders, Numbers 64, War Department current series?

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, April 15, 1864.

Major General LEW. WALLACE, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding, &amp;c., Baltimore, Md.:

Two dispatches received. The Secretary of War authorizes you to come to Washington for twenty-four hours. The rebel soldiers from General Butler who have taken the oath will be sent North, according to terms of General Orders, Numbers 64.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, April 15, 1864.

Captain R. B. WINDER, Assistant Quartermaster, Americus, Ga.:

SIR: I hope you make some progress in establishing a shoe shop at Americus, Ga. Major Dillard has reported that he will supply you with leather; Major Cunningham, at Atlanta, that he will send to you an experienced man to aid in the organization of the shop, and Major Hillyer, at Selma, that he has forwarded a lot of shoemakers' tools, &c. The steamer Denbigh has fortunately just arrived at Mobile with a large lot of shoemakers' tools and findings, and Major Barnewall, the depot officer at that point, has been instructed to send you all you may require.

These arrangements, it is hoped, will make quite a productive establishment at Americus. It is of the greatest importance that the production of army shoes should be increased, so you must spare no effort to attain success. Do not be discouraged by rumors of exchange. Nothing is ever certain on that point, and it may be that inducements can be held out that will content the competent shoemakers to remain. Should ever a general exchange be resumed you can compensate them fairly for their services and in such a form as may prove most acceptable, and I have been assured that the unclaimed packages forwarded from the other side will in time be devoted to such as may elect to remain for a while and continue their labor. Report progress.

By order of Quartermaster-General:

W. B. B. CROSS,

Major and Quartermaster.

