
way, and only tend to the oppression of the individuals in question. I would suggest that an arrangement be made whereby all non-combatants now held by either party be immediately released, and that in future no more arrests of this character be made, except for crime committed against the authority of the Government of the respective powers within their regular military lines. If this proposition meets with approval I request that two commissioners be appointed and a time and place set where they may meet a similar commission to be appointed by me, and that they be empowered to arrange some equitable plan whereby the desired object can be accomplished. An early answer to this communication is requested.

Very respectfully,

J. H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VIRGINIA AND E. TENNESSEE,Abingdon, Va., August 7, 1864.

Brigadier General S. P. CARTER,

Provost-Marshal-General of East Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Some time since I had occasion to communicate with the commanding officer of the Federal forces at Knoxville in regard to Captain J. T. Reynolds, of the Sixty-fourth North Carolina Regiment, who was reported to me as under sentence of death at Knoxville for the discharge of his duty as enrolling officer of Greene County, Tenn., and in which communication I requested to be notified whether the facts were as stated, and at the same time remarked that if he was executed as indicated I would inflict retaliation in kind upon the first Federal officer of equal rank who fell in my power. The commandant of your department had not seen proper to reply to said communication, and I would therefore inform him through you that I now hold in custody Captain Benjamin Rogers, of Tennessee Union Guard, who was caught recruiting within our lines, and would state that he is held as a hostage for the safety and good treatment of Captain Reynolds. I would again request that I may be informed as to what disposition has been made of Captain Reynolds that I may act understandingly with Captain Rogers.

Very respectfully,

J. H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, JOHNSON'S ISLAND AND SANDUSKY,Johnson's Island, Ohio, August 7, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C. .

COLONEL: On the receipt of your instructions of the 28th ultimo I took immediate measures to carry them into effect. After considerable inquiry it was ascertained that a delay, probably of two weeks, would result if the attempt was made to obtain lumber at Saginaw, and that in the end probably nothing would be saved. I issued orders to the quartermaster in exact accordance with your instructions. The bill for lumber could not be filled in Sandusky, so far as the posts or

36 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII

