
studding was concerned for the buildings, there being scarcely any three by four scantling on the market, but two b six stuff could be obtained in Sandusky. It would be the same in quantity and cost and answer equally as good a purpose. In view of the emergency it was deemed best to purchase in Sandusky and to use the two by six stuff for posts. The work for the mess-rooms, kitchens and wash-rooms, therefore, was immediately undertaken. It was found impracticable to place the mess-rooms as near the barracks (60 to 100 feet) as you directed, there being so many sinks in the way the best that could be done being to locate the mess-rooms 105 feet from the barracks. The transverse inclination of the ground selected for the mess-rooms averaged only about a foot in thirty. It was therefore deemed proper to construct gravel floors, and that work is already three-quarters done for one of the 30 by 235 feet buildings, and it is estimated that the work for that building and the other of the same size, in the way of constructing gravel floors, can be completed in five days from this time. There is a deficiency of teams and wagons as compared with the amount of work to be done. The quartermaster is now receiving, in addition to his lumber, large quantities of wood and hay. One consequence is that the utmost effort with the teams cannot keep the dock sufficiently clear for landing supplies, and the other consequence is that but few teams can be had for carrying on the graveling, but I find that that work can be done after the posts are up and while the roof is going on if necessary. The gravel floors will be five inches in thickness, and I doubt not, will answer every necessary purpose. all of the lumber for the work has been purchased in Sandusky, and a considerable proportion of it is already within the prison yards. The work has been commenced by the carpenters, and will be pushed along rapidly. I carefully presented the opportunity for carpenters and laborers among the prisoners to engage in the work going on for their benefit and accommodation, at the rates of compensation named in you circular, by a notice placed on the bulletin board in the prison, inviting such as were willing to assist to give their names to the lieutenants calling the rolls in the morning, but thus far not a name has been reported. Probably it is a pure matter of dignity. They can beg clothing and food from the Government, but can't labor even for their own convenience.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR, OFFICE SUPT. OF PRISON,

Near Sandusky, Ohio, August 7, 1864.

Captain JUNIUS R. SANFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the condition of the military prison and prisoners after a careful inspection this Sunday morning. I have been on duty at prison but two days, having received my order on Friday morning, August 5. I found the prison barracks and grounds generally in a very bad condition, but have used my utmost endeavors to make a change for the better. The kitchens have been well cleansed, and are in good condition this morning. The dining-rooms and sleeping apartments are, as a general thing, clean and well cared for. The grounds around barracks and in prison yard I have had policed as much as possible in the short time I have been in charge, and they present a very satisfactory appearance this

