
morning. Yet, the want of lime for the numerous drains and ditches is very severely felt, and I understand it is impossible to procure it at present in sufficient quantities for the use of the post. The sinks are in quite good condition at present and at a proper distance from the barracks since the fence has been removed. The work of erecting the new buildings for general dining-halls and kitchens is progressing with all possible dispatch. The sanitary condition of the prison good and is very satisfactory, as will be seen by the following report: Whole number of prisoners present, 2,516; whole number last report, 2,442; gain since last report, 74; number of prisoners in hospital to-day, 52; number of prisoners in hospital last report, 50; gain in hospital since last report, 2; deaths since last report, 1.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. A. FOWLER,

Major 171 st Ohio National Guard, Superintendent of Prison.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Johnson's Island, Ohio, August 7, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel W. Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

Major Scovill obtained a twenty-days' leave of absence from commandant Northern Department on the morning of the 5th instant, and Major Fowler, who had been on that duty in May, was detailed to fill Major Scovill's place during his absence. Friday night Captain Wells, the assistant, was called to Sandusky on account of the very dangerous illness of his wife, and has not returned. Thus Major Fowler comes into the charge of the prison. His report is approved. I think he is doing everything in his power. The new mess-rooms, kitchens, and wash-room will soon remove much of the difficulty, but with the difficulties about sinks and water incident to the present system a satisfactory condition of the prison will neither be maintained nor reached. I am prepared now to submit a plan to obviate these difficulties and remove many others, and will present my plan fully in another paper.

CHAS W. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., August 7, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, U. S. Army,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: Inclosed I have the honor to transmit report of inspection of Louisville military prison. This prison is used more especially as a transfer prison. It is situated near the depot of Nashville railroad. Sometimes it is crowded; at others, as now, almost empty. Its accommodations are sufficient for its purposes. Fund (prison) on hand end July, $917. 24. Several thousand dollars were expended last month in building a hospital, which is now completed. upon being supplied with water and gas it can be used. I would recommend that the order be given for supplying the hospital with water and gas, as the building is now used by refugees, and will soon become in a very dirty condition. The hospital is in fair condition; the officer in charge, young and probably inexperienced. The management of hospital fund was bad, and entirely contrary to regulations. I understand the present officer in charge has been relieved. I instructed him to call the attention of his

