
I certify that the above is a correct copy form my prison journal.

S. BOYER DAVIS,

Lieutenant, Commanding Prison.

Captain W. S. WINDER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Approved:

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL OF PRISONERS,

ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,

Rock Island, Ill., August 8, 1864.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON,

Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the police condition of the prison and hospital for the past week as follows: The prison and hospital barracks, with their kitchens and grounds surrounding, are cleanly and in good condition. The general condition and appearance of the prisoners is excellent. As previously reported, in both prison and hospital departments the bedding is clean and well aired. The condition of both prison and hospital departments throughout is still improving.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CARAHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps,

Provost-Marshal of Prisoners.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,Rock Island, Ill., August 9, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel William Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, with the remark that I inspected the prison and hospital yesterday and found everything in good order.

A. J. JOHNSON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, Va., August 8, 1864.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Commissioner for Exchange:

SIR: I have the honor to &lt; the inclosed copies of certain papers relating to the treatment of officers captured on the expedition of General Kilpatrick. *

From the circumstances here narrated I am led to say that I will make special exchange of all those officers, giving you such officers as you may desire of equal rank. I also have the honor further to inform you that unless I receive from the officers statements that they are now well and properly treated as prisoners of war I shall be under the necessity of putting in confinement an equal number of officers by us in like condition and treatment as described in inclosed paper. As you are aware I have never desired nor favored retaliation except upon belief that nothing else would answer to preserve the lives and health

---------------

* Not found as inclosures and not otherwise identified.

---------------

