
of our soldiers, and much as I regret the painful necessity I certainly shall be obliged to carry out my intentions.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General and Commissioner for Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., August 8, 1864.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

COLONEL: The Secretary of War directs that 600 rebel officers, prisoners of war, be sent to Major-General Foster, Department of the South, for confinement there. They will be of different grades, as may be most convenient.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, August 8, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER, Department of the South:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War has directed that 600 rebel officers, prisoners of war, be sent to you, to be confined, exposed to fire, and treated in the same manner as our officers, prisoners of war, are treated in Charleston. No exchanges will be made without special instructions of the War Department. Any offer for exchange will be communicated here for the action of the Secretary of War.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 8, 1864.

Major-General BURBRIDGE, Lexington, Ky.:

Last December Mrs. Emily T. Helm, half sister of Mrs. L., and widow of the rebel General Ben. Hardin Helm, stopped here on her way from Georgia to Kentucky, and I gave her a paper, as I remember, to protect her against the mere fact of her being General Helm's widow. I hear a rumor to-day that you recently sought to arrest her, but was prevented by her presenting the paper from me. I do not intend to protect her against the consequences of disloyal words or acts, spoken or done by her since her return to Kentucky, and if the papers given her by me can be construed to give her protection for such words or acts, it is hereby revoked pro tanto. Deal with her for current conduct just as you would with any other.

A. LINCOLN.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 8, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Fort Delaware, Del.:

GENERAL: By authority of the Secretary of War you will please transfer the rebel officers named on the accompanying roll, now prisoners of war at Fort Delaware, to Hilton Head, S. C., to be delivered to Major-General Foster, commanding Department of the South. Should any of the officers named be too unwell to go, you will send

