
others in their places. The quartermaster in this city will furnish a steamship for this service, and you will detail a guard of 200 good men, with a full complement of officers, under the command of a field officer, to take charge of the prisoners. Give the officer in charge special instructions as to the conduct of his guard on the ship, and require him to keep embodied at the most commanding part of the vessel, with his sentinels so arranged as to give immediate notice of any disorder among the prisoners. Call his attention to the Army Regulations applicable to troops on transports, and have them closely observed. As far as practicable arm the guard with revolvers.

Have such arrangements made on the ship for cooking for the guard and prisoners. as may be necessary. The prisoners will require no cooking except the boiling of their salt meat, and this should be done for them either by the ship's cooks or by men detailed from the guard. Furnish the commander with two rolls of the prisoners, one to be delivered with them, and ne to be receipted by the officer who receives the prisoners, to be forwarded to this office with his report. The guard will return on the ship to Fort Delaware. Notify me by telegram when they sail.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[AUGUST 9, 1864. - For Jones to Foster, in relation to exchanges, see Series I, Vol. XXXV, Part II, p. 228.]

CINCINNATI, OHIO, August 9, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, U. S. Army,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have inspected the military prison in this city, and find it a building suitable for the purpose, containing in all fifty-six prisoners, forty prisoners of war, sixteen citizens. The police of the building is good; the prison fund small, $23, the monthly savings about paying incidental expenses. I called the attention of the officer in charge to circular from your office, dated April 20, 1864, for his guidance, and the necessity of rendering a statement of the prison fund. None of the inmates are sick. The sick are visited by medical officer of one of the hospitals (military) of the city, and if very sick removed to hospital for treatment. Capacity of building, seventy-five. I would respectfully suggest the removal of such as are not undergoing trial, or to be tried, to Camp Chase, Ohio.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. ALEXANDER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPOT FOR PRISONERS OF WAR,Elmira, N. Y., August 9, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on the night of July 31, 1864, one of the sentinels on post at Barracks, Numbers 3, over prisoners of war, shot one of them, wounding him slightly with a buckshot. I ordered a board of officers to examine into the case and make a report,

