
NEW YORK, August 9, 1864.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: The fifty U. S. officers who have recently been prisoners of war and have lately been exchanged have experienced such treatment, generally, while in the hands of the Confederates that it has naturally and constantly been suggested that similar treatment to that usually meted out to U. S. officers and soldiers under circumstances should be measured out to Confederate officers and soldiers in our hands. as a measure of economy, if not of even justice, this is respectfully urged.

And it is respectfully suggested that a commission from among these officers who have, in person, suffered should be appointed, with directions to visit our own prisons, to compare carefully the treatment adopted, and to draw up a code of instructions for the government of our commanders of prisons and others interested, particularly with respect to transportation, shelter, clothing, and subsistence.

While prisoners in our hands are well fed, clothed, and sheltered, and are treated humanely, our own officers and soldiers are habitually robbed and starved until rendered unfit for further service.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, August 12, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 16, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

It is respectfully suggested that General Wessells and an officer from each grade of those recently exchanged at Charleston be called upon to make a joint report on the treatment received by Federal officers and soldiers while in the hands of the enemy, to be laid before the Secretary of War.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Third indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, August 18, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the commissioner for the exchange of prisoners for remark.

By order of the Secretary of War:

LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Fourth indorsement.]

AUGUST 20, 1864.

I concur in the opinion of Colonel Hoffman. A full and authentic report of facts (as to treatment) is very desirable, upon which the honorable Secretary may make his own judgment as to what should be done.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

