
an equal number of unfortunate men worn out with privation and neglect, barely able to walk, often drawing the last breath, and utterly unfit to take the field as soldiers.

But this anxiety on the part of the rebels is one of the strongest possible proofs of the failing strength of their cause. Between Lee's and Hood's armies the country is a waste, redeemed only by the labor of the females, the very young and very old male and the slave. Their last men have gone to the filed of battle, and rather than re-enforce their armies as an exchange would do, it was urged that it would be much wiser, although hard upon our poor fellows, to let them stay yet longer where they now are. The South can be compelled to treat them well. Give Confederate prisoners the same measure of humanity that they mete out to us and there will soon be no dread or apprehension respecting the prisoner's life. And the fact that a set of rules openly and plainly declared to the world, over the signatures of officers who have themselves tasted of Southern prison far, as the basis of future treatment, would in my judgment be a quick method of bringing Southern authorities to a just view of their obligations in this matter.

I have written fully, colonel, for the benefit only of the thousands who still starve and die in Southern bondage. Had you like us been locked in felon cells and been treated like us as outlaws and felons, or worse, there would be no need to pray you to show them the same treatment in pure mercy toward those still in their hands.

Should some such course be adopted as I have suggested I have no desire myself to take any part in its formation. I trust I shall be ordered to the field. But I can give information that might be of utility, preliminary to the adoption of such a course.

Permit me to apologize for this letter and its length, and believe me, colonel,

Yours, very truly,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 22, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War to be considered with letter from Brigadier-General Wessells on the same subject, submitted on the 16th instant.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, August 23, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the commissioner for exchange of prisoners for remark. The letter of General Wessells is inclosed.

By order of the Secretary of War:

LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

AUGUST 26, 1864.

The undersigned can only repeat his indorsement of the 20th instant.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

