
II. It is further ordered that sutlers at military prisons shall be permitted to sell to prisoners only the following articles, viz, writing materials, postage stamps, tobacco, cigars, pipes, matches, combs, soap, tooth brushes, hair brushes, clothes brushes, scissors, thread, and needles, handkerchiefs, towels, and pocket looking-glasses.

III. This order will not be understood as prohibiting prisoners of war from receiving clothing or other articles not contraband from their relatives or friends residing beyond our lines, when forwarded by flag-of-truce boat, or any other authorized channel, so long as the prisoners or war held at Richmond and other Southern prisons are permitted to receive the same articles in the same manner from their relatives and friends in the loyal States.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, August 10, 1864.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

SIR: I have the honor to submit for your consideration some facts and suggestions having relation to those of our military and naval forces who are prisoners of war in the hands of the enemy.

The operations against Richmond induced the enemy to send his prisoners farther south for security. The advance of General Sherman's column has again made necessary further changes in the enemy's depots, which will probably be established in the neighborhood of Savannah and Charleston.

On the 3rd day of August 600 of our commissioned officers arrived in Charleston from Macon. It was said, however, that the real destination intended for them was Savannah, whiter a large additional number may be sent.

The condition of our officers and soldiers in the hands of the enemy is represented to reach the extreme limit of destitution and suffering; this is more especially true of the enlisted men. It is reported to me from reliable sources that they are without shelter, not even for the sick; that neither blankets nor clothing are issued to them, and that for the large number of sick the surgeons in charge are without the most necessary medicines and hospital supplies. The result is a fearful and increasing mortality.

I have reason to believe that Major-General Foster, commanding Department of the South, if authorized to do so, could make an arrangement to relieve the most necessary wants of our men by sending supplies to them in charge of suitable agents, who would be allowed as such to superintended the issue of supplies to our men, and probably a detail of assistant surgeons would be allowed to remain with the sick in charge. Pending the suspension of regular exchanges no effort should be spared to mitigate the sufferings of these gallant men, thrown by the fortunes of war into other hands of a cruel enemy. We must either remain inactive witnesses of their sufferings or retaliate upon the prisoners in our hands, or renew our efforts t afford succor to our men.

Apart from the objections which exist to the policy of retaliation, it is at least doubtful whether it would inure to the benefit of our men, for the reason that the enemy are reported to be without the means to supply clothing, medicines, and other needful supplies even to their own troops.

I earnestly recommend that Major-General Foster be authorized to make such an arrangement as I have suggested if he finds it practicable

