
to do so, and I am not without hope that if his instructions authorize it he would be able to negotiate exchanges on a basis satisfactory to the Government.

The proximity of the rebel depots for prisoners to Major-General Foster's department, and the diminishing facilities for their transportation from the Gulf States to City Point, might render it expedient, temporarily at least, to modify the existing cartel, so as to designate Savannah or Charleston as the place for exchanges, and to authorize Major-General Foster to negotiate them.

It would afford me the utmost gratification to be able to render any service in my power in giving effect to the suggestion embodied in this communication.

Very respectfully,

D. E. SICKLES,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[First indorsement.]

AUGUST 12, 1864.

I submit the within from General Sickles on an old and very painful subject.

A. LINCOLN.

[Second indorsement.]

Referred to Major-General Hitchcock, commissioner of exchange, for report as to the means that can be adopted for the purpose within stated.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Third indorsement.]

AUGUST 13, 1864.

General Foster was authorized to effect an exchange of those officers first sent to the city of Charleston by the rebels, and his authority might be extended to those (some 600) said to have been sent there. He might have a general authority on the subject and exchange as many as possible.

Our suffering prisoners in Richmond a few months since scarcely received any benefit from the supplies sent to them from the North.

There was evidence that the rebel guards used the supplied before the faces of our imprisoned soldiers, and what they did not use, or much of it, was allowed to spoil in the boxes under th every eyes of our people, who were not allowed to touch them.

Medical officers might be sent to attend upon the sick if the rebel authorities would permit it, which is not likely. The experiment might be tried.

The only sure remedy for the abominations practiced in the South by the enemy is to defeat his armies.

Respectfully submitted.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, Va., August 10, 1864.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Commissioner for Exchange:

SIR: Dr. James P. Hambleton has been for many months a prisoner of war in Fort Monroe. He is in some way connected with the Southern press. A. D. Richardson has been in Libby Prison as a prisoner

