
been placed. They are nearly all husbands, and all but one have families; they all occupy leading and important positions in our community; they are all devoted, consistent, prominent, and influential Unionists - the most loyal of our loyal people. In point of intelligence and public virtue and true patriotism there are none among us who can be named as their superiors.

From the commencement of our troubles they took a decided stand in behalf of our Union and nationality, and that they have undeviatingly maintained, wielding an influence that has been marked and felt in support of the war among our people. Mr. Nesbitt has now two sons in the Army of the Potomac. He had another in the army, who had died.

The community cannot lose these men. They deserve a better fate than the horrors of a rebel prison. Their families, wives, and tender and interesting children cry aloud for their salvation from such a doom.

The whole loyal people of our county (I can speak for them, for I know them) unite with one voice and prayer that they may be saved from the horrible alternative before them.

It is necessary that the orders of General Hunter shall be persevered in at such a sacrifice? I sincerely hope not, and I do most earnestly ask and trust that the Executive may find it perfectly consistent with the safety of the Republic to relax the hold upon the men for whom these most valuable citizens of ours have been take as hostages.

I am personally acquainted with Your Excellency, nor is it necessary that I should be to give to my appeal in behalf of these my friends and fellow-citizens a just effect upon the Executive mind and heart. We are all struggling, each in his position, limited or exalted, in a great and common cause, and in the fearful strife let us not be deprived of those who can help by their counsels, their example, and their sacrifices; and further, let us not be discouraged, mortified, and weighted down by their sufferings and privations under the hands of an inhuman and cruel foe - enemies to their country, traitors to all that is dear and venerated in our institutions, and subverters of our precious liberties.

Our position here has been open, from the fatalities of war, to the inroads of this enemy. Some, more prudent than others, sought refuge abroad, but all could not do this without exposing friends, dependents, and property to violence or the flames. Our militia system is weak, and voluntary organization for border defense, if made, would prove entirely inefficient against such an invading force.

Trusting to the strong arm of the Nation Government, to which we most freely contribute in men, money, influence, and taxation, we felt ourselves secure until lately, and when the enemy was upon us. It is not, then, our fault that our citizens have been thus exposed. It is rather the consequence of unforeseen events, which may occur and sometimes do occur when success and victory seem to be within our grasp.

Let not these be aggravated by the seizure and imprisonment, by the enemy having the temporary advantage, of some of the best sons of the Republic. Spare them, my dear sir, spare them from such a fate, from such suffering, from such degradation. Let them be restored to the active duties of citizens, to the embraces of their families and friends, and to the free air of a State about to be made entirely free, and to that freedom their presence and aid will prove so essential. The official duties and relations of most of them are important, and let this consideration have its due weight also.

37 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII

