
Trusting that the application they have made has already proved successful, or, if not, that this may add something to their appeal, and that the result may be in conformity with th repetition I thus voluntarily present in their behalf, I remain, with great respect,

Your obedient servant and fellow-citizen,

S. WEISEL,

Judge of the Fourth Judicial Circuit of Maryland.

References: Senators Johnson and Hicks, of Maryland; Representatives Thomas and Webster, Maryland; Rev. Dr. Septimus Tustin, Washington.

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 16, 1864.

The gentlemen who gave their parole have a personal question which will no doubt bind them to compliance if permitted to do so. But it [is] submitted that the enemy has no right to impose such paroles. On pretense of such a parole the enemy might leave within our lines spies to obtain information and report it prospectively at any named time. This might be prevented by arresting these citizens.

Meantime I would recommend that the arrests made by General Hunter be inquired into and the parties ordered to be released unless there is public reason for holding them.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, JOHNSON'S ISLAND AND SANDUSKY,Johnson's Island, Ohio, August 10, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have been materially impeded in my work by an attempt to stampede among the prisoners on Monday last. The demonstration took a pretty wide range, involving many facts. I am giving all of my attention to it I can and keep up current duties, and except to report definitely in a day or two. I make this mention on account of a wonderfully false statement which appeared in the Sandusky Commercial Register of this morning. You will hear from me again to-morrow.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., August 10, 1864.

Major JOHN E. MULFORD, Assistant Agent of Exchange:

SIR: You have several times proposed to me to exchange the prisoners respectively held by the two belligerents, officer of officer and man for man. The same offer has also been made by other officials having charge of matters connected with the exchange of prisoners. This proposal has heretofore been declined by the Confederate authorities, they insisting upon the terms of the cartel, which required the delivery of the excess on either side upon parole. In view, however, of the very large number of prisoners now held by each party, and the suffering consequent upon their continued confinement, I now consent to the above proposal, and agree to deliver to you the prisoners held in captivity by

