
the Confederate authorities, provided you agree to deliver an equal number of Confederate officers and men. As equal numbers are delivered from time to time they will be declared exchanged.

This proposal is made with the understanding that the officers and men who have been longest in captivity will be the first delivered, where it is practicable. I shall be happy to hear from you as speedily as possible whether this arrangement can be carried out.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

WAYNESBOROUGH, BURKE COUNTY, GA., August 10, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

I have the honor to report to you the following facts: I am informed by Captain Winder, or Richmond, Va., that he is authorized by you to locate a military prison in this section of the State, and has selected a location on the plantation on the plantation of a widow lady of this county. There are many objections, in my judgment, why it would be an objectionable location. First. The health of the prisoners and guard should be considered. The water to be inclosed in the stockade is the most unhealthy, rotten limestone, and no one in our country even thought of drinking it, and there is no other water in five miles of the place. The water is from a spring (rotten limestone). Second. The interest of the Government should be considered. This lady's plantation has about 150 negroes on it, and her crops are of vast importance to the Government and community. Her tithe alone last year was 1,300 bushels of corn, 2,500 pounds of bacon, &amp;c. This plantation is within half a mile of the place anticipated for the prison. There are also several other plantations within a few miles of the place; at least 600 or 800 negroes in five miles of it. In my opinion it would be better the Government to place the prison more remote from the large plantations and where the troops could get good water, when there are so many such places on all our lines of railroads. I have no doubt but Captain Winder has had false representation made to him by certain parties in the immediate vicinity of the spot he has selected, and entirely for pecuniary purposes - men who are not in the service of the country and never have been, and who care nothing for the interest of the Government or any one else, so they are putting money in their coffers. These facts can be substantiated by every prominent man in the county, and if Your Honor will hear from us on the subject I will send a petition of the inferior court of the county for a change of location for potent causes.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. JOHNSON, M. D.

Major Thomas P. Turner, commanding, &c., makes a report relative to certain officers and seamen came to Salisbury in December last. *

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 10, 1864.]

Returned to General Gardner.

The officers and seamen mentioned within are treated as prisoners of war by the Federal authorities. They were at one time in irons,

---------------

* Turner's report not found; but see Ould to Meredith, Vol. VI, this series, p. 705.

---------------

