
WILLIAMSTOWN, MASS., August 11, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: Before leaving Charleston, S. C., we were informed that Captain W. Kemp Tabb, C. S. Army, had been captured and that he is now a prisoner in our hands, supposed to have been taken south of Richmond, Va., in a train of cars, perhaps in North Carolina. The prisoners of war very generally desire that steps be taken to visit upon Captain Tabb some of those indignities that he heaped upon them while in his hands. I am sure that a captain of our service was bucked and gagged by his order and in his presence at Macon, Ga., while I was confined there. If I can ascertain where he may be I will communicate with the commander of that prison, through you, more fully.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

NEW YORK, August 11, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: The subject-matter of this letter is well worthy of your attention, and the writer therefore respectfully and earnestly requests for it a calm and deliberate perusal, in order that your decision upon it may be made with due consideration.

There are now prisoners, Federal and Confederate, to the number of not less than 100,000 suffering great and unnecessary hardships to an extent to cause great sickness and mortality, most of which might be averted by a very simple process or arrangement, which I beg leave to submit without, I hope, justly incurring the imputation of presumption, to your best judgment and sense of humanity. I would suggest that the Federal Government supply all the Confederate prisoners with all necessary supplies of clothing, &amp;c., taking from each prisoner a receipt for whatever supplies may thus be furnished, on which receipt his name, regiment, and company shall be stated; that some Confederate officer shall attend to the delivery and receipting and certify to their correctness; that these accounts thus made out, whenever presented to the Confederate Government, shall forthwith be paid by it in cotton at a specified price - this would be pay equivalent to gold. The Federal Government to be allowed to send supplies to the Federal prisoners, to be distributed by a Federal officer, who can take receipts from the soldiers, to be charged against their pay.

A simple arrangement on some such basis would do so much to relieve such sad distress as now prevails that it cannot fail to receive favorable attention from every one having a proper heart and power to act thus, unless some invincible obstacle unknown to the writer may exist to prevent it. Hoping that the subject may at least receive your attention, and that you will look upon it as one of the modes by which a gravitation of affinity may be brought about and as eminently due to the many suffering men who have gone into battle under your banners, I venture to present it.

I do not know that I can personally aid in the project, but if you suppose I can you may command to the uttermost my services toward its consummation without fee or expectation of reward on my part.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

W. H. WINDER.

