
reason makes them necessary. I inclose a copy of general instructions to the prison guards. * There are besides the special instructions each day varied according to circumstances.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 12, 1864.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS,

Commanding Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind.:

COLONEL: The Surgeon-General has referred to this office a report from Surg. C. J. Kipp, U. S. Volunteers, in charge of the hospital at Camp Morton, from which it appears that a variety of diseases are prevailing there of a more or less malignant character, owing to the crowded condition of the camp, which caused an unusually large fatality during the week ending July 24. Much of this is attributed to the want of antiscorbutics, none of which have been issued since last fall. As the regulations provide for obtaining these articles by purchase with the hospital and prison fund, there seems to be no sufficient reason why a supply has not been procured to prevent diseases which are induced by their absence. All proper means should be used to guard against unusual sickness by attention to diet or good state of police, and by not overcrowding the camp. If there is unoccupied ground in the camp, pitch additional tents to relieve the barracks and tents now occupied. Is it possible to enlarge the camp by removing the fence on either side; and what would it cost, including rent of ground? Call on the surgeon for a report as to the most practicable mode of remedying the evils which he reports, and forward it to this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS GEORGIA RESERVES,Macon, Ga., August 12, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Allow me to impress upon you the importance of preventing any more prison camps being established at this point. I need hardly call your attention to the various and important public interests at this place already too much exposed to raiding parties of the enemy. The force here is saml and scarcely able to protect the place, and will become wholly so if any considerable porion has to be reserved, as heretofore, to guard prisoners. In the establishment of new prisons I beg to suggest the propriety of locating them in different States. One reason alone is sufficient to decide the matter, and that is that you are thus enabled to use the reserve force for a guard; but as this force can only be employed in the State in which it is raised, if you multiply the prisons in one State you lose the use of the reserves of other States, and will be compelled to obtain from the army in the field a prison

---------------

* See April 1, p. 1.

---------------

