
guard. This consideration, in connection with security of the prison and the obtaining of supplies, should control the question of location.

I write these suggestions because I understand that General Winder proposes to send a portion of the prisoners from Andersonville to this place, and also proposes to put up another large prison at Millen, in this State.

I am, with sentiments of sincere regard, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

HOWELL COBB,

Major General.

ANDERSONVILLE, GA., August 12, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

After three days and nights of constant labor of the whole command we have things in comparative safety. By the first of the week we shall, I think, have everything secure. All the troops have been under arms for three days and nights. Shall make full report by mail. Please send authority to the officer at Millen to impress all that he wants. We are overcrowded and daily receiving more.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS POST, Richmond, August 12, 1864.

Brigadier General W. M. GARDNER, Commanding Military Prisons:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of an inspection of the military prison at Salisbury, N. C., completed on the 10th instant:

The buildings are well adapted for the purpose, excellently located, and surrounded by a double line of high palisades. Capacity of the establishment, 2,500 prisoners; number of inmates (prisoners) on the 10th instant, 777. They appeared to be well treated and were supplied with the usual army rations of good quality.

The policing of the prison buildings and grounds and the quarters of the troops doing guard duty was bad.

The medical department and hospital seemed to be tolerably well managed under the direction of Surg. R. O. Currey.

But the post commissary, Major A. Myers, and Captain J. M. Goodman, assistant quartermaster, post quartermaster, and acting for the prison in their respective capacities, were absent, and I could not make a satisfactory inspection of their departments. So far as I could learn their duties are properly performed, except that the commandant complained of a want of co-operation on the part of the latter and an unwillingness to supply or attempt to procure such tools and materials for the workshops as would make them valuable to the Government.

Among the Yankee deserters (who work cheerfully) and the convicts are a large number of skillful mechanics, blacksmiths, gunsmiths, carpenters, shoemakers, joiners, harness makers, and tailors. Under a good system, with a supply of tools and materials (which are wanting), the establishment could be made not only self-sustaining, but of considerable value to the Government. I recommend that a quartermaster be assigned to the prison and charged with the procurement of these things. At present the workshops are of little use.

Colonel John A. Gilmer, Twenty-seventh North Carolina Troops (Invalids Corps), commandant of the post, is also prison commandant, and has

