
the following staff: Captain John A. Fuqua, Thirteenth North Carolina Troops, assistant commander; Lieutenant F. D. Stockton, Provisional Army, C. S., adjutant; Major A. Myers, commissary; Captain Goodman, assistant quartermaster; Dr. R. O. Currey, Provisional Army, C. S., surgeon.

Colonel Gilmer, I learn, stays very little at the post, takes leave of absence at leisure, and was absent sick at the time of my inspection.

Captain Fuqua is usually in command, a gentleman and gallant soldier, but seems to be wanting in will, energy, and experience, and was not sufficiently familiar with the domestic and military service of the prison. The guard duty especially was very badly performed, the sentinels reading and lounging on post. I inspected the guard, and to my great surprise found only eight (I think) out of sixty-odd supplied with ammunition and some of them with unloaded guns. The garrison is composed of three companies of troops, one form Alabama, unattached to any regiment, and two raised in the vicinity for special service under the act of Congress approved August 21, 1862.

The discipline and instruction of all these troops is extremely bad, and their depredations upon the citizens cause much complaint. These companies have heretofore had no battalion organization, but each was under the independent command of its captain. I directed Captain Fuqua to battalionize them at once and place the senior officer in command.

The local companies are composed of active and able-bodied men, fit for field service, but who joined these organizations to avoid it. Captain Allen, commanding one of them, has, since his connection with the garrison commenced, set up a barroom in the town. I suggest that it would be eminently beneficial to send all of these companies to the field and replace them with other troops. If any legal point is raised about sending the local companies into active service they can be disbanded and conscribed, most, if not all of them, being young men and in no way exempt. The officers generally are not sufficiently attentive to their duties and stay too much out of garrison. I went to guard mounting at 8 o'clock in the morning, and found the adjutant away and sergeant-major doing his duty. I learn that this is not unusual. I found a want of system and neatness in the keeping of the prison records, but gave the necessary instructions to correct the evil.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

GARNETT ANDREWS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,OFFICE COMMISSIONER FOR EXCHANGE,

Fort Monroe, Va., August 13, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: Mr. Ould has informed me of his acceptance of the proposition to exchange rolls of all officers now held as prisoners of war, and that they have them now in preparation. Please have ours made out and forward them to me.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO E. MULFORD,

Major and Assistant Agent for Exchange.

