
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 14, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM P. RICHARDSON,

Commanding Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio:

COLONEL: By direction of the Secretary of War you will inclose Camp Chase with a substantial fence, as recommended by General Cowen in his recent inspection. As far as practicable the labor will be performed by the prisoners of war, taking, in preference, those who have applied to take the oath of allegiance. In any case they must be well guarded while so employed. They will be allowed the compensation provided for in Circular, Numbers 3 from this office. The expense of erecting the fence will be defrayed out of the prison fund; but I understand that the quartermaster has lumber on hand which can be made available for this purpose, and I have requested General Heintzelman to order it so disposed of. Report immediately your action in this matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

Weekly report of the condition of the military prisons of Saint Louis.

SAINT LOUIS, August 14, 1864.

Condition of Gratiot Street Prison. - Buildings, in very good very order as far as cleanliness is concerned; sinks and yards, very satisfactory; kitchens and mess-rooms, very clean; cleanliness of prisoners, very satisfactory; quarters and bedding, clean; hospital, judging from the cleanliness of the rooms, the bedding, and prisoners, it is a first-rate kept hospital.

Condition of Myrtle Street Prison. - Buildings, in good order, considering the inadequacy of the building; sinks and yards, could be better; kitchens and mess-rooms, clean; cleanliness of prisoners, satisfactory; quarters and bedding, clean.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON, Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: The above is the result of a thorough inspection of to-day, and I find that the prisoners are still kept as well as circumstances to permit. Captain Harvey, commandant of Gratiot Street Prison, having been relieved by expiration of his term of service, I have given all necessary instructions to his successor, Captain G. W. McClure, and I do hope he will make as reliable and good a commandant as Captain Harvey was. Since I have been ordered by the general commanding the department to report to the adjutant of the State, and assist him in raising and organizing the new regiments called for by the department commander, I have not had time to inspect the prisoners daily, but the commandants of these institutions are so well instructed that I really believe that a daily inspection is not necessary.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

GUST. HEINRICHS,

Major and Inspector.

