
DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,

OFFICE SUPERINTENDENT OF PRISON,

Near Sandusky, Ohio, August 14, 1864.

Captain J. R. SANFORD, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the condition of the military prison and prisoners at this depot for the week ending August 13, 1864: The kitchens are well cleaned and in good condition. The dining halls and sleeping apartments are all well policed, having been thoroughly scrubbed twice during the week, besides being well cared for otherwise. The grounds around barracks and through the yard generally have been well policed during the week and present a very good appearance, although the ditches and drains are not in as good condition as I would wish, owing to the want of sufficient quantities of lime to cleanse them. Sinks in good condition. The work of erecting the new buildings for general dining halls and kitchens is progressing with all possible dispatch, one of them being nearly finished and the other well on the way. The sanitary condition of the prison continues very satisfactory, as will be seen by the following: Whole number of prisoners present, 2,519; whole number of prisoners last report, 2,516; whole number joined since last report, 6; supposed to have escaped, particulars unknown, 3; actual gain since last report, 3; number of prisoners in hospital to-day, 52; number of prisoners in hospital last report, 52.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. A. FOWLER,

Major 171 st Regiment Ohio National Guard, Supt. of Prison.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Johnson's Island, Ohio, August 14, 1864.

Approved and respectfully forwarded to Colonel Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners. There has been some delay by dealers in Sandusky not having on had lumber as they represented to the quartermaster, otherwise the second mess-room might have been half done to-day. The gravel floor for the wash-house, as well as for kitchen and mess-rooms, is completed. I doubt if these floors will pack without mixing in lime or possibly clay.

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., August 14, 1864.

Copy of indorsement on roll of prisoners forwarded to Major General E. A. Hitchcock, commissioner for exchange:
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., August 4, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the commissioner for exchange of prisoners.

If these prisoners were held for ten days and were delivered at our lines, I am of the opinion that under the terms of the cartel the rebel authorities are entitled to credit for their delivery.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

