
fatally. During last week six prisoners from the working party in the garrison square attempted to escape. Three were shot, 1 killed, 2 caught, and 1 escaped. The name of the escaped prisoner will appear on the monthly report if he should not be caught. I presume he is yet in the city of Chicago.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. J. SWEET,

Colonel Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 20, 1864.

Respectfully submitted for the information of the Secretary of War. The sentinels performed their duty only, and the orders under which they acted are approved.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP DOUGLAS, Chicago, Ill., August 13, 1864.

Report of the proceedings of a board convened at Camp Douglas, Ill., by virtue of the following order:
SPECIAL ORDERS, POST OF CHICAGO, ILL., Numbers 307. August 11, 1864.

* * * * * * *

II. The commissary of prisoners at Camp Douglas, Ill., having reported to these headquarters that on August 10, 1864, Harvey Heisinger, Company E, Second Kentucky Cavalry, and John D. Murtaugh, Missouri battery, prisoners of war under his charge, were, while attempting to make their escape from Camp Douglas, shot by Privates Francis McKay and William Ludlam, of Company B, Fifteenth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, sentinels on posts 7 and 8, a board of investigation will convene at Camp Douglas for the purpose of inquiry into the circumstances of the above-named cases.

Detailed for the Board: Major L. C. Skinner, Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps; Major J. E. Cornelius, Fifteenth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps; Lieutenant E. L. Deane, Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps. The Board will proceed upon its duties without delay. Carefully inquire into all the circumstances of the case; make up its report in proper form and submit the same, together with the opinion of the board in writing, in regard to the whole matter to these headquarters.

By order of Benj. J. Sweet, colonel Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, commanding post:

J. M. BARR,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Board me tin pursuance to the foregoing order. Present, all the members of the Board, who then proceeded to examine the witnesses and obtained the following evidence:

Private William Ludlam, Company B, Fifteenth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, being duly sworn, deposes as follows:

I was sentinel on post Numbers 8, garrison square, on the 10th day of August, 1864. Saw a prisoner crawling on his hands and knees outside of the fence and under the parapet on which I was stationed. Did not halt him, but fired and hit him. I have been instructed while on guard to shoot any prisoner who attempted to escape.

Private Francis McKay, Company B, Fifteenth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, being duly sworn, deposes as follows:

I was on guard on the 10th of August, 1864, on post Numbers 7, garrison square. Heard a shot, ran up my beat and saw three prisoners running. Was ordered to shoot by the corporal of the guard. Fired and hit one. He was across the road. Saw a citizen catch one and one was caught by our own men. Have always been instructed to fire on any prisoner who attempted to escape.

