
Captain Samuel C. Gold, Company C, Fifteenth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, being duly sworn, deposes as follows:

Was officer of the day on the 10th day of August, 1864. Some prisoners escaped. Two of them were shot by the guard on posts Nos. 7 and 8. Have always instructed the guard to fire on prisoners who attempted to escape.

Captain Wells Sponable, Fifteenth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, being duly sworn, deposes as follows:

I am inspector of prisoners of war at this camp and have immediate charge of them. I always instruct them as soon as they arrive in camp that they will be shot if they attempt to escape. They all fully understand this order, being notified of it verbally and in writing.

The Board, after due deliberation of the facts of the case as set forth by the foregoing testimony, do give the following as their opinion:

First. That it appears that the prisoners were fully aware of the danger incurred in their rash attempt and that there was no other way of preventing their escape but by firing on them, and it therefore appears that the said shooting was necessary and justifiable.

Second. That Privates William Ludlam and Francis McKay, of Company B, Fifteenth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, sentinels on posts Nos. 7 and 8, are entitled to credit for their prompt and efficient action.

The Board having transacted the business for which they were convened, adjourned sine die.

L. C. SKINNER,

Major Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps.

J. E. CORNELIUS,

Major Fifteenth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps.

EDWARD L. DEANE,

Second Lieutenant, Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL OF EAST TENN.,

Knoxville, Tenn., August 15, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN H. MORGAN,

Commanding Confederate Forces, West Virginia, &amp;c.:

SIR: I am receipt of your communication of 7th instant per "flag of truce," in which you state you are authorized to negotiate for the release of all non-combatants, or citizen prisoners of East Tennessee who are held by either the United States or your authorities, and ask that commissioners be appointed to meet those of the Confederate authorities for the purpose of effecting this desirable object.

I am authorized to advise you that your proposition is accepted and that our commissioners will meet yours so soon as you will advise me of their appointment.

I hope for the sake of humanity that the day of meeting may not be long deferred.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

S. P. CARTER,

Brigadier General and Provost-Marshal-General of East Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 15, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 8th instant. As soon as the 600 prisoners arrive I shall

