
place them on Morris Island under fire of the rebel batteries unless our prisoners in Charleston are in the meantime removed from under our fire. I have written to General Sam. Jones upon the subject, a copy of which is inclosed.

I will at once, as you direct, transmit for the consideration of the Honorable Secretary of War any propositions for exchange that may be made by the rebel authorities.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 15, 1864.

Major General SAM. JONES,

Commanding Confederate Forces in S. Carolina, Georgia, and Florida:

GENERAL: I have received information from deserters and also from prisoners of war that were exchanged for your prisoners on the 3rd instant, that a large number of officers of the U. S. Army, reported at about 600, are exposed to our fire in Charleston.

I am surprised at this repeated violation of the usages of humane and civilized warfare, as I had hoped that the exchange of our prisoners formerly exposed would have ended the cruel treatment on your part. I have, therefore, again to protest against it and to inform you that unless the prisoners are removed from Charleston and from under our fire an equal number of your prisoners of war now in our hands will be exposed to your fire.

I request to be informed of your resolution in this matter at the earliest practicable moment, and if it be to retain our prisoners in Charleston, that you will inform me of the number and rank of such prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, VA., August 15, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commissioner for Exchange, &amp;c., in the Field, Va.:

GENERAL: The Confederate authorities will exchange prisoners on the basis heretofore proposed by our Government; that is, man for man. This proposition was proposed formally to me after I saw you. Shall I come to you before I arrange to go up river again for wounded? I intend to leave here Wednesday morning unless you direct otherwise. There are some important bearings on the question of exchange, which must be controlled for your personal interests.

I am, general, very respectfully and truly, your obedient servant,

JNO E. MULFORD,

Major and Assistant Agent for Exchange.

AUGUST 15, 1864.

Colonel J. S. SCOTT, Clinton, La.:

You are authorized to exchange with the Federal authorities at New Orleans or Baton Rouge 100 Federal prisoners for an equivalent number of Confederate prisoners of war.

S. H. MAURY.

