HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, August 16, 1864 - 9. 15 a. m.

Major MULFORD, Agent of Exchange, Fort Monroe:

Bring up with you General Walker to be exchanged for General Bartlett and what wounded Confederate officers there are at the hospitals at Fortress Monroe. Also send for Captain Woolford. I do not want any women this trip from Norfolk or Fortress Monroe. Come up as soon as you can with the New York.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 16, 1864.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS,

Commanding Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind.:

COLONEL: The report of Surgeon Alexander, a medical inspector of prisons, of his inspection of Camp Morton shows the camp to be in a much less satisfactory condition than I have been led to expect. You will immediately take measures to make the improvements suggested by Surgeon Alexander in those matters where it is not necessary to refer estimates to this office. As the land proposed to be taken into the camp to enlarge it is already in possession of the United States you may at once remove the fence, adding to it what may be necessary to complete the inclosure. As soon as it is completed occupy it by tents for prisoners to relieve the tents and barracks now in use. When your estimates are received I will decide as to the propriety of putting up a new hospital. Make weekly reports of what you are doing in this matter so that I may understand the condition of the camp. I think it probable that the ration of vinegar and soap as allowed by the circular of June 1 is more than is required or used by the prisoners, and I wish you personally to examine and see how much of these two articles has been due on the returns since the 1st of June; how much has been reported by the commissary as issued, and how much the prisoners actually received. I wish you to give this matter your immediate and personal attention and report only on the result, but the steps taken to arrive at it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, August 16, 1864.

Rear-Admiral J. A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding U. S. Flag-steamer Philadelphia:

SIR: I received last night your letter of the 12th instant. * The officers of the U. S. Navy, prisoners of war, now in this city, to whom you refer, will be permitted to receive any clothing you may send them to meet their present wants.

In view of the diligence with which the troops of your Government have sought for and stolen or wantonly destroyed all manner of clothing, even the apparel of women and children, that they could find in our country, it may seem somewhat singular that I should permit this

---------------

* Not found with War Department records.

---------------

