
indulgence. I desire it, therefore, to be distinctly understood that I do it only because I believe a like indulgence is allowed our officers now prisoners of war. I cannot permit them to receive form you the other articles you mention. They receive now the same rations in kind and quantity that our own officers receive. If the articles you mention are not issued to them regularly it is only because of the blockade of our coast maintained by your Government and the destruction of grain, agricultural implements, and means of transportation by its armies. I cannot permit any running of the blockade for the especial and exclusive benefit of those who maintain it. Your officers will be permitted, as heretofore, to receive money in reasonable sums, and to purchase what they want in our markets.

it seems that in order to procure the release of certain of your officers now prisoners of war you recently sent to the coast of Georgia and kidnapped twenty-five citizens. You now inform me that you hold them as prisoners and that if "I feel disposed to exchange any of those persons for any of the naval officers captured in September, 1863, at Fort Sumter, or elsewhere, at any time within the limits of this command and will inform me (you) therefor, I (you) will submit the question to the Navy Department. "

I know not on what principle you propose to exchange "citizens" whom you have caused to be kidnapped and forcibly carried away from their homes and imprisoned for officers captured in battle with arms in their hands. You might, perhaps, without going as far as the coast of Georgia, have captured men whom you could with propriety have offered I exchange for your officers; but you would have found them armed and would have been obliged to fight and overcome before capturing them. You need not trouble the Navy Department with the question, as I do not "feel disposed" to aid you to profit by your own wrong by exchanging officers captured in battle for private citizens captured so want only and at so little risk to the captors, but I will exchange the officers you refer to for an equal number of C. S. officers, prisoners of war, of like grade, rank for rank or their equivalents, my Government designating its officers to be exchanged. If you think proper to acceded to this proposition you have only to notify me when you are prepared to make the exchange. The clothing you may send in boxes easily handled in a small boat to the usual point of meeting off Battery Marshall; but as Major-General Foster has requested that communication between us be only by way of Port Royal Ferry, I have to request that in future any communication you may desire to send to me which does not require immediate action be sent to that point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL OF PRISONERS,

ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,

Rock Island, Ill., August 16, 1864.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON,

Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the police condition of prison and prison hospital for the week ending to-day, as follows: The grounds and external surroundings are in good condition. The interior of prison and hospital barracks are clean and comfortable. The kitchens are thoroughly scrubbed twice a week and are frequently inspected. The clothing and bedding of the prisoners are good, being washed and aired

