
post and am in almost daily communication with them. I have never heard the first complaint of pillaging or annoyance of any kind by the paroled prisoners. From my intimate and long acquaintance with the mechanical force in this county (and the same, I doubt not, is true as to the adjacent counties), I am well convinced the requisite labor, either white or back, could not have been obtained in any reasonable time or at any reasonable expense, whilst a delay in the erection of suitable buildings and works would have been of extreme inconvenience to the various departments of the post.

Again, could this necessary labor have been obtained from the mechanics of the country it would have been at an enormous expense to the Government, which

this paroles arrangement obviates, since the prisoners receive no wages save a slight addition to their rations. Their employment to attend their sick and bury their dead is certainly legitimate and proper, and if this repulsive duty were imposed upon our troops it would meet with universal complaint and could be enforced most rigid and oppressive discipline. To detail sufficient labor for these necessary works from the guard forces here, which are perceptibly too few in number, would impose upon the balance an increase of duties already exceedingly onerous. In conclusion, I cannot see how the services of the paroled prisoners could properly be dispensed with at this time. In my judgment the action of the

commandant of the post in paroling them was wise and timely, and no evil is likely to result even were the post attacked by a raiding party, for intelligence of the raid would be received sufficiently in advance of their arrival to enable the commandant of post to secure the paroled prisoner in the stockade.

Very respectfully, your obedient,

T. M. FURLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel of Battalion.

RICHLAND JAIL, Columbia, S. C., August 17, 1864.

Major General SAM. JONES, Charleston, S. C.:

Inclosed herewith is an application to General Foster, commanding at Hilton Head, for the exchange of certain officers confined here, and I respectfully ask that it may be forwarded to him at as early a day as convenient. The officers respectfully request that in consideration of the great length of their imprisonment that you will place their names on the next list for exchange. If an exchange would be earlier effected by being removed to Charleston,

we respectfully ask that it may be done. Within is a list of the officers, with date of capture, including three wounded officers, whom we would be glad to have exchanged with us. *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN BEDEL,

Colonel Third New Hampshire Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, August 21, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Foster for his information. I cannot at present conveniently comply with their request by bringing them to this city, but I will exchange them for a like number of C. S. officers, rank for rank, or their equivalents.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

* List omitted.

---------------

