
[Indorsement.]

RICHLAND JAIL, Columbus, S. C., August 17, 1864.

Major - General FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: Having heard that there is a probability of another exchange of prisoners at Charleston the officers belonging to the Department of the South, confined here and captured more than a year ago, have requested me to respectfully make application to you in their behalf. They are among the prisoners of oldest date within the Southern lines, and many of them are suffering greatly from long and painful captivity. If another exchange should take place in your department they earnestly request that their names may be placed upon the lists.

Their names, with dates of capture, may be found within. * Besides these I have added three officers in prison with us, severely wounded, but recently captured, in the hope that they, too, may be speedily exchanged. A similar application with list is inclosed herewith to Major - General Jones, Charleston, S. C.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN BEDEL,

Colonel Third New Hampshire Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 17, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff U. S. Armies, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose to you a report made to me by Lieutenant - Colonel Woodford, the officer whom I had appointed to attend to whatever exchange of prisoners might be authorized in this department. + From this is will appear that the Confederate authorities are anxious to effect an exchange of officers and men, rank for rank, or equivalent, to embrace all the prisoners the Confederacy have now on hand.

I have made no proposition of any kind, and will only carry out the wishes of the Government strictly and carefully, whatever they may be.

It may be proper to say that if it be the wish of the Government to obtain all our prisoners by exchange, it can be effected readily by way of the Savannah River, and the rebel prisoners, up to the time of their exchange can, I think, be safely guarded upon these islands.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major - General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,Elmire, N. Y., August 17, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary - General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you that the pond inside of the prisoners' camp at Barracks, Numbers 3, has become very offensive, and

---------------

* List omitted.

---------------

+ See Series I, Vol. XXXV, Part II, p. 243.

