
sences. I see no remedy which will effectually remove the odors and improve the sanitary condition of the prisoners than passing a current of water through the pond to carry off all the effects, material, and stop decay, but the quantity and expense precludes their use.

I am satisfied from long and continued experience that vaults will not answer for a large number of men crowded into a limited space without drainage. The best and most perfect disinfectant is earth, and sinks to smell sweet must be dug narrow and deep and daily covered with earth, but this cannot be in the prisoners' barracks, as the whole ground would be dug over in short time. The remedy then is to pass a current of water through this putrid matter. The drainage of the camp is very imperfect. A large drain should be dug through the low run in the camp proper, and emptying drains should be dug from the main drain to the pond. In this way the ground can always be kept dry and the washing scarred off. Unless the laws of hygiene are carefully studied and observed in crowded camps disease is the inevitable consequence. Two cases of gangrene have already

appeared.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. F. SANGER,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, in Charge.

CIRCULAR, HDQRS. MIL., DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE PROVOST - MARSHAL - GENERAL, Numbers 2. New Orleans, La., August 17, 1864.

Captain M. R. Marston, First U. S. Infantry, having reported to this office for duty, in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 98, current series, from these headquarters, is hereby appointed commissary of prisoners of this military division, and will be

obeyed and respected accordingly.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

W. H. WOOD,

Lieutenant - Colonel First U. S. Infantry.

Provost - Marshal - General Military Division of West Mississippi.

CITY POINT, August 18, 1864.

General BUTLER:

I see the steamer New York has arrived. Is she going to Aiken's Landing or elsewhere under flag of truce?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant - General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, August 18, 1864.

Lieutenant - General GRANT, City Point:

Steamer New York is to go to Aiken's Landing under flag of truce, at which places he is to received certain communications and special exchanges, among whom is General Bartlett, and to arrange a meeting between Commissioner Ould and myself for a conference in regard to the treatment of our prisoners and some cases of retaliation.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major - General, Commanding.

