
the Federals. Admiral Farragut lost one monitor and one gun - boat in the fight. Their on - clad Morgan is now lying at the wharf in Mobile, having sustained but slight injury in the recent conflict with the Yankees.

CHARLESTON.

It is also reported that the rebel officers who were recently exchanged in Charleston Harbor were never placed under fire by General Foster, and that General Sam. Jones, the rebel commander in Charleston, has now a large number of newly arrived Federal officers under the fire of Foster's guns.

General Jeff. Thompson says that the Southern officers did not leave the General gun boat until they were exchanged. He is ordered to report to General Price.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,August 18, 1864.

Honorable ROBERT OULD,

Commissioner for Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose to you for your information a copy of a letter from Captain John A. Winslow, of the U. S. ship Kearsarge, forwarded to me by the Honorable Secretary of the Navy. *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major - General and Commissioner for Exchange.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, Va., August 18, 1864.

Honorable ROBERT OULD.

Commissioner for Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Your attention is called to the within communication of Brigadier - General Wessells in relation to the money recently taken from the officers and prisoners of war in the hands of the Confederate authorities. + Most of the gentlemen whose statements are appended are known to me, and I know they can be relied upon. Of course this money will be restored, and I only need to bring it to your attention to have it done so.

Please return the papers, so that I may make a report.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major - General and Commissioner for Exchange.

STATE OF INDIANA, ADJUTANT - GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Indianapolis, August 18, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN, Commanding, &amp;c.:

DEAR SIR: There are in the rebel prison camp here 300 or more prisoners, brought there

soon after the surrender of Vicksburg, who have repeatedly importuned these headquarters to intercede with the War

---------------

* Not found as an inclosure, but see Naval War Records.

---------------

+ Not found as on inclosure and not otherwise identified.

