
Department for their release upon taking the oath of allegiance to the United States Government. They are nearly all French Creoles from New Orleans and its immediate vicinity and claim to have been either conscripted or forced into the rebel service. They have declared and contended ever since their arrival that they refused to accept the parole and had the understanding and expressed agreement with some general officer (some think it was you) that they should be taken to Saint Louis and there released. They all persistently make this representation of their case and have remained together in a detachment or sort of colony by themselves, claiming the fulfillment of the agreement. Governor Hahn, of Louisiana, applied for their release some months ago, but did to present the facts above specified relative to the under standing had by the men at the time of the surrender.

We have become satisfied from their statements and their uniform good conduct that they ought to be discharged, and in furtherance of those views I have been instructed by the Governor to address you, asking if you have an by knowledge of any such promises or pledges given to any prisoners at

Vicksburg; and if so, to request you to inform Colonel William Hoffman, Commissary - General of Prisoners, of the facts. It is conceded that if any promises of the kind were made to these men they ought to be released, but hitherto only the sworn statements of the prisoners themselves have been adduced.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LAZ. NOBLE,

Adjutant - General of Indiana.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Fairburg, Ga., August 29, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major - General Sherman, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi.

Those of the prisoners who are of opinion that I gave such a promise as the one referred to are mistaken, for I had at no time authority to make such an agreement, and I know of no such promises or pledges having been given by any one.

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major - General.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Atlanta, September 4, 1864,

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant - General's Office, Washington, for the Commissary - General of Prisoners of War, Colonel William Hoffman, with the remark that General Grant must now more of these facts than any other person now living.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major - General, Commanding.

[Third indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY - GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., September 17, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant General U. S. Grant, commanding Armies of the United States.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary - General of Prisoners.

30 R R - SERIES II, VOL VII

