
I aver, from information upon which I place full reliance, that this exposure caused a greater percentage of disease and death among the men than the battle of Chickamauga.

The above statement is respectfully submitted for your consideration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. HOBART,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twenty-first Regiment Wisconsin Vol. Infty.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, April 17, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Adjutant-General of the Army for the information of the War Department, with statement that I never have allowed prisoners of war to be treated in that way in this department. They have always been allowed to retain whatever blankets and clothing they might have with them when captured. Have frequently heard such complaints of the Confederate authorities before.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, April 29, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., April 16, 1864.

Major General W. H. C. WHITING, Wilmington, N. C.:

MY DEAR SIR: I will do everything in my power for the release of Purser Hasell. I have already urged his delivery. The Yankees, however, are very resolute in holding on to every person who has had any connection with running the blockade. I cannot confidently predict the result. I can only hope for the best.

Yours, truly,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO,April 16, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to call to your attention the condition of things connected with the prisons under my command in this city, which greatly embarrasses my administration of them, and to ask that I may be definitely instructed in the following:

Captain Forbes, acting assistant commissary of subsistence, was by Order Numbers 64 assigned to me for duty, with orders to relieve Captain Warner at the prisons. Subsequently, by Order Numbers 70, Captain F. was still later order, Numbers 74, Captain F. was ordered to receipt to Captain Warner for all his stores.

Under these conflicting orders Captain Forbes hesitates to act as quartermaster, and the Quartermaster-General, understanding that the same duties devolved upon Captain F. as were formerly performed by Captain Warner, declines to assign me a quartermaster for the duty

