
stationed on the outside of this wood fence. Sentinels, upon examination, exhibit considerable ignorance as to their instructions. Officers are allowed to going to jail yard and paroled not to attempt to make any escape. There are only two reliefs, sentinels being on duty three hours at a time.

I found the prison in a clean and sanitary condition and well policed. Police duty performed by prisoners. There are three kitchens, in which cooking for the whole prison is done. Cooks are taken from prisoners. Water is obtained outside the jail inclosure. Four prisoners are allowed to go for water under one sentinel. Prisoners receive the ration of a soldier in the field. No

complaint made as to insufficiency of ration. Four officers and three privates escape, but have been recaptured. Prisoners are not secure under the present arrangement. Stringent and proper instructions are not given to the guard. Prisoners are allowed to purchase eatables and read our papers. Captain Senn, having other duties to perform, is not at the prison more than one - third of his time. Prisoners under the present prison organization I deem insecure.

Upon examination of prison books, I find a discrepancy of eight prisoners between the number of names and the number actually in jail, there being more prisoners in jail than upon the prison record. The books are kept in very bad order and no dependence or certainly can be placed in them. I would respectfully suggest that these prisoners be removed to Charleston if a regular military prison is established at that point, the number at Columbia not being sufficient to justify a new prison with a separate commandant. Rations are drawn from post commissary; quartermaster's stores from post quartermaster. One officer and eight privates in post hospital. No guard is kept at hospital and nothing to prevent their escape.

Respectfully submitted.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. RUTHERFORD,

Captains and Assistant Adjutant - General.

RICHMOND, VA., August 18, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War Confederate States:

SIR: At your request I take pleasure in giving you in as brief space as possible an account of the treatment of the prisoners in the different prisons of the North in which I have been in cancerated. At Fort Lafayette, new York Harbor, we were confined in the case mate without other exercise than the length of the room would allow; there we were not permitted to purchase or received things from our friends; the guard was strict, but we were treated with respect. At Fort McHenry we were confined in a hayloft a stable for five months; were allowed to purchase and to receive the remnants of things sent us by our friends, after the provost - marshal's employees had taken from the boxes or baskets all that they deemed desirable. This was kept up until the Eighth New York Heavy Artillery was relieved, when we were treated more kindly. Here, after digging a tunnel thirteen feet deep and thirty-five long, our officers and privates were prevented from making their escape by the betrayal of one of our own men, a

renegade Virginian, whose home is near the White House, on the Pamunkey.

