
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

MILITARY PRISON, Charleston, S. C., August 14, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Annapolis, Md.:

The bearers of this compose a committee to wait upon the President of the United States to present a paper to him, which paper they will show you. As it is highly important that they

should not be delayed I have to beg that you will, if you can, send them on at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major - General (Prisoner of War).

[Sub-inclosure.]

C. S. PRISON, Charleston, S. C., August 14, 1864.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

The condition of the enlisted men belonging to the Federal armies now prisoners to the Confederate rebel forces is such that if becomes or duty, and the duty of every commissioned officer, to make known the facts in the case to the Government of the United States and to use every honorable effort to secure a general exchange of prisoners, thereby relieving thousands of our comrades from the horrors now surrounding them. For some time past there has been a concentration of prisoners from all parts of the rebel territory to the State of Georgia, the commissioned officers being confined at Macon and the enlisted men at Andersonville. Recent movements of the Federal armies by General Sherman have compelled the removal of the prisoners to other points, and it is not under stood they will be removed to Savannah, Ga., and

Columbia and Charleston, S. C. but not changer of this kind holds out any prospect of relief to our poor men. Indeed, as the localities selected are farm or unhealthy, there must be an increaser their than a diminution of suffering.

Colonel Hill, provost - marshal - general, C. S. Army, at Atlanta, stated to one of the under signed that there were 35,000 prisoners at Andersonville, and by all accounts from the U. S. soldiers who have been confined there the number is not over stated by him. These 35,000 are confined in a field of some thirty acres inclosed by a board fence, heavily guarded; about one - third have various kinds of in different shelter, but up ward of 20,000 are wholly without shelter or shade of any kind and are exposed to the storms and rains which are of al most daily occurrence. The cold dews of night and the more terrible effects of the sun striking with almost tropical fierceness upon their un protected heads, this mass of men jostle and crowd each other up and down the limits of their inclosure in storm or sun, and then lied own on the pitiless ear that night with no other covering than the clothing upon their backs, few of them having even a

blanket.

Upon entering the prison, every man is deliberately stripped or money and other property, and as no clothing or blankets are very supplied to their prisoners by the C. S. A. authorities, the condition of the apparel of soldiers just form an active campaign can be easily imagined. Thousand as are without pants or coats, and hundreds without even a pair of drawers to cover their nakedness. to these men, as indeed to all prisoners, there is issued three -fourths of a pounds of bread or meal, and one eighth of a pound of meat per day; this is the entire ration, and upon it the prisoner must live or die. The meal is of ten unsifted and sour, and the meat such as in the north is consigned to

