
indicated. I would respectfully add that I am in no way dissatisfied with the present officers, but desire, both on my account for the proper management of the prisons and that Captain Forbes may be enabled to act intelligently, as well as for the reason that a quartermaster is hourly needed, that the expression of the Department should be had as soon as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

HOUSTON, April 16, 1864.

Captain W. G. WEBB, Anderson:

The prisoners must be confined in the jail; court-house insecure.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,In Field, Culpeper Court-House, Va., April 17, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and N. Carolina, Fortress Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: Inclosed you will please find statement of Federal and rebel prisoners of war delivered since last declaration, together with explanatory letter of Major General E. A. Hitchcock, commissioner for exchange of prisoners. *

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,In the Field, Culpeper Court-House, April 17, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and N. Carolina, Fortress Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: Your report of negotiations with Mr. Ould, C. S. agent, touching the exchange of prisoners,+ has been referred to me by the Secretary of War with directions to furnish you such instructions on the subject as I may deem proper.

After a careful examination of your report the only points on which I deem instructions necessary are:

First. Touching the validity and the paroles of the prisoners captured at Vicksburg and Port Hudson.

Second. The status of colored prisoners.

As to the first, no arrangement for the exchange of prisoners will be acceded to that does not fully recognize the validity of these paroles and provide for the release to us of a sufficient number of prisoners now held by the Confederate authorities to cancel any balance that may be in our favor by virtue of these paroles.

Until there is released to us a sufficient number of officers and men as were captured and paroled at Vicksburg and Port Hudson not another Confederate prisoner of war will be paroled or exchanged.

As to the second, no distinction whatever will be made in the exchange between white and colored prisoners; the only question being, were they at the time of their capture in the military service of the United

---------------

*See April 15 and inclosure thereto dated April 16, pp. 53, 55.

+See April 9, p. 29.

---------------

