
McCarol, Company F, Third New York Cavalry; A. R. Wills, Seventy-second Pennsylvania; W. W. Clark, Company G, Ninety-third New York; H. K. Summer, Company I, One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania; John L. Jacobs, Company C, One hundred and eighty-fourth Pennsylvania; L. Moore, Company A, Twenty-second New York; C. H. McCoy, Company F, One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania.

At a meeting of the and committee appointed for the purpose of appointing delegates to present a petition from the prisoners confined in the Andersonville, Ga., military prison to the United States Government, to the Governors of the several States, and to the Associated Press of the United States, the following maned gentlemen were unanimously nominated: Edward Bates, chairman; H. C. Higginson, S. Noirot, F. Garland, W. N. Johnson, P. Tracy

On motion, it was decided that the following letter should accompany the copy of the petition which is to be forwarded to the Confederate authorities at Richmond.

CAMP SUMTER, Andersonville, Ga., July 20, 1864.

In order to facilitate the circulation of the inclosed petition we would respectfully urge the necessity of having representatives from the prisoners here confined, who will be permitted to convey within the U. S. lines and place before the

people, through the medium of the Associated Press of the United States, also the Government of the respective States, and to the Executive authority of the United States, the facts contained in the accompanying documents, and do whatever maybe advisable in reference there to. Believing as we do that such a course would best subserve the ends in views, we, as a committee of the whole, respectfully submit the following named person

subject to your approval, to consummate the undertaking; Edward Bates, Company K, Forty-second New York; H. C. Higginson, Company K, Nineteenth Illinois; S. Noirot, William N. Johnson, F. Garland; Prescott Tracy, Company G, Eighty-second New York.

On motion, the committee adjourned to meet again at 6,30 o'clock, to act in conjunction with the general meeting.

S. NOIROT,

Chairman,

C. S. McCLASKEY,

Secretary for Exchange.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

OFFICE OF THE PROVOST - MARSHAL - GENERAL,

DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,

Hilton Head, S. C., August 19, 1864.

Prescott Tracy, private Company G, Eighty-second New York volunteers, from New York City, a prisoner of war, captured at Petersburg on the 22d of June; from Petersburg was taken to Richmond; from Richmond to Belle Island. Over 1,200 men were at Belle Island; we were starved there; our treatment was very bad. From Belle Island we were taken to Lynchburg; thence we marched seventy - five miles to Danville; it took five days, and all we had to eat was a few crackers, from eleven to fifteen for each man for the trip. At Danville we were well treated. From Danville we went to Andersonville, and were nearly starved to death; we had not shelter ; they stole our blankets, money, coffee, and everything; we were completely robbed. On the road down some of the officers made the men take the rings off their

fingers. Most of the men at Andersonville are nearly naked; they

