
as I know, no complaint has been made of any bad effect resulting from the practice; even the very vigilant unknown admits he known of no complaint up to this time. I admit that I do not like the practice, and on my arrival set to work to try and get rid of it, but I found it impossible, and I was obliged to adopt such a system as was forced upon me by circumstances, and not such a system as I think best and which I would desire.

I inclose a letter from Lieutenant - Colonel Furlow, one of the most respectable and influential men in this section, and who has great interests at stake and liable to be damaged by any improper use of paroled prisoners. * There are many, as I think you will soon find, that adopt their own notions of what ought and what ought not to be done at a post like this, and then find fault with everything that does not correspond to their ideas, without sufficient information on the subject to know whether their ideas are practicable and can be carried out or whether the course condemned by them is not compelled by circumstances. If either the Governor of the unknown writer had applied to me they would have gotten al the information on the subject they desired. There was no desire on my part at concealment, as my letter of July 3 will show.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier - General.

CAMP SUMTER, GA., August 19, 1864.

Major F. W. DILLARD, Quartermaster, Columbus, Ga.:

MAJOR: All work at this post has nearly ceased for want of nails. I have tried to purchase them in every direction, including Wilmington. If you can possibly furnish me please do so at once and as largely as you can. I shall need at least 200 kegs, 100 of which should be 8-pennies and the remaining 100 assorted sizes. I would also be much obliged if you could furnish me a pair of blacksmith's bellows and a shipment of iron and steel. The supply of tents here is totally inadequate to the demand. Cannot you supply me with these? I need some 250 tents. I would be very glad if you could this post, as I am anxious you should see my extreme necessities here, and think you would give me all the assistance in you power; in addition to this I am about establishing a large Government shoe-shop. I can furnish from 500 to 1,000 shoemakers at once (prisoners of war), and as you have charge of the leather department I would be glad if you would take charge of this factory, but want to see you in person in regard to the matter. I would visit you at Columbus, but find it impossible to get away from the post at this time, but think it very necessary for me to see you in regard to this shoe factory at once, and hope you will make it convenient to come.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. WINDER,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

N. B. - I need very much some inch rope for several purposes. Please furnish me a coil if possible.

---------------

* See August 16, p. 601

---------------

