
CAMP SUMTER, GA., August 19, 1864.

[Major DILLAND:]

MAJOR: I am in great need of twenty-five more iron kettles, say from forty to sixty gallons each. Please furnish me, if possible so to do, at once.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. WINDER,

Captain and Quartermaster.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA.

Charleston, S. C., August 20, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,Commanding Department of the South, Hilton Head:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 15th instant was received two days since. The information given you by deserters and the U. S. officers exchanged on the 3rd instant, that there were other U. S. officers, prisoners of war, confined in this city, is correct. Others have since arrived, as you have probably already ascertained by the masses of letters they have been permitted to send under flag of truce to your lines.

You are mistaken if you suppose those prisoners have been sent here for the purpose of being places in positions where they may be reached by your shot. They are placed here by the Government simply because it is found more convenient at present to confine them here than elsewhere. When proper arrangements are made for their accommodation elsewhere they may be removed, but their removal will not be hurried or retarded by your threat to place and equal number of C. S. officers, prisoners of war, under our fire. I do not feel it incumbent upon me to keep you informed of the number and rank of the prisoners of war and where they are located; not that I desire any concealment in the matter, as you may know from the fact that they are permitted to communicate very fully and freely by letters with their friends, and their letters pass through your headquarters.

In reply to you reiterated declaration that to confine prisoners of war in Charleston is cruel and inconsistent with the usage of civilized warfare, I have to reply that I differ with you in opinion on that point, and refer you for my views on the subject to a letter which I addressed to you on the 22nd of June last.

You will permit me to add that the only treatment received by the prisoners of war now in possession that is in disregard of the usages of civilized warfare they receive at the hands of their own Government. They are certainly as prisoners of war justly entitled to fair and honorable exchange, and that their Government denies them.

I am ready at any time to send you every prisoner of war now in this department if you will give me in exchange an equal number of C. S. prisoners, man for man, rank for rank, or their equivalents.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major - General

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 20, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

SIR: In answer to your communication of 4th instant, forwarding a cartel agreed upon July 28, I have to inform you that the prisoners

40 R R - SERIES II, VOL VII

