
of war referred to in the second and third articles of said cartel will be places at your disposal by Colonel Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, as soon as practicable, of which he will advise you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major - General of Vols, Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, August 20, 1864.

Major - General BUTLER:

Major Elliott having been taken sick, Major Thomas S. Mills has been places in close confinement in his place as a hostage for Major Goff at Fort Delaware.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary - General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,OFFICE OF PROVOST - MARSHAL - GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., August 20, 1864.

[General W. S. ROSECRANS:]

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward you herewith additional testimony relating to the existence, objects, and purposes of the secret association known as "The Order of the American Knights," which removes all possible doubt, if any yet remained, of the existence of such an order, and of its disloyal objects and treasonable character.

Document marked A is a brief statement, made under oath by Charles L. Hunt, at his own instant and of his own free will and accord. It will be perceived, by reference to it that he freely and frankly admits that the statement made by him under oath at the time of his arrest was untrue. In that statement he denied all knowledge of the existence of such an order, and also that he was a member of it . In the last statement, which is forwarded herewith, he says he knows that there is such a secret association as the O. A. L. ; that he is a member of the same, having joined it over a year since; has been the grand commander of the order for the State of Missouri, but resigned the grand commandership withdrew from the order just previous to his arrest He also now so far qualifies his former statement under oath as to admit that all those whom he met at Vallandigham's headquarters at Canada in April last were members of the order.

Document B is the sworn examination of Charles E. Dunn, who, it will be seen, not only acknowledges the existence of the order, but admits himself to be the deputy grand commander of it for the State of Missouri, and virtually sustains the truth of all the representations made of it in my former report.

Document C is the second statement under oath made by Green B. Smith at his own request and of his own accord.

Though in his first statement he denied all knowledge of any such organization, he now gives a fully history of it, admits himself to be the grand secretary of the order, and discloses its treasonable character in all its naked deformity.

Messr. Hunt, Dunn, and Smith, having thus voluntarily unbosomed their secret, confessed their connection with the order, expressed their

