
Question. During the time that you were a member of the order did you in that character make any visit to Mr. Vallandigham?

Answer. Not in that character. I did go there, not as grand commander of the order, but those of us who met there belonged to the order.

CHAS. L. HUNT.

Sworn and subscribed before me this the 23rd day of July, 1864.

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost - Marshal - General.

B.

CHARLES E. DUNN, of lawful age, being duly sworn, deposes and says, that he was born in Maryland and raised in Illinois and Missouri, living in this State about fifteen years, and engaged as superintendent of gaslights for the Saint Louis Gaslight Company.

Question. Have you ever taken the oath of allegiance to the Federal Government?

Answer. I have, having voted at all local elections for the time I have lived in Saint Louis.

Question. Are you now and have you been during the existing rebellion an unconditional Union man?

Answer. I am a peas man, opposed to secession.

Question. Are you in favor of arming the negroes?

Answer. If they are to be free, yes; if not, and this war is to be carried on under the Constitution, I think arming them will do more injury than good.

Question. Have you during the existing rebellion given an earnest support to the Federal Government in efforts to suppress said rebellion?

Answer. I do not know anything to the contrary.

Question. What is your age?

Answer. I am forty years old.

Question. Have you ever in military service?

Answer. I was a lieutenant in the Mormon was in 1845.

Question. What were your relations with the "Minute Men" in this city at the commencement of this rebellion?

Answer. Had nothing to do with them.

Question. Have you during the present rebellion given aid in any manner to those engaged in it?

Answer. Not to my knowledge.

Question. Have you within the last three years, directly or indirectly, been the recipient of written or verbal communications from any one, and particularly Sterling Price, of the so-called Confederate Army?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Are you not regarded by your relatives and correspondents as a rebel sympathized?

Answer. I do not know.

Question. Are you acquainted with Charles L. Hunt, of Saint

Louis?

Answer. Yes, sir; intimately.

