
Question. What are your relations now and what have they heretofore been with him?

Answer. Our political views are precisely alike, both being Democrat; besides I had business relations with him.

Question. Have you not been in the habit of visiting Mr. Hunt at his office on Sixth street very frequently within the last six months?

Answer. Yes, sir; two or three times a week.

Question. What was the nature of those visits?

Answer. To obtain funds from him to go into the wholesale liquor business with E. J. Rae.

Question. Has not the office or building in which his office in situated been used for the past six months or year as the headquarters of a political organization?

Answer. I decline answering that question.

Question. Have you not been in the habit of visiting Mr. Hunt's office or the building in which it is situated for secret political purposes within the last six months or years?

Answer. I decline answering that question.

Question. Do you or do you not know that secret political meetings have been held in Mr. Hunt's office or the building in which it is situated?

Answer. I must decline answering that question.

Question. Are you a member now, or have you been within the past year, of any secret political organization?

Answer. I have been, but am not now.

Question. What is the character of such secret political organization?

Answer. A restoration of the Union.

Question. Did you not at the time you were a member of said secret political organization hold an official position therein?

Answer. I did.

Question. What was that position?

Answer. Second in command in the State of Missouri.

Question. What was the name of said secret political organization at the time you were a member of it?

Answer. I am not permitted to tell.

Question. Why not?

Answer. Because I am bound by an oath never to reveal it.

Question. What would be the penalty?

Answer. Death.

Question. Did you become a member of said secret political organization understandingly and of your own volition?

Answer. I did not, the initiatory step was taken in the dark without reflection and without knowledge.

Question. Were the objects and purposes of said organization hostile to the Federal Government?

Answer. In my estimation, no.

