
Question. Is there an ancient brother?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question Is there a ritual and by laws?

Answer. There is a ritual and principles of instruction, but no by laws.

Question. Is there a knight guardian north?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Is there a knight guardian south?

Answer. Yes, sir. (The pamphlet marked U in red ink, being shown to witness, is identified as declaration of principles; the pamphlets marked V and W, being shown him, are identified as the ritual of the "Order of the American Knight; " the blank marked H is recognized as blank report to the above order.) I went to Charles L. Hunt in the prison when we were first arrested and told him I was going to adopt the straight forward and manly course, but he said that would never do.

Question. What is the relation existing between the leading members of the Order of American Knight and General Sterling Price, of the C. S. Army?

Answer. I do not know that there is any.

Question. Do you know if General Price, C. S. Army, is a member of said order?

Answer. I have heard he was, but don't believe it.

Question. Is not Mr. Vallandigham, who was exiled by President Lincoln, the grand commander of the Order of American Knights?

Answer. I have heard it reported that he is.

Question. When was the first step of this order to have been

taken?

Answer. The advent of Mr. Vallandigham into the United States from exile. My understanding of this order is that is was gotten up in opposition to the Union League.

Question. Was it not generally understood and believed that his

(Vallandigham's) advent here would result in his arrest or an at tempted arrest?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Was it not perfectly undestroyed that such a step on the part of the Federal Government wound unite this order in a body against the authority of the federal Government?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Was it not generally understood and believed that this order was in some measure to co-operate with Confederate States troops?

Answer. No, sir. I understood that this order was to look only to itself in carrying out its objects, and to reply solely upon itself in opposition to the present Administration at Washington.

Question. This order was only hostile to the present Federal Administration?

Answer. That is my belief, and in addition to be governed in future by circumstances.

Question. What had been the modus operandi of arming this order in Missouri?

Answer. They have been instructed to arm themselves and to assist in putting down bushwhacking.

