
Question. Who was to have had command of this order when called out in Missouri?

Answer. It was as yet undetermined.

C. E. DUNN.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th day of July, 1864.

J. C. DODGE,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost - Marshal - General.

Examination of Charles E. Dunn by Colonel J. P. Sanderson, Provost - Marshal - General.

SAINT LOUIS, July 27, 1864.

Question. Mr. Dunn, when you were asked yesterday the name of the organization to which you belonged you said that you were not permitted to give it, because you were bound never to reveal its name or secrets on penalty of death. Do you really regard or believe from what you know of its character, that such a penalty would be attempted to be enforce?

Answer. Well, I hardly think it would, colonel. I don't think it would, I did think so at the time, but I now pretty well satisfied that no such penalty will be attached to it. I feel more bound by honor as a men than any penalties.

Question. Then, I understand your answer un substance is this: That while under the inspirations, if you may so term it, and the associations of the order you felt that such a penalty would be enforced?

Answer. I did think so.

Question. On sober reflection, looking upon the matter in all its bearings, you not really have doubts about that?

Answer. I have; yes, sir.

Question. You also stated that you were a member and that its name was the Order of American Knights?

Answer. Well, I refused to give its name.

Question. You have indicated in various forms, by either express declaration or inferentially, that you were a member of this

order?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Can you give me the precise time when you became a member of this order?

Answer. I have stated that I have been in about a year, but during that time have been an active member for only four or five months.

Question. Where did you become a member?

Answer. In this city.

Question. Can you state when the order began its existence in Saint Louis?

Answer. My impression is about the letter part of February, one year ago, or the 1st of March.

Question. Can you state by whom the order was introduced or organized here?

Answer. I cannot say. I believe I know who it was, but am not positive.

Question. Have you any reason to believe that the order was originally introduced into this city by one who came from Price's army?

No, sir; I do not think he did come from there - never had that intimation in any way. I am satisfied that the gentleman that started it here did not come from Price's army.

