
Question. You stated, also, that the pamphlet marked U in red ink, which was shown to you, contains a true declarations of the principles of the order?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Will you please to state whether the oath contained in that pamphlet is that of the first degree of the order?

Answer. It is a part of the first that is got up for some temporary use, and is used as an introduction to the first; but it really is not the first degree. The obligation of the first degree is found on page 2, blue - covered pamphlet marked V.

Question. Will you please indicate in pamphlet marked V the oath taken by the members of the second degree?

Answer. It is on page 2, sir.

Question. And of the third degree?

Answer. On page 5.

Question. Please state also whether the declaration of principles on pages 4 and 5 are those of the order.

Answer. Yes, sir; also on the first page each degree is marked.

Question. I call your attention to paragraph 10 of the declaration of principles, on page 5, which reads as follows:

In accordance with the principles upon which is founded the American theory, government can exercise only delegated power Hence, if those who shall have been chosen to administer the government shall assume to exercise powers not delegated, they should be regarded and treated as usurpers. The reference to inherent power as also to existing necessity on the part of the functionary for the sanction of any arbitrary exercise of power by him we will not accept, in palliation or excuse.

What do you understand by the declaration of principles thus

read?

Answer. My understanding of that was that it was founded upon the principles of State rights, and that the State had delegated power to the Government under the Constitution to be exercised.

Question. Is it not understood by the members of the order to mean that Mr. Lincoln is a usurper?

Answer. Well, no, sir; I did not take that view. I think that was not the general view of the members.

Question. Was it not generally understood by the members of the order that Mr. Lincoln had exercised powers to suppress the rebellion which were arbitrary and not sanctioned?

Answer. I think it was. Yes, sir; that was the view.

Question. Is it not a cardinal principle of the order that one occupying the position of Mr. Lincoln, exercising powers which he has exercised to suppress the rebellion, must be regarded and treated as a usurper?

Answer. I can hardly think that was the view taken. There seemed to be, so far as I understood, a disposition to get up an organization of this kind in order to be prepared to bring out a Presidential candidate, but I did not understand that there was to be a resort to force to throw Mr. Lincoln from power. I certainly should not have been a member if that had been the view. This may have been the idea, but not with those whom I have associated.

Question. Was it not understood by the members of the order that the exercise of power, such as has been exercised to suppress the rebellion, was a usurpation?

Answer. I think so. I think that was view - that Mr. Lincoln has exercised powers not granted by the Constitution, and therefore has usurped powers he had no right.

