
Question. Have you any knowledge or recollection what the results of the deliberations at that meeting were, or the programme or understanding adopted as to future operations?

Answer. No, sir; there never was a report of that meeting.

Question. Well, whether official or unofficial, have you any knowledge?

Answer. No, sir; I cannot say that I have.

Question. Have you any knowledge of it being agreed upon, either there or somewhere else, that Mr. Vallandigham was to represent his old district in Ohio in the Democratic National Convention which was to have been held on the 4th of July at Chicago?

Answer. I do not know that he was. I understood that Mr. Vallandingham was to be present at Chicago in July.

Question. Was he to make a speech at that time in Chicago?

Answer. That was the supposition.

Question. Was it expected that an attempt would be made to arrest him if he undertook to make a speech there?

Answer. Well, yes; I think so, sir; that was my impression.

Question. Were there any steps taken to have the order represented there on that occasion?

Answer. I cannot say that there was. I think it was generally understood that they could be there in sufficient number to attend the meeting, but I cannot say that any steps were taken. There was an intention to have a representation there, unquestionably, but no steps had been taken to send any from here, so far as I know, but it was the intention to have a representation there to attend the meeting.

Question. Was there any understanding that in case an attempt was made to arrest Mr. Vallandigham, or prevent him from making his speech, to stand by him and resist such an attempts?

Answer. There was talk; but, as I said before, there were no steps taken. There was talk of resistance, and I presume there would have been.

Question. Was there not a very general talk on that subject?

Answer. I think so, sir.

Question. Was there any conference, consultation, or conversation to send a certain number of members from each State, who were to be under the authority of the grand commander of the State, and to be armed to meet such an occasion if it were to occur?

Answer. I do not know of any such; I think no organization or understanding had been made; I think there was no conversation at all.

Question. Was there a general expectation among the members that such an attempt would lead to collision there and serve as a signal for collision throughout the free States?

Answer. I have heard that talked of myself.

Question. Can you state what the exception and supposition was as to what shape that collision would assume?

Answer. No; I cannot say there was any plan perfected.

Question. Was there not a general expectation, however, that when this general collision throughout the loyal States was about taking place the rebel armies would take advantage of it and make a movement on Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Ohio, and Missouri?

Answer. No; I think not, sir; I did not view it that way.

