
Question. Was it not the general understanding that in the condition of things those who would advocate the policy of the Administration would be too entirely weak to overcome them?

Answer. My impression is that in case of this taking place the armies of the Administration would be retained below. I cannot answer your question in that way, because such was not my impression at all.

Question. Have you any recollection of having seen or read a printed address to the members, issued by the supreme commander, some time last fall or winter?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Will you please look at the address?

Answer. That is the copy, signed by Caine Urbanus, S. C.

Question. Did you read this address at that time?

Answer. I did, sir.

Question. In this address there is the language used -

The power which has done these things - all these and more than these - is by every just definition, by every conceived notion and complete idea, a despotism, and it is so regarded by all just men on other continents - a despotism whose power is usurped, not granted by constitution, not conceded by ordinance, but open, proclaimed, unblushing usurpation, which has become so hold, through impunity, that it has cast off the flimsy trickeries for concealment in which it capered for a time before the footlight, and stands in the astonished gaze of the civilized earth at once a spectacle and a sure evidence of the extinct splendor of the American Union.

This language is used in reference to Mr. Lincoln and his Administration. Does not this clearly indicate that he is a

usurped?

Answer. Well, that he has usurped powers not granted to him; it clearly does.

Question. I want to call your attention to the next succeeding paragraph, commencing -

Brothers! Again renew your solemn vows! Swear at your hearthstones, at the altar consecrated to your household gods! Swear in the holy sanctuary where your fathers worshiped, at their tombs and by their sacred memories! "that I will at all times, if need be, take up arms in the cause of the oppressed, in my own country first of all, against any monarch, prince, potentate, power, or government usurped, which may be found in arms and waging a war against a people or peoples who are endeavoring to establish, or have inaugurated, a government for themselves, of their own free choice, in accordance with and founded upon the eternal principles of truth! This I do promise, without regard to the name, station, or designation of the invading power, whether it shall arise within or come from without.

Is this not a quotation embodied in one of the obligation which members of the order take?

Answer. It is, sir; but it is placing a different construction upon it that I understood when the obligation was administered.

Question. Does not this extract from the address of the supreme commandeer, when taken in context with the preceding paragraph, unmistakably inculcate the idea that Mr. Lincoln is a usurper, and that the members of the order are bound by their obligations to overthrow him as such?

Answer. Well, if looks so, sir, though I did not so understand it.

Question. Again, the paragraph contains this:

That I will never take up arms in behalf of any monarch, prince, or government which does not recognize the sole authority of power to be the will of the governed, expressly and distinctly declared, nor on any cause or service as a mercenary.

Is not this also an extract embodied in one of the obligations taken by the members of the order?

Answer. Yes, sir.

