
Question. Does not the language here used "Nor in any cause or service as a mercenary" mean that no member of the order ever will serve as a substitute in the army?

Answer. Yes; I never had that view, though.

Question. I will read still further. Immediately succeeding the paragraph I have called your attention to there is this language:

Thus have you sworn at the altars of our order, in the presence of God and the brothers assembled. The time is near when these vows must be redeemed. The despotism which has crushed us under its iron heel so long is the government usurped, which is found in arms and waging war against or noble States, and would degrade them form sovereignties to the mean condition of dependencies of a

centralized power; and its purpose regrade them from sovereignties to the mean condition of dependencies of a centralized power; and its purpose regards all the States which formed the late mightily Republic, alike North and South. It is none the less a government usurped because of the fact that wicked men who wield its mighty powers and direct its energies against the liberties of the people were chosen and elected to the high places of the Republic to administer the government thereof by the formulas prescribed by the Constitution. Since they have, in wantonness of their lust for power, utterly disregarded every requirement and behest of that sacred instrument, nor have ever looked to it for sanction of any act of theirs, but always refer for their sanction to existing necessities of the exigencies of which they were alone to judge, and which necessity itself they have ever, with fell purpose too poorly disguise, projected and created.

Can you regard the language thus used in the address, applying to the members of the order that they have thus sworn, in any other light than applying rebellion?

Answer. There can be no question about that.

Question. I will read you another extract:

Such picture, gloomy, dark, and blood-marked, the contemplation of which mantles with the blush of shame the check of manhood, is exhibited on every spot of our once bright and beautiful land which has been pressed by the vandal feet of the Federal Army.

Brothers! You, the noble, gallant men, citizens of the great States, within the bounds of one brotherhood, which are unscathed by the flames of war, to you I appeal! Contemplate the picture thus but too dimly sketched and say, while you so invoke the God of truth and justice to witness the sincerity of your vows: "This picture shall not be reproduced upon our homes and fair fields. "

What other meaning can the supreme commander, in the appeal he thus makes upon his brothers of the order, have had than that they should resist Mr. Lincoln in the prosecution of the war by force, if necessary?

Answer. Well, I know of no other meaning, sir.

Question. What do you understand by this, from the same address?

We will with our swords, if need be, sweep away these clouds and welcome the splendor which shall glow in its old-time brilliancy upon the arms of our several States, redeemed from the thraldom of an irresponsible despotism.

Answer. I looked at that as a kind of figurative affair; but, in connection with the rest, has the same bearing, of course.

Question. What does it mean by their remarks immediately succeeding the foregoing, which are as follows:

Read often and ponder well the lessons which our order imparts, and let them abide in your hearts. All will be well if we are true to ourselves, but if we shall not prove true in this the hour of our country's great peril the ghosts of our fathers will take palpable shape and voice, and V au us will cry, Shame! Shame!

Does the language here clearly and unmistakably imply that, if the members of the order are too cowardly to use the sword if need be, the ghosts of their fathers will take palpable shape and voice, and cry, Shame!

Answer. Well, I think so.

