
filed with me is true) the procession marched through the Twenty-sixth Alabama Regiment between the colors of the regiment and the colonel's quarters, yelling like madmen, without an officer to raise even a voice against it. If these facts are true the post commander would have been helpless.

Hoping that this will prove satisfactory, I am, general, your obedient servant,

A. W. PERSONS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

HOUSTON, April 17, 1864.

Captain W. G. WEBB, Anderson:

Can confine prisoners where you deem best. You will be held personally responsible for them.

J. B. MAGRUDER.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, April 18, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICERS AT CAIRO, MEMPHIS, AND ALL OTHER MILITARY POSTS ON THE OHIO AND MISSISSIPPI RIVERS:

This will introduce to you the Honorable Benjamin F. Wade and the Honorable Daniel W. Gooch, members of the Joint Committee of Congress on the Conduct of the War, who have been designated to inquire into and report upon the attack, surrender, and massacre at Fort Pillow. You will provide them while within the limits of your command with quarters, subsistence, and transportation as may be required, and afford them such courtesy, assistance, and protection as may be within your power or required to facilitate the performance of their duties.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Agents, superintendents, and conductors of railroads and commanders of steamboats will furnish transportation when required by the Honorable Benjamin F. Wade and the Honorable Daniel W. Gooch, members of the Joint Committee of Congress on the Conduct of the War, and for their stenographer, and charge the same to the War Department.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Ordered, That the Honorable Benjamin F. Wade and the Honorable Daniel W. Gooch, members of the Joint Committee of Congress on the Conduct of the War, who have been designated to inquire into and report the facts in relation to the late attack, surrender, and massacre at Fort Pillow, with their stenographer, William Blair Lord, be and are hereby authorized to pass and r lines of the U. S. forces. All quartermasters, railroad agents, and superintendents are directed to furnish them with transportation as may be required on account of this Department. Commissaries will furnish them with subsistence. Commanders of posts, where they may have occasion to tarry or transact business, will furnish them with quarters, subsistence, and transportation and whatever necessaries may be required for the proper perform-

