
Question. Stiff further is another extract:

To be prepared for the crisis now approaching we must catch from afar the earliest and faintest breathings of the spirit of the storm. To be successful when the storm comes we must be watchful, patient, brave, confident, organized armed.

Do not all these extracts clearly and beyond a doubt if the English language means anything, imply the use of force to overthrow the Administration?

Answer. Well, they do; certainly.

Question. From the knowledge you have of the views entertained by members of the order, in regard to their obligations as members, do they hold that the obligation so taken by them is paramount, and that they cannot, when called upon as witness before judicial and military tribuna, testify in regard to any matter or thing prohibited by their obligation taken in the order?

Answer. I do not believe those members would refuse to testify.

Question. Supposing you were a juror in a court of justice in a case of murder, as an illustration, the accused being a member of the order, a man was brought upon the witness stand whose character for truth was good, but whom you knew to be a member of the order to which the accused belonged, how would you regard his testimony where it might convict the accused?

Answer. So far as I was personally concerned it would not make a particle of difference. I would believe the testimony, most assuredly.

Question. Would you have any misgivings upon the subject?

Answer. I do not believe I would.

Question. You stated yesterday that primarily you do not understand the order to be an armed organization?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Did it not emphatically become so to a certain extent?

say it was becoming so, enough to make me uneasy.

Question. Have you any knowledge as to any propositions being made to organize a secret police here?

Answer. I have not.

Question. Is it the policy of the order - does it form one of its objects and features - to place into position some if its members where they may serve as guards, obtain information, and guard against dangers, in telegraph and express offices, headquarters of military commanders, &amp;c.?

Answer. That matter unquestionably would have been adopted, but there had not yet been any plans, so far as I know; perfected; I had heard it.

Question. Have you any knowledge of members of the order being in positions of that character who availed themselves of the advantages they possessed to aid the order in communicating intelligence or receiving or forwarding arms or other articles?

Answer. I think it would have arrival at that point. I do not think they had arrived at that perfection.

Answer. I think that was the intention, and would have arrived at that point.

Question. Were you a frequenter at the meetings of the councils in this city during last spring?

Answer. No, sir; my position did not require it.

