
Question. Have you any knowledge of a proposition being made in any of the councils to establish a secret police?

Answer. I do not know, sir.

Question. In your intercourse with the Confederate prisoners in Gratiot Street Prison, especially officers, did you meet with persons who belonged to this order?

Answer. I did not, sir.

Question. Have you any knowledge of the peculiar character of this organizations in the State of New York?

Answer. I have not.

Question. Do you know the fact that this organization is known in different States by different names?

Answer. I do not, sir. I was not aware of it.

Question. And that the principles it professes differ in the same way?

Answer. I had no idea of any such thing.

Question. Did you ever hear among members the organization in New York state spoken of as the "McClellan Minute Men?"

Answer. I did not.

Question. Do you know by what name the order is known now?

Answer. I do not, sir.

Question. Do you propose to take the oath of allegiance?

Answer. I do, sir; and keep it also.

Question. If the oath of allegiance be administered to you will you regard the faithful observance od it in the performance of all your duties as a loyal citizen paramount in its obligations upon your conscience?

Answer. I will, sir.

Question. I understand you, then, by your last answer to say and to mean to be understood that if called before a judicial or military tribunal as a witness you will testify to the whole truth, to the best of your knowledge and belief, in regard to persons or things, whether in reference to members of the Order of American Knights, the revelation of which the oath of the order prohibits, or any other matter?

Answer. Yes, sir.

C. E. DUNN.

Affirmed before me this 29th of July, 1864.

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost - Marshal - General.

C.

GREEN B. SMITH, of lawful age, being duly sworn, deposes and says, that he was born and raised in Saint Louis County, State of Missouri, and is by occupation a clerk; has been clerking for Messrs. Grimsley &amp; Co. since 1850.

Question. When were you arrested?

Answer. The 28th day of May, 1864.

Question. Have you been examined under oath since your arrest and incarceration?

Answer. I have.

41 R R - SERIES II, VOL VII

