
Question. Were the answers by you given under that examination in reference to a secret political organization correct?

Answer. No, sir; they were not.

Question. What induced you to withhold the facts under that examination?

Answer. A solemn oath and the influence of other parties implicated with me.

Question. What is the nature of that oath, and what the influence of other parties?

Answer. I took an oath not ro reveal facts connected with a certain secret organization, under penalty of death, and the influence of members of said organization has thus far prevented me from revealing the truth.

Question. State in what manner that influence has been exercised.

Answer. Religiously and morally I had been instructed to believe that the oath spoken of was binding and paramount to every other consideration.

Question. Who has led you to this belief?

Answer. My superior officers in the organization of which I am about to speak.

Question. What is said organization called?

Answer. "Order of American Knights," recently changed to "Sons of Liberty. "

Question. When were you initiated into the, mysteries of said organization?

Answer. Some time in the spring of 1863.

Question. Where were you initiated?

Answer. Corner of Fifth and Market, over leitch's drug store, in the city of Saint Louis.

Question. Have you been a member in good standing ever since?

Answer. Yes, sir; I think I have.

Question. What is the number of the council to which you have and do now belong?

Answer. It never had a number, but was called the "George Washington Temple. "

Question. How frequently have you attended said temple since you were initiated?

Answer. On an average, about three time a month.

Question. Were those meetings held in the daytime or at night?

Answer. Exclusively at night, with but two exceptions.

Question. Were those two exceptions special meetings?

Answer. Yes, sir; the one I attended in the daytime was a meeting of the grand council, the other as an informal meeting.

Question. State when that grand council met.

Answer. The 20th of January, 1864.

Question. Was that a meeting of the officers of Missouri temples exclusively?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. What was the result of the deliberations of that council in January last?

Answer. An election of officers for the grand council of the State of Missouri, or an installation of such officers.

