
Question. How long was said council in session at that time?

Answer. Some three or four days.

Question. Were you a regularly delegated member of that council?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Who presided at and over the deliberations of that council?

Answer. The commander of the third degree of the State of Missouri.

Question. Was the deputy grand commander present on that

occasion?

Answer. No, sir; there is no such office within my knowledge in the Missouri temple; the commander of the third degree of the east was there and presided. He is - *

Question. Is there a commander of the third degree west?

Answer. Yes, sir; he is second in command, and the commander of the third degree east is first in command.

Question. Did you before your arrest or do you now hold any official position in this secret organization?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. What is that position?

Answer. Secretary of both the second and third degrees.

Question. Under whose immediate instructions as secretary of the second and third degrees did you act in council?

Answer. Under the respective commanders of those degrees, each degrees having a commander.

Question. State the number and names of all the degrees of this order.

Answer. There are five - first, second, third, and fourth, or grand, as it is called, and fifth, or supreme.

Question. What is meant by grand and what by supreme degrees?

Answer. The grand, or fourth, degree is that council, or highest degree of the State; the supreme, or fifth, is the highest in the United States.

Question. How many of those degrees have you taken?

Answer. First, second, third, and fourth, or grand council.

Question. What temple did you represent in the grand council which convened in Saint Louis in January last?

Answer. The George Washington Temple of Saint Louis.

Question. What are the initiatory steps taken upon entering this order?

Answer. The first think to be done is to ascertain his sentiments, and if in accordance with those entertained by a member, he is immediately solicited to join and taken to the ante - room of the temple, or to a member's room, where the neophyte is duly instructed according to the formulas laid down in that portion of the ritual to be found in pamphlet marked W from "V to baseness inclusive. "

Question. What is requisite in taking the second degree?

Answer. Simply the recommendation of any member of the second degree with two members to vouch for him. The same formula is observed in taking the third degree. To enable him to [reach] the fourth it [is] necessary that he should be elected to the grand council, or fourth degree, by members of the first degree.

---------------

* The original here contains, in pencil, the remark, "So added after due reference. "

---------------

