
Question. What is requisite in taking the fifth, or supreme,

degree?

Answer. Members of the fourth degree are elected by the members of that degree; are then sent to the supreme council, where they are duly initiated and credited to the grand council or fourth degree.

Question. What is the grip, sign or recognition, and password to the first degree?

Answer. The grip is given by clasping the right hand with the index or fore finger resting upon the pulse of each. The sign (the only genuine one) is made by shading the eyes with the right, and the left hand placed upon the left breast; and the password I am unable to give, because each county has a distinct one, and it is changed monthly.

Question. What words are used when the sign of distress cannot be seen?

Answer. Aok - hoan.

Question. What it the origin of the Order of American Knights?

Answer. I have heard that it originated in the State of Louisiana in 1863; also, that it extends back to the Revolution of 1776, having had a precarious existence up to the present rebellion.

Question. What is the relation between this order and so - called Confederate Government?

Answer. At the time I joined I understand that its object was to aid and assist the Confederate Government, and endeavor to restore the Union as it was prior to this rebellion.

Question. In what particular was aid and assistance to be given to the Confederate Government?

Answer. In any and all ways, and at any and all time.

Question. Do you know of any aid and assistance having been rendered by this order during your connection with it in the manner above spoken of?

Answer. I know that arms and ammunition have been purchased by members of this order to send to members in the country, where they could not be had.

Question. Do you know anything about advice in reference to this order having been sent to the rebel army?

Answer. Of my own knowledge I do not, but I have through members heard that constant communication was kept up between Saint Louis and the rebel army.

Question. What kind of arms are mostly furnished to parties in the country by members in the country?

Answer. Revolvers.

Question. Are they purchased or obtained in Saint Louis?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Is the ammunition also?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. When was the revolutionary movement contemplated by this to have taken place?

Answer. The advent of Mr. Vallandigham into the United States from exile.

Question. When were the members of this order first instructed to arm and prepare for this movement?

Answer. In the summer or fall of 1863.

Question. In what manner was the Confederate Army to co-operate with this order?

Answer. This order was to hold itself in readiness to act with the Confederate Army upon its advent into the State.

