
Question. Who was to have command of men composing this order in Missouri in that event?

Answer. The grand commander of the State of Missouri.

Question. What disposition was to have been made of the officers commanding this department in that event?

Answer. Treated as a common enemy.

Question. This order is exclusively made up of disloyal persons, is it not?

Answer. Yes, sir; all Democrats who are desirous of securing the independence of the Confederate States with a view of restoring the Union as it was.

Question. Have you ever purchased any arms and ammunition to supply members of this order?

Answer. I have.

Question. What amount of each?

Answer. Very little ammunition - perhaps 200 revolvers in all.

Question. In what manner were they sent away?

Answer. Some were delivered to the parties themselves and some wee shipped.

Question. Were not those so shipped nearly all send to Northern Missouri?

Answer. Yes, sir; nearly al of them.

Question. Were purchased on regular permits, or clandestinely?

Answer. Clandestinely.

Question. What is the number of this order in Saint Louis?

Answer. From 3,000 to 15,000 men.

Question. What is the number in the State of Missouri?

Answer. From 40,000 to 60,000.

Question. You stated yesterday that the initiation into the first degree of this order was in accordance with instructions contained in pamphlet marked W. Please state whether you have ever seen a pamphlet similar to that now exhibited, and when and where.

Answer. I have, just prior to my arrest (28th May), at Charles L. Hunt's room, in the city of Saint Louis.

Question. Is that pamphlet used for any specific purpose by the officers of the Order of American Knights?

Answer. Yes; for purpose of initiating members.

Question. Have you ever seen in used for such purposes?

Answer. I have.

The pamphlet marked V, being shown witness, is identified as the ground-work of this order for initiation into the second and third degrees. Pamphlet marked U, shown witness, is identified as the basis of initiation into the first degree and used by said order for that purpose.

Blank form marked X, with the following caption, "List of Members of Conservative Club at -," being shown witness, is identifies as a temple muster - roll of said order, and the filling up correct.

The address of supreme commander, marked S, being shown witness, is recognized as the production of P. C. Wright, copies of which he has seen at the office of Charles L. Hunt. There can be no doubt of Wright's being the author, from the fact that it was issued before Vallandigham

