
Question. Were you paid any commission for such service by said order?

Answer. No, sir; I sometime made a small commission in making purchases of this kind.

Question. Who first organized the Order of American Knights in the State of Missouri?

Answer. P. C. Wright, of New York.

Question. Have you any knowledge of one William M. Douglas?

Answer. I know the man; have met him four or five times.

Question. Do you know if he had ever been legally authorized by said order to establish temples in Missouri?

Answer. Of my own knowledge, I don't know, but my impression, formed by remarks of members, leads me to believe he was.

Question. Is it not generally known that William M. Douglas is an emissary from Price's army?

Answer. I don't know; he because very unpopular with the order even before his arrest.

Question. Was Douglas active in organizing temples in Missouri?

Answer. I think he was - very.

Question. Was he not on very intimate and confidential terms with Charles L Hunt, of Saint Louis?

Answer. Yes, sir; more so than with any other person in the city.

Question. Was there a secret police, made up of members of said order, whose duty it was to ascertain the names of U. S. detectives and, if possible, to baffle their efforts in apprehending rebels and members of said order?

Answer. Of my own knowledge, I can't say; but I heard through members that there was such police to be organized, but to known only to the officers of said order. That would properly be the business of the executive committees.

Question. Was the secret assassination of any U. S. officers, soldiers, or Government employees proposed by any member or members of said order?

Answer. I have heard it discussed in council and recommended.

Question. How is General Rosecrans reared by this order?

Answer. Members who are las abiding are friendly toward him but the lawless and reckless portion is bitterly opposed to him.

Question. State what this order contemplated in the event of Price's invading Missouri this summer.

Answer. They, or rather it, intended to unite with Price, drive out U. S. forces and the Union citizens, and appropriate everything belonging to the United States Government.

Question. Has this order been arming and organizing for that purpose?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Under whose immediate direction has this been done?

Answer. The grand commander of the State of Missouri.

Question. Was this order to co-operate with that of other States in the event of an invasion by Price?

Answer. Until recently, yes; but latterly, independent and distinct of other States.

