
Question. What was the intention of this order in reference to the ferries here on this river?

Answer. To initiate captains, pilots, and engineers, and in the event of a movement to take possession of them and cross members of the order from Illinois and other State into Missouri.

Question. Did you ever have any conversation with Charles E. Dunn or Charles L. Hunt in reference to making public, under oath, your connection with the Order of American Knights?

Answer. Yes, sir; with both of them.

Question. State when, where, and what that conversation was.

Answer. In June last, at Gratiot Military Prison. I remarked to Mr. Hunt that I had concluded to acknowledge my complicity in this matter and was willing to be tried upon the merits of the case. Mr. Hunt said that would not do. I asked him why? He said, "You have taken a solemn oath never to revel these matters; besides there is," said he, "no necessity for such a step; their are no specific charges against you, but merely suspicion. I informed Mr. Hunt that I should take care of myself; that the order had failed to protect me, and I had no one now but myself to rely upon. Mr. Dunn agreed with me in adopting this plan.

Question. Have you withdrawn from said order?

Answer. I have not.

Question. Was not Charles L. Hunt's office the headquarters of this order in Missouri?

Answer. To all intents and purposes; yes, sir.

Question. Did you while a member of said order give aid and assistance to rebel spies, mail carriers, and emissaries from the rebel States?

Answer. In only one instance; I gave Newcomer, alias Thompson, a small sum of money, knowing him to be a rebel mail carrier. Rebel spies, mail carriers, and emissaries have been carefully protected by this order ever since I have been s member. Previous to my arrest I heard by and through this order that the mail to and from the rebel army was regular, with semi-monthly dispatches to the grand commander. A man by the name of Dorris, formerly of Jefferson City - a son of the doctor - is used by this order in carrying mails. He was here when I was arrested, the 20th day of May last. One of the especial objects of this order was to place members on steam-boats, ferry-boats, in telegraph offices, department headquarters, provost - marshal's office, and in fact in every position where they could render valuable service.

Question. Are there any members in any or either of the positions above enumerated?

Answer. In the express offices and one in the telegraph office over the American Express office. There are plenty of them on the river.

Question. Have you ever heard any threats made by members of said order against any member who should divulge the secrets of said order?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. What were those threats?

Answer. That they would, upon proof of the fact, kill the man.

Question. What or the duties of the grand commander?

Answer. Presiding officer over the lower degrees and ranking officer of the State.

Question. What, if any, knowledge have you of a meeting of the supreme council in the city of New York last winter?

Answer. I know that the supreme council met in New York City last February - the 22d, I believe - to elect a supreme commander.

Question. Was Missouri represented in that council?

Answer. Yes, sir.

