
ance of their duties. All officers and persons in the service will afford to them courtesy, assistance, and protection.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS, ILL., April 18, 1864.

Colonel JAMES A. HARDIE, Inspector-General U. S. Army:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of Rock Island Barracks, Ill.:

Commanding officer, Colonel A. J. Johnson, Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps. Colonel Johnson is intelligent and a man of good habits, but not as efficient as he ought to be. The troops under his command are not properly instructed in guard duty or in the method of keeping their books, making returns, &amp;c. The grounds immediately surrounding the barracks are neglected.

The prisoners' quarters I found in excellent condition; discipline and government good; barracks clean; grounds thoroughly policed, and being constantly improved by grading and drainage. The shelter, food, clothing, and treatment for the health of prisoners is good. No prisoner has escaped since February last. The post sutler authorized to sell by Colonel Johnson. He sells pies, candies, &c. No pecuniary transactions discovered between officers and sutlers or persons furnishing supplies for prisoners.

Troops composing garrison, Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps and Thirty-seventh Iowa Volunteers; the latter a regiment of decrepit old men and the most unpromising subjects for soldiers I ever saw.

Money and packages sent to prisoners properly accounted for. No post fund or regimental fund.

Post quartermaster, Captain Charles A. Reynolds, U. S. Army. Returns for March not finished. Could not ascertain what balance was due United States. The captain was somewhat intoxicated.

Commissary of subsistence and treasurer of prison fund, Captain W. Butterfield, U. S. Army. Subsistence fund due United States April 18, $860. 07; prison fund April 18, $4,345. 24. Captain B. was absent at Chicago and the clerk had no funds in his possession.

Purchases appear to be made at fair rates. Stores good and not in excess of the wants of the post.

The garrison should not be reduced.

Number of prisoners April 18, 1864, 6,860.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. MARSH,

Lieutenant Colonel Twenty-fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, April 29, 1864.

Copy respectfully furnished for the information of Colonel Hoffman. Colonel Johnson has been directed to properly instruct his command and to cause the grounds in the vicinity of his post to be cleaned. General Meigs, Quartermaster-General, has been instructed to relieve Captain Charles A. Reynolds from his duty as post quartermaster, and to designate an officer to receive his money and property.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

5 R - SERIES II, VOL VII

