
Question. From what other firm of firms did you purchase arms?

Answer. From the house of Dimick &amp; Co., on Fourth street, in the city of Saint Louis.

Question. What amount of arms and ammunition did you purchase from the house of Dimick & Co., and at what time or times were they so bought?

Answer. From fifteen to thirty revolvers, half dozen cans powder, and a few cartridges, in March, April, and May last.

Question. Were these articles purchased from said house on a permit from said office?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Was the sale of such articles at such times prohibited by the military authorities at this post?

Answer. Yes, sir, except on permits from the provost-marshal-general's office of this department.

Question. What agreement was made by you with Dimick & Co. in reference to the purchase of arms, ammunition, &c., at such times?

Answer. The same as with Beauvais and the man on Third street.

Question. From whom did you buy arms, &c., at the house of Dimick & Co.?

Answer. From Dimick and his partner.

Question. You have stated in this examination that you purchased about forty revolvers between the 15th and 19th of April last for William M. Douglas. Please state from whom those revolvers were purchased and the amount of the purchase price paid for them.

Answer. I purchased those revolvers from Beauvais and Dimick, and an equal amount from each.

Question. From which particular employe at the house of Beauvais did you make said purchase at the time last above stated?

Answer. I think from John Beauvais; from the fact that I paid him the money - some $300.

Question. From whom did you buy at Dimick's at the time above stated?

Answer. From Dimick himself.

Question. What amount did you pay Dimick at that time?

Answer. About $300.

Question. Did you purchase any arms, ammunition, &c., from any other firm or house in the city during the winter and spring of '63 and '64 than those already stated?

Answer. I did not.

Question. Where were the revolvers you purchased of Beauvais and Dimick in April, already stated, taken by you, and where were they packed for transit?

Answer. They were taken to Rae's liquor store, on Pine street, between Second and Third streets, by me, and given in charge of his clerk, but by whom packed I am unable to state.

Question. Did you meet Douglas at Rae's store prior to the purchase of those arms?

Answer. I did.

