
Mo. ; T. W. Levant, Charles Wall, Marshal D. Lyle, Carondelet, Mo. ; William S. Pollard, Wesley Roselle, Saint Louis, Tenth Ward; Dr. J. N. Yates, Sturgeon, Mo. ; J. D. Cooke, Saint Charles; R. M. Renick, Saint Louis, Mo. ; --- Loper, United States Express Company, messenger.

There is a temple in the upper part of town called Richard Montgomery Temple.

Question. State what the prominent members of the Order of American Kinghts have universally said in reference to the objects and purposes of said order in your presence.

Answer. When I first joined, in the spring of 1863, S. L. Moses, then instructor of the order, informed me that it was a Democratic organization, gotten up for the benefit of those engaged in rebellion, and to unite the Democratic party proper with the view of co-operation with the rebel army.

Question. When and where was said organization expected to co-operate with the so-called Confederate Army?

Answer. In the event of an invasion by the rebel army into Missouri.

Question. Were you not led to believe, after joining said order, by conversation with members thereof, that its objects and purposes were directly opposite of those of the General Government, and in direct hostility to said Government?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Were not the members of this order secretly plotting and conniving at the destruction of the General Government and assisting, through the agents of said order, with the view of establishing the independence of the so-called Confederate States?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. From the knowledge you have of said organization, do you not believe it to be thoroughly disloyal, and inaugurated for the purpose of defeating the objects of the present Administration in suppressing the present rebellion?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Was it not generally understood by members of said order that steps had been taken to inform the Confederate authorities that this order was friendly to the interests and policy of the so-called Confederate States, and ready and willing at any time to render any and all assistance in its power in the overthrow of the General Government?

Answer. That was believed to be the object of those who gave direction to said order.

Question. Did not the members of this order secretly exult over the reverses of the Federal Army, and at the successes of the so-called Confederate?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Were you ever present at any temple or council in this city where congratulatory speeches were made by members of the order at the success of the so-called Confederate Army?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Please state when, where, and by whom such speeches were made.

Answer. At all times, in all councils and temples, and principally by James McDonald, of Saint Louis.

Question. How were such speeches usually received by members of such councils and temples?

Answer. With general satisfaction.

