
Question. Was it not a universal custom of those meeting at the councils and temples of this [order] to propose and take up a subscription for the purpose of buying arms and munitions of war with which to arm and equip the members thereof, with the design of placing it upon war footing?

Answer. Propositions of this kind have frequently been made, but whether successful or not I am unable to state.

Question. Was there not a project set afoot by members of this order to arm and equip all they could of the members there of at Government expense, to be used, when occasion required, against the General Government and for the benefit of its enemies?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. When and by whom were said projects set afoot?

Answer. At various times, by members; generally during the past year. I will also state that the grand commander, Charles L. Hunt, and others recommended that all members of said order enroll in the militia instead of paying their communication, thereby obtaining arms and equipments and the benefit of militia service, which would enhance the interests of said order and materially injure those of the General Government.

Question. By what authority were you constituted an agent to purchase arms, ammunition, &amp;c., for members of said order?

Answer. There were no regularly constituted ones; every member became a self-constituted agent.

Question. Have these councils and temples been generally established throughout the State of Missouri?

Answer. North of the Missouri River generally; know of none in the Southwest or Central Missouri.

Question. What is the number of this organization in the State of Illinois?

Answer. From report, from 100,000 to 120,000.

Question. What in the State of Indiana?

Answer. About 90,000.

Question. What in the State of Ohio?

Answer. About 80,000.

Question. Do you now recollect any names of members omitted by you yesterday in the list given by you?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. State them.

Answer. P. J. Panley and John Panley, city of Saint Louis, Mo. ; Sandford Long, Saint Louis County.

Question. What other prominent political men belong to said order whose names have not been given?

Answer. I know of none; that class of men have been initiated privately and there are but one or two members of said order who do know them.

Question. Who of said order represented the grand council of the State of Missouri at the supreme council held in the city of New York last winter?

Answer. Charles L. Hunt, of Saint Louis; Harrison Long, of Saint Louis County; Jefferson Jones, of North Missouri, and two others whose names I do not know.

Question. Who of said order attended the special conference held at Vallandigham's hotel, Canada, this last spring?

Answer. Charles L. Hunt.

