
Question. You have spoken of your knowledge of a man by the name of Newcomer alias Thompson, who was carrier of a rebel mail to this city, did he become known to you as an officer in the rebel service?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Did he become known to you as a member of the order?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. You have stated that there was a general expectation that an attempt would be made to arrest Vallandigham on his reaching Chicago on the 4th of July, and to prevent him from making a speech there. Was the Government to be resisted in that effort by the members of the order there assembled?

Answer. There was a general understanding among the members of the order that in case Vallandigham should return within the Federal lines and an effort was made by the Government to seize or arrest him, such effort was to be resisted by the united action of the order.

Question. The William M. Douglas of whom you have spoken made his escape from Gratiot Street at the time several were killed, did he not?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Have you any knowledge of any of the inmates of the prison having communication with him after his escape, directly or indirectly?

Question. Is it the general conviction and belief of the members of the order that the penalty denounced in the oaths which they take will be certainly executed on any member violating it?

Answer. That is the general belief.

Question. Is it considered the duty of each member to execute this penalty upon the violator of the oath, or is there some particular person of said order or officer whose duty it is to enforce the penalty in such case?

Answer. It is consider the duty of each member.

Question. The oath denounces as shameful death; is there by that meant any particular form of death?

Answer. None that I ever heard of.

Question. It being the general understanding of each member of the order that it is the duty of each member thereof to enforce the penalty, what is the understanding as to the mode of doing it? Is it to be done boldly and publicly by force, or secretly and privately by stealth?

Answer. There was no particular mode or manner understood by the members; it was to be done at any time and at all hazards.

Question. Has there any case of the kind here or elsewhere come within your knowledge?

Answer. There has not.

Question. Do you know of any instance in which a member supposed to have violated his obligation has been searched for or followed for the purpose of inflicting the penalty and taking his life?

Answer. No, sir; I do not.

Question. What is the general view entertained by members as to the extent of the binding obligation of the oath they take as members?

