
Question. Is the same principle recognized by them as applicable to officers acting under the authority of the President and obeying his orders, such as commanders of departments, armies, &amp;c.?

Answer. I think it is. It includes all military officers of the General Government.

Question. Is the paper which I hold in my hand and marked A known to you?

Answer. It is and has been in my possession as secretary of the second degree.

Question. Is it what it purports to be, "the report of the condition of the Richard Montgomery Temple?"

Question. Is the paper in my hands, marked B, known to you?

Answer. It is, and is in my handwriting.

Question. Is this the memoranda of a meeting of a temple held March 14, 1864?

Answer. It is the memorandum of the proceedings of a meeting of the second degree, taken down by myself.

Question. Do you recognize the paper in my hand, marked C?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Is this the memorandum of the proceedings of a meeting of the temple held March 24, 1864?

Answer. Yes, sir; and in my own handwriting.

Question. I observe that there was a committee appointed to raise funds for the purpose of buying arms and ammunition for said order.

Answer. I have no knowledge that any committee was appointed or funds raised for such a purpose.

Question. I notice, also, that there is a vigilance committee to be appointed. What was to be the duty of said committee?

Answer. I do not know.

Question. I hold in my hand a paper, marked D, which I suppose to be the proceedings of a meeting of the temple of the third degree.

Answer. I recognize it as my own handwriting and a copy by me made from the original, which was in skeleton form.

Question. I hold another paper in my hands, marked E, apparently a subscription list of money raised for the benefit of P. C. Wright, supreme commander. Am I right?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Are the figures set opposite the names the number of dollars raised for said purpose?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. I hold in my hand another paper, marked F. Will you explain its import?

Answer. Yes, sir. It relates to one Cardon, of the Saint Louis theater, who, it was alleged, had made an expose, or proposed to do so.

Question. Mr. Smith, have you, of your own free will and accord, from your own sense of duty as a citizen, and without the solicitation or influence of any one, answered the foregoing questions which have been propounded to you in the manner you have?

Answer. I have.

Question. Has this examination at this time taken place in consequence of a letter addressed by you to the provost-marshal-general,

