
U. S. GENERAL PRISON HOSPITAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., August 20, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General Department of the Missouri:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that there are now held in custody ten female prisoners in one room in Myrtle Street Prison. The room does not contain more than 2,400 cubic feet of air, which is barely sufficient for three persons. If allowed to remain in these quarters sickness will doubtless be one of the results. Illness to a certain extent has already occurred. We would respectfully ask instructions as to what course we must pursue. Shall we treat the cases as they occur in the quarters they now occupy or remove them to hospital?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. YOUNGBLOOD,

Acting Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army, Acting Surgeon in Charge.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., August 20, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major Heinrichs, inspector of military prisoners, who will examine into the matter and report thereon. All those sick had better be transferred to the hospital for treatment there.

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE INSPECTOR OF PRISONS,

Saint Louis, August 21, 1864.

Respectfully returned, with the suggestion that these female prisoners be removed to Gratiot Street Prison. I have had the honor before of explaining to the colonel the propriety of removing these women from Myrtle Street Prison, as the localities there are in no way the proper ones for that class of prisoners. The so-called lower round room at Gratiot Street Prison seems to be the proper place. It is a large and airy room, and perfectly isolated from the other rooms. One female prisoner is there now, and in one room with a man (the counterfeiter who was ordered to be kept single), and as this prison has no proper room for this purpose, I respectfully recommend that this lower round room be divided into two rooms by a partition, which would make good rooms for both purposes. The female sick may be accommodated in the branch hospital, which is right opposite, and where there is plenty of suitable room. I sincerely believe that this change would be of a great advantage and meet all the desirable points.

GUST. HEINRICHS,

Major and Inspector.

CONFEDERATE STATES NAVY DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., August 20, 1864.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In your official note of the 2nd of October, 1863, addressed to Commander W. A. Webb, C. S. Navy, are the following paragraphs:

Yesterday a list of the officers of the Atlanta held by the United States, with an equal list now in confinement in the South, was forwarded to General Meredith,

