
amount of sickness and large mortality among the prisoners at this camp: The camp should be enlarged to at least to at least twice its present size. This can be done by removing the east fence. Additional barracks or tents should be put up for at least 2,000 men, so as to relieve the barracks and tents now overcrowded. The barracks should have windows. Bunks may be erected in tiers not more than two stories high. An ablution room, provided with washtubs, should be attached to each barrack. Mess-room should be connected with the kitchens and the men should not be permitted to take their meals to the barracks. In order to afford washing facilities, buildings should be erected and provided with Farmer's boilers, washboards, and tubs. Washtubs can be made by sawing barrels in two. The new privies, which are now being built, will greatly improve the sanitary condition of the camp. A more thorough drainage is desirable. The prisoners should receive each about eight ounces of potatoes or six ounces of onions daily, as scurvy is prevailing to an alarming extent. The hospital should be located outside of the camp inclosure.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES J. KIPP,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, in Charge.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 21, 1864.

Colonel B. J. SWEET, Commanding, Chicago, Ill.:

COLONEL: In reply to your letter of the 8th instant, in relation to the location of your headquarters, I have to say that Camp Douglas is considered the most important part of your command, which requires the constant presence of the commanding officer, and I am reluctant to consent that your headquarters should be returned to the city. Your duties at other places may well be intrusted to other officers in your absence, but for the good order and safety of the command and prisoners at Camp Douglas I must rely entirely on your presence. The change of headquarters from the city to the camp was in no way intended as a censure, but, on the contrary, I felt that the good condition of the camp, as often reported to me, was attributable to your attention and good management, and I feared that in your absence from the camp it would necessarily fall into other and less reliable hands, and for this reason I asked for the change. In all communications relating to the affairs of the camp they should be dated at Camp Douglas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

FORT DELAWARE, DEL., August 21, 1864.

Captain GEORGE W. AHL, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following weekly inspection report of condition, &amp;c., of prisoners of war at this post: Camp, good; quarters, good; bedding, sufficient; clothing, sufficient; kitchen, good; messing, good; rations, good; general policing, good; sinks, very good; drainage; good; hospital, excellent.

Remarks. - Prisoners complain that the ration of bread (sixteen ounces) issued is not enough. I would respectfully suggest that the

