
sergeants in charge of each division be allowed an extra meal daily, as an incentive to duty. The sinks are cleaned twice each day and the filth washed away by the tide.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. LEWIS,

First Lieutenant, Ahl's Independent Batty. Delaware Vols., and Insp. Officer.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded.

The clothing is not as good as could be desired, as I have only dark blue pants and coats to issue. I would suggest that 4,000 suits of gray clothing be sent to this post. I inspected the barracks and hospitals in person.

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FORT DELAWARE, DEL., August 21, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: Assistant surgeon, Doctor Goddard, recommends that the prisoners' barracks should undergo a thorough fumigation and cleansing. In order to do that I would respectfully request that 1,000 prisoners be transferred to some other station, in order to have a few empty divisions to begin with. I commence with the officers' barracks to-morrow, but the privates' barracks are full and it cannot be done at present without exposing the prisoners to sleeping out of doors. Small detachments arriving constantly will soon fill the barracks again. I make this request in view of the fact that the smallpox still exists. Seventy-four cases are in hospital at present, and it is of the utmost importance to prevent its spreading as fall approaches.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHOEPF,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,

OFFICE SUPERINTENDENT OF PRISON,

Near Sandusky, Ohio, August 21, 1864.

Captain JOHN LEWIS, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the condition of the military prison and prisoners at this depot for the week ending August 21, 1864:

The barracks: The kitchens, are, with one or two exceptions, well cleaned and in very good condition, and measures have been taken to have those two cleaned up immediately. The dining-halls and sleeping apartments are in good condition, having been well policed during the week. The prison yard: The grounds around barracks, and the ditches, drains, &amp;c., present a very satisfactory appearance, having been well policed during the week. Sinks in good condition. The new buildings are being rapidly completed, and will, I think, be ready for use in a few days. Sanitary condition of prison good. Whole number of prisoners present, 2,550; whole number prisoners last report,

