
2,519; gain since last report, 31; whole number prisoners in hospital, 51; whole number prisoners in hospital last report, 52.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. A. FOWLER,

Major 171 st Ohio National Guard, Superintendent of Prison.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Johnson's Island, August 21, 1864.

Approved and respectfully forwarded to Colonel William Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

The dining-halls referred to by the superintendent are the old mess-rooms in the prison barracks. Within the last three days we have had much rain, which has interrupted and delay work and policing. Circular Numbers 4 from the Commissary-General of Prisoners was promulgated and put in force yesterday morning.

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 21, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel S. EASTMAN,

Commanding Depot Prisoners of War, Elmira, N. Y.:

COLONEL: In the absence of Colonel Hoffman, I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the report of Surg. E. F. Sanger relative to the prevalence of scurvy among the prisoners at Elmira, referred by you to this office, and in reply to call your attention to letter of August 1, 1864, which authorizes the purchase, with your approval, of antiscorbutics for the prisoners generally whenever in the judgment of the surgeon they are necessary, to be paid for from the prison fund, and also for the sick when the hospital fund is too limited to meet such expenditures.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. BLAGDEN,

Major, Second Mass. Cavalry, Asst. to Com. General of Prisoners.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL OF PRISONERS,

ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,

Rock Island, Ill., August 22, 1864.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON,

Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the condition of the prison and prison hospital for the week ending to-day, as follows: The streets and avenues of the prison are clean and in good order. The external as well as internal appearance of prison and hospital buildings is very good. The kitchen of both departments are in excellent order. The general appearance of the prisoners is clean and tidy; the bedding of the prisoners being well aired. The sanitary condition of both departments is excellent. No change of importance since last report.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CARAHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps,

Provost-Marshal of Prisoners.

