
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,Rock Island, Ill., August 24, 1864.

Approved and respectfully forwarded to Cool. William Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

The immense sewer in course of construction by the quartermaster's department, running crosswise through the prison, is in a flourishing condition and promises to fulfill all wants of that nature. This work will tend to better improve the sanitary condition of the prison, which is at present, under the circumstances, excellent.

A. J. JOHNSON,

Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., August 22, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER, U. S. Army,

In Charge of Exchange Business:

GENERAL: I hasten to acknowledge the receipt of yours of the 18th instant in regard to certain indorsements by me upon letters forwarded to you, and beg to say that the indorsements referred to were designed as suggestions for answers to applicants for special exchanges. I wish special applicants to understand that all of our soldiers held in the South are equally entitled to be exchanged, and I wish them to infer from this that it is not just to others that here and there an individual should be singled out and exchanged unless there are reasons for it of a public character.

I have not heard a word from the Secretary of War intimating any change of policy with regard to colored troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK.

RICHMOND, VA., August 22, 1864.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK, U. S. Commissioner for Exchange:

SIR: Inclosed is a copy of a communication which, on the 10th instant, I addressed and delivered to Major John E. Mulford, assistant agent for exchange. * Under the circumstances of the case I deem it proper to forward this paper to you, in order that you may fully understand the position which is taken by the Confederate authorities. I shall be glad if the proposition therein made is accepted by your Government.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent for Exchange.

STEAMER NEW YORK, FLAG OF TRUCE,

Varina, Va., August 22, 1864.

Honorable ROBERT OULD, Agent for Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Having been informed that Major Nathan Goff, a Federal officer, is held by the Confederate authorities in close confinement, said to be in retaliation for a prisoner similarly held by the U. S. authorities in the person of Major Thomas D. Armesy, C. S. Army, I now propose the release and delivery to their respective Governments of each of the

---------------

*See p. 578.

---------------

