
above-named parties, and in case you accept this proposition will deliver to you on my next trip Major Armesy. Will you do it?

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO E. MULFORD,

Major and Assistant Agent for Exchange.

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 22, 1864.

I accept this proposition. I would further suggest that all difficulties connected with the detention of officers and men on both sides inclose confinement or irons can be satisfactory adjusted on the basis here in indicated. Let all prisoners of war on each side be released from confinement (close) or irons, as the case may be, and either placed in the condition of other prisoners or sent to their respective homes for their equivalents.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

OFF EAST PASCAGOULA, August 22, 1864.

Colonel C. C. DWIGHT, U. S. Army,

Commissioner of Exchange Division of West Mississippi:

At a meeting held this day between Colonel C. C. Dwight, agent for exchange of prisoners on the part of Major-General Canby, commanding Military Division of West Mississippi, and Lieutenant Colonel N. G. Watts, agent for exchange on the part of the Government of the Confederate States of America, it is proposed that an exchange of the naval prisoners captured by the U. S. fleet in Mobile Bay since the 1st of August instant be made as soon as possible for an equivalent number of U. S. naval prisoners captured by General E. Kirby Smith in the Department of Texas, the U. S. naval prisoners captured in Texas to be delivered at the mouth of Red River, La., and the Confederate naval prisoners to be delivered at Hollywood, on the eastern shore of Mobile Bay, neither to be declared exchanged until the actual delivery of the equivalent for them.

It is also proposed that an exchange be made for the Confederate prisoners captured at Fort Gaines August 8, 1864, and that the U. S. commander at New Orleans be allowed to select in return for said prisoners an equivalent of the U. S. prisoners captured east of the Mississippi River from the forces of Major-General Canby, or west of the Mississippi by General E. Kirby Smith, said U. S. prisoners to be delivered at Vicksburg or at the mouth of Red River, and the Confederate prisoners at Hollywood, eastern shore of Mobile Bay, or Vicksburg, Miss., all under the same condition - that the prisoners on either side are not to be declared exchanged until the actual delivery of equivalents for them.

N. G. WATTS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA AND FLA.,INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Charleston, S. C., August 22, 1864.

Major CHARLES S. STRINGFELLOW, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: In obedience to instructions from the major-general commanding, accompanied by Surg. T. L. Ogier, medical director of the

