
III. Interior guards will commence to challenge at "taps," at which time each sentinel will be visited by the non-commissioned officer of the relief. Interior guards will not have the countersign. The non-commissioned officer of the relief will be with his guards at all times, and be prompt in answering every call from all sentinels to which he is assigned.

IV. Sentinels while on a beat will not salute general and field officers and officers of the day with the sentry-box salute, but will "present arms. "

V. The officer of the guard will read or cause to be read to each relief before posting the second time the whole of Article 33 - duties of sentinels.

VI. An officer of the guard will visit the post of each sentinel in the relief at least once in every four hours, and a non-commissioned officer of the guard will visit the post of each sentinel twice in every two hours, half an hour after the relief has been posted and half an hour before being relieved, and such officer or non-commissioned officer will correct all irregularities and restrain all abuses, instruct the sentinels in their duties, and enforce vigilance.

VII. Sentinels will not be permitted to stand upon their beats except when officers are passing, or sit, or talk to other than officers, nor to rest their muskets upon the ground.

VIII. At the firing of any musket or gun between the hours of sunset and sunrise all guards and troops will turn out and take arms, and the rolls will be called.

IX. Sentinels posted near the water will keep boats from landing during the day and prevent communication with the shore except by proper authority, and during the night from sunset to sunrise will challenge all boats that approach the shore and compel them to land only at the wharves under charge of the provost guard. Not less than four sentries will at all times be posted upon each wharf.

X. To render more perfect the system of duties, and to insure the safety of the command, the following regulations will govern target practice and the discharging of muskets within the command. No muskets will be fired within the limits of this district, except in the performance of military duty, at other times than between the hours of 10 and 12 a. m.

XI. All guards upon being relieved will be furnished with proper targets by their officer and conducted to a suitable place to be designated by the field officer of the day. Officers commanding guards and other parties at practice will attend to their men and give them the most minute instructions in holding and discharging their pieces.

XII. All discharging of firearms at other times than the hours mentioned in the foregoing paragraph will be a signal for the entire command to stand to arms.

XIII. The attention of officers commanding companies is directed to Article XIII, Revised Regulations, which will be read at the head of each company of this command after inspection on Sunday morning next, the 24th instant, and also on the two following Sundays. Commander of regiments and the inspector-general will see that the provisions of this article are enforced and will hold company officers responsible for any neglect of its provisions by their commands.

XIV. Paragraphs 90, 91, 93, 100, 101, 102, 103, 106, 114, 115, and 116 seem to have been entirely neglected in many of the companies of this command. Any neglect of the provisions of paragraphs 101 and 115

