
OFFICE ASST. AGENT FOR EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Fort Monroe, Va., August 23, 1864.

Major-General HITCHCOCK, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your note to me relative to the case of Major Nathan Goff, &amp;c., and I inclose herein for your information a copy of the correspondence between Mr. Ould and myself on the subject,* and would further inform you of my intention to take Major Armesy, C. S. Army, with me to the place of meeting the Confederate authorities on my next trip, and shall deliver Armesy only when I receive Goff, as per agreement. I have also on my last trip arrange for the exchange of Captain Ives for Waller, as per instructions from Colonel W. Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO E. MULFORD,

Major, &c.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Camp Chase, near Columbus, Ohio, August 23, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: Under your former instructions prisoners of war were allowed to receive contributions from their friends to a much greater extent than under your circular of the 10th instant. The consequence is the accumulation of a large amount of supplies, the greater portion of which are of a perishable nature. Those that are not so cannot be, except in a very few instances, returned to the donors for the want of authority to do so and the means to pay charges. Heretofore the few articles that were not permitted to be delivered to prisoners were turned over to the surgeon in charge of the prison hospital, but now they exceed any possible demand of that kind. Will you instruct me what disposition to make of these articles? Allow me also to call your attention to the fact that among the articles allowed to be sold by the sutler buttons are not included. They would seem to be almost a necessity.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 23, 1864.

Surg. T. M. GETTY, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Having been directed, in Special Orders, Numbers 254, current series, to report for duty in this office, you are hereby assigned to the duty of acting medical inspector of prisoners of war.

By order Colonel W. Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

W. T. HARTZ,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Mulford to Ould, August 22, and Ould's indorsement thereon, p. 667.

---------------

