
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 24, 1864.

Brigadier General J. BARNES, Commanding Point Lookout, Md.:

GENERAL: It is not intended to retain any large number of prisoners at Point Lookout because of its accessibility to the Virginia shore, but there will probably be occasions when there will be 8,000 to 10,000, or possibly more, and its security will always be a matter of much interest to the War Department, and I would therefore urge it upon you that you cannot be too much on your guard against any possible contingency. Be always prepared for an attack from without or within. The Navy Department has given assurances that there will always be present a sufficient naval force to render any required assistance. Please report any change that may take place in the number of armed vessels present. I would suggest that vessels which move out from the dock for the night be required to anchor under the guns of the gun-boats as a security against capture by surprise.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 24, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding, Headquarters New Orleans, La.:

SIR: In reference to the communication of Colonel Dwight of July 25, addressed to yourself, and by you forwarded the 4th instant, touching the validity of certain paroles, say 1,360, I entirely concur with you in the opinion that the enemy having held those prisoners ten days are entitled to credit for them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major General of Vols., Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

DUNN'S HILL, August 24, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

The dispatches* of Colonels Ould and Gorgas in reference to the execution of the men to take place at Fort McHenry have been received. Should I state what is represented of their character in those dispatches, it would, in my opinion, be fatal to them. Their sentences had not been confirmed by President Lincoln, and I think it better not to interfere.

R. E. LEE.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 200. Richmond, August 24, 1864.

* * * * *

XXVIII. Major General John H. Gee, of the Eleventh Regiment Florida Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the post of Salisbury, N. C., to

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

