
relieve Colonel Gilmer, North Carolina Volunteers, who will rejoin his regiment.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 25, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the receipt yesterday of a communication from Major General Sam. Jones, dated the 20th instant. I inclose a copy, marked A. * It is in reply to my letter to him of the 15th instant, a copy of which I sent to you on that day.

By the same flag of truce which brought me this letter from General Jones he also sent one from Colonel John Bedel, Third New Hampshire Volunteers, to himself, with one from the colonel to me. Both these letters are dated on the 17th instant. I also inclose copies marked respectively B and C,+ and have the honor to invite your attention to papers relate to the subject of exchange I have made no reply to them, but refer them to you for the action of the Honorable Secretary of War, as directed in your letter to me of the 8th instant.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., August 25, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff U. S. Armies, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Referring to my letters of the 4th and 17th [19th] instant in regard to the destitute and wretched condition of our prisoners in Andersonville, Ga., I have the honor to report that I have communicated with General Sam. Jones, a copy of the letter to whom is inclosed, ++ asking permission to send to our prisoners a certain quantity of sanitary stores, kindly furnished by the agent of the Sanitary Commission here. To this I have as yet received no answer. I did not apply for permission to send quartermaster's stores to our prisoners for the reason that I have received no authority in response to my application for such distribution.

I have reason to believe that I shall receive the sanction of the rebel authorities to forward to our prisoners such articles as may be absolutely required to meet their necessities. If this belief be found to be well grounded it will make the condition of our prisoners more comfortable in their captivity. This will accord well with the policy of the Government should it decide not to exchange prisoners at this time.

The obtaining of 37,000 men able to fight would at this time be a much desired relief to General Hood's army, and accounts for the anxiety of the rebels to exchange at this time. Looking at it in this light I think that the sending of relief to our prisoners would be the

---------------

*See p. 625.

+See pp. 602, 603.

++See August 21, p. 662.

---------------

