
best thing that could be done at present, and I shall send all that the Sanitary Commission can furnish. I would respectfully ask, however, that my application to furnish them with clothing, &amp;c., may be granted.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FORSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[AUGUST 25, 1864. - For Jones to Foster in relation to supplies for Union prisoners, &c., see Series I, Vol. XXXV, Part II, p. 257.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Numbers 15. August 25, 1864.

* * * * *

10. Lewis Baker and O. S. Long, editors of the Wheeling Register, now confined in the military prison at Wheeling, W. Va., are hereby released from said prison. All books, papers, and other property pertaining to the paper (Wheeling Register) now in the hands of the military authorities will immediately be turned over to said Baker and Long, and they will be allowed to resume the issue of the paper (Wheeling Register).

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

A. F. HAYDEN,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPOT FOR PRISONERS OF WAR,

Elmira, N. Y., August 25, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward the report of the inspector of prison camp at this post for August 21, 1864, with the following remarks: Drainage is being made complete; cook-house and mess-room is too small; the kitchen is being made a little longer; the mess-room will seat from 1,600 to 1,800; another of about the same size should be erected; I will write more fully on that point. There is a sufficient number of medical officers now here to attend to the sick daily, and they are directed to do so. Some of the prisoners have no blankets. Shall every one have a blanket issued to him? I have written to you in relation to the stagnant water in pond.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. EASTMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

PRISON CAMP, Elmira, N. Y., August 21, 1864.

Lieutenant T. R. LOUNSBERRY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to state that I have made the inspection required by Special Orders, Numbers 289, headquarters depot for

