
prisoners of war, dated Elmira, N. Y., August 17, 1864, and submit the following report:

Police of camp, good; police of quarters, good; police of guard-house, good; drainage of camp, progressing, but incomplete; sinks nearly finished on the north side of pond, and good sink south of pond commenced; cook-house and mess-room in good condition, but insufficient in size; hospitals in good condition, but not sufficient for the wants of the camp.

On the 20th instant 226 were reported sick in hospital and a larger number of the quarters. Many of those in quarters are unable to attend sick-call, and in some cases had not been visited by a surgeon in four days. Some are destitute of blankets and proper under clothes, and all without hospital rations; clothing of prisoners deficient, especially in blankets and shirts. The stench arising from the stagnant water in the pond is still very offensive.

B. MUNGER,

Captain, Forty-fourth New York Volunteers, Inspector of Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPOT FOR PRISONERS OF WAR,Elmira, N. Y., August 25, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I respectfully request some further instructions relating to the issue of clothing to prisoners of war. The friends of the prisoners are sending clothing almost daily for their use, and I have some doubt if it can be issued under Circular, Numbers 4, dated August 10, 1864. They are in need of clothing, and if it be permitted to issue all that is received it will save the Government considerable expense, and I respectfully recommend that it be done. It is difficult to tell whether the clothing came from a friend or a relative. I send with this an application from Noah Walker &amp; Co., of Baltimore, to know if they can send clothing to prisoners when ordered by their friends. Shall I answer in the affirmative?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. EASTMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Depot.

[Inclosure.]

BALTIMORE, August 22, 1864.

COMMANDER OF POST, Elmira, N. Y.:

DEAR SIR: A recent restrictive order in relation to sending goods to prisoners puts us under the necessity of troubling you with an inquiry. We have numerous packages on hand, ordered from us by relatives of prisoners, and we have many orders, as yet unfilled, which we hesitate to act upon. We have been accustomed to furnish only the commonest and most indispensable articles. Applications are handed to us, indorsed, examined by the proper officer at the post. Are we to understand that such indorsement authorizes us to fill the order of the prisoner? We desire to comply in the strictest manner with the requirements of the Government, and any information from you as to our duty will be thankfully received.

Yours, very truly,

NOAH WALKER & CO.

