
instant, and signed by Colonel Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, permits our prisoners to receive clothing and other articles, not contraband, from their relatives or friends residing beyond our (their) lines when forwarded by flag-of-truce boat or by any other authorized channel, so long as the prisoners of war held at Richmond and other Southern prisons are permitted to receive the same articles in the same manner from their relatives and friends in the loyal States.

Will you please inform me, with as little delay as practicable, if you will permit the prisoners to receive sanitary stores that I may reply to General Foster's request?

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

ABINGDON, VA., August 25, 1864.

DEAR PRESIDENT: Honorable H. W. Bruce told me last winter that you had kindly directed Colonel Ould to put my son's name down for the first prisoners exchanged. There seems now again a prospect of the renewal of the exchange. Let me implore you to order Reid's name to be put down again on the first list. As I do not wish to be selfish, even as a mother, will you put with Reid's name that of the gallant Lieutenant Read of the Tacony? He was my dear son's companion in this escape through the loop-hole of the fort. I rejoice with you in the brilliant success of your brave and high-toned nephew, J. Taylor Wood. I know you will be glad to learn that Captain Contri proves himself not only a good soldier, but an excellent husband, son, and brother. He is now away on an expedition of great hazard, but one which we fondly hope will win him the reputation he deserves. Virginia is very well and happy, except for the captain's absence and the dangers to which his fearless character expose him. She joins me in best regards to yourself and Mrs. Davis.

ANNA J. SANDERS.

[First indorsement.]

AUGUST 30, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the commissioner of exchange, who will know better than myself of the case and any assurances which may have been given.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[Second indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 2, 1864.

Colonel OULD:

Note the President's indorsement.

J. A. SEDDON.

[Third indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 3, 1864.

Respectfully returned to His Excellency the President.

Some time ago Your Excellency referred to me for attention of Major Reid Sanders. Before that I had repeatedly asked for the release of the major, as Mrs. Sanders well knows. Mrs. Sanders urged me on several occasions to offer Major White, the Pennsylvania State senator, for Major Sanders. That I could not consent to do without specific directions, nor could I offer to give any Federal major for him, for

