
will subject the offender to arrest and punishment at the discretion of the inspector-general, who is especially charged with the execution of the provisions of these paragraphs.

XV. Inspection of ammunition will be made daily and the provisions of paragraph 107 strictly adhered to. Commanders will state the amount of ammunition in their morning reports, giving the number of cartridges and the number of percussion caps separately.

XVI. The attention of commissioned officers is called to the necessity of great care in their military dress and bearing. It is useless to expect valuable service from men commanded by slovenly officers. The respect with which a soldier should regard a commissioned officer dressed in the insignia of his rank cannot be looked for by an officer loafing about in his shirt sleeves. Dignified and commanding deportment is not only consistent with the proper care of an officer for his men but any other fails to secure that respect which alone secures efficiency. Regimental commanders will hereafter cause the arrest of any officer who appears outside of his own tent or quarters not neatly clad and not wearing evidence of the rank he holds.

XVII. The general commanding the post is pained in observing the general want of respect paid by enlisted men to general, field, and line officers. The proper salute ordered by the regulations at the approach of a commissioned officer must hereafter be enforced. Men cannot be permitted to sit when a commissioned officer passes near them as if they were totally indifferent or regardless to his presence. Loud talking, profanity, boisterous conduct in the presence of an officer is a high military crime, and only be personal deference and respect to superior officers can we achieve success.

XVIII. In order that these instructions may be thoroughly published company commanders will be furnished with a copy to be read to the men in the company streets.

XIX. All officers are charged with the responsibility of carrying this order into effect and any disobedience will be reported to these headquarters and guilty parties prompt officers of the day will transmit this order to their successors.

By command of Brigadier General E. W. Hinks:

[C. H. LAWRENCE,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[APRIL 18, 1864. - For Fisk to Draper and Hayward, relative to treatment of bushwhackers, see Series I, Vol. XXXIV, Part III, p. 216.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 19, 1864.

Colonel JAMES A. HARDIE, Inspector-General, War Department:

COLONEL: I have recently received from Fort McHenry the inclosed copy of instructions in reference to the delivery of artificial limbs to prisoners of war, and I would respectfully inquire whether the permission thereby granted to furnish limbs is intended to cover all such applications or to be confined to the special case there presented.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

