
the reason that I knew that the enemy would select Major White. Upon receiving your indorsement I renewed my efforts. For more than a year the Federal authorities have been assured that a major would be given for Major Sanders if he were sent South. More than that I could not do without a departure from the principles that have governed exchanges.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

[Fourth indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 6, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War.

The action of the commissioner seems to have [gone] the full extent of the established policy.

J. DAVIS.

[Firth indorsement.]

Answer Mrs. Reid [Sanders] that attempts for the exchange of Major Sanders and those attempts have failed. The efforts of the commissioner for this purpose have gone as far as the policy of the Government would permit.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., August 26, 1864.

Colonel W. P. RICHARDSON,

Commanding Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 23rd instant in relation to articles sent to prisoners after the date of Circular, Numbers 4 is received, and in reply I have to say that such articles must be disposed of as the prisoners to whom they are sent may desire. They may be sold and the proceeds deposited to their credit, or they may be returned to the donor, if the expense is paid by the prisoner. Common suspender buttons may be sold to prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, JOHNSON'S ISLAND AND SANDUSKY,Johnson's Island, Ohio, August 26, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: IT is so apparently necessary that I should explain my delay in reporting upon some matters as commandant of this post that I propose to make the explanation a letter by itself. In the first place, since I assumed the command there have been no less than seven different regiments here for duty and two batteries. All of these regiments but two were newly organized and in the hands of officers mostly inexperienced. I had to look after them, as well as after the prisoners, and see to their discipline and instruction. I had no staff for the performance of duty usually devolved upon inspectors, ordnance officers, acting assistant adjutants-general, and aides-de-camp, except as I should detail from time to time, and of those detailed, inexperienced as

