
I took measures to secure the proper information, but have been absolutely unable to use it. It lies upon my files, and, though he is no longer sutler, with be considered when I come to levy the tax upon him, which I have not yet done for want of time to act with proper knowledge. As to the system of checks and the mode of sales in the prison by the sutler, I found it all in full operation just as it had been under Lieutenant-Colonel Pierson, Generals Terry, Shaler, and Colonel Bassett. I presume that what was being done had your acquiescence. As soon as I was informed to the contrary I took the earliest means to exclude the checks and have the sales all rest upon the proper orders. Inclosed please find a blank copy of the order introduced and now in use. * If I have not already stated it, as I think I have, let me say that the sending of a tri-monthly report of prisoners to you was a mistake of a clerk. Major-General Heintzelman had required a tri-monthly report of prisoners, and the clerk supposed that rule made it necessary to send you a tri-monthly report.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

BARRACKS, Numbers 3, SURGEON'S OFFICE,

Elmira, August 26, 1864.

Lieutenant LOUNSBERRY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Pursuant to your orders I examined in person the prisoners at the barracks, 9,300 in number, and found 793 cases of scurvy. I observed that the prisoners more recently from Point Lookout were more exempt from scurvy than the old ones. We may account for this either from the fact that our recent captures were from home guards, unaccustomed to the exposure and privations of a soldier's life, or from better diet at Point Lookout. I am inclined to believe it is partly from both. The prisoners at this station have prisoners' rations, with the addition of two rations per week of mixed vegetables. Scurvy has been on the increase. It would seem, therefore, that an increase of quantity and variety of antiscorbutics was called for to improve the standard of health and prevent an increase of scurvy. The scurvy existing does not arise from any sanitary neglect, if we except the sinks, which cannot be remedied without authority from Washington. I find it will be impossible to furnish antiscorbutics from the hospital fund for so large a number. It would require $300 per month for a single ration of potatoes daily for the scurvy cases. Our fund amounts to about $500, and we are drawing upon it largely at present to feed hospital patients. Without change of died we may reasonably expect an increase of scurvy. I would therefore suggest an extra issue of one ration per week of potatoes, cabbage, or onions to the prisoners for the present, and a daily issue to the scurvy cases. As soon as our straw comes we shall have accommodations for 400 patients in hospital. The total number who should receive hospital treatment is rising 500. Very many of these are scorbutic patients. The barracks put in our disposal will accommodate 200 for dietetic treatment, leaving 593 in quarters to receive daily issues to fresh vegetables in their quarters.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. F. SANGER,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, in Charge.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

