
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPOT FOR PRISONERS OF WAR,Elmira, N. Y., August 28, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Colonel William Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

As the hospital fund is not sufficient to supply the necessary amount of vegetables for the sick prisoners of war, I respectfully recommend that a supply be furnished from the prison fund, and that the sutler to prisoners be permitted to sell green vegetables to them during the time that scurvy prevails in camp. This will give great relief. The prisoners have plenty of money and will purchase these vegetables for themselves if permitted.

S. EASTMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Post.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 26, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: The rebel agent for exchange, Mr. Ould, in accepting a proposition for the exchange of Major Goff for Major Armesy, has proposed through Major Mulfrod, by date the 22nd instant, that "all prisoners of war on each side be released from confinement (close) or irons, as the case may be, and either placed in the condition of other prisoners or sent to their respective homes for their equivalents. "

In order to lay this subject properly before the Secretary of War I request to be informed whether we hold any rebel prisoners of war in close confinement or in irons other than those recently placed in that situation in retaliation for proceedings in the South touching Federal prisoners; and if so, please inform me upon what grounds or for what reasons they are so confined or in irons.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major General of Vols. and Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,August 26, 1864.

Rear-Admiral J. A. DAHLGREN,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to inform you that 600 rebel officers arrived here yesterday for the purpose of being placed under fire on Morris Island. I propose to take them up to-morrow morning between daylight and 10 o'clock. As the steamer on which they are confined is very much crowded I would respectfully request that you send one of your fleet with prison ship as a convoy.

It will be two or three days before the prisoners can be landed, and, if possible, I would like to have one of your gun-boats ordered to remain near the steamer until preparations are made for disembarking them.

I have the honor, admiral, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

