
Mr. Mallory. No proposition for an exchange of naval prisoners has ever been rejected. An unofficial letter from Mr. Fox to Commander Webb, sent forward by the latter, affords the only evidence received by the Secretary of the Navy of their willingness to exchange; and though the letter is unofficial, Mr. Mallory replied directly to Mr. Welles and accepted what he regarded as an offer to exchange all our naval officers. To guard against delay and misunderstanding he directed this letter to be delivered open to Commander Williams, U. S. Navy, and that he be released upon parole and sent through the enemy's fleet off Charleston to deliver it to Secretary Welles. Thus you will perceive that Lieutenant Thurston has been misinformed by the Secretary of the U. S. Navy, and that no effort has been spared by this Government to release from confinement our naval officers in the enemy's hands.

With sentiments of high respect and continued regard,

I am, very truly, &amp;c., respectfully, yours,

JEFF'N DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, August 27, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point:

GENERAL: * * * * I have directed General Canby to permit no more exchange of prisoners of war. That part of the cartel which authorized commanders to exchange on the field troops just captured, man for man, has been considered heretofore as still in effect. I do not see any objection to it, as it can give no advantage to either party, and saves our men from barbarous treatment by the rebels. To exchange their healthy men for ours, who are on the brink of the grave from their hellish treatment, of course gives them all the advantage. Nevertheless it seems very cruel to leave our men to be slowly but deliberately tortured to death. But I suppose there is no remedy at present.

* * * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., August 27, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have observed lately several paragraphs in newspapers purporting to represent statements made in the South by officers in the rebel army to Federal prisoners of war, importing that the rebel authorities have been willing to exchange prisoners of war, and that the fault in not making exchanges is with the Government of the United States.

I desire to say that, so far as I am informed and believe, this statement is essentially untrue. The question of exchanges continues to be, as I understand, precisely what it was when interrupted by the rebels themselves several months since.

You are aware that several months ago the duties connected with the business of exchange were committed by your orders to Major-General Butler, since which time I have had very little to do in the matter of exchanges, and have not been in communication with the rebel agent for exchange. I know, however, that Major-General Butler

---------------

*Portion here omitted does not relate to prisoners of war.

---------------

