
[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPOT PRISONERS OF WAR,Elmira, N. Y., September 5, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel William Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

S. EASTMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., September 10, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Colonel S. Eastman, commanding, Elmira, N. Y., and attention invited to instructions which require comments of the commanding officer. Explanations are required why the mess-house is in a filthy condition and why straw has not been provided for the sick. The report is very brief and imperfect.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Third indorsement.]

The causes of the filthy condition of the mess-house were: First, the building is in such constant use it is difficult to keep it tidy; and, second, there was a temporary neglect on the part of the officers in charge.

B. MUNGER,

Captain, Forty-fourth New York Volunteers, Inspector of Camp.

[Fourth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPOT OF PRISONERS,Elmira, N. Y., September 15, 1864.

Respectfully returned with indorsement of the inspector of prison camp.

Over 9,000 prisoners are fed daily in this mess-room, which leaves but a short time after meals to police it thoroughly. It is swept after every meal and washed as often as possible. Straw cannot be purchased here at this time. Hay will be used in place.

S. EASTMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPOT FOR PRISONERS OF WAR,Elmira, N. Y., August 28, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that the mess-room and kitchen for prisoners of war at this depot is too small to accommodate 10,000 men. The present mess-room will seat from 1,600 to 1,800, and it requires from two to three hours to feed 10,000. By erecting another mess-room and kitchen to accommodate from 1,000 to 1,200 they can be fed in half that time. A mess-room should also be made for the hospital. The surgeon has applied for it. There is a kitchen attached to the hospital, and will be ready for use as soon as the stoves are put in, which will be done in two or three days. Three wards for the sick

