
have been completed, and a wash-house. Three more wards are being built as fast as lumber can be obtained. When they are all up they will be insufficient for the number of sick now on the sick list.

I have also turned over to the surgeon in charge four barracks for hospital purposes. I would also request to be informed if any arrangement is to be made for winter quarters for prisoners of war, and the troops now guarding them, who are in tents. If so, it should be commenced immediately, owing to the difficulty of obtaining lumber at this point. If temporary barracks are not be erected I should recommend that Sibley tents be supplied in lieu of the common tent now used.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. EASTMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Depot.

U. S. MILITARY PRISON,

Camp Morton, Indianapolis, August 28, 1864.

Captain W. T. HARTZ,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions received from the Commissary-General of Prisoners, dated Washington, D. C., August 15, 1864, I have the honor to inclose herewith a report from Lieutenant J. W. Davidson, Veteran Reserve Corps, inspector of the camp, for the week ending August 27, 1864. Lieutenant Davidson is a very energetic and efficient officer and performs his duties thoroughly. The work of enlarging the camp is progressing rapidly and will, I trust, prove of great benefit as a sanitary measure.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. STEVENS,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

U. S. MILITARY PRISON,

Camp Morton, Indianapolis, August 28, 1864.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS,

Commanding Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have, in pursuance of your orders, carefully inspected the quarters, kitchens, grounds, sinks, bedding, and general condition of the prisoners of this camp daily during the week ending August 27, 1864, and find them as follows:

The quarters occupied by the prisoners are and have been kept in as good condition as quarters built as they are can be kept, but it is impossible to keep them in a perfect state of cleanliness for the reason that they are built low and on the ground, making a ground floor, which, by being constantly in use as they are by the filthiest set of men in the world, becomes perfectly saturated with saliva and other nuisance that is constantly being committed, and is damp all the time, especially in wet weather; and there being no undercurrent ventilation, there is an offensive odor constantly arising from the floor, which must eventually, from constantly inhaling it, cause more or less sickness; and to remedy this, the buildings should be raised at least two feet from the ground and good substantial floors put in them. They can

