
more water. The barracks all need ventilators in the roof. There should be issued immediately 700 entire suits of clothing and 1,500 blankets to make the prisoners comfortable. The prison hospital is in good condition and seems to be well supplied. The Federal hospital, I think, might be improved in regard to cleanliness. The guard-house is in bad condition, owing to the leakage of the water-works, and will be until the water-works are repaired.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. BRIGGS,

First Lieutenant, Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps,

and Special Inspector Camp Douglas.

FORT DELAWARE, DEL., August 28, 1864.

Captain GEORGE W. AHL, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following weekly report to condition, &amp;c., of prisoners of war confined at this post:

Camp, very good; quarters, good; general policing, good; bedding, good; clothing, clean and good; kitchens, good; rations, good; messing, excellent; sinks, good; drainage, good; hospital, excellent.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. LEWIS,

First Lieutenant and Inspecting Officer.

DEPOT OF PRISONERS OF WAR,

Near Sandusky, Ohio, August 28, 1864.

Captain JOHN LEWIS, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the condition of the prison and prisoners at this depot:

The condition of the prisoners' quarters (i. e., sleeping rooms) is almost universally good, but in the kitchens and mess-rooms of two or three blocks there is a want of proper policing. The difficulty of getting this work done without a resort to brute force to compel it is the greatest the superintendent has to contend with. The grounds are in very good order. The ditches, on account of the heavy rains of the last day or two, are partially obstructed, but will be immediately opened and put in good order. The sinks are in good order, most of them being recently removed to new ground and pits. The new mess-halls and kitchens are not yet quite ready for occupancy. When they are occupied there will be but little difficulty in keeping the barracks of the prisoners in proper order and cleanliness. I propose to put up bunks in the vacated kitchens and mess-rooms and fill them up as soon as the main halls are occupied. The difficulty of obtaining straw for the post and prisoners regularly leads me to recommend that none be issued to the prisoners except the hospital and exceptional cases of convalescents in the quarters. The sanitary condition of the prisoners is as follows: Whole number of prisoners, 2,556; number last report, 2,550; gain, 6; whole number of hospital, 61; number last report, 51; increase, 10.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. SCOVILL,

Lieutenant Colonel 128th Ohio Vol. Infty. and Superintendent of Prison.

