
turned over to me, via the U. S. fleet off Mobile? I would also propose the delivery on parole of the following officers and men, viz:

1. Some officers captured some fourteen months since at Port Hudson and since held in captivity in New Orleans. I am not aware what number of them still remain in your possession, as I was informed by yourself that you were about exchanging some of them with Colonel Scott, in Eastern Louisiana.

2. The officers and men of the Pelham Cadets, captured at Fort Gaines.

3. Lieutenant John M. Battle, First Alabama Battalion of Artillery, captured at Fort Gaines.

4. W. G. Richardson, paymaster steamer Selma, captured 4th of August, 1864.

5. Tucker and Road, Singer's company, captured at Fort Gaines.

I will deliver to you on parole equivalents for the above.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. R. CURELL,

Major and Assistant Commissioner for Exchange.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SAINT MARY'S DISTRICT, Numbers 46. Point Lookout, Md., August 29, 1864.

While the sentinels on post are to be held to a strict responsibility for their obedience to the orders they may received, they will also be held responsible for unauthorized act which they may commit. The wanton and unnecessary shooting at prisoners of war for slight offenses will be severely punished. The general good order which the prisoners of war at this post have observed entitles them to the protection of the Government, and any trifling or unimportant disobedience of a sentinel's orders on the part of a prisoner can be corrected in some other way than by shooting at him, by which the lives of others entirely innocent of any offense are endangered. Firing upon a prisoner can only justified in extreme cases, and when the offense is of a serious nature, leading to mutiny or disorder among the prisoners. The officer commanding the guard will be held responsible that the sentinels are fully instructed in all their duties, and in this respect particularly.

By command of Brigadier General James Barnes, commanding district:

C. H. DREW,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Camp Chase, near Columbus, Ohio, August 29, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: In accordance with your instructions I have the honor to forward you the report of the inspecting officer. Every effort has been made during the present summer to put the prisons and camp in a state of thorough repair. This has involved the almost entire rebuilding of the camp and prisons. The original structures having been put up in the spring of 1861 in a very temporary manner [were], nearly, if not quite, worn out and useless. Little or no attention had been ever given to the drainage or grading of the camp, so that in wet weather

