
it was literally afloat. All of this has been remedied, and I believe that by the middle of October we will have as good a camp as any other in the West. The new barracks in the prisons will soon be completed, and we will then have accommodations for at least 7,000 prisoners and their comfort and health sufficiently well secured. The prison barracks will probably be finished this week. A substantial fence twelve feet high with a parapet is being put up around the whole camp, which will aid materially in preserving discipline and in promoting cleanliness, and will be finished in about ten days. A large increase in the number of prisoners at this post has rendered our hospital accommodations insufficient, and I would suggest the propriety of remodeling and extending them. I would further suggest that printed forms for these weekly inspection reports to be furnished.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Commanding

[Inclosure.]

CAMP CHASE, OHIO, August 28, 1864.

Colonel W. P. RICHARDSON, Commandant of Post:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of an inspection made for the week ending August 27, 1864, in pursuance to Special Orders, Numbers 169, issued from post headquarters, Camp Chase, Ohio, concerning prisons and camp, in relation to personal cleanliness, clothing, bedding, quarters, kitchens, messing, sinks, policing of grounds, drainage, &amp;c.:

The prisoners present a healthy appearance, being very much improved since their arrival at this post, having comfortable clothing and good, healthy rations. Prison Numbers 1 has been vacant until recently, and is at present occupied by officers. The sinks and ditches are in a very bad condition, but a system of drainage and policing is in process which will soon render it in fine order. Prison Numbers 2 is in good condition with the exception of rubbish and lumber unavoidable in the construction of new barracks. It contains the hospitals, which are in very fine condition, clothing and bedding being frequently changed and kept clean and neat. Prison Numbers 3 is being furnished with new barracks and is consequently strewn with lumber and rubbish, but, like the other prisons, is being rapidly graded and drained. Almost the entire camp is undergoing a change, erecting new barracks, grading and draining the ground, cleaning the sinks, and improving the condition in every possible way.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

F. S. PARKER,

Captain Co. D, Eighty-eighth Ohio Vol. Infty. and Camp Inspector.

Weekly report of the condition of the military prisons of Saint Louis.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 29, 1864.

Condition of Gratiot Street Prison. - Buildings, good, but not exactly the proper place; sinks and yards, one of the sinks is leaking, but will be repaired to-morrow; kitchens and mess-rooms, very clean; cleanliness of prisoners, very satisfactory; quarters and bedding, very satisfactory; hospital, very clean and orderly.

