
Condition of Myrtle Street Prison. - Building will be much more suitable when the females will move to the new place; sinks and yards, pretty clean; kitchen and mess-rooms, clean; cleanliness of prisoners, satisfactory; quarters and bedding, pretty good.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON, Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: I was highly pleased with the condition of the Gratiot Street Prison for the week ending to-day. I found all the different apartments very clean and in good order. Myrtle Street Prison is also in as good condition as the poor facilities for cleanliness do permit, and to which I had the honor to refer in my former reports. As to some repairs which are needed and the arrangements of the law female departments, I shall have a consultation with the commandants of the prisons and their superintendent to-morrow and will report in due time.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

GUST. HEINRICHS,

Major and Inspector.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., August 40, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel William Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, with the remark that I have nothing to add to the report of Major Heinrichs, with all which I fully concur.

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, JOHNSON'S ISLAND AND SANDUSKY,Johnson's Island, Ohio, August 29, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: You will remember the authority given in your letter of last December to convert the old post hospital into officers' quarters and to build a new hospital. The first of these two propositions has been carried into effect, but not the last. I am informed by Captain Brooks, assistant quartermaster, that the lumber was obtained for the new hospital, but all, or nearly all, of it was taken for huts, tent floors, tent walls, bunks, and other uses by the brigade here last winter from the Army of the Potomac, so that when the command fell into my hands he had neither lumber nor money for a hospital. The matter, however, was taken in hand by Major-General Heintzelman. He caused an inspection by Doctor Tripler, medical director on his staff, and the result was an order for a plan and estimates for a post hospital, and the most confident assurances that such a hospital would be provided during the present season. As a temporary measure, and the best available, the sick of this command were placed in wall tents. Unfortunately these tents are worn, and without flies, so that they are unfit for the sick, except in fair weather. From the direction this matter has taken it did not appear to me to be either necessary or proper that I should trouble you with it. We have now reached a season of the year when the sick of this command should have adequate protection, and now the matter of the new post hospital comes back to us from Washington, by way of Columbus, in a letter from Doctor Tripler, announcing disapproval by the Honorable Secretary of War. The same letter conveyed

