
instructions to place Companies A and B of this regiment in the tents, and to convert their quarters into a post hospital temporarily. I therefore issued an order to carry that plan into effect, a copy of which is herewith inclosed. * It seems to me certain that there must be some great misapprehension on the part of the Secretary of War in relation to this subject, otherwise the desired order would have been granted. The building to be used is not only unfit in itself, but like the other barracks is in a locality deprived of the necessary quiet for the sick, and actually swarms with vermin, notwithstanding the liberal use of salt water, coal oil, and whitewash which the companies have resorted to. I come to you as one who from personal knowledge can see this matter in its true light and earnestly pray that you will do what may be necessary to give the sick of this command proper hospital accommodations.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., September 12, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War, with the recommendation that a suitable hospital be erected, to be paid for out of the prison found. The hospital originally built was calculated for a garrison of only two companies, and was wholly inadequate to the present garrison of a regiment.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Second indorsement.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 12, 1864.

The Secretary of War authorizes the building of a hospital.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

OFFICE FOR EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Mobile, August 30, 1864.

Colonel C. C. DWIGHT,

Agent of Exchange Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: Your communication to Lieutenant Colonel N. G. Watts, dated August 23, 1864, was only received to-day, and I am directed to state in reply that he accepts the terms and arrangements which you propose therein.

Inclosed you will find a communication+ for Major Ig. Szymanski which will facilitate the prompt execution of your agreement.

In the execution of my duties as assistant commissioner of exchange for this district I addressed a communication to you yesterday asking for the delivery of the surgeons taken at Forts Gaines and Morgan. I wrote and sent this before the receipt of your letter to Lieutenant-Colonel Watts, in which you mention that these surgeons are ordered to be sent to Pascagoula by the first flag-of-truce boat.

---------------

*Omitted.

+Not found.

---------------

