
I sent you a list of those captured at the forts. I omitted those taken from the fleet. I trust they will be included in your delivery.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. R. CURELL,

Major and Assistant Commissioner of Exchange.

Colonel George C. Gibbs, commanding at Macon, Ga., relative to remark made by General Stoneman after his surrender to the effect that any of his men might cut their way out if they felt disposed. *

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 30, 1864.

Returned to Honorable Secretary of War.

I do not think the facts are stated with such certainty and precision as will enable us to make this a matter of protest. It is clear that after a surrender (unless a parole to the contrary is given) a party is justified in making an escape. Was there not something of this sort at Fort Donelson early in the war? I do not pretend to say how much violence the surrendered party may use in the attempt. The Federals allege that Captain seems made his escape after surrender. This statement does not aver that the escaping party used any violence. The name of the writer is not given. I think it is clear that it is the duty of the captor to reduce his captures into possession and properly guard them. If this is not done and there is no special parole he cannot complain if they escape. If a surrender is tendered and anything is done inconsistent with it the transgressing party can be punished if caught.

[RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.]

Major General Samuel Jones, headquarters Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, inclosed letter from Rear-Admiral Dahlgren relative to the capture of citizens at McIntosh Court-House, Ga. (three inclosures), viz, Dahlgren's letter, his reply, and list of citizens. +

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 30, 1864.

Returned to the Honorable Secretary of War.

I look upon special exchanges of citizens as being, if anything, more objectionable than special exchanges of officers and soldiers. Under any such system we are at the mercy of the enemy. All such matters should be decided by principle, and I believe if we hold on to the position we have taken in such cases we will ultimately succeed. If these parties were soldiers and not citizens, then they can claim no privilege over their brethren who have been captured on the battle-field.

[RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.]

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 250. Washington, August 31, 1864.

Rolls of prisoners of war.

Commanders of departments will furnish to the Commissary-General of Prisoners full rolls of all Federal prisoners of war received by

---------------

*Gibbs' communication not found.

+For Jones' letter, see August 16, p. 599; the other inclosures not found with War Department records.

---------------

