
them, either on parole or by exchange, and also of all rebel prisoners of war held by them at temporary depots, or who been exchanged by them.

The rolls, besides giving the rank, regiment, and company of each prisoner, and when and where captured, should state also the time and place of parole or exchange. It should also be stated at the foot of the roll under what special agreement or understanding the paroling or exchange is made.

Commanders of departments or armies in the field will furnish to the office of the Commissary-General of Prisoners, whenever it is practicable, rolls of Federal troops captured by the enemy, giving the rank, regiment, and company, and the time and place of capture. If known to be wounded this should be so stated under the head of remarks.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., August 31, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

COLONEL: By direction of Major-General Halleck, chief of staff, your attention is called to the following extract from inspection report of the Northern Department for the month of July, 1864, to wit:

CAMP DOUGLAS, ILL.

The prisoners of war in this have been furnished with large caldrons or Hutler's boilers, to be used for cooking purposes. It would be a matter of economy to the Government to place cooking-stoves in the kitchen used by the prisoners, or even common camp-kettles would be preferable. There are a few cases of smallpox among the prisoners. The pest-houses are located too near to the camp, being 600 feet of the outer line of fence. There appears to be more than usual discontented feeling among the prisoners of war and a disposition, especially on the part of the Kentucky prisoners, to escape.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT N. SCOTT,

Captain, Fourth U. S. Infantry, and Aide-de-Camp.

[AUGUST 31, 1864. -For report of prisoners of war and deserters from the Confederate Army received and disposed of in the Department of the Cumberland during August, 1864, see Series I, Vol. XXXVIII, Part I, p. 170.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., August 31, 1864.

His Excellency M. L. BONHAM,

Governor of South Carolina, Columbia, S. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of the 23rd instant relative to the disposition of negroes captured in arms from the enemy. The embarrassments attending this question and the serious consequences which might ensue from the rigid enforcement of the act of Congress originally passed on the subject, have co-operated with the objections which have been made by the authorities of some of the States to receive negroes directed to be turned over to them, and with the inability, when they have been turned over, to obtain criminal

