
the steams are nearly all in the midst of cedar marshes, or, if running, through piney woods. The timber is not abundant less than four miles from the river.

In regard to the Mississippi Railroad and its branches to Marion and Newborn, the whole country is a rich loam in prairie land, affording no sufficient timber. On the Alabama and Tennessee River Railroad, as far up as Randolph, sixty miles, I have examined, and find the country much better adapted to the purpose; too high up, I think, would be dangerous, as it would be apt to attract raids, &amp;c.

The best point I find on this road is on the land of Doctor Harvell, some twenty-five miles from Selma. Within a little over a quarter of a mile (within plain sight) of the railroad is a stream making from springs in the piney wood hills. It has nearly the volume of water of the stream at Andersonville, if anything, more rapid, never goes dry, and empties into the Mulberry, a large stream which has steep banks, and in the winter is full and swollen, or during the freshest. Where the stream selected empties into the Mulberry is not more than half a mile from the point I have chosen. The smaller stream has no name, but at the point selected pretty bold hills make gradually down, and the country is covered with pine timber. There is no station or switch on the road at this point. Three miles this side is a station called Jones' Switch, and two miles and a half the other side is a station and switch called Plantersville.

At a place thirty miles from Selma is a very eligible point in some respects, particularly as to water, but timber would have to be hauled some mile and a half, and on account of overflow on one side the stockade would have to run down to the creek (Bogle Creek), and a causeway would have to be built at one end for the guard.

General Withers, commanding reserves, is here, and learned from the quartermaster to whom I went to get transportation and to make inquiries the nature of my business. He asked me a number of questions about it, and since my return from the inspection I have again met him, and then inquired of the point I had selected. He objects to it entirely on account of attracting raids and exposing this important coal and iron region to the enemy. He of course does not blame my selection, under my instruction, but earnestly suggested a point on the north side of the Alabama River near the fork of the Tombigbee, or at Union Springs, near Montgomery. In regard to the first point suggested by him, inquiry was made in his presence of an intelligent man whom he sent for, and the result was as I have reported above, viz, that the timber was not near enough to the streams were suitable, and most of the streams were lined with canebrake, swamps, or marshes. He will earnestly write to the President objecting to any point, within the region of my instructions, around Selma. He so stated.

The mail goes early in the morning, and without gas at the quarter-master's office and darkness coming on I must close.

Very respectfully,

E. GRISWOLD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 7, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Adjutant and Inspector General, in connection with my two letters of the 27th and 28th of August on the same subject.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

