
Upon the receipt of Mr. Winder's first letter I expressed the opinion that the rebels would not assent to his proposition, which was communicated to Mr. Winder; but I find in his second letter Mr. Winder is decidedly of the opinion that his plan is practicable and can be carried out.

My opinion remains unchanged, but I beg to say that I would not, upon any account, have that opinion stand in the way of any reasonable effort designed for the relief of our suffering prisoners in the South, and I therefore respectfully request that a decision may be made on this proposition, irrespective of my opinion.

I through Mr. Winder was mistaken in supposing that the rebel authorities would consent to assume the expenses attendant upon the support of their troops in our hands when they know that their soldiers in our hands receive the treatment due to prisoners of war in civilized nations, to wit, clothing, food, and shelter, with both medicines and medical attendance whenever required, free of all charge to the rebel authorities. I further thought he was mistaken in supposing that the same authorities would consent to the relief of prisoners of war in their hands when we have so many evidences that it is a part of the policy of the South to act upon the sympathies of the North by distressing Northern men in their hands, though this is done in open violation of the laws of war and of humanity. One object of the rebel authorities is, through popular opinion in the North, to induce the Government to send a whole army of rebels to General Lee for immediate service, when they know that within a few weeks past they were indebted to us, as shown by careful statements made by the Commissary-General of Prisoners, over 34,000 men, who ought now to be delivered to us, instead of being retained, as they are, prisoners in the South.

In view of Mr. Winder's letter I gave the opinion, which I still entertain, that there is but one way by which relief can reach our men prisoners in the South, and that is through the success of Federal arms.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major General of Volunteers, Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 1, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 18th ultimo, inclosing extract from Richmond Examiner, stating that the rebel officers sent to me were not placed under fire and directing me to report if the statement be true.

In reply I have the honor to state that the report is true; they were not placed under fire for the following reasons, viz: When the prisoners were sent to me to be exposed to the fire of the enemy's guns I also received instructions from yourself charging me to use every precaution to prevent any from escaping. Having no secure place in which to put these prisoners I immediately gave instructions to have strong jails made for them to be placed on Morris Island. Owing to the difficulty of having these jails built it took some time to accomplish it, as they had to be made at Hilton Head, taken apart, and sent to Morris Island, where, in consequence of the exposed position of the place

