
I entreat you to give this subject your early attention, so that we may know what to look forward to in the future. And if it be possible to do anything which will restore our Winchester gentlemen to their homes I sincerely hope it will be done.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD PARKER.

[Indorsement.]

Noted. I do not differ materially in opinion. File.

J. A. S.

CAMP MORTON, IND., April 20, 1864.

Colonel JAMES A. HARDIE, Inspector-General U. S. Army:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind.:

Commanding officer, Colonel A. A. Stevens, Fifth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps. Colonel Stevens in intelligent, of good habits, and competent to fill the position he occupies, but does not fully understand the proper management of the prisoners.

There is not that order, discipline, and cleanliness within the prison quarters which is desirable, and which is in marked contrast to the well-policed grounds, clean barracks, and efficient discipline of the garrison, which consists of the Fifth and Eighteenth Regiments and three unassigned companies of the Veteran Reserve Corps.

Sutler for prisoners appointed by commanding officer; sells pies, cakes, soda water, candies. Sutler for Fifth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps appointed by regimental commissary; sells pies, candies, cakes, ale, lager beer, &amp;c. No list of prices posted up.

No pecuniary transactions discovered between officers and sutlers or persons furnishing supplies for prisoners. Clothing, food, and health of prisoners good. The barracks are bad, without floors, and not sufficiently clean. The prison fence is low, the frame-work on the inner side requiring a much stronger guard than if properly constructed. The prisoners are well secured. Hospital well constructed. No deaths from smallpox this month.

No post or regimental funds. Company savings accounted for.

Acting post quartermaster, commissary, and treasurer of prison funds, Captain N. Shurtleff, Veteran Reserve Corps.

Prison funds April 20, $6,860. 17; subsistence fund April 20, $64. 42. Counted and found correct. Purchases for prisoners made at fair rates and business carefully transacted. Stores good and not in excess. Money sent to prisoners accounted for intelligibly.

The garrison can be reduced 25 per cent.

Number of prisoners April 20, 2,531.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. MARSH,

Lieutenant Colonel Twenty-fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, April 29, 1864.

Copy respectfully furnished for the information of Colonel Hoffman.

Colonel A. A. Stevens has been directed to take immediate and sufficient measures to cause a thorough and complete cleansing of the quarters

