
OFFICE SURGEON IN CHARGE C. S. MIL. PRISON HOSPITAL,

Andersonville, Ga., September 1, 1864.

S. P. MOORE, Surgeon-General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Having been assigned to duty in charge of the C. S. military prison hospital at this place, and finding no building of any character whatever for the accommodation of the sick and wounded, I respectfully submit to your consideration the accompanying plan of a series of sheds for the accommodation of the sick and wounded, covering a space of ground 450 by 900 feet.

These sheds can be erected very rapidly and with but little expense to the Government. I propose to make these sheds 100 feet long, 22 feet wide, and 8 fee high at the eaves; posts set in the ground, with a streamer running the entire length of the building, 12 inches from the eaves, to which is attached an awning made from old tents, of which any quantity can be procured. This at once gives a ward that will contain fifty patients (the awning to be raised or lowered at pleasure) in a well-ventilated room.

I propose to erect forty of these sheds, giving ten to the division, with a capacity of 500 patients to the divisions, or 2,000 to the hospital.

I also propose a cooking, baking, and convalescent dining-room to each division, with one special diet kitchen and laundry to the whole hospital, the whole to be inclosed with a stockade. Outside the stockade I propose to erect a suitable depot building for the reception of commissary stores, medicines, &amp;c.

A hospital of this description can be erected at this post, or any other where lumber and material are so easily procured, with much less cost to the Government than by any other means.

While tents may answer for temporary purpose I am opposed to using them for permanent hospitals it being a matter of impossibility to keep them properly policed.

Hoping that this plan may meet with your favorable consideration and that I will receive your co-operation on this subject.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. STEVENSON,

Surgeon in Charge.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 2, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff U. S. Army:

GENERAL: Three of the rebel officers, prisoners of war, who were lately sent to me to be placed under fire at Charleston Harbor as a retaliatory measure, have asked permission to take the oath of allegiance and avail themselves of the President's amnesty proclamation.

Owing to the peculiar purpose for which they were sent to me I have declined acceding to their request until I could refer the matter to you for decision.

Respectfully asking your instructions, I am, your most obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

