HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 2, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that the rebel prisoners of war were taken to Morris Island day before yesterday. The vessel in which they are is under fire.

The stockaded inclosure on land will be ready for them in a day or two, when they will be placed in it. This inclosure is situated between Forts Putnam (Gregg) and Strong (Wagner). I have made every preparation to securely guard the prisoners. As an additional precaution I shall arrange some schooners off the island and under the guns of the fleet, in which the prisoners may be placed if there be at any time suspicious indications of an attempt at escape or rescue.

I have besides made arrangements to send every man that can be spared to re-enforce the garrison of Morris Island.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 2, 1864.

Brigadier General R. SAXTON,

Commanding Northern District, Department of the South:

GENERAL: The following instructions for your information and guidance while in command of the Northern District of this department will be strictly carried out: The custody and safe-keeping of the rebel prisoners of war. These are to be placed in the stockade inclosure in front of Fort Strong, and will be carefully guarded under a strong guard, sufficient to prevent any possibility of escape or rescue. They will habitually be kept in this inclosure so as to be exposed to the enemy's fire. The guard and sentries must be protected as far as possible from splinters and shells. For this purpose the carpenters may erect for each sentinel a splinter proof like a sentry box, and the main guard or reserve may erect for themselves splinter-proof shelters. Should occasion arise when it becomes apparent that there is a plot on foot for the escape, or plan for the rescue of these prisoners, you are authorized to place the whole or a portion of them, temporarily, for a night or so, on board schooners that will be arranged for the purpose and sent to you. These schooners are to be anchored close under the guns of Fort Strong, and the prisoners can be conveyed readily to and from them by an arrangement similar to a rope ferry. To meet the increased guard called for by the presence of these prisoners the Fifty-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers is placed under your command, to be taken to Morris Island, and in addition seven companies of the One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, with its headquarters.

A second point, to which your attention is especially called, is the renovation, refitting, and remounting of guns, and the careful guarding of the front batteries, particularly Battery Putnam. I desire that this battery may have, as soon as possible, a strong and new palisading put up all around its front, the rear to be inclosed with a strong stockade instead of an infantry parapet. The engineers have already received orders to do this work and the palisading is now being got our by the quartermaster's department at this place, and will be sent up as soon as possible. I expect you to see that this work is carried forward as rapidly as possible after the material arrives. If additional carpenters

