
are required to complete this work, requisition must be made in time for them to be sent.

The new naval battery adjoining Fort Putnam will be completed as rapidly as practicable.

The ammunition for it and the other batteries will be taken to the front as fast as you can with the teams you have at your disposal. I would suggest that both of the white regiments now sent up be encamped on Morris Island, and as near to the front as safety will permit. The ice on board the Voltigeur intended for Morris Island must be taken off as rapidly as possible, and the vessel sent here to have the remainder of her cargo removed, as she is intended as one of the vessels for the prisoners of war.

The plans of Brigadier General A. Schimmelfenning and his disposition are so good generally, and based on such good information and sound judgment, that I desire that they may be considered as standing rules for your government and invite you to a full consultation with him in order to get all his views and plans.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 208. Richmond, September 2, 1864.

* *

XVI. The following-named officers are assigned to duty with Brigadier General John H. Winder, commanding, &amp;c., Andersonville, Ga., and will report accordingly: Captain W. H. Jenifer, Provisional Army, C. S., cavalry; Major C. L. Sayre, assistant inspector-general, Provisional Army, C. S. ; Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Bondurant, Provisional Army, C. S.

* *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, September 2, 1864.

Major-General GILMER,

Chief of Engineer Department, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: By direction of the Secretary of War the following extract from inspection report of Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler, of Andersonville, Ga., and the report referred to in the extract are submitted to you:

At my request a survey of the grounds has been made by Colonel Harkie, Fifty-fifth Georgia Regiment, and civil engineer, with a view to drainage. His report is herewith submitted, with a recommendation that his plan be carried out by the Engineer Department; that being the only one authorized to impress the necessary labor. The necessity of it is urgent.

The Secretary of War also directs that you will appoint a suitable officer of your department to carry out the suggestions contained in the accompanying report, referred to in the above extract, unless in your opinion the officer already on duty at that point is capable, in which case you will issue the necessary directions, provided he can be spared from his present duties.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

