
CIRCULAR.] OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., September 3, 1864.

In pursuance of instructions received from the Secretary of War all prisoners of war now held in close confinement or irons will be immediately released from such confinement and placed on the footing of other prisoners of war. This order relates only to prisoners of war. Please furnish a list to this office of all prisoners in your charge covered by this order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. HOFFMAN,

Colonel and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

By G. BLAGDEN,

Major Second Mass. Cav., Asst. to Com. General of Prisoners,

In the absence of Colonel Hoffman.

(Copies of the foregoing circular sent to Colonel J. P. Sanderson, provost-marshal-general, Saint Louis, Mo. ; Brigadier General A. Schoepf, commanding Fort Delaware, Del. ; Brigadier General W. W. Morris, commanding Fort McHenry, Baltimore, Md. ; Brigadier General J. T. Copeland, commanding military prison, Alton, Ill. ; Colonel C. W. Hill, commanding Johnson's Island, Ohio; Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke, commanding Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor; Major Stephen Cabot, commanding Fort Warren, Boston Harbor.)

U. S. FLAG-SHIP HARTFORD,

Mobile Bay, September 3, 1864.

Colonel DWIGHT,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners, New Orleans:

SIR: I have received authority from the Navy Department to effect, if possible, exchanged for the officers and men of our Navy now prisoners of war in Texas. May I ask whether you have as yet taken any steps for this purpose? If not, I will myself open negotiation with General Magruder and effect the exchange.

Very respectfully,

D. G. FARRAGUT,

Rear-Admiral.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., September 3, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: By date of the 22nd ultimo a proposition from Colonel Ould was communicated through Major Muflrod in the following words, to wit, that-

All prisoners of war on each side be released from confinement (close) or irons, as the case may be, and either placed in the condition of other prisoners or sent to their respective homes for their equivalents.

This proposition has been accepted by the Secretary of War, and Major Mulford has been so advised in order that he may communicate the same to Colonel Ould, who will also be informed of these instructions to yourself, which require that you take immediate measures to give effect to the proposition upon our side, there being no necessity

