
for delay, by placing on the footing of other prisoners of war all such prisoners as are held in close confinement or in irons.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major General of Volunteers, Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.

Note by Colonel Hoffman-

General H[itchcock] informs me verbally that this order applies to the spies at Johnson's Island and to all similar cases.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 3, 1864.

Major JOHN E. MULFORD:

SIR: The proposition by Colonel Ould of the 22nd ultimo, indorsed upon a communication from yourself transmitted to this office, in the following words, to wit, that-

All prisoners of war on each side be released from confinement (close) or irons, as the case may be, and either placed in the condition of other prisoners or sent to their respective homes for their equivalents-

has been submitted this morning to the Secretary of War, who directs that it be accepted.

Orders have been sent to Colonel Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, to give immediate effect on our part to this accepted proposition; and you are requested so to advise Colonel ould, in order that no time may be lost in carrying the proposition into effect on his part.

There has been some delay here in order to make the necessary inquiries to ascertain the individuals to be affected by the proposition; and I learn of but three prisoners on our side in the condition presumed by the proposition, to wit, Daniel Davis, a lieutenant under sentence of a military court; Frank Battle, a captain under special instructions from the Commissary-General of Prisoners, and William McBlair, temporarily confined for an attempt to elude a hospital guard. You can furnish Colonel Ould with this statement, as an answer to his inquiry on the subject.

We shall expect, of course, to be informed within reasonable time of the full completion of this business on the part of Colonel Ould, and that all prisoners of war held in close confinement or in irons in the South are placed in the condition of other prisoners.

I take this occasion to remark that Colonel Ould appears to have been under a misapprehension with regard to the number of prisoners of war held in close confinement on this side, as well as the reasons governing particular cases.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major General of Volunteers, Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,(Received Hdqrs. Dist. of West Tenn., September 3, 1864.)

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Memphis, Tenn.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your letter of 17th instant, per flag of truce in charge of Lieutenant Kinzie.

On the 14th I sent you, per flag of truce in charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Pitman, a proposition to exchange Colonel McKeaig and other

