
of July 28 are to be put at the disposal of Major-General Canby for exchange, in accordance with the provisions of those articles. * I will give you prompt notice of the time when I can deliver these prisoners to you.

I take pleasure in informing you that all the civilian prisoners held by us, to whose cases you have called my attention, have been released and permitted to return to their homes except Doctor Ball, who is under sentence of a military court, and I trust that no cause will be found to exist for a further detention of the numerous civilians held as prisoners in your department.

In regard to the selection of prisoners to be exchanged by you, I have only to ask that command, regiments, &amp;c. shall not be divided and (as a personal favor) that you will exchange the few men whom you have of my own regiment, the One hundred and sixtieth New York.

I inclose a few letters which you will please to have delivered.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. D. DWIGHT,

Agent of Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,Saint Louis, Mo., September 3, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

MAJOR: I forward herewith additional reports and statements for your information in relation to the Order of American Knights.

I. Letters of Edward F. Hoffman, marked A.

II. Letters of Edward F. Hoffman, marked B.

III. Letters of Edward F. Hoffman, marked C.

IV. Report of William Taylor, marked D.

V. Affidavit of John D. Campbell, marked E.

VI. Affidavit of Andrew Kirkpatrick, marked F.

VII. Affidavit of John Shore, marked G.

VIII. Translation of a letter written in cipher by one James M. Utz, known to belong to the rebel army, but secreted in Saint Louis, and acting as a spy. The letter was found among a number of others in a rebel mail captured a few weeks since, and is marked H.

IX. Another affidavit of Andrew Kirkpatrick, marked I.

X. Affidavit of Riley Whiting, marked J, in which he admits that his first statement, made under oath, in regard to the order, was not true; yet still declines to reveal the secrets of the Order of American Knights because he regards the oath of the order as binding upon his conscience and of paramount consideration to the oath prescribed and administered by civil and military authority.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[Inclosures.]

A.

HAMILTON, BUTLER COUNTY, OHIO, June 19, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that in obedience to your instructions I left Cincinnati, Ohio, on yesterday and arrived here in the evening, stopping at the Straub House.

---------------

*See August 20, p. 625.

---------------

