
After having written to you yesterday I resolved to make John H. McCormick "prove his faith by his works. " About 3 p. m. yesterday I called on him, told I had got it all arranged to get my men (for the rebel army) into Kentucky, but that I needed a little money. He asked me how much I needed. I was afraid he would flinch and made it only $5 or $10. He threw me out a $10 greenback, remarking, as he replaced his pocketbook, "$2,000 would not replace the money that has come out of this old book in cases of this kind. The last time I gave $120. But what is money? This cause must be supported. " Until then I through McC. knew much that he was withholding from me. But I think differently now. I think I have his full confidence. When a rebel gives you money it is an evidence of confidence.

I must call your attention again to this system of transportation for persons performing, as I am, special duty for Government. When I was ready to leave Cincinnati I presented my pass (signed by Colonel Parsons) to the general ticket agent on Vine, between Third and Fourth streets, for military tickets to Detroit. He said I should apply to the depot agent. When I got there he would not exchange for it, saying that I should have exchanged it in Saint Louis. As there were many standing by I would not press the case and become conspicuous. So I took seat in the train, trusting to the conductor. Now, all of these conductors in Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois are rotten copperheads generally. I believe I told you a short time since what Wiehl and Glandon had to say of those between Columbus and Cincinnati. But what has a detective to hope from a conductor on a "Cincinnati, Hamilton and Dayton" train? One hint from him and you are powerless. I always believed that the conductor from Jeffersonville, Ind., "blowed" one me to parties in Indianapolis. They have your named and business, for you are in citizen's dress, and what other 'special service" is it presumed you are engaged in? Well, when the conductor came to me he had to parley with me and took over my transportation pass, and from his protracted conversation and display of the pass I had little to hope for here.

Allow me to insist on having this trouble and risk of exposure obviated. if I am exposed in such manner I am rendered impotent and the Government is the sufferer. When I leave here for Dayton I will have to pay my own fare in money to prevent exposure. I cannot take any such risks. If you were here and could see the efforts they make to find out all the Government is doing, how many rotten men there are in places of trust, you would not have me make any unnecessary risks, I know.

This is the Sabbath. I have given you the foregoing to conclude my Cincinnati investigation. I had hoped to prove fortunate in my efforts here, but my anticipations have been more than realized. I have started well. I have met fraternal brothers who have recognized me, and who are now applying the acids of test. My first proselyte is a busy, ambitious, local politician named James Shears. I met him at my hotel. He recognized me according to the Indiana standard. He says strangers have to make the advance. He inquired particularly if we have State organization in Missouri.

He introduced me to Mr. Long, "all right," editor or proprietor of the German newspaper here. They say the Germans are not as sound 'peace Democrats" as they might be. Got acquainted with James McBride, a man of excellent family and a strong Democrat, but not of much influence from dissipation. Shears estimates the strength at present of the organization at 108,000 in Ohio; says they could add

