
Wilson says they have now the spirit and have only to clothe it with the "flesh and blood. " He intimated to me that this confederacy has now a "provisional government," all its officers, departments, bureaus, &amp;c., in secret operation and only waiting for a proper time to proclaim itself to the world. But unless driven to it they think the time has not yet arrived. The nation has not exhausted herself yet sufficiently. The rebellion must be protracted, the money depreciate more, discontent and anarchy get a wider range, the Army become less powerful, confidence destroyed, then is this new confederacy to spring up as if by magic. This is their hope and their idol. They are satisfied that the South will yet be recognized; but their aid to the South is now only to help themselves. They say encouragement to the South is aid to this new confederacy.

They all urge retaliation toward Government. If one of their men is arrested take the life and destroy the property of leading abolitionists. But at this time they do not with to be the aggressors; they court persecution. Say it will make them a cause. But they must have "an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth. "

Was introduced to Mr. Troutman, the 'senior of the council. " He is the big gun. He is a grave, quiet, sensible man. He confirms the above. He is V. 's particular friend. He had visited him at Windsor, Canada. He says V. has already received from his friends in Ohio $100,000. He says the Democrats are poor and the Abolitionists shall be so yet. V. 's friends telegraphed from here to his wife and others of his arrival here, and to send carriage to depot for him, but she nor they would not believe it until he arrived at Dayton. Troutman says people North are just beginning to reflect. As long as Enquirer is barred from Kentucky no other Cincinnati papers are to be bought here. The True Telegraph is the rebel paper here. They are all proud of Illinois. Her organization is perfect. Val. is to remain quiet until after Chicago Convention. His friends were afraid to invite him home sooner. But when he has come they intend to protect him.

I was introduced to many others to-day, but forget their names. Many little points of information I cannot, where so much has been said, now think of.

Truly and respectfully,

E. F. H.

HAMILTON, BUTLER COUNTY, OHIO, June 21, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON, U. S. Army, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to communicate that I have been most fortunate in my efforts here, and am pursuing a policy from which I expect to realize much in the sequel. Not having had the advantage of regular tutoring in this secret order I miss many things in communicating with my brethren. Of course they detect my imperfections and it creates distrust. This I have to overcome by arguing that it is done so and so where I hail from. But many things have changed recently, through the old principles are the same here as in Missouri, Kentucky, and Indiana. To show you its identity I will quote Doctor Garver's language when he introduced me to Troutman. Said he: "Mr. H--n is from the West, traveling east. " "What are you looking for?" said T. I told him, "Truth. " You cannot fail to recollect where this language is to be found. This proves its identity, if proof were necessary. Mr. T. says that Mr. Develin, of Indiana, an old

