
HAMILTON, BUTLER COUNTY, OHIO, June 22, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to state that I had high hopes of success and usefulness when I closed my communication of yesterday. In that I spoke of my man Shears. In all my operations, at each point where I have been, I have fortunately touched the right man first. For instance (and it is strange), I have only to notice Thornton at Louisville, Lewis at Indianapolis, Wiehl at Cincinnati, and Shears at Hamilton. They are all men who pleased me before I approached them, and have been my bases of operations wherever I have been. I had great hope in Shears and I have not been disappointed.

To-day, as I felt assured he would, he came to see me. I told him I had discovered a little coldness on the part of some, for which I felt a little indignant and had resolved not to trouble any of the brethren any further; that as soon as I arranged my business I would leave without seeing them again; that I knew I was all right, and I thought he knew so. This reinstated Shears and his fears dissipated. He then went on and gave me all the changes that have taken place recently. The name of the organization has been changed. Its proper name now is, "Sons of Liberty. " The position for recognition and for passing the "guardians" at the different passages in the council rooms have been modified. He gave me the "password" for the first guardian which is used in this State. The parent council is at Columbus, Ohio, with branches in each county in the State. There is a higher and more secret part of it than is know to any but leaders. He told me I could not get it without going to Columbus for it. Said the password for the third degree would cost me $3; but I have all that they have here.

I am now pretty well convinced that they will make no effort at revolution yet if they are left without excuse. If they could elect the nominee of the Chicago Convention it might appease them; if they fail they will be for revolution. Of if anything should transpire to afford them an excuse, or make their cause appear a just one, then they will muster their forces for revolution and a Northwestern or Western confederacy. They are not ready quite yet. I explained the reasons yesterday.

I was introduced to-day to Judge Vance, also to Mr. Dalton, clerk county court, and to Charles Snyder, an old citizen and man of influence. These are all leading "butternuts" in Butler County. Dalton is an irishman and Roman Catholic. He spoke very disrespectfully of General Rosecrans and says: "Vallandigham is not radical (Rebel) enough for me. " He says he quarreled a short time since with the Archbishop of Cincinnati on account of politics. Vance is a dangerous traitor. Snyder is old but very popular. I was also introduced to Mr. McClellan, of Cincinnati, by Dr. John S. Garver, who says he (M.) "is a great butternut. "

I would have left this place ere now, but I was waiting for the reaction in the feelings of those I have been pursuing. Besides, I want to procure letters of introduction to V. I want to see him. I think I will be able to procure them.

Shears has been around among the "brethren" since our interview and has brushed away all their fears. They all look satisfied. I tell them that I am highly pleased with Hamilton, and if I cannot succeed them that I am highly pleased with Hamilton, and if I cannot succeed in getting back to Missouri, a thing which my friends their are endeavoring to effect for me, that I shall return here and make it my

