
place of abode. This flatters them. They say Butler County is the South Carolina of the North.

I will leave for Dayton to-morrow.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

E. F. H.

DAYTON, OHIO, June 23, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON, U. S. Army, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to state to you that, having completed the object of my mission at Hamilton, Ohio, I left that point this afternoon and came here, stopping at the Phillips House. Fearing detection from persons on the train, besides the conductor, I did not present my transportation but paid my fare in money. Just before leaving Hamilton I mailed to you in one envelope my daily reports for the 19th, 20th, 21st, and 22d, inclusive. In one of them I explain the cause of delay. I should be greatly disappointed if you were to fail to receive them. I could never rewrite them. They are the most important I ever sent you. They contain invaluable information to the Government.

In my report of yesterday I spoke of procuring a letter of introduction to Vallandigham. I succeeded in this to-day. The following is a literal copy of it.

HAMILTON, June 23.

Honorable C. L. VALLANDIGHAM:

DEAR SIR: The bearer, Mr. Edward F. Hoffman, desires an interview with you. He is a resident of Missouri and is well posted. Any favor shown him will confer a favor on

Your friends,

J. TROUTMAN.

JOHN S. GARVER.

You will have no trouble in attaching the meaning to the phrase "well posted. " The above is a strong evidence of faith. In that sense, and that only, I am proud of it. So if I have no bad luck I have a calm sea before me in Dayton. If I possibly can I will preserve the original of this paper. I succeeded before leaving Hamilton in eliciting the name of the chief of this organization in Ohio. His name is Massey, and he is a son-in-law of Sam. Medary, and resides in Columbus, Ohio. Shears gave me this and says that J. Troutman (his name is to the above letter) is at the head of the Butler County organization. Garver travels to proselyte for the order.

When offering my report on the condition of things in Cincinnati I told you my impression was that this organization did not prevail there yet to any great extent. My convictions were correct, from what I learned at Hamilton. The H. men say Cincinnati Democrats (Democrat is only a loyal word for rebel) are all for greenbacks and have no principles. They hate them. But I think the order is rapidly increasing in Cincinnati.

To a member of the "Sons of Liberty" the efforts of the Democrats press of the Northwest or West are very easily comprehended. I subjoin a few extracts clipped from the (Hamilton, Ohio) True Telegraph of to-day:

VALLANDIGHAM.

How false we have been to the paramount duty of a free people the protracted exile of a champion of the people will attest. For more than a year he has waited among strangers for his own countrymen to do him justice. He has at last returned, not like Coriolanus, with a n armed host, to retaliate upon injustice, but simply to vindicate by his presence the liberties that in his person have been wronged. We hope that the patriots throughout the land will assemble and pledge themselves, like the Democrats of Illinois, to stand by Ohio in protecting Clement L. Vallandigham under the Constitution and the laws.

