
The above extract is only a bid to extend this organization. As much as to say: "Come over and held us" or "Be ye ready. "

The next is only one of a class appearing every day in the Enquirer. It is for disorganization and discontent-one of the obligations of this order:

Grant commenced his march toward Richmond about the 8th of May, making fifty-eight days. In that time he has lost in battle and by sickness 100,000 men. This is an average of 1,700 daily. Seventeen hundred men slaughtered every day. Just think of it, ye war men. Each day, when there is no engagement, the rebel sharpshooters killed 400 of our men. A few days since we lost 8,000 men in endeavoring to storm the rebel works before Richmond. How long can we continue the war at this rate?

Here is yet another, which to a member says "Prepare for revolution; it is your only safety. Spread, circulate, extend our glorious order. " When he says "peaceable manner" he only means "I have to say so to prevent the suppression of my paper. " The Son of Liberty understands what he means; understands it exactly:

More drafts; more blood to be called for. We have rumors to the effect that we are to have more drafts for 200,000 men. We do not know whether these sensation rumors will come true or not. Certain political considerations may have a tendency to check the Administration in calling out the people through the wheel of chance, but there are certain other matters which the people should begin to think and talk about. Already 2,400,000 have placed their lives in the hands of those in power, to country answer. It has been a cardinal principle that the people of this country are the fountain of all power. The Constitution of the United States commences in these words: "We, the people. " Is this fountain of all power going to be chained to the wheel of this car of destruction without uttering one word of complaint? Have they lost the spirit of their revolutionary ancestors that they speak not to those who demand their blood and treasure? Where is your habeas corpus? Where is your bill of rights? You have lost them. Their powers to protect you are no more. While your fathers, sons, and brothers are pouring out their blood in the common reservoir of civil strife these men, who prate most about loyalty and union, are prowling about the Treasury chest, like so many harpies and vultures, devouring the substance of the people. The people of America should now open their mouths and speak forth. They should meet in mighty conventions in a peaceable manner and demand the renewal of the bill of rights and the reinstatements upon the statute books of the writ of habeas corpus. If we are all to go the way of the previous 2,400,000 called out in this war, let the people meet in convention 500,000 strong, and petition in a peaceable way those in power to hear their voice. Nobody has any objection to Mr. Lincoln and his subordinates serving out the time for which they were elected, but there are insuperable objections to having all the people killed and the nation bankrupted in order to free a few negroes.

I was disappointed at not hearing from you. I expected you would have sent me the letters I thought necessary for Detroit, if you could obtain the information necessary to their execution. From the condition of my family and other considerations I shall have to request to be excused from proceeding to Detroit at present, and beg you to consider the inclosed as my reasons for the same.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. F. H.

DAYTON, OHIO, June 24, 1864.

[Colonel J. P. SANDERSON:]

SIR: I have the honor to state to you that I wrote to you on yesterday informing you of my arrival at this point, completing my reports of things at Hamilton, Ohio, sending copy of letter to Vallandigham, alluding to former reports mailed at Hamilton, &amp;c., which I trust you have duly received.

To-day I have been preparing myself for conflict. To complete with so wily a foe as Vallandigham requires no ordinary skill. One word too

