
introduced me to a gentleman named McMahon, who came in with some ladies, and who seemed to be entirely at home. V. called him John. He is a traitor. Mrs. stopped her husband in conversation and seemed quite cautious. Told him I was pleased with Dayton and would remain for few days. He requested me to call on him again.

The following is published defiantly by the Cincinnati Enquirer.

Very respectfully,

E. F. H.

THE OLD ORDER FOR VALLANDIGHAM'S BANISHMENT.

The reader will find below a true copy of the President's decree of banishment against Mr. Vallandigham. It possesses interest besides a real historical value:

U. S. MILITARY TELEGRAPH, May 19, 1863.

[Cipher. -By telegraph from Washington-9. 40 p. m., 1863.]

Major-General BURNSIDE, Commanding Department of the Ohio:

SIR: The President directs that, without delay, you send C. L. Vallandigham, under secure guard, to the headquarters of General Rosecrans, to be put by him beyond our military lines, and in case of his return within our lines he be arrested and kept in close custody for the term specified in his sentence.

By order of the President:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

DAYTON, OHIO, June 26, 1864.

[Colonel J. P. SANDERSON:]

SIR: I have the honor to state to you that my last communication was dated the 24th instant, and details in full my visit to the Honorable C. L. Vallandigham.

This is the Sabbath and I have done nothing. Yesterday I worked very hard all day for the weak points to Dayton. I was all over it. I think over one-half of all its population are truly and unconditionally loyal. The great mass are quiet and all diligently engaged in their legitimate pursuits. Politics are easy. The saloons are not much frequented, especially in daytime. All this proves but little, for a superficial examination is often very deceptive. The circulation of the Daily Empire (rebel) is about 500; of the weekly about 4,000. The daily circulation is confined to the city, and is, I think, fully the strength of the "butternuts" of Dayton.

I had been round a little on the 24th and fancied I had found the haunt of the rebels, but was not sure until yesterday; but I was correct; I found it. I never before saw men so cautious, even to strangers. They held their weekly meeting last night. I do not think there were over fifty in the meeting, but they appeared to be the better part of society, many of them men of age, and all seemed to be men of intelligence. Their place of meeting is at the Cooper House (a saloon, restaurant, and gambling house combined), on Main street south of the Phillips House, kept by a German named J. V. Nauerth. I was there several times yesterday. I talked with him and others. Told them where I was from; that I had a letter to Mr. V. from his friends, and had been to see him; used all my fraternal signs, &amp;c., but still they never acknowledged themselves to be members of this organization. I was introduced to a Mr. Sholl, one of the brothers who damned everybody but "butternuts," but he soon bid me "good evening" abruptly and left me to my reflections. I saw men come out of that meeting-men who board at the same hotel that I do-to whom I had given the signs repeatedly, and who I was most positive until then were Republicans,

