
in future. I can assure you that this man is as busy as a beaver. He is at work hard. These men that passed me from his room looked as sneaking as sheep thieves, a sure sign of dark designs. His wife remarked that he was kept very busy. I believe her.

There is great antipathy to him here by the entire loyal element. They utterly despise him, and censure the Administration for its tardiness in rearresting him; but his own party, the butternuts, are very zealous and ardent in his behalf.

When Val. spoke here he told the Republicans that if they advocated his rearrest, and he was rearrested, he would "hold their lives and property responsible to him for the same. " Just think of such audacity. I have not yet found my man. This place can only be taken by gradual approaches. They are afraid of strangers.

I will try to give all the information I have collected soon. Too busy now.

E. F. H.

DAYTON, OHIO, June 28, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON:

SIR: I have the honor to state that I wrote to you yesterday detailing my operations with Val. I had hoped, by gradual acquaintance and repeated interviews, to quiet any suspicion he might entertain, and ultimately turn his acquaintance to advantage. But, as I first stated to you, I think he trusts none now but old and tried friends. He is the very embodiment of duplicity. In our first interview he tried to impose on me. You will recollect that I stated that Troutman was at the head of this secret organization in Butler County, had been to see V. in Canada, and is well known as a prominent man in Hamilton, and as a firm supporter of V. Now, in my letter of introduction to him Troutman's name was before Garver's. But Val. spoke warmly of Ga., asked about him with apparent solicitude, but never alluded to Troutman. That was to deceive me.

I have gone to his house oftener than I should had it not been that I wanted to be seen going and coming from there. Such has it influence. It implies confidence to those who saw me. But I have worked too fast. These K!d are intelligent; they have had experience. They well know that Government has her agents on their tracks. They are afraid of one another, and strangers-men without any visible means of support or any avocation-have but little chance of gaining their confidence. They examine every member most critically before they admit him into the secret council, and the password he may have, and then be turned out as a wolf in sheep's clothing. Such is their strictness. Nauerth and many of those who met at his house on Saturday evening last knew that I was a member of this organization; but still they want to know more-to know that I am not bogus. This requires time-more time than I could see I possibly had-and I therefore had to pursue a course which I am satisfied, from my experience, is never best. Two or three weeks' acquaintance with no apparent hurry or solicitude would have enabled me to know the exact condition of affairs here.

I made a glorious hit in Hamilton-the stronghold of Ohio-but it was from meeting the right man. Things are different here. They have been troubled more here and are more guarded. When I see you I have several suggestions to make, which my experience induces me to believe will, if practiced upon, make it much easier and more certain in gaining desired information.

