
I saw Nauerth again yesterday. He was a little more communicative, but needs sweating before he could be made serviceable. I told him I thought there would soon be a Northwestern confederacy. He said he thought so too; hoped there would. Oh, he is a bitter rebel. But whenever I approach him confidentially he flinches, grows restless, and gets away. To-day I talked with men from New York. They say her people are much outdone with the conduct of the war and will oppose another draft.

I saw an old butternut to-day, named Samuel Shinn, who resides near Winchester, Ind. He says Indiana is outdone. Her patience is exhausted. He says he is satisfied that the East and the West must separate; that that is the opinion of the people of his section. I formed the acquaintance several days ago of a man named Rowe (a large fleshy man, of dark complexion), who resides at or near Mount Carmel, Ind. He is a member of this secret organization. He formerly resides in Butler County, Ohio. He says that their society has not met for near six months. He says they had heretofore meetings frequently; not two at same place; met in barns. That they have more arms and ammunition than they know what to do with. These arms were principally purchased in Cincinnati after burnside had prohibited the sale of arms. He says they were purchased and brought there secretly as dry goods by a merchant who resides there and whose name is Fogle, who would have them secretly boxed up and hauled home in his wagon. Rowe's brother bought and secreted kegs of powder. Their object was to resist draft and rescue of deserters. R. thinks there will be a Western confederacy. But I think there is but little excitement in his part of the country.

I will now conclude with my effort with Honorable C. L. V. I called on him yesterday evening, but he had gone out to tea with his family. I was determined to bring the matter to a focus, and after 9 o'clock wrote and sent him the following note:

DAYTON, OHIO, June 27, 1864.

Honorable C. L. VALLANDIGHAM:

HONORED AND DEAR SIR: Pardon the liberty I assume in addressing and troubling you. I contemplated leaving for Detroit by the morning train. I go there to spend a month or two. I am a wanderer now as you have been. If you could give me a letter of introduction to some of your friends there I should feel under obligations to you.

Wishing you the fullest success and the enjoyment of home and friends, I am,

Truly, yours,

EDWARD F. HOFFMAN.

The bearer did not find him at house, but on Jefferson street. He perused it carefully and sent me verbal word "I must decline. " This proves my theory in relation to him. He only trusts old, tried friends. Never have I seen more of a hypocrite.

Truly,

E. F. H.

DAYTON, OHIO, June 29, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON:

SIR: I have the honor to state that the subjoined, which I clip from to-day's Cincinnati Daily Commercial, will I think prove to you the truthfulness of what I have been writing about for some time. I beg permission to say that just to long as such publications are indulged in or tolerated-admitting that the writers are strictly loyal and no injury intended toward the Government-yet in my humble judgment no agent of the Government can accomplish anything; none especially

