
paragraph 1212, Revised Regulations of the Army of 1863, except that the requisition of the medical officer in charge and the bill of purchase before payment shall be approved by the commanding officer. When this "fund" is sufficiently large it may be expended also for shirts and drawers for the sick, the expense of washing clothes, articles for policing purposes, and al articles and objects indispensably necessary to promote the sanitary condition of the hospital.

IV. Surgeons in charge of hospitals where there are prisoners of war will make to the Commissary-General of Prisoners, through the commanding officer, semi-monthly reports of deaths, giving name, rank, regiment, and company, date and place of capture, date and cause of death, place of interment, and number of grave. Effects of deceased prisoners will be taken possession of by the commanding officer, the money and valuables to be reported to this office (see note on blank reports), the clothing of any value to be given to such prisoners as require it. Money left be deceased prisoners of accruing from the sale of their effects will be placed in the prison fund.

V. A fund, to be called "the prison fund" and to be applied in procuring such articles as may be necessary for the health and convenience of the prisoners, not expressly provided for by General Army Regulations, 1863, will be made by withholding from their rations such parts thereof as can be conveniently dispensed with. The abstract of issues to prisoners and statement of the prison fund shall be made out, commencing with the month of June, 1864, in the same manner as is prescribed for the abstract of issues to hospital and statement of the hospital fund (see paragraphs 1209, 1215, and 1246, and from 6, Subsistence Department, Army Regulations, 1863), with such modifications in language as may be necessary. The ration for issue to prisoners will be composed as follows, viz: Hard bread, 14 ounces per one rations, or 18 ounces soft bread, one ration; corn-meal, 18 ounces per one ration; beef, 14 ounces per one ration; bacon or pork, 10 ounces per one ration; beans, 6 quarts per 100 men; hominy or rice, 8 pounds per 100 men; sugar, 14 pounds per 100 men; R. coffee, 5 pounds ground, or 7 pounds raw, per 100 men, or tea, 18 ounces per 100 men; tallow candles, 6 candles per 100 men; salt, 2 quarts per 100 men; molasses, 1 quart per 100 men; potatoes, 30 pounds per 100 men. When beans are issued hominy or rice will not be. If at any time it should seem advisable to make any change in this scale the circumstances will be reported to the Commissary-General of Prisoners for his consideration.

VI. Disbursements to be charged against the prison fund will be made by the commissary of subsistence on the order of the commanding officer, and all such expenditures of funds will be accounted for by the commissary in the manner prescribed for the disbursements of the hospital fund. When in any month the items of expenditures on account of the prison fund cannot be conveniently entered on the abstract of issues to prisoners a list of the articles and quantities purchased, prices paid, statement of services rendered, &amp;c., certified by the commissary as correct and approved by the commanding officer, will accompany the abstract. In such cases it will only be necessary to enter on the abstract of issues the total amount of funds thus expended.

VII. At the end of each calendar month the commanding officer will transmit to the Commissary-General of Prisoners a copy of the 'statement of the prison fund," as shown in the abstract of issues for that

