
on a flying visit. You will see at a glance the folly of such a publication. At such a period as this it is worse than criminal. If it be "contraband" for some obscure country paper, remote from the enemies lines, and without a probability of such ever reaching the enemy, to publish some trivial article affecting the number or position of our army, what should the publication of such an article as the subjoined be when the enemy are on every hand. It is a notice to them that they have spies in camp, wolves in sheep's clothing, bogus members, and makes them so suspicious that though you have all the signs, hails, passwords, emblems, &amp;c., of the order, yet they must know you before they will admit you to their confidence. This comes here at an unfortunate time for me, but they knew as much before. But here is the article:

THE SONS OF LIBERTY.

A secret order styled "The Sons of Liberty"]i]V, in Indiana and probably other Western States, not dissimilar in its character and object to the Knights of the Golden Circle. The Indianapolis Journal says that members of this order were advised that Morgan would be in Kentucky and Vallandigham in Hamilton on or about the 14th of June. It was through information furnished by members of this order that Governor Bramlette, of Kentucky, was apprised of Morgan's intended raid and attack upon Frankfort. The rumor that there was collusion between the friends of Vallandigham and Morgan seems possible. The Indianapolis Journal asserts it positively, and in the letter of Governor Bramlette which we append significant allusion is made to it. It would seem strange indeed that the Sons of Liberty should be advised of the simultaneous raids of the Canadian and Kentucky Confederates action determined upon, if morgan was able to carry out his programme. That they were so advised is evident from the fact that certain of their number nor Morton beforehand, who in turn advised Governor Bramlette of the approaching danger in time for him to provide for it.

The following is Governor Bramlette's letter, to which allusion is made above:

COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Frankfort, June 22, 1864.

Governor O. P. MORTON, Indianapolis, Ind.:

DEAR SIR: I return you my most grateful thanks for your prompt assistance during Morgan's recent raid. The timely arrival of the Forty-third Regiment Indiana Volunteers gave us entire relief against all apprehension of danger. Although the citizens had repulsed the rebels, yet the large numbers still infesting this section at the time of their arrival kept us upon constant vigil and serious apprehension of another assault.

The patriotism and kindly feeling which prompted the gallant veterans of the Forty-third to rush to our relief without delaying, after their long and arduous labors, to even greet their families, deserves the highest commendation from their countrymen, and will ever command from us of Kentucky the profoundest gratitude of our hearts.

The appearance of Vallandigham in Ohio simultaneously with Morgan's raid in Kentucky fully confirms the matters made know to me, though General Lindsey, by you.

The defeat of Morgan has frustrated their movements for the present, but vigilance in the future must still guard us against those machinations of evil doers.

Yours, truly,

THOS. E. BRAMLETTE.

In my reports of the 6th or 7th instant I notified you of the position, strength, and approach of John Morgan, which I think was an earlier notice of him than Governor Morton had, from the action he took. I got my information on the 6th.

You will remember that in my report of June 22, instant, that I gave the new name of this organization. The above extract is from to-day's paper.

I think I can accomplish nothing here now. They are on the alert for all strangers-expect them. Day by day I am more impressed with

