
the magnitude and boldness of these scamps. The country is full of them. To-day they are rejoicing over Sherman's disaster; how they chuckle over it.

The great haunt of country rebels here is at the Farmer's and Mechanics' Hotel, on Second between Main and Ludlow streets. That is a rebel house, and is known as such.

I see a man here from Saint Louis. His name is John Wishart. He is a painter. He says his family are there, but he left Missouri to evade the militia duty. He has now gone to Columbus, Ohio. He boarded here at the Franklin House. He is a rebel and bad man. I think there are other reasons why he left Missouri. He avoided me as much as possible. He is tall, slim, fair complexion, and quite loquacious when among his "pals. " He is the life of his crowd.

I saw and talked with Nauerth again last night. I visited him merely to remain quiet. He is the key to Dayton-rest assured of that. The man who gains N. 's full confidence has the secrets of Dayton open before him.

I will be in Saint Louis as soon as I can get there after hearing from you.

Truly and respectfully,

E. F. H.

DAYTON, OHIO, June 30, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON:

SIR: I have the honor to state I wrote to you yesterday explaining various matters and saying that I had nothing to hope for here without a reaction. After writing to you yesterday I had another interview with J. V. Nauerth, one of the sachems of this order in Dayton, in which I discovered a manifest chance for the better. I affected coldness and indifference, and he gradually warmed and seemed inclined to confidence. So did others I met there. I asked no questions and soon withdrew; this seemed to right all of them.

To-day there has been much excitement consequent upon the repeal (or report of it) of the commutation clause. Dayton (I mean the rebels) has been aglow to-day. I knew there would be a meeting of the order to-night. I went to Nauerth therefore; I was right. I found Nauerth perfectly pliable. He shook me kindly by the hand, ushered me up to his own bar and treated me, then branched off on business.

He told me frankly that this secret order met where I told you it did-upstairs in his house. There were over 100 in the meeting to-night. The two leading men in it are Tom Thrasher and John A. McMahon, a brother-in-law to Val. I can recollect but few of the names. Judge -, one of the proprietors of the (Dayton) Empire, I saw at the meeting.

The object in the main of the meeting to-night was for co-operation in resisting the draft under the approaching call, or to devise means to overawe the Government from enforcing it, or repealing the commutation clause. This was about the substance of it. They seem unwilling to go into revolution without first setting forth their grievances to the President and asking their repeal or abrogation. They want to be ready in all the States at the same time. Then, if denied, resistance to the death and a confederacy for themselves. They will have a general meeting on Saturday night next. Nauerth requested me to remain in Dayton and attend it. This I think I shall not be able to do as I wish to leave here.

