
Pugh is a great favorite with Nauerth and his "pals. " Nauerth keeps his house well armed. He said he was sorry the men who mobbed the Empire office last spring did not attack his house; not one of them would have been left alive, he said, for he was well prepared. I do not think this thing near ripe yet unless something now unforeseen takes place. Formed the acquaintance of Stephen C. James (a friend of Rowe's), residing near Mount Carmel, Ind. They will organize there again immediately. He kept arms to sell on commission-revolvers. His cousin, who keeps the toll-gate near there, sent Val. $50 while in Canada. He says they had a joint-stock fund in each county in Indiana to pay the commutation with whenever a "butternut" was drafted. He says this money is untouched yet, and they can now divide it out again; that is in his county. This closes my reports for June.

Respectfully,

E. F. H.

DAYTON, OHIO, July 1, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON, U. S. Army,

Provost-Marshal-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to state to you that my last communication was dated June 30, 1864, in which I announced my success in Dayton. Knowing that I shall soon be in Saint Louis, and knowing also the uncertainty of the mails, I prefer to retain further reports until I see you.

To-night I again visited the Cooper House. I formed the acquaintance of a Mr. Livingston, a member who has a family in the South. He says Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois are a unit in opposition to the pending draft or further tyranny. He further says that the arrest of Val. would at once explode the magazine, and, also, that lists of all true copperheads are being made out, exhibiting the names, residences, and occupations, which are duly signed and X by prominent copperheads (known in the South), and will be sent South for future reference, in order that she may know her friends, should they have occasion to go there in the future. He says Val., or Frank Pierce, will get the nomination if any be made. I also this morning formed the acquaintance of ex-Mayor Gillespie, now in the insurance business here. He is one of the 100-pound caliber copperheads of Dayton. He has much influence here, and openly and boldly advocates resistance to the approaching draft, the rearrest of Val., or any other (as he terms it) tyranny of the Administration. Thinks there may be no convention because of anarchy or other contingencies. When Val. was first arrested he says he followed him to Cincinnati, and there advocated conventions in all the States, which were to notify Mr. lincoln that if Val. was not released that the people would revolt. He says he did the same at Hamilton, here, and other places. I have never heard any man proclaim more treasonable sentiments, all taken together. He says he may be shot here (by the loyal people), but never in the South. I think in all my observations on this war I have never seen nor heard a more beastly traitor than this Gillespie. How much I dislike to stand and hear such men-nay, seemingly to encourage them. May they reap their rewards.

Mr. nauerth (whose name is pronounced Nort) looked a little cold to-night. I suspect he has had a chat with McMahon (Val. 's brother-in-law) regarding me. Val. and M. wonder why I remain here so long, when I told Val. that I should leave on Tuesday last for Detroit. If it were not for McMahon I should be in the meeting of the S. L.

