
of a population of 56,000 in this city, is only 600. They do not seem, at least as far as I have examined, so intensely rabid as the rebels, copperheads, butternuts, or Democrats of Ohio. They are more social, drink together, talk and associate with one another more freely here than any place I have yet seen. Still there are some very bitter men here, as I will presently show. The following from the Free Press of to-day will convince you, I think, that the patrons are milder in their views than those in the Cincinnati Enquirer:

A GOOD CAUSE RUINED BY BAD MANAGEMENT.

There is not on the pages of history a record of a rebellion so entirely without a just cause as that which now threatens to destroy or blot from the map the world the very name of the United States of America. How it is possible that such a rebellion should be successful is a question which has continually recurred to the mind of almost every man in the community, no matter what his party predilections. Different individuals will answer this important question very differently, although all will agree upon the facts which have brought us into this great peril. Let us recount some of these facts:

First. It is generally conceded that the ordinance of secession in the several States received a bare majority of the votes in those States; or in other words, that a very large minority were opposed to the disruption of the Union.

Second. It is admitted that at this moment there is in all of the seceded States an extraordinary union of sentiment I favor of the rebellion.

Third. It is admitted that in the commencement of the war there was in the North a unanimity of sentiment, wholly unparalleled, that the integrity of the Constitution must be maintained, while now grave doubts of success are entertained by thousands who would give their all if their country could be saved by such a sacrifice.

It is a matter of grave importance to every one, no matter what his party predilections, to ascertain why these changes in public opinion have taken place. Why is it that an unjust rebellion has rapidly gained strength throughout the entire region where it has sway, while the Government has quite as rapidly lost that hold upon public opinion throughout all the States faithful to the Constitution and the Union?

It should be the first duty of every man to study carefully these changes and ascertain the causes which have produced them, for there is nothing and the fact that unless these causes are removed and the changes arrested we can never succeed in overthrowing the rebellion and restoring the Union.

We do not expect all who read this article will agree with us, but if they are not satisfied with our explanation it is of the first importance that they should furnish us with satisfactory reasons for their opinions. We start, then, with the proposition that the sentiment was unanimous in the North in favor of sustaining the Constitution and laws by force, if necessary, and divided in the South in favor of the rebellion. At an early day the North adopted, with entire unanimity, the propositions contained in the famous Crittenden resolutions, that the paramount object of the war was the maintenance of constitutional and lawful authority, and that when unlawful resistance to such authority should cease the war should also cease. Upon these propositions all parties in the North agreed, and just so long as the war was continued for their object, just so long it received the cordial approved of the people of the North. But in process of time the administration of Mr. Lincoln changed the objects of the war and, in effect, declared that it was no longer to be prosecuted for the purpose of restoring the Constitution and lawful authority of the United States. While its whole purpose and objects were confined to the restoration of the Union here could be little, if any, difference of opinion, but when the whole purpose and scope of the war was changed, then dissension arose wherever discussion was permitted. For this change and all the consequences which have or may flow from it the administration are responsible. If the Government fails it will fail because of this change of policy-a change from objects dear to every patriot of the land to a policy which, in the end, if successful, will be as fatal to the vital principles of the Constitution as a success of the rebellion. The present policy of the Administration avows it to be necessary to uproot and overthrow the very foundations of society as now constituted in the Southern States. It is a radical revolution, and the South, which began this accursed rebellion, without real cause, is now fighting as one man for the maintenance of all that is dear to them in life. This change of policy fully explains why it is that there are no Union men in the South, why the Government has no friends there, and the feeling and opinion that no human power is adequate to the accomplishment of the task which this change of policy by the Administration imposes upon them will fully account for the change of opinion and despondency which exists in the North.

