
DETROIT, MICH., July 5, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON:

SIR: I have the honor to state to you that I have not been able, from various causes, to ascertain precisely the extent of things here-that is, I am not convinced beyond a doubt that I may not be misled or err in my impressions of things here, as they are represented or appear to me.

Yesterday I was unable to see the parties I wished to. Hull is intemperate and a great libertine and I failed to meet him. There was a grand celebration here yesterday, and had you seen the extent of the procession (besides all who left on excursions) you would have wondered where the "butternut" majority of Detroit was concealed. But they were not in the procession except the mayor (strange to say he was there and spoke at the grove). It was a part of the butternut programme not to participate in the celebration, which was most splendid and ended with bonfires and illuminations.

I discover on examination that Hull is one of the men you advised me to call on in your list. But I have made his acquaintance in a better way. If I had some time to remain here I would hunt up the others, but I could effect nothing with them but arouse suspicion on a short acquaintance. To seek special introduction would ruin me with those I do know, manifesting too intimate an acquaintance with things which I must have known before I came here. This I have to avoid. But my stay, from shortness of funds and other considerations, will be too brief here for accuracy.

I had another interview with Hull to-day. He is a native of Georgetown, D. C. He is going to visit Val. next week. He is in favor of a Western confederacy, but has faith that a national Democratic President can be elected, which will bring order out of chaos. He is much absorbed in the Chicago Convention. Still, he is in favor of resisting the draft, and I could never forget what he said regarding it. Looking me directly in the eye and seeming to have authority for what he said, he remarked "that it would take three soldiers (on the part of the Government) to every one soldier taken out of Michigan. " This was not in harmony with his other statements and it perplexed me.

Yesterday I made the acquaintance of a Mr. Joise, a resident of this place, but formerly of Baltimore, Md. He is seemingly a leading citizen and a very ardent Democrat. He does not seem to know though what the traitors of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois have in view. They seem, as a mass, only to be Democrats here, in favor of peace as a measure of policy, bitterly opposed to the Administration, but willing to appeal to the ballot box for redress. This is my impression from all I hear, yet there are few exceptions to it.

Ambler says in Chicago he hears a Western confederacy strongly, but every secretly, talked of.

Formed the acquaintance of a Mr. Buell, residing at Forestville, fifty miles up the river; is very wealthy, owning mill and large possessions, and is an ultra Democrat. They have no organization with him; says all the men drafted there recently went directly to Canada as soon as notified.

Respectfully,

E. F. H.

TOLEDO, OHIO, July 6, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON, U. S. Army, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to state that I was compelled to leave Detroit this morning for the reason assigned tin my communication of yester-

