
day, namely, shortness of funds. This I regret. I requested Hull last evening to furnish me with a small amount, but he did not seem to promise me definitely, and so I was compelled to leave.

I had given a plausible reason for hanging about the Canada border, and told them I have a friend here who had invited me to stay with him, but that I would return soon to Detroit. These Northern rebels are slow to make contributions in treasure. Well may the South destruct them.

Hull says he went to Washington, D. C., to assist in organizing this society there. He has so many friends, talks with so many, drinks so much, has his head so full of business, and talks on regardless of any interrogatory you propound, that I could not ascertain of him definitely the extent or aim of this organization. From the badges, however, if is pretty extensive. Higginbaugh nor Ambler neither knew its extent. Hull regards its object as only cohesive in its character, uniting and binding Democrats more closely and making them a unit in action as Democrats. But he calls himself not a Democrat, but a "copperhead. " Other things he said conflicted with this principle mightily. Such men never unbosom themselves to strangers; time and acquaintance give confidence.

H. gave me one piece of information which I think historians should know something about. He says that he knows that the rebel speech delivered by Long, of Ohio, in Congress was written by Vallandigham. Surely it is Val. 's doctrine.

The Free Press of to-day is much more pointed in regard to opposition to the draft, and quotes revolutionary articles from the New York World, Chicago Times, &amp;c., to incite the public.

I left Detroit by the 8 a. m. train for Saint Louis by way of Indianapolis. There is a want of connection in the trains and I have spent several hours at this point. Be it said to the praise of Toledo that I regard it as the most loyal point that I have touched at during the entire rebellion. It is emphatically for Abraham Lincoln. I have been all over and through it and not one single disloyal word have I heard spoken in it. Rest assured that Toledo is for the Union and both hear papers for Lincoln.

I have formed the acquaintance of J. B. Rogers, of Oswego, N. Y., a grain specular, and I think a loyal man. He says in all the prominent towns of New York this secret organization exists.

I shall leave here by the 11th p. m. train for Indianapolis, Ind., but fear I shall not be able to remain there long enough to do any good, but I will see, however,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD F. HOFFMAN.

TERRE HAUTE, IND., July 7, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON, U. S. Army:

SIR: I have the honor to state that after writing to you from Toledo, Ohio, last evening, I left there for Indianapolis, Ind., via Peru, and reached there at 10. 30 a. m. to-day. As I sallied through the haunts of the "butternuts" of that city I could see that I created a good deal of sensation among them-perhaps merely from being a stranger. They looked more defiant than they did when I was there in the spring. I was in search of Lewis, whom you may remember. I had formed a plan by which if he were really a rebel that I would catch him beyond a doubt, and also obtain all he knew. Lewis, if you recollect, says he is in Government employ as a detective, but he says he is still true to

47 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII

