
the South except in unimportant things. I am fully persuaded that this is so. But here was my plan to catch him and also obtain his information: I told him that soon after I left him, in May last, and returned to Missouri, that I gave a rebel a letter to another rebel in Saint Louis to enable him to purchase revolvers for bushwhackers. He purchased the revolvers, and the man who sold them sent me a letter back, but that the man who purchased them was caught and the letter found on him, which implicated me. Hearing it in time I made my escape. Now, Lewis regards me as one of the worst of rebels. It was his duty as a detective to furnish the authorities the information that I, a professed renegade from my State and justice, should be captured. He knew I would remain but for a few hours, and when I left accompanied me to the depot. This I regard as conclusive evidence that Lewis is a covert rebel and only a detriment to the Government. I shall therefore report what he says in the same manner that I would the statement of any other rebel, believing that he never make s a candid statement to any other than rebels.

He says that since the convention in Indianapolis in May last (reported by me), and subsequent to the secret convention at Louisville, Ky., they have had another convention at Louisville, Ky., hey have had another convention of this secret order at Indianapolis. They met in the old Sentinel building, in a room occupied by a lawyer, who is at the head of the organization in Indiana. I forget his name, but think it is Woodbury. Lewis says this organization lacks uniformity for efficiency. He thinks that it is unknown as a State organization in Kentucky in the form that it exists in Indiana. He regards the object (in Indiana) as resistance to the draft, the encouragement and protection to desertion, and the advantage of knowing one another. Lewis says that Colonel Achey, the bitterest rebel in the whole place, knows that he (L.) is a good rebel and is imposing on the Government. He pointed out other detectives in Indianapolis and put me on my guard. He is trying to get a pass through the lines to North Carolina, where his family resides, where he expects to remain, if he succeeds. He gave me several new signs now in use in Indiana. He regards the object (in Indiana) as resistance to the draft, and encouragement and protection to desertion, and the advantage of knowing one another. Lewis says that Colonel Achey, the bitterest rebel in the whole place, knows that he (L.) is a good rebel and is imposing on the Government. He pointed out other detectives in Indianapolis and put me on my guard. He is trying to get a pass through he lines to North Carolina, where his family resides, where he expects to remain, if he succeeds. He gave me several new signs now in use in Indiana. I told him I was going to Pana, Ill., to meet some rebels from Missouri there, but would return in the course of a few weeks. He (L.) boards at the Pyle House. He says he never has reported Colonel Achey. I suggest the following for determining his integrity: Governor Morton, General Carrington, and others have the fullest confidence in Lewis, and would tell him if he were suspected by any one else, giving names. But if Lewis has not reported me to General Carrington or some one in authority, then surely he is a rebel at heart. I therefore suggest that you send to General C., asking if Ed. F. Hoffman is in or about Indianapolis. If he has heard nothing of me, nor does not, then it demonstrates fully that l. is a rebel.

Desiring to reach Saint Louis as expeditiously as possible I took (through misapprehension) the 2. 20 p. m. train on the T. A. and S. L. R. R., which only runs as far through as this place. Here I am, then, this evening in the town and district which uphold that bland and insinuating rebel, Voorhees. I have just returned from an inspection of the city and the "butternuts. " I found the latter most abundant. They were not long in testing me with the hails, signs, &amp;c. I regret I have not the time to devote to th grand point for operations. A Republican told me he only knew one man who could beat Voorhees in this district, and that that man is Jeff. Davis.

I leave at 12 o'clock to-night for Saint Louis.

Respectfully,

EDWARD F. HOFFMAN.

