
undeviating watchfulness over their interests, often at the expense of his own personal comfort. A Christian in conviction, as well as by profession, he deprecated barbarity, not alone for its demoralizing effects upon his command, as soldiers, but as members of society as well. A devoted and pure patriot, an able and prudent general, a learned scholar, an eloquent speaker, a polished writer, an urbane gentleman, he is not lacking in the qualities of a statesman, and no one who has been named in the political campaign of this year possesses more or better capabilities suited to the Presidency of the United States.

Price is very bitter toward Mr. Lincoln, who, he says, is one of the most consummate knaves and tyrants that ever afflicted any country. That the introduction of martial law and the suspension of the habeas corpus in Kentucky were only to intimidate the people of that State by exhibiting to them his power, by which means he anticipated their patronage (through sycophancy on their part) in the approaching Presidential election.

I met many rebels (I know no truer name for them) on the train this morning, among them Governor Hall, of Missouri, with his young bride, returning from a pleasure tour. I questioned Doctor Curry, editor of the Missouri State Times, in regard to the sentiments and policy of Governor Hall. He says he is less open than Gamble, but his sentiments and policy are much the same.

In my communication of yesterday I omitted to state a matter which perplexed me somewhat while at Hamilton, Ohio. I did not then understand what it meant, but can account for it now. I did not then understand what it meant, but can account for it now. In writing from Hamilton I told you that Shears, who was well satisfied with me himself, told me to say to those to whom he introduced me that I was from Indiana (not Missouri). I knew this meant something, but could not tell what. Since returning here I see from the papers that your stenographer, Mr. T., was at the They had traced him out as hailing from Missouri; therefore shears thought I would be suspected. Hailing from Missouri is what injured me with Valandingham. I am confident of this now, but did not know it at the time. I am satisfied that Mr. Thorpe was traced out through the Free Press office, where his present address is known. But I think I allayed most of their suspicions before leaving them. I only mention this to explain a mystery, previously attended to.

Respectfully,

EDWARD F. HOFFMAN.

C.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., July 14, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON, U. S. Army,

Provost-Marshal-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to state that I have not written to you since the 10th instant, for reasons which I shall explain to you hereafter.

I have not made many advances to the rebels of this place, but from very cautious and prudent management am gradually insinuating myself into the confidence of the leaders.

Their principal haunt in this city is at Esterbrook's saloon, in the City Hotel. Esterbrook is himself a great rebel, through born and bred in New England. The men who may be found there, generally chatting treason among themselves, are General Reid (uncle), Tom Miller, Captain Rogers, Ranson, W. D. Kerr, old Mr. Davis, and old Mr. Parsons, father of the rebel general.

I have had several conversations with old Mr. Davis, a hoary-headed old traitor. He knows that I am connected with your office. But I

