
have argued to strongly in favor of peace at any price and against the present Administration that I have fully impressed the old gentleman with the conviction that I am a rebel at heart, though too prudent to say so, especially when in Government employ. They often meet such men in reality, and therefore they are not hard to counterfeit. Many of the Missouri army officers have been commissioned from the very principles I was advocating, and hence there was nothing incompatible with my position.

Davis is in full confidence of the rebels of Jefferson City. whatever they know he knows. He says there is a storm gathering; that Missouri will not submit to the approaching draft; that it is only the refuse of society that has heretofore gone into the army; but that when they try to take the flower of society that there will be resistance and bloodshed. He is fully advised as to a Western confederacy and thinks it practicable.

There has been great rejoicing among the rebels ever since I arrived here over the invasion of Maryland and the success of the invaders. How they are praying day and night that Baltimore and Washington may be captured and sacked and grant defeated and hurled from Virginia. These from the topics of conversation.

A Mrs. Riggins, whose husband and two sons are in the Confederate Army, is one of the prating rebels of this place. She gives, as I hear, aid and comfort whenever required to do so. A Miss Merritt is another of the same style, and boasts that rebel spies are here every day in the week.

I clip the following from the Eaton (Ohio) Gazette of July 7, which I casually met with here, and cannot refrain from sending you, as the object seems identical with that of the organization which we are now investigating and would seem to indicate that the present is the same, only under a new name, and differing in a few other minor parts. But here it is:

KNIGHTS OF THE GOLDEN CIRCLE-ASTOUNDING REVELATIONS.

Believing it to be my duty as a good citizen to make know the acts and designs of a secret organization now in existence throughout the country, known as the K. G. C. 's, or "Knights of the Golden Circle," I make the following statement:

For some time past I have been an active member of said order, and have participated with them in all or most of their meetings in this township (Randolph County, Ind.), and in other lodges. I have taken three degrees, have considered myself a member of standing in said organization, and know the intentions of said order. I also am acquainted with the members that meet from time to time at their secret meetings. I have seen them in the lodge taking part as active members of said lodge, and known as true K. G. C. 's.

I also have the names of others I have never seen in the lodge, but know them to be K. G. C. 's of good standing, they answering all the signs of the order.

When first received as members the oath is administered to them separately before the applicant is allowed to know anything about the order, the substance of which is opposition to the Administration, abolitionism, emancipation, confiscation, conscription, military arrest, &amp;c. ; in fact, opposition to the Government in all things.

There is a military organization in each township in every county in the State. All the members are to be secretly armed and stand ready for any orders from their officers.

There is a "grand lodge" called the "Grand Star," which is made up by delegates from each State in the Union. All subordinate lodges report through their representatives to the "Grand Star Lodge. "

My understanding is that the K. G. C. 's re the same thing North and South, the management of the organization and the signs being identically the same. I believe I could pass through the Southern Confederacy by using the signs of our Northern lodges.

The members of the township lodges are subject to the order of the captain, who is the highest office in the township.

