
Their arms are contracted for, ordered, and secretly sent to each lodge, each member being required to contribute for said purpose.

To give warning of danger a gun is fired four times, counting fifty between each firing.

For the purpose of knowing the friends of the K. G. C. 's, if a circle is drawn on a house with chalk and a line drawn straight through the center it is evidence that the occupant is a K. G. C.

The military signs are the same they have in the Southern Army.

Their meetings are held in secret places and well guarded to prevent any approach while drilling or doing any business in the lodge.

Their object is to oppose everything the Administration may do toward putting down the rebellion; oppose all war measures whatever, such as preventing enlistments, encouraging desertions, &amp;c.

Delegates are sent from the "Grand Star" to the Army for the purpose of introducing the order of K. G. C. ' among the soldiers.

I know several women are members of the order, the wives of the officers of different lodges.

The promulgation of treason against the Government is the business of every member.

I have heard leading men say at their meetings that Jeff. Davis had violated no rights that they claim in this Government; that he was a better man than Lincoln, and that John Morgan was as good.

None but the leading members of the order understand the true meaning and intentions of the K. G. C. 's.

The penalty for violating the oath is having the body cut into four quarters and cast our at the east, north, west, and south gates.

I have been expelled from the order, the only charge against me being the crime of volunteering as a soldier in the army, which is expressly forbidden by the order.

I have been threatened with death by members of the order for breaking the laws and refusing any longer to act as a member of said order.

The members generally understand that there are officers in the Army who are members of the order, but I don't know any myself. our captain told me that some of the militia or guard in Ohio were K. G. C. 's, who are therefor the purpose of aiding the order in their designs.

The members generally declare that if they are drafted and have to go into the Army, if they should be in a battle they would use their guns against the Federal soldiers, or in any way to aid the rebels.

I have been offered the command of 100 men to aid in bringing Vallandigham back in case he was elected governor of Ohio.

I was called on to act as drill-master for the company of this township on Sunday; it met in an out-of-the-way woods in said township, but I did not go, which I suppose is charged against me in the lodge.

The election was secretly managed by the K. G. C. 's. They all denied having any candidate; but a convention was held, the nominations made, and the ticket distributed, with orders how to vote. This was done at the lodge meetings, previous to the election. Each one was to hold back until the afternoon, as it was supposed the Union party would have two or more candidates, and by this means they were to carry the election.

The State is divided into military districts. Each district has a general commander. I understand from the officers that Milligan commands this district.

The members of each township compose a company. Each company is divided into squads. A chief is appointed by the captain to head each squad, and if a general was takes place the squads act separately, guerrilla mode of warfare being adopted.

In all correspondence by the members, when a letter is written the mark thus (a capital O with a line through the center) at the bottom of the letter reverses the whole matter; so they write one thing when they mean another. The number 33 is never used by the order. When a member is in danger, any one knowing this can make the figures 33 on paper and hand it to him, when he understand he is in danger. For instance, I write, "You are not in 33," the mark thus (as given above) would mean, "You are in danger. "

The military sign is this: You put your hands together in front of you and then place them upon the top of your head; if the other raises his arms and places his fingers on each shoulder, you may advance; he is a K. G. C.

If a member gets into a row and another one is present, and thinks they are not strong enough, he places his elbow against his side and walks off, signifying "Follow me. " But if he thinks they are strong enough to whip he turns up his hands in the same manner, and by this sign says, "We can whip them. "

The hailing sign is made by drawing the forefinger of right hand down the right side of the nose, at the same time drawing the second finger down the left side. The response to this is made by grasping the lobe of the left ear between the thumb and forefinger of the left hand, drawing downward.

