
The countersign, or outer picket, is changed from time to time, as in the army.

The inner-door password is "liberty. " The applicant now enters to the door and strikes the door one blow with his fist. The sergeant then opens the door and says, "What is wanted?" The applicant says, "Hand; " the sergeant says, "Iron; " the applicant says, "Liberty; " The sergeant says, "I don't believe it; test it; " the applicant says, "Give me a letter, and I will prove it. " The sergeant then gives one letter in the word "liberty"-not in order as the word is spelled-and the applicant another, and so on until all the letters are given. The sergeant then admits him, when he salutes the captain by placing the left hand on the breast and extending the right hand. He is then in the lodge.

[Here follows a list of seventy-four names of citizens of Randolph County, Ind., and Darke County, Ohio. These, not being necessary to our purpose, are omitted, but may be seen by any who are curious to know the men who in one Indiana township are organized to oppose the Government. We recognize among them one old, gray-haired man, long a resident of this county and long a teacher of our youth. -EDS. REG.]

Our correspondent then goes on to say: I am satisfied that many members are ignorant of the true meaning and intentions of the K. G. C. ', and believe they would leave the order if they were not deceived by the officers and leading men.

I have had many opportunities-perhaps more than others-to ascertain these facts. I have paid strict attention to the matter, and I am now fully satisfied that the whole order was, and is now, kept up as a treasonable organization, and their aim is to rule this Government or destroy it. Therefore I have voluntarily made this statement.

I claim to be a Douglas Democrat, but my Democracy has ever taught me to be always on the side of my country, willing to aid in putting down conspiracies instead of sustaining them.

STATE OF INDIANA, RANDOLPH COUNTY:

I,--, affirm that the foregoing statement is true, in substance; that it was my voluntary act, and done by my dictation.

Signed, subscribed, and affirmed to before me this 25th day of November, 1863.

[SEAL.]

THOMAS HOUGH,

Justice of the Peace.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD F. HOFFMAN.

D.

Report of William Taylor.

SAINT LOUIS, July 12, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in compliance with your written and verbal instructions I left this city for Renick, Randolph County, on the 4th of June, 1864. Upon my arrival there I soon discovered a number of members of the Order of O. A. K. there was a temple within half a mile of the town, of which Doctor Christian was grand worthy. I learned that he had been arrested, and this fact created great consternation among the people. I talked in opposition to the Government, and tried to make myself appear disloyal. I found they expected and wished for a raid from the South, which the majority calculated to join. The raiders were supposed to belong to Shelby or Marmaduke. They pretended to have "grave nine" intelligence that they were up as far north as the Missouri River. Shelby did make a raid up that way. In speaking of the arrest of Hunt, the grand commander, they said they didn't think the provost-marshal-general had found out anything about the order, and that Hunt would be released in a few days, though there are a few who think differently and believe that you have got into the secret organization. They think those members arrested were probably traced by spies to some disloyal act. A large number are armed, some having army pistols, which they obtained from Saint Louis. There was a young man named Hentz, who brought

