
out two from Saint Louis, but I could not find out who he bought them from. He procured them for some of the members.

The following-named belong to the order: Doctor Hamilton, very active; Colin Williams, farmer, lives half a mile from Renick, active; Mr. Jacobs, merchant, not very active; John Herrold, tobacconist, active; -Douglas, clerk for Jacobs, medium; Little James Hardin, farmer, four miles from Renick, active; Joseph Blackford, farmer, three miles from Renick, active; Squire Collins, farmer, one mile from Renick, active; Burrell Hunter (has a son in the bush); -Marshal, wagon maker; -Marshal, blacksmith; -Wilcoyen, farmer; Doctor Callaway, Fayette, Howard County, very active; Newton Duncan, same place.

I left Renick on the 9th of June for Macon City, where I remained for two days, stopping at the Harris House, the proprietor of which is a Southern sympathizer, but I do not think he is a member of the organization. I did not find any in Macon City, and I do not think there is any organization there, most of the intentional disloyal men having been driven away.

From there I went to Palmyra on the 11th of June. I stopped at the National Hote, the proprietor of which, Mr. Overton, is a bitter secessionist. His son James belongs to the order. They talked very freely on the subject of the war, viewing it from a rebel standpoint, but I was not able to get their confidence, and they seemed shy. I think they have been warned by agents sent out from Saint Louis that there were detectives sent from this city. I was satisfied, from what I could learn, that there was a strong lodge there.

The population are disloyal, and curse everything in the shape of a blue coat or an order from the Federal Government.

Overton told me he believed the organization was found out, and that there had been spies in it.

They were rather working here in conjunction with the lodges in Illinois. They are a worse set of men there.

The following are members at this place: James Overton, Samuel Anderson, Captain Pratt. The two last were in the rebel army and are citizens of Palmyra. Anderson has been back only a sort time.

I then went to Hannibal, where I arrived on the 13th. I went to see Doctor Fort. He didn't seem to be communicative at all, but was shy and would give no information. The lodges there all stopped working for the present in consequence of the arrests made by you in Saint Louis, of which the order in Hannibal had been notified. They thought the order had been discovered. After I left Hannibal they knew all about it. They do not know who informed, but are satisfied there had been spies in their temples.

At Palmyra they were waiting for the move in Illinois. At that time we thought their was going to be an insurrection in Illinois on the 4th of July at the Democratic convention. They had been making preparations for it in Missouri, and were only waiting the signal.

On the 15th I went to Quincy and found there was a large number there, but I did not get any names. I talked with James S. Green, formerly of Missouri. He was a member of the order and he told me the Democratic party, when they heard of Vallandigham's coming, swore to defend him to the last if the Government should attempt to arrest him, and were making preparations to do so.

In Illinois they are all armed. Most of them have guns and all have pistols. While here most of the leading members of the order were attending the State convention at Springfield. Almost all the members of that convention were members of the O. A. K., and I do not

