
suppose there was a single man there that was not. The order is splendidly organized in this State. It is divided into two sections, fighting men and non-combatants. The former are drilled and enrolled into companies, regiments, and brigades, and the latter are to be used for political purposes. If the convention had come off in Chicago, as intended at first, they would have been on hand in large force from this section to defend Vallandigham, as they confidently expected an interruption from the Government. None but able-bodied men are in the fighting portion of the order, and they drill at night, though in some places in Illinois they are drilled in open daylight. They had no drills while I was in Quincy. I did not stay long enough to go to the lodges, as I was in a hurry to go to Chicago.

I went to Springfield, Ill., on the 17th, where I found quite a number of members of the order. I stopped at the Owen House, the copperhead hotel. They were communicative and not afraid to talk. They also stated they were going to defend Vallandigham, provided the Government attempted to arrest him, and the temples had all passed the same resolution that the State convention passed. There was a present. One candidate was initiated and several speeches were made. The members were excited in regard to Vallandigham, and one speaker called on all good Democrats and supporters of the Constitution to rally. In Illinois the organization, though as strictly military in its nature and purposes as anywhere, partakes more of a political character than in Missouri. They pretend to be peaceable men and they intend, as they say, to defend the Constitution.

The following are active members: Virgil Hickox, superintendent Chicago and Alton Railroad; William M. Springer, attorney at law; William A. Turney, clerk district court; Alexander Starne, State treasurer; C. M. Morrison, attorney at law; J. S. Vredenburg, mayor of Springfield; Milton Hicks, sheriff of Sangamon County; B. S. Edwards, J. B. Rangland; G. W. Shoot, master in chancery; William H. Renfro, farmer and stock trader; E. B. Herndon, attorney at law; J. R. Perkins, ex-sheriff; -Treat, justice of the supreme court; A. J. Rice, judge of the circuit; N. H. Ridgely, banker; L. P. Glover, minister Episcopal Church.

I left Springfield on the 20th of June and was in Chicago the same evening. On the cars I formed the acquaintance of a man named Culberson, who lived in Indiana. He was a member of this organization, and reported to me that they were ready to fight in Indiana for Vallandigham. I was at the Briggs House two or three days and then moved to the Orient House, the proprietor of which, Davis H. Daniles, is a member of the order.

I became acquainted with Mr. Sherman, the mayor of Chicago, who gave me a good deal of information with regard to the reasons for the postponement of the Chicago convention. One reason given was that they were fearful of being arrested, and another was that they wanted to wait and see if General Grant succeeded in taking Richmond. If he succeeded they would be compelled to run him for President, because McClellan then would not stand any show, but if he failed they were going to rise and run McClellan; if they could not elect him fairly, they were going to do it by foul means-they were going to elect him. They talked about Mr. Lincoln controlling the election by the bayonet, and if he did interfere and was himself elected, it would a just cause on their part to rise and turn him out.

