
They have constructed a large building on Michigan avenue in which to hold the convention. The plans of the order are the plans of the Democratic party. They call the order in public "The Democratic Invincible Club," and meet in a hall over which hangs the sign "Democratic Invincible Club. "

They now propose to rise in the following contingencies: First, if an attempt is made to arrest Vallandigham; second, if Lincoln interferes with the elections; third, if Lincoln is again elected. They will consider, they say, the election of Mr. Lincoln as proof that he has used the Army to secure his elevation to power, and will then have just cause to rise in revolt and drive him out. They are bound not to submit to his being President again. Mr. Barber, commission merchant, Lake street, said they intended to go down and hang Abe Lincoln, his Cabinet, and all the abolitionists.

The members of the order all through Illinois were exasperated at General Rosecrans because, they said, he sent a person named Thorpe to Hamilton, Ohio, to meet Vallandigham and find out what was done. They said Thorpe was a spy and ought to be hung. They say he represented himself as being a correspondent of the Chicago Times, but Vallandigham and his friends knew at the time he was sent there by order of General Rosecrans. I do not think they did suspect him, and cannot tell how they possibly found it out, though I suppose it was done at the telegraph office.

I do not think they suspect me, as they gave me all the information they possibly could.

I got slightly acquainted with Mr. Storey, of the Chicago Times. He did not seem to be very friendly with me. I got an introduction to him, but he would not converse on politics at all. Some claim him as a member of the O. A. K., but others say he is not. My own belief is that he is a member, but stands so high, and is naturally so very cautious, as to be unapproachable to the common members.

I procured the following list of members of the O. A. K. in Citch, commission merchant, Lake street, boards at Orient House; G. W. Steepe, B. F. Parke; -Sherman, mayor of Chicago; -Meddows, clerk on Lake street, boards at Orient House; James Wheeler, crockery merchant, Lake street, boards at Orient House; Doctor Whittacher; D. H. Daniels, proprietor of the Orient House; R. G. Walshe, M. B. Arnold, M. A. Hurlbut, Dr. E. W. Edwards, Thomas O. Edwards.

I returned from Chicago after learning all I could, arriving in this city on the morning of July 9, 1864.

On the cars the conductor suspected me, I think. He knew I had been acting as a rebel, and when he saw I had a military ticket he demanded what right I had to be traveling on it, and insisted upon knowing who I was and what business I was on. I refused to tell him anything, and he was obliged to pass me on it. I think he belongs to the Order of American Knights, but am not certain.

E.

JOHN D. CAMPBELL, of lawful age, being duly sworn, deposes and says that he lives within four miles of Centralia, in the State of Illinois; has lived there since the 9th day of May, 1864; came from Ashley County, Ark., to Illinois and has been engaged farming. During the last two months has been frequently importuned to join the O. A. K. 's,

