
who are arming in Illinois to resist the draft; that two men by the name of Robinson, living at Trenton, in Illinois, some thirty miles from Saint Louis, have been and are now engaged in recruiting men for the purpose of resisting the draft; that General Price is soon expected to make a raid into Missouri, and they are to join him when ordered; that companies are being recruited at Island Numbers 6, in Mississippi County, Mo., by Captain Joe McLain and others for the C. S. Army. McLain has already recruited between fifty and sixty men, and about one-half of them are armed. He is a rebel and rendezvous at the "old Print farm," about twenty-four miles from Charleston, Mo. ; that every man sworn into the O. A. K. organization is a Confederate soldier; that these men are expecting to be called out immediately and are making the necessary preparations.

The following is a list of these O. A. K. 's living at settlement Numbers 6, about twenty-five miles from Charleston, Mo.:

Joe McLain, John Sheeks, Samuel Sheeks, Paul Burgess, Isaiah Pharis, Jim Pharis, John Pharis, William Sheeks, Emreson Sheeks, Doctor Pierce, Shelby Sheeks, Benjamin Wilkenson, Jim Wilkenson, John Parker, Silas Parker, a son-in-law of Benjamin Wilkesnon; one Parsons, a miller; Thomas Beckwith, one Bowman, one Hall, Ben. White, old man Thompson, Andy Thompson, one Kelly, Doctor Porter, Morgan Bardy, and John Mitchirer. These men are all mounted and are to be attached to Major Kitchen, commanding, C. S. Army.

JOHN D. (his x mark) CAMPBELL.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st day of August, 1864.

J. C. DODGE,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

F.

ANDREW KIRKPATRICK, of lawful age, being duly sworn, says that he resides in the city of Saint Louis, Mo., and has been keeping the Great Western saloon, corner Vine and Third streets. Was arrested by order of the provost-marshal-general Department of the Missouri the 3rd of June, 1864.

Question. Upon what charge have you been arrested as above stated?

Answer. I don't know.

Question. At whose instigation were you so arrested?

Answer. I don't know.

Question. Did you ever hear?

Answer. I have. S. R. Squier, my former partner in the Great Western saloon, is reputed to be the man.

Question. Who told you he was your accuser?

Answer. Mrs. Cabrey informed me that a soda peddler told her that S. R. Squier admitted the fact to him, Bregan, the soda peddler.

Question. Are you and Mr. Squier friendly?

Answer. No, sir. Mr. Squier is indebted to me, and because I endeavored to secure myself I believe him to have been the cause of my arrest, through malice solely.

Question. Has anybody interested themselves in your behalf with the view to securing your release?

Answer. Yes, sir; Mr. Vinton and my brother.

