
Question. Have you offered to or received any monetary overtures from any parties or party to secure your release from confinement, either directly or indirectly?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. State what the information was that you wished to give Colonel Sanderson.

Answer. On our about the 1st of June, 1864, Doctor Barrett, of Springfield, S. W. Mo., came into my saloon and remarked to me: "Kirk, what are you doing here?" I explained to him my saloon business, &amp;c., when he remarked, "Why don't you sell out?" To which I replied, "I have an opportunity and probably shall soon. " He then added, "You had better sell out and go with us. " I asked him who "us" was. He replied that we were a party, and now, said he: "Kirk, I know you are all right or I would not talk to you so. " I answered if I was not all right I wanted to be. He then stated that there was a thing in operation that he thought would suit me. I asked what it was. He said it was a plan for the defeat of the Federal authorities in this State, and the loyal States generally, and you would be astonished to know some of the men engaged in it, and added, "I will give you some of the names," at the same time pulling out his memorandum to give them, but being interrupted he deferred it until some customers who came in went out. He, which I indicated one and joined him almost immediately. He then stated it was getting late and he must return to his boarding-house, and that he would call again before he went away and give me all the information I wanted or needed in reference to this matter. He gave me no names and I was arrested before he came again. He stated that they-meaning this organization-were constantly in communication with General Sterling Price, of the C. S. Army.

Question. Is the foregoing all he said to you about this matter?

Answer. Yes, sir; and I believe that all the bushwhacking carried on in Missouri is attributable to this organization spoken of by Barrett.

Question. Have you been examined since your imprisonment until to-day under oath?

Answer. I have not.

Question. Has any person or persons visited you at the prison since your incarceration?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Who are they, and when did they visit you?

Answer. Mrs. Cabrey and Mr. Titcomb, soon after I was arrested.

Question. What did they come for?

Answer. Simply to see me.

Question. Have you received any written or verbal communications since your confinement?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Who from, and of what nature?

Answer. From Sam Vinton, Mrs. Cabrey, and my brother; all in relation to domestic and friendly matters.

Question. Do you know if any person or persons have been engaged in getting you released?

Answer. I do not; though Vinton and others who wrote me notes assured me all would be done that could be done toward effecting my early release.

Question. When, if ever, did you take the oath of allegiance to the Federal Government?

Answer. In February, 1862, and again in the following June.

ANDREW KIRKPATRICK.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th day of July, 1864.

J. C. DODGE,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

