
XIV. All money in possession of prisoners or received by them will be taken charge of by the commanding officer, who will give receipts for it to those to whom it belongs. Sales will be made to prisoners by the sutler on orders on the commanding officer, which orders will be kept as vouchers in the settlement of the individual accounts. The commanding officer will procure proper books in which to keep an account of all moneys deposited in his hands, these accounts to be always subject to inspection by the Commissary-General of Prisoners or other inspecting officer. When prisoners are transferred from the post the moneys belonging to them, with a statement of the amount due each, will be sent with them, to be turned over by the officer in charge to the officer to whom the prisoners are delivered, who will give receipts for the money. When prisoners are paroled their money will be returned to them.

XV. All articles sent by friends to prisoners, if proper to be delivered, will be carefully distributed as the donors may request - such as are intended for the sick passing through the hands of the surgeon, who will be responsible for their proper use. Contributions must be received by an officer, who will be held responsible that they are delivered to the person for whom they are intended. All uniform clothing, boots, or equipments of any kind for military service, weapons of all kinds, and intoxicating liquors, including malt liquors, are among the contraband articles. The material for outer clothing should be gray or some dark mixed color and of inferior quality. Any excess of clothing over what is required for immediate use is contraband.

XVI. When prisoners are seriously ill their nearest relatives, being loyal, may be permitted to make them short visits; but under no other circumstances will visitors be admitted without the authority of the Commissary-General of Prisoners. At those places where the guard is inside the inclosure persons having official business to transact with the commander or other officer will be admitted for such purposes, but will not be allowed to have any communication with prisoners.

XVII. Prisoners will be permitted to write and to receive letters, not to exceed one page of common letter paper each, provided the matter is strictly of a private nature. Such letters must be examined by a reliable non-commissioned officer, appointed for that purpose by the commanding officer, before they are forwarded or delivered to the prisoners.

XVIII. Prisoners who have been reported to the Commissary-General of Prisoners will not be paroled or released except by authority of the Secretary of War. *

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 20, 1864.

Brigadier General J. H. MARTINDALE,

Military Governor, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: By authority of the Secretary of War I have respectfully to request that all the invalid, sick, and wounded enlisted prisoners of war in confinement in the Old Capitol Prison who wish to be exchanged and who will not soon be fit for service many be forwarded to Major-General Butler at Fort Monroe. The flag-of-truce boat New York is now at Baltimore preparing to take the invalids from that city,

---------------

*Form of report (monthly) accompanying this circular here omitted.

---------------

