
Question. What do you understand by the secret political organization spoken of by Charles L. Hunt?

Answer. Simply Mr. Hunt's own version, "Corps de Belgique. "

Question. Do you know of the existence of an organization called the "Corps de Belgique?"

Answer. I do not. Mr. Hunt's allusion to it upon his examination was the first intimation I had of it.

Question. Do you know of the existence of a secret political organization called the "Order of American Knights?"

Answer. I do not.

Question. Do you know of the existence of an organization called the "Knights of the Golden Circle?"

Answer. I do not.

Question. Are you now or have you been within the last twelve months a member of any secret organization having for its object the destruction of the present General Government?

Answer. I am not now and have not been.

Question. Is there another man in the city of Saint Louis or State of Missouri by the name of John Shore who is a practicing physician?

Answer. Not another by that name who is a physician.

Question. Do you as a member of the Masonic order regard the obligations exacted from each member thereof as sacred and of paramount consideration?

Answer. Most assuredly.

Question. Do you regard the obligations of all secret orders in like manner?

Answer. Among all honorable men an oath is sacred and binding.

Question. Have you directly or indirectly heard within the last six months that an order called the "Corps de Belgique," or Order of American Knights, existed here in Saint Louis or State of Missouri or elsewhere?

Answer. Only through Mr. Hunt and the public journals.

Question. What did Mr. Hunt say of the order of the "Corps de Belgique?"

Answer. He said that the assistant provost-marshal-general informed him that he had known of its existence some two months. This was when Mr. Hunt was under examination. Mr. Hunt added that he had never heard of either of those orders.

Question. Are you under oath permitted to reveal the secrets of Masonry before a court of justice?

Answer. I am not.

Question. Are you desirous of a speedy release from your present prison confinement?

Answer. I am.

Question. Have you within six months last past presided over a meeting or council on the corner of O'Fallen and Broadway streets in the city of Saint Louis?

Answer. I never have.

Question. Have you any acquaintances by the name of Harris?

Answer. I have not.

