
Question. Are you now or have you ever been a rebel sympathizer?

Answer. I was born in Virginia. Nearly all my relatives are in the South. With those who are related by ties of blood I always have left an interest in, but with the rebellion proper I have no sympathy.

Question. Will the oath of allegiance to the Federal Government conflict with your sense of duty to your relatives in rebellion and with your present sentiments entertained in reference to the rebellion itself?

Answer. My relatives would discard me-already have; but my sense of honor will never permit me, if I assume that obligation, to deviate one jot or tittle.

JOHN SHORE.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th day of July, 1864.

J. C. DODGE,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

H.

SAINT LOUIS COUNTY.

MAJOR: I suppose you have begun to think that I was captured or you would have heard from me sooner; but I was taken sick soon after I got in, and have not been able to do much, though I have made arrangements so in two weeks I can give you anything you wish. Tell General Price that before I got here Hunt was arrested and is still in Gratiot Street Prison, and I have been trying ever since to get to see the man that is acting in his place, and did not succeed until yesterday; also that I start in a day or so to see those other men that he wished me to. My informant, form Howard County, states that the bushwhackers, as the Federals style them, are forcing all the citizens to take one side or the other. It has now three regiments on duty in Saint Louis, numbered Q-X. Two of them having been in several years and the other a month or two. It is E. M. M. All of the State are enrolled in the E. M. M.

Mr. Hunt's successor, whose name I am not allowed to mention, advised me to remain here permanently, which I will do until I get sufficient information, and then if I do not hear from you I will come down. I sent a message in by man you wished me to, and I send in to-morrow VI letter from you wife. I find some men here that say they will come out after harvest. I understand the men here that say they will come out after harvest. I understand the man you wanted to send that horse is Union, therefore I will try and send it. If it is anything you want, do not hesitate in sending to me for them.

J. M. C. t. Z.

J. E. L. or 21.

MAJOR: I send by Sharp a black mare to you, also three men. There were to have been ten more, but they failed to get here in time. I will send them as soon as possible. Stansbry failed to get letter through he promised to. I will attend to it myself. Send to Lacey, Able &amp; Co., and there he will get a letter directed to J. Morgan. It will give him all information necessary. Send Sharp back, he is a splendid pilot.

I.

ANDREW KIRKPATRICK, of lawful age, being duly sworn, deposes and says that he is an inmate of Gratiot Military Prison, and has ample facilities for hearing of events connected with the Order of

