
Question. Was that statement a correct and truthful one?

Answer. Not in all respects.

Question. It what particular respect was said statement untruthful?

Answer. In respect to a particular secret political organization.

Question. You are, then, a member of a secret political organization?

Answer. I am.

Question. What is that secret political organization called?

Answer. I do not know.

Question. When and where were you initiated into said secret political organization?

Answer. In the spring of 1864, in February; I don't like to tell where.

Question. Do you refuse to answer where you were initiated?

Answer. I do.

Question. By whom were you initiated into said secret political organization?

Answer. I decline answering that question.

Question. When you became a member of said political secret organization did you take a solemn oath to observe strict secrecy in reference thereto, and especially not to divulge and names of any members thereof, also the name of said secret political organization?

Answer. I did.

Question. Do you now regard that oath as binding upon your conscience and of paramount consideration to the oath prescribed and administered by civil and military authorities?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. What was-or, rather, what is-the penalty, for revealing the secrets of said order?

Answer. I do not know.

Question. We you a member of said order at the time of your arrest, May 25, 1864?

Answer. I suppose I was.

Question. Are you still a member?

Answer. I suppose I am.

RILEY WHITING.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of September, 1864.

[J. C. DODGE,]

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 209. Richmond, September 3, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XL. Major General J. F. Gilmer, Chief of the Engineer Bureau, will through his department, proceed to effect the drainage and reclamation of the marsh within the stockade inclosure of the military prison at Andersonville, Ga., and its vicinity, agreeably to a plan submitted by Colonel C. B. Harkie, of Fifty-fifth Georgia Volunteers, or to such other plan as may be found most advantageous in accomplish this object.

