
He will impress the necessary labor, or use such voluntary labor as may be afforded by the prisoners at that point.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

September 3, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN H. WINDER,

Commandant C. S. Military Prisons, Andersonville, Ga.:

GENERAL: The following extract from report of inspection of military prison at Andersonville, Ga., of Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler, adjutant and inspector general,* are referred to you by direction of General Cooper:

The Fifty-fifth Georgia is composed of men who were absent from their command at the time their regiment proper was captured at Cumberland Gap. They are thoroughly demoralized, mutinous, and entirely without discipline, and should be at once removed from this point and their place supplied with better troops. The colonel of this regiment, C. b. Harkie, though armed at the time, permitted his men to drag him from a railroad car and march him up and down the platform of the depot, and to take him from his sent, place on a stump, and compel him to go through the manual of arms with a tent pole, and to sign and forward his resignation to the War Department. This last he recalled by a telegram from Fort Valley. He has recently rejoined the command, but dares not assume command of the regiment. * * *

There is no medical attendance furnished within the stockade. Small quantities of medicines are placed in the hands of certain prisoners of each squad or division, and the sick are directed to be brought out by the sergeants of squads daily at 'sick-call" to the medical officer who attend at the gate. The crowd at these times is so great that only strongest can get access to the doctors, the weaker ones being unable to force their way through, the press; and the hospital accommodations are so limited that, through the beds (so called) have all or nearly all two occupants each, large number who would otherwise be received are necessarily sent back to the stockade. Many-twenty yesterday-are carted out daily, who have died from unknown causes and whom the medical officers have never seen. * * *

The sanitary condition of the prisoners is as wretched as can be, the principal causes of mortality being scurvy and chronic diarrhea. * * * Nothing seems to have been done and but little, if any, effort made to arrest it by procuring proper food. * * * The arrangements for cooking and baking have been wholly inadequate, and though additions are now being completed it will still be impossible to cook for the whole number of prisoners. Raw rations have to be issued to a very so limited a supply of fuel they are completed to dig with the hands in the filthy marsh before mentioned for roots, &amp;c. * * * After inquiry I am confident that by slight exertions green corn and other antiscorbutics could readily be obtained. * * * The smallpox hospital is under the charge of Dr. E. Sheppard, Provisional Army, C. S. More than half the cases in it have terminate fatally.

The Adjutant-General directs that you will prefer charges against Colonel C. B. Harkie, and have him tried by court-martial; that you will cause the proper action to be taken to bring the regiment under proper discipline, and in reference to the abuses reported of the medical officer and the want of proper attention, provisions, medicines, and accommodation, that, as the medical officers ad attendants are under your control you will take medical officers and attendants are under your control you will take measures to correct the abuses above mentioned.

These hospitals are placed upon the same footing as Confederate hospital and the supplies furnished are deemed amply sufficient. You will please report what action is taken in reference to the corrections directed.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

---------------

* See report of August 5, p. 546.

---------------

