
[First indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 13, 1864.

Colonel Forno, Major Proctor, Doctor White, Captain Wirz, Captain R. B. Winder will each prepare answer to so much of this report as relates to their several departments and have the answered ready by the time I return to the post.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE.

December 1, 1874.

Respectfully submitted to Honorable Secretary of War.

The extract to which General Winder replies was referred to him by direction of the Adjutant and Inspector General, directing certain action on his part, and in reference to the abuses reported, calling his attention to them and requesting a report of his action.

The extract was returned and the statements of the inspecting officer characterized as false, and replies to them from himself and sub-officers inclosed. These replies were intended to traverse the statements of the inspector, but in no instance is a single statement satisfactorily controverted; on the contrary, they are sustained, and the subsequent report, called for by this office, of Colonel Chandler clearly explains anything that may have been indefinitely expressed and completely establishes the truthfulness of his statement. The return of this extract, the nature of the replies of both General Winder and his officers, the absence of the reports of Colonel Forno (who was present at the conversations between General Winder and Colonel Chandler) and Major Proctor, which were called for in the indorsement of the extract by General Winder, and the unwarranted language of the indorsement, which characterizes the statement as false, all stamp the character of the transaction as quite disingenuous, to say the least, on the part of General Winder, in this, that the extracts were referred to General Winder in letter form the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office with specific instructions and were returned without compliance with those instructions, but with mere attempts at denial; that the replies, although intended to contradict and oppose the statements sustain them, at the same time introducing questions and assertions entirely irrelative to the statement in the extracts; that Colonel present at the conversation between General Winder and Colonel C. and was presumed to have been cognizant of the facts stated, and, although called for, as was the case with Major Proctor, his report is not furnished; that in characterizing the statements "as false" he imputes to Colonel Chandler " conduct unbecoming and officer and a gentleman" upon no evidence to sustain the assertion and without any warrant or necessity for the language.

In view of these considerations and Colonel Chandler's request it is respectfully recommended that such action may be ordered as will relieve Colonel Chandler from the imputation of falsehood and rebuke and officer who seems to be as careless and indifferent respecting the honor of another's reputation as he is reported to be the dictates of humanity.

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

