
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

CAMP SUMTER, Andersonville, Ga., October 8, 1864.

[General S. COOPER:]

GENERAL: I had the honor to receive from your office an extract from report of Colonel Chandler, made when he inspected this post. I need not have waited for the report to have known its tenor, as it was very evident before the inspection was made what it would be. The very great sympathy expressed by the inspectors for the prisoners was so apparent that it attracted the attention of both officers and citizens, ad was these subject of very general remark.

I have the honor to inclosure the reports of the chief surgeon, assistant quartermaster, and of the officer in the immediate charge of the prisoners. To these I refer for answers of the several departments. It will be seen that the inspection was a very superficial one, occupying only a few moments where hours ought to have been devoted, asking for no information and not willing to listed to any. If he done either, his report concerning the sick-call, the digging for wood, the cook and bake house would not have been made, or at least would have been very different. With regard to the shock which Colonel Chandler received on seeing prisoners digging roots their fingers I would state that inside the stockade the various avocations of a city are followed by the prisoners, among others that of keeping restaurant, and for this purpose wood is an article of trade; and if Colonel Chandler had taken the pains to inform himself he would have found these same roots piled ready for sale. As an evidence that wood was not scare I inclose the report of field officer of the day showing that constant fires are kept in the stockade night and day.

In speaking of the sanitary condition. Colonel Chandler is greatly mistaken in saying that nothing had been done to arrest the disease by procuring proper food. Everything was done that could have been done under the circumstances. I had, with the chief commissary of the district and the commissary of the post, long consultations as to the possibility of procuring vegetable diet, and we could devise no plan other than that adopted of issuing peas and rice. As to the absurdity expressed by Colonel Chandler, that green corn and other antiscorbutics could readily be obtained, it is only necessary to say that there are 100 ears of green corn to the bushel; two ears to the man would require 640 bushels of green corn a day. When it is remembered that corn does not mature all to once, and that it is necessary to search the fields and pick out such ears that are fit for use, it can readily be perceived how impossible it would be to provide the necessary quantity for so many men. The country around here is thinly populated and the people had been in the habit of only raising vegetables for their own use. It is evident that a supply for 30,000 men could not be had. I have been a very large portion of the time unable to procure vegetables for any own use, much less for the prisoners.

Colonel Chandler's statement, that baking arrangements in the course of constructions would not suffice to cook for the whole number, is gratifications. The arrangements do suffice to cook for the whole number. The report of the surgeon sets at rest the statement about the smallpox hospital. Colonel Chandler's statement concerning Colonel Harkie is given as a transaction at this post, whereas the occurrence, if it took place, took place at or near Cumberland Gap, and more than a year ago. As Colonel Chandler gives neither time, place, nor witness, charges cannot be framed. The transaction which

