
really did take place at this post, and upon which charges might have been framed, is not mentioned. I am glad to say that the discipline of the Fifty-fifth Georgia Regiment is very much improved.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

I forgot to mention that green corn would not be a very suitable diet for men suffering from diarrhea.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 1.]

[ANDERSONVILLE, GA., September 15, 1864.]

Captain W. S. WINDER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

An attempt to visit all the sick in their quarters would be impracticable, because of their irregular arranged and crowed condition. Ten times the number of medical officers at present on duty at the prison would be inadequate.

Such cases of scurvy as can be admitted to the hospital are supplied with proper.

I have, in previous reports of the sanitary condition of the prison, reported the prevalence or scurvy among the prisoners and suggested the issue of antiscorbutic articles of diet with rations, the practicability or impracticability of which must be determined by commissary department.

Smallpox was introduced into the prison by the prisoners first sent from Richmond. Vaccination was resorted to, and it has now entirely disappeared, no case having occurred since July. One hundred and fifteen cases have been treated, with sixty-seven deaths, an apparently large ratio of mortality. However, the debilitated condition of these men before the attack should not be lost sight of, which rendered them unable to resist the sequelae, a large number of them dying after the subsistence of the primary disease.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISAIAH H. WHITE,

Chief Surgeon of Post.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS COMMANDANT OF PRISON,Camp Sumter, Ga., September [24, 1864].

[GENERAL J. H. WINDER:]

GENERAL: You have sent me a report of Colonel Chandler, concerning the prison at this post, a portion of which refers to the department under my charge, and I most respectfully reply as follows:

Colonel Chandler, in company with Major Hall, entered the prison with me one morning, both gentlemen having been sent here as inspectors. We rode from one part of the stockade camp to the other, I trying to explain, more particularly to Colonel Chandler, everything in connection therewith, and acting, in short, as his guide. I soon found, however, that he paid but little attention to my remarks, seemingly preferring to communicate directly with the prisoners themselves. I saw very soon that he would be made the plaything of cute Yankees, who would give him most horrible descriptions of their sufferings, short and uncooked rations, and unheard-of-outrages perpetrated upon them, owing doubtlessly to the sympathy which his looks indicated he had for them. They told him that the rations issued to them were barely sufficient to sustain life, that more than one-half of the prisoners

