
bake-oven with the same material. In putting up bake-ovens, of which we should have three more, a great many difficulties are to be surmounted, the worst of which is to obtain the necessary castings. Patterns for doors and other things have been sent to Macon for casting over two months ago. We are told they cannot be cast unless we furnish the coke, which can only be obtained in Montgomery. Up to this moment we have not procured any, consequently we have been unable to set the bake-ovens. Large sheet-iron are indispensable to bake the large quality of bread required. We cannot obtain them, but in lieu thereof are furnished with tin pans, which or burnt out and rendered useless in two weeks. When the quartermaster of the post applied to Major Dillard, in Columbus, Ga., for sheet-iron for pans, the major remarked that the sheet-iron should be used for our army, and not for Yankees. The above are some of the reasons why Colonel Chandler found the cooking apparatus insufficient. We were well aware of the fact, and needed not to be reminded thereof by him, unless he could have supplied us with the articles needed, for which we had made strenuous but unsuccessful exertions.

It becomes my duty to add a few words in regard to the sick-call, as this is under my direct control. Colonel Chandler states that the rooms was too small; that only a few sick could get to see the doctors; that the stronger ones pushed the weaker ones aside, &amp;c. If Colonel Chandler had remained at the sick-call (which commences at 8 a. m. and very often continues until after 2 p. m.) longer than fifteen minutes of half and hour, he would have, again, reported differently. I take the pleasure to explain in a few words the modus operandi of the sick-call. At 8 a. m. all the doctors are at their stand. Each doctor has a clerk (who is a prisoner) to take down the name and the disease of the patient. The first that are attended to are those who are merely to be prescribed for without being admitted to the hospital. The number of this class is very large. The sergeant (Yankee) of each detachment must come with his sick to the stand of the doctor. When this class of patients are all prescribed for and returned to their quarters in the stockade then come all those to be admitted to the hospitals. As many as can be accommodated in the hospital are sent there, whilst the balance, if any, are returned to the stockade for the day, to be brought out the following morning, or when the hospital accommodations are such as to receive them. This is not as it should be, but it passes beyond my control, and I am confident that the chief surgeon can maintain his ground upon the question "Why are not more sick admitted from the stockade to the hospital?"

At 4 p. m. the clerks of the doctors receive the medicines, which in the meantime have been prepared for those prescribed for but not admitted to the hospital in the morning, carrying the same to the place where the sick-call is made, where the sergeant (Yankee) of each detachment receives the medicine for his men.

H. WIRZ,

Captain, Commanding Prison.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST REGIMENT GEORGIA RESERVES,Andersonville, Ga., October 4, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN H. WINDER,

Commandant C. S. Military Prisons:

GENERAL: Agreeably to your request of this morning I have the honor to submit the following statement in relation to the furnishing of

