
fuel to the prisoners at Andersonville. As you are aware, I was in command of the forces at this post from about the middle of May until about the 12th of July following, and different times temporarily since. During the period above mentioned I occupied the cabin nearest to and in full view of the stockade. At all times of the night lights could be seen within the inclosure, indicating no scarcity of fuel. It was made my duty to detail daily 100 men as a guard for prisoners to collect wood to be used within the prison. The wood lay scattered in great abundance upon grounds immediately adjacent to the stockade. After the stockade was enlarged a vast amount of heavy pine timber, which had been felled and left upon the ground, was embraced within the inclosure, and the middle wall, composed of large upright timbers, was abandoned to their use. This abundant supply of wood upon the spot induced the suspension of the guard detail for the collection of fuel. I would remark, in passing, to show the supply of axes in the hands of the prisoners, that the middle wall of partition between the new and old stockade, above alluded to, was felled and appropriated by the prisoners in one night. I have time the again, while acting as commander of the troops, and since as field officer of the day, observed from the sentry boxes, and seen also while on a tour of inspection within the interior of the prison, huts constructed of pine poles and rails and covered over with boards, while at the same time small piles of wood could be seen at almost every tent. These huts stand to-day, and, with the fires that still nightly gleam and flash in a thousand places over the area embraced in the prison, demonstrate in a language stronger than words that the prisoners do not suffer or experience any inconvenience from a deficiency of fuel.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JAS. H. FANNIN,

Colonel First Regiment Georgia Reserves, Commanding Guard Forces.

[Indorsement.]

CAMP SUMTER, Andersonville, Ga., October 4, 1864.

I am in command of the Second Regiment of the Georgia Reserve since the 1st of June. I have been field officer of the day repeatedly during that time, and had ample opportunity for judging of the correctness of the statement made by Colonel Fannin, and know it to be true.

C. M. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Second Regiment Georgia Reserves.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

CAMP SUMTER, Andersonville, Ga., October 8, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

GENERAL: Colonel Gibbs, informed [me] last evening that he met Judge McQueen McIntosh, of the district court, Confederate States, and that he told him he had seem Colonel Chandler, who told [him] what his report was or would be, and I had heard from another source that in Macon Colonel Chandler, in a mixed company of gentlemen and ladies, had stated what his report would be, and that the prisoners had been treated with great cruelty. This appears to me to be very wrong. These charges, which are not true, go before the world very much to the detriment of the officer concerned.

Colonel Chandler came here determined to report unfavorably of everything he saw or heard. Immediately on his arrival, and before he

