
could have seen anything, after a short conversation with him, I told the officer that he had determined to report unfavorably and would not see things in their true light. Where he got his information from I am unable to say, for he certainly asked none from me, and so far as I can learn he did not seek it from any officers at the post. As an evidence, Colonel Chandler reports, as a transaction at this post, the occurrence between Colonel Harkie and the Fifty-fifth Regiment, when in fact it occurred, if at all, at

Cumberland Gap, and more than a year ago.

It is very important that the proceedings of the court-martial should return here as soon as possible. These reserves are the most ungovernable set I ever had anything to do with. I wish I could exchange them for some other. Won't it be possible to relieve the brigadier-general? Such an officer at a post like the is very much in the way. Colonel Forno is a very efficient officer, and after him captains and lieutenants are wanted.

Respectfully, yours

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

CAMP SUMTER, Adersonville, Ga., September 3, 1864.

[Major W. BAILEY:]

SIR: Inclosed please find affidavit* in regard to funds expressed you in old issue, which I hope will be satisfactory.

Please sent me at once Treasurer's receipt for amount expressed, as I want to close my accounts.

In reference to remittances requested by your to my favor I will make the following statement: On May 27, pay funds, $73,000 has been received; on August 1, quartermaster's funds, $75,000 has not been received; on August 15, quartermaster's funds, $10,000 has been received and devoted to purchase of greenback per order of Quartermaster-General, and the greenback forward by express; on August 3, $50,000 has not been received, and when it is, is to be turned over to Henry De Veuve, bonded agent for the establishment of a shoe shop at Oglethorpe, Ga., so you will perceive that I am still without any funds whatever, and my credit is gone. I have forwarded estimates for July and August, with list of outstanding debts, &amp;c., and if you only knew what difficulties I have without money I am sure you would try and assist me. Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars would relieve me for a time, and my estimates cover that amount and more. Of course I am speaking of this in addition to the $75,000 quartermaster's funds of August 1, which I am expecting. If I do not get this money I ready do not know what I shall do, except to ask to be relieved from this post. You must recollect that I am in a strange country, only relying on myself, and get no assistance. I ask you as a personal favor to assistant me in this matter. I would willingly purchase the greenbacks for you, but as the Commissary-General has fixed the price at $4. 50 for $ 1 I cannot get them for less.

Respectfully, &c,

R. B. WINDER,

Captain and Post Quartermaster.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

