
CAMP SUMTER, GA., September 3, 1864.

A. R. LAWTON, Quartermaster-General:

SIR: Inclosed please find express received for $2,222. 22, being amount of U. S. currency purchased with $10,000 C. s. currency, by your order, at $4. 50 for $1. Please return me receipt for same.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. WINDER,

Captain and Post Quartermaster.

Daniel Gerhart makes affidavit as to the circumstances of his capture, and asks to be released.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 3, 1864.

Returned to Honorable Secretary of War:

The Yankees have made several strenuous efforts to secure the release of this man. He is represented as being a "wealthy citizens of Ohio. " He and Richardson and Browne of the Tribune seem to be the only citizens for whom the enemy show any solicitude. I most earnestly recommend that Gerhart be held until the last Confederate non-combat is released from prison. I suppose he can have his money.

[RO. OULD.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 4, 1864.

Major General SAM. JONES,

Commanding Confed. Forces, Dept of S. Carolina, Georgia, and Florida:

GENERAL: In my letter of August 15 ultimo I demanded the removal from under our fire on any prisoners of war who might be held by you in confinement at Charleston. In your reply of the 20th ultimo you admit that you still retain prisoners of war at that point, where they are exposed to fire.

I this day learn form recently released prisoners that our Union officers are still kept by your under the fire of our guns. I have therefore to inform you that your officers, now in my hands, will be placed by me under your fire, as an act of retaliation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

ALEXANDRIA, September 4, 1864.

Colonel CHARLES C. DWIGHT,

Commissioner of Exchange, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: On my return from a town in the interior I received your several communications, and I take pleasure in inform you that the supplies of clothing and sanitary stores for the use of the U. S. prisoners at Camp Ford will be allowed to pass our lines. My personal attention will be given to their delivery in such manner as you may desire. I have thought it advisable to come myself with the full rolls of paroled Vicksburg prisoners and request that you meet me near Morganza or Hog Point, that we may more promptly make arrangements for a final exchange between our department. I would suggest that you bring a

