
list of such of our prisoners as were left in New Orleans on account of sickness, &amp;c., at the time of our last exchange. I am informed that your authorities hold at present in confinement C. S. prisoners at Vicksburg, Natchez, and other points, and as they are embraced in the cartel of July 28, they should be exchanged together with those of the Louisiana brigade now in New Orleans, and mentioned in your letter of August 2, 1864.

On the 22nd of July, 1864, pending exchange of prisoners at Red River Landing, you released Captain William Austin on my assurance that Captain John A. Aiken, of the U. S. transport Emma, had been similarly dealt with by General E. Kirby Smith; this fact was confirmed to you at the time by Lieutenant Colonel Leake, U. S. Army; in addition I have with me official documents attesting the same. This, however, will not prevent the release of Captain William M. Dana, of the U. S. transport John Warner. I have sent an order for his release and instructed the officer commanding to send him down after me.

Ex-Major George W. Burns was released on parole on the 24th of June and has doubtless ere this reached his friends. I have his duplicate parole with me and hope you will bring ex-Major Batt Barrow, as agreed between us. Mr. Durable may be released in exchange for Captain Dane.

As the officer and men of the C. S. Navy captured in Mobile Bay do not belong to the Trans-Mississippi Department I do not feel at present authorized to negotiate for their exchange. I have dispatched a special courier to Richmond and will doubtless receive the necessary authorization. Your desire to be furnished with a list of citizen prisoners held by our authorities, including sutlers, civil employees in quartermaster's department, commissary department, &c., will be promptly complied with. I have sent Captain Birchett to Tyler, Tex., for the purpose of having them made out.

I inclose with this a communication from General E. Kirby Smith, commanding Trans-Mississippi Department, to Major General E. R. S. Canby, commanding Military Division of West Mississippi, and also several letters for persons within your jurisdiction, and respectfully request of your courtesy to have them delivered.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IG. SZYMANSKI,

Asst. Adjt. General and Com. of Exchange, Trans-Mississippi Dept.

P. S. -On board C. S. transport Champion, Numbers 3. Captain William M. Dana has just reached me and accompanies the flag.

P. S. Numbers 2. -Near Morganza, September 6, 1864. Your communication (without signature) of the 3rd instant received at this place, and I am the more desirous for a prompt interview.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IG. SZYMANSKI,

Asst. Adjt. General and Agent of Exchange, Trans-Mississippi Dept.

CAMP CHASE, OHIO, September 4, 1864.

Colonel W. P. RICHARDSON, Commanding Post:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of an inspection of camp and prison for the week ending September 3, 1864;

Prison Numbers 1 contains all the rebel officer at this post. It is well policed and is in a healthy condition with the exception of the sink, which is being rapidly drained by a ditch leading from the prison east

