
to the main sewer, running north and south parallel to the prison wall. Prison Numbers 2 contains the same rubbish of which mention was made in my last report in consequence of the barracks still being course of construction, and on which account policing cannot be so thoroughly done. This prison contains the hospitals, which are in a fine healthy condition, the bedding being frequently changed. Things appear neat and clean. Prison Numbers 3 is still being graded and drained, and it is very well policed. The policing could be more thoroughly done if the facilities for cooking were such as to enable the prisoners to have their meals as designated hours. As it is they are cooking form morning until night-all hours of the day. There being only from one to two small inferior cooking stoves for 200 men, it is impossible for them to get their meals ready at any particular hour. I would respectfully recommend that ranges be built in the barracks which will obviate this difficulty. I can be done at a very expense. The labor can be performed by the prisoners. Too much praise cannot be awarded to the officer in charge of the prison (Lieutenant Sankey and Park) for their untiring efforts to maintain order and cleanliness in the prison. Also for their efforts to secure the prisoners from escape. The fence surrounding the camp is being construct, and is, in my opinion, too close to the prison walls on the east and south sides, the east side being only sixty feet and the south side being only forty feet from the prison walls. If the prisoners should succeed in digging forty feet from the prison and coming up upon the outside of the fence their escape would be certain, as the fence is of such a height as to entirely obstruct the view of he guard. With a very slight additional expense to the Government the fence be placed at a proper distance from the prison, which, in my opinion, should not be less than 100 feet. There is a citizens prisoners confined in camp by the name of James M. Lazzel, from Virginia, whom I suspect has been secretly conversing with the enlisted men in camp and] a deleterious influence over them. I would respectfully suggest that he be removed from this camp, or be more closely confined, where he cannot communicate with any enlisted men. The commandant of the post, by the able assistance of the colonel commanding the Eighty-eighth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, has charged the camp from a detestable mud hole to a fine healthy and well-organized camp. Their untiring efforts to promote the health and well-being of the camp deserve the highest commendation.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

F. S. PARKER,

Captain Company D, Camp Inspector.

OFFICE SUPERINTENDENT OF PRISON, September 4, 1864.

Captain JOHN LEWIS, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit herewith my Sunday morning report of he condition of the prison and prisoners. The general condition of the prison is as clean as the nature of the soil and weather will allow. Arrangements are already made to gravel the walks and improve the wagon roads the coming week. More attention than usual has been paid to the policing of grounds. The quarters are in good order. The new kitchens and mess-rooms will be occupied this week. The sicks are all in good order. The sanitary condition of the prisoners remains good, as will be seen by the following: Whole number of prisoners, 2,560; whole number in hospital, 62; deaths since last report,

