
none. I would most respectfully recommend the constructions of a building the size of the wash-house for the occupancy of prisoners desirous of taking the amnesty oath, that they may be freed from the abuse of the other prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. SCOVILL,

Lieutenant Colonel 128th Regiment Ohio Vol. Infty. and Supt. of Prison.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Johnson's Island, September 5, 1864.

The weather has been stormy for the last two days and has put the new mess-rooms to a severe test. The roofs being only of rough boards, inclined only one-quarter pitch, are leaking a good deal. Efforts will be made to remedy the defects. The quartermaster reported the new structures all done on the 3rd instant, and I then turned them all over to Lieutenant-Colonel Scovill, superintendent of the prison. He declined to occupy unless roofs are improved and places provided to store supplies. There has been a persistent effort to intimidate men in the prison who show the least disposition to yield to the United States Government. Their roommates drive them out of quarters nights, and personal violence is not only threatened but often inflicted upon those who are suspected of wishing to take the oath of amnesty. On this account the superintendent of the prison proposes the new structure. I disapprove of if, as it yields the government of the prison to prisoners. I have instructed him that he must protect every man whom he has assigned to quarters, and have no doubt he can do it. There are ways enough to hold the chiefs of mess, or even all of any mess, responsible. But if that is not best mode then the new structure for prisoners with Union tendencies should be built. With this qualification the within report is approved and respectfully forwarded to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

FORT DELAWARE, DEL., September 4, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Communication Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the prisoners of war at Fort Delaware, Del., for the week ending September 2, 1864:

Conduct-good. Cleanliness-prisoners are required to bathe regularly. Clothing-quality inferior and supply sufficient. Bedding-comfortable, consisting of bunks and blankets. State of quarters-clean and comfortable. State of kitchen-in an excellent condition. Food, quality of-very good. Food, quantity of-sufficient. Sinks- clean and well arranged. Policing of grounds-well conducted. Drainage-good and being further improved. Vigilance of guard-excellent. Security of quarters-very good; no prisoners have escaped during this week. Policing hospital-very well conducted. Attendance of sick (nurses)-every possible attention is paid to the sick. Cleanliness of hospital-could not be better. Hospital diet-very good and sufficient. General health of prisoners-about 15 per cent sick. Death average-about two daily.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. AHL,

Captain, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General and Inspecting Officer.

