
anxiety caused by the long imprisonment and ineffable suffering of other sons, compelled to endure more than the horrors of the Inquisition in that terrible open field pen. They are naked, without shelter by day and by night, starved, eaten by vermin, the filthiest of water, not soap, no blankets, sickening, dying, rooting as they stagger and fall to rise no more. Many hoped and prayed long and waited you strong arm to come to their relief, but "Hope deferred maketh the heart sick," and they have sunk into despair insanity. From 6,000 to 8,000 have died and found such graves and no doubt man would put a dog into. Now, is it to be wondered at the these good fathers and friends should manifest dissatisfaction? Your failure to comply with the rebel proposition to a natural exchange of physicians increases this dissatisfaction. Now, in spite of the world, this policy will affect our coming elections. Our enemies are making use of this with effect. To render things worse in the fact that these sorrowing papers can get no letters nor boxes to their sons, and many of these good and influential men have come to the deliberate conclusion that their noble sons are the victims of a heartless, cruel neglect. Doctor Steel said, "If anything could neglect cruel than the rebel treatment of our sons, it is the criminal neglect shown them by our authorities. " Doctor Gould pronounces it "the result of a negligent Administration. " Reverend Warner: "The grossest neglect and ingratitude of the powers that be toward our gallant boys. " Reverend Gibson, that "he can never again respect Lincoln, Stanton, or Bulter. " All hold you responsible. Oh, for God's sake, interpose! It is crushing the patriotism out of the poor prisoners and embittering hundreds of thousand of their friends. Those worse then murdered men you will meet at the bar of God. It is everywhere considered the refine men write in love, but in earnest. We know you can have them exchanged if you give your attention to it.

It is simple murder to neglect it longer.

Your political friend,

D. C. ANDERSON.

I concur in these statement.

J. H. BROWN.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 14, 1864.

The undesigned can only refer to the published letter of Major-General Bulter on this subject.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

CHARLESTON, September 4, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

Please have U. S. officers, prisoners of war, now here removed to some other place under recent orders, taking them entirely from my control. It is very inconvenient and unsafe to keep them here.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

FIFTH AVENUE HOTEL,

New York, Monday, September 5, 1864.

The EDITOR OF THE NEW YORK TIMES:

Inclosed I send you a note from the agent of exchange of prisoners to the Confederate commissioner of exchange, Mr. Ould, in reply to

