
army, are held as political and not as prisoners of war, and are sometimes held in close confinement.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MORRIS,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CONFEDERATE FORCES NORTHERN ARKANSAS,September 5, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Little Rock, Arks:

GENERAL: I send to you wounded two captains of your army, Williams and Odear, whom I propose to exchange for two officers of my command now held by you-Captain George W. Rutherford and Lieutenant Columbus R. White. Aside from the desire to again get my men returned to duty, which is very natural, I am also anxious to exchange your officer, as they are both wounded, and I am, form the nature of the circumstances which surround me, unable to give them the proper and necessary attention. I have addressed you heretofore upon this subject, but never received an answer, and renew upon the broad grounds of a common humanity. Colonel Mitchell, with 453 officers and privates, I have paroled and sent north to the Federal lines under an escort, and I have invariably paroled all men of your command who have been placed in my hands by the fortunes of war. Accompanying the two officers I send the Rev. M. [John A.] Palmer, chaplain of the Fifty-fourth Illinois Infantry, who was sick when his comrades started. He will be released unconditionally, as my Government forbids them to be regarded as prisoners of war.

I must complain of the conduct of some of your troops in their various expeditions and scouts through this country. Mills have been burned, old men and non-combatants murdered, private properly destroyed, and women and children turned out upon the world to beg, steal, or starve. No man, I am convinced, general deprecates such more chivalrous knowledge of the countries and amenities of war than you do, and I prefer, without threatening relation, which only makes bad worse, to lay this matter before you, knowing and believing that none of these outrages have been perpetrated by your order. Lieutenant and Hickman, commanding the escort that accompanies your officer is duly authorized by me to receive all communications you may wish to make.

In case you should not exchange my officers, I have instructed Lieutenant Hickman to release your officers on parole, as I cannot take care of them as I would wish and as their condition demands.

I am, general, with great respect, very truly, yours,

JO. O SHELBY,

Brigadier General, Commanding Northern Section, Department of Arkansas.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. MILITARY PRISON,Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind., September 5, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit herewith report of Lieutenant J. W. Davidson, inspector of the camp, for the week ending September 3, 1864. Every effort is being made with the means at our disposal to

