
kept the camp in good order and in as thorough state of police as possible, and I have every reason to believe that the sanitary condition of the camp has been greatly improved. The fence and guard walk comprising the enlargement will be completed this week, when the prisoners now occupying tents can be removed into the new part.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. STEVENS,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. MILITARY PRISON,Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind., September 4, 1864.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS,

Commanding Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have each day during the week ending September 3, 1864, inspected the general condition of this camp and prisoners therein confined. The sanitary condition of the camp is being improved by being thoroughly policed each day, and is in as good condition as the advantages of the camp will permit. The kitchens and barracks are kept clean by sweeping, which is the only method that can be used for cleaning them, for the very reason that they have nothing but ground floors, which is useless to wash. Every effort is being made that can be to prevent nuisance from being committed in and around the barracks, but it is a very difficult matter, there being so many to watch and every one apparently trying to make all the dirt and nuisance that they can. To sinks that have lately been adopted will be a great benefit to the sanitary condition of the camp if kept thoroughly cleansed each day by hauling the boxes containing the nuisance out of camp and washing them, which is being done every day at present. The rations issued during the week by the commissary of subsistence at this post to the prisoners have been in compliance with the circular issued by the Commissary-General of Prisoners, dated June 1, 1864, and antiscorbutics, such as potatoes and onions, have been issued three times during the week, as follows; Potatoes twice to each man, eight ounces each time; onions once to each man, six ounces.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES W. DAVIDSON,

First Lieutenant, Veteran Reserve Corps, and Inspector.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL OF PRISONERS,

ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,

Rock Island, Ill., September 5, 1864.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON,

Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the condition of the prison and prison hospital for the week ending to-day, as follows:

The prison and hospital buildings, with their kitchens and grounds surrounding, are cleanly and in good order. The clothing and bedding in both departments are in excellent condition. The general appearance of the prisoners is clean and tidy. No change of importance since last report.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CARAHER,

Lieutenant Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps,

Provost-Marshal of Prisoners.

