
Weekly report of the condition of the military prisons of Saint Louis.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 5, 1864.

Condition of Gratiot Street Prison. -Buildings, improving and kept very clean; sinks and yards, clean; kitchen and mess-rooms, all right; cleanliness of prisoners, very satisfactory; quarters and bedding, very satisfactory; hospital, I do not think that there is a military hospital in the country the exceeds this one in accuracy, cleanliness, and system.

Condition of Myrtle Street Prison. -Buildings, kept in good order; sinks and yards, clean; kitchen and mess-rooms, comparatively clean; cleanliness of prisoners, pretty clean; quarters and bedding, improving.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

COLONEL: Respectfully referring to the above notes, your will see that our prisons continue to be in good order. I do, in fact, believe they are improving every day, notwithstanding the inefficiency of the buildings. I have also inspected the new female prison, situated opposite Gratiot Street Prison, and find it a very suitable place, provided that these female prisoners be properly classified according to their character. I have the honor, colonel, to suggest the prostitutes be transferred to the work-house of the city, because they are certainly a nuisance in or near a military prison, and it is, furthermore, a very simple matter to settle for their keeping with the city authorities.

I remain, sir, your obedient servant,

GUST. HEINRICHS,

Major and Inspector.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo, September 7, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel William Hoffman, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners, approved.

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, NAVY DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, September 5, 1864.

Colonel ROBERT OULD, Agent of Exchange, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I transmit herewith for such action as you may deem proper the paroles given 190 prisoners captured by Commander John Taylor Wood during the late cruise of the Tallahassee under his command. I suggest, however, that if practicable they may be exchanged for the crews of the Tennessee and Selma, vessels of the C. S. Navy, lately captured by the enemy in Mobile Bay.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.

