
RICHMOND, VA., September 5, 1864.

Major General SAM. JONES, Charleston, S. C.:

The Federal prisoners at Charleston cannot be removed. Emergencies have arises that will necessitate the sending of other prisoners to that city, and orders to that end have been given General Winder.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CHARLESTON, September 5, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

Brigadier-General Gardner informs me that a large number of prisoners have been ordered from Andersonville to this place. Please have the order revoked or send me additional troops. It is with great difficulty that these now here can be guarded; no others can be at present.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., September 5, 1864.

General JOHN H. WINDER, Andersonville, Ga.:

Take immediate measures for sending the prisoners at Andersonville and Macon to Charleston and Savannah.

Push forward to completion the prison at Millen, that some of the prisoners at Andersonville may be sent there as soon as possible.

Cannot part be at once prepared before completion of the whole prison grounds?

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

FIRST DIVISION C. S. MILITARY PRISON HOSPITAL,

September 5, 1864.

Surg. E. D. EILAND,

In charge First Division C. S. Military Prison Hospital:

SIR: A officer of the day for the past twenty-four hours I have inspected the hospital and found it in as good a condition as the nature of the circumstances will allow. A majority of the bunks are still unsupplied with bedding, while in a portion of the division the tents are entirely destitute of either bunks, bedding, or straw, the patients being compelled to lie upon the bare ground. I would earnestly call your attention to the article of diet. The corn bread received from the bakery, being made up without sifting, is wholly unfit for the use of the sick, and often, as in the last twenty-four hours, upon examination the inner portion if found to be perfectly raw. The meat (beef) received by the patients does not amount to over two ounces per day, and for the past three or four days no flour has been issued. The corn bread cannot be eaten by many, for to do so would be to increase the diseases of the bowels, form which a large majority or suffering, and it is therefore thrown away. All then that is received by way of subsistence is two ounces of boiled beef and a half pint of rice soup per day, and under these circumstances all the skill that can be brought to bear upon their cases by the medical officers will avail nothing. Another point to which I feel it my duty to call your attention is the deficiency

