
of medicines. We have but little more than indigenous barks and roots with which to treat the numerous forms of disease to which our attention is daily called. For the treatment of wounds, ulcers, &amp;c., we have literally nothing except water. The wards, some of them, are filled with gangrene, and we are compelled to fold our arms and look quietly upon its ravages, not even having stimulants to support the system under its depressing influences, this article being so limited in supply that in can only be issued for cases under the knife. I would respectfully call your earnest attention to the above facts, in the hope that something may be done to alleviate the suffering of the sick.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. CREWS PELOT,

Assistant Surgeon, Provisional Army, C. S., Officer of the Day.

CONFIDENTIAL. \ HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,

Meridian, Miss., September 5, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel N. G. WATTS,

Commissioner of Exchange, Jackson, Miss.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to suggest to you the propriety of attempting an immediate exchange of the prisoners lately captured at Mobile. He is exceedingly anxious to have both the land and naval forces released. I you cannot effect a completed exchange, but can a partial one, for a portion of them, he thinks the return of Colonel Anderson and the six companies of the Twenty-first Alabama Regiment the least desirable.

Respectfully, yours, &c.,

POWHATAN ELLIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[SEPTEMBER 6, 1864. -For Foster to Halleck, referring to release by General Samuel Jones of a number of surgeons and chaplains, and inclosing copy of Jones' letter of August 25, 1864, in relation to his jurisdiction over the prisoners at Andersonville, see Series I, Vol. XXXV, Part II, p. 272.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, September 6, 1864.

Major-General FOSTER, Department of the South:

GENERAL: Before acting upon the application of rebel officers who have applied to take the oath of allegiance, the Secretary of War wishes to know their names and rank, and to what States they belong.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,H. W. HALLECK,

[SEPTEMBER 6, 1864. -For Foster to Jones, in relation to release of non-combatants, &c., see Series I, Vol. XXXV, Part II, p. 274.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,

Hilton Head, S. C., September 6, 1864.

Brigadier General R. SAXTON,

Commanding Northern District, Dept. of the South, Morris Island, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have received private information that our officers, prisoners in Charleston, intend attempting an escape on Wednesday or

