
Thursday night. This fact I wish kept secret, but desire that preparations may be made to aid them. For this purpose order the boat infantry of the One hundred and twenty-seventh New York Volunteers (which needs an opportunity to redeem its name) to prepare to attack the enemy's picket-boats on those two nights, and even on Friday night, and to drive them off the neutral ground. If the naval launches co-operate, as is now proposed, two or three of them are to come around in the inside from Light-House Inlet to Paine's Dock, whence, staring our at night, passing between Fort Johnson and Fort Sumter, and then sweeping past and around Sumter, the enemy's picket-boats may all be captured.

I also desire that another expedition be prepared to enter Dewees' Inlet, with three light-draft steamer, loaded with sharpshooters, and towing navy barges, to make a landing on the main land in rear of Mount Pleasant, and to scout across toward Hobeau Point, to aid any of our officers who may try to escape that way.

Captain Suter, engineers, will be with this party to reconnoiter.

Yours, &amp;c.,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. -No demonstration, however, will be made on the nights mentioned, but a bright lookout will be kept by the boat infantry, some of which will be concealed in the marsh grass at or near Paine's Dock, and should any movement on the part of the enemy show that our officers have made the attempt the boats will proceed with all dispatch to their assistance. I wish no demonstration made on those nights which might put the enemy on the alert.

THOMAS J. ROBINSON,

First Lieutenant, &c.

MORGANZA, September 6, 1864.

Colonel C. C. DWIGHT, Government Commissioner of Exchange:

Your dispatch for Colonel Szymanski were received this evening, and a few moments after their receipt I received a note from the colonel informing me that he was at my pickets and wished to see me. I have just returned from a visit to him. I delivered your dispatches and received some for you, which I send down on the Kate Dale to-night by Captain Huntley, of my staff. Colonel Szymanski desires to see you in person and will wait your arrival at Mr. Printenles, about eight miles from my lines. Please answer.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., September 6, 1864.

Surg. T. M. GETTY,

Act. Medical Inspector Prisoners of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: You will proceed at once to make an inspection of the miliary prisons or camps south of the Ohio River and west of Virginia, excepting Louisville. You will begin at Nashville, and from there proceed to Columbus, Ky., Memphis, Vicksburg, Little Rock, Baton Rouge, New Orleans, and such other places at which prisoners of war are held as may come to your knowledge. In making your inspection you will be governed by the following instructions: Make a minute examination of the sanitary condition of the prisons and the general management of the several

