
State, is a gentleman about seventy years of age, of feeble health, and a minister of the gospel of peace. Mr. Hodges is a cripple, whose aged mother mourns the death of one gallant son who nobly fell in leading his regiment in Pickets' bloody charge at Gettysburg, and another who has subsequently died, leaving only this crippled one, who is now at hard labor at Cape Hatteras and fed only bread and water. The other gentlemen are all over military age, all have large and dependent families, and are estimable, worthy, and patriotic citizens of the Commonwealth, who have freely given their sons and their substance in support.

Can you, sir, as the Chief Magistrate of Virginia, do nothing to effect the release of these her children from a position so humiliating, so disgraceful, from suffering so undeserved?

I cannot believe that the voice of the old Commonwealth, after all she has suffered, after all she has done and is willing yet to do, will not be heard by the Confederate authorities when she appeals to them in behalf of her unlawfully, illegally, and unjustly imprisoned citizens, and I beg of you to interpose and entreat our Government to do something to effect their release.

I also called your attention the case of Rev. Issac W. K. Handy, a Presbyterian clergyman, of Portsmouth, who, for no offense except his devotion to our cause, has over twelve months been closely confined as a prisoners at Fort Delaware. I beg of you also bring his case to the attention of the Confederate authorities, and, if possible, effect his release or exchange.

These people are my people, whom I have known all my life; good citizens, honest men, worthy patriots, and in their behalf and that of their suffering families I appeal to you, as the Chief Magistrate of our proud old Commonwealth, to interpose for their relief.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. GRICE,

Senator, Third District.

[First indorsement.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,

August 27, 1864.

This paper is respectfully referred to the President, having made ineffectual efforts through Commissioner Ould. I now appeal to the President for redress in the premises. Is there no remedy for such atrocities? I respectfully submit that stern retaliation is the only means by which to obtain relief.

WM. SMITH.

[Second indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 1, 1864.

Referred to Commissioner Ould for report, &amp;c.

J. D.

SPARTANBURG, S. C., September 6, 1864.

President DAVIS:

SIR: The Presbytery of South Carolina at its recent session passed a resolution making it my duty to ascertain whether missionaries can be sent, under any sort of arrangement and what, to minister to our brave but unfortunate soldiers now held as prisoners of war at the North. I have thought the best mode of ascertaining this was by

