
a lieutenant-commander I had previously informed the Department that I should send Admiral Buchanan, Commander Johnston, Lieutenant-Commander Murphy, and Lieutenants Bradford and Wharton, North, to be disposed of as the Government might directs. I am therefore unwilling that any of these officers should be exchanged here until I receive direction from the Secretary of the Navy.

May I request that you will favor me with a list of our prisoners in Texas which the rebel authorities claim to hold?

Very respectfully,

D. G. FARRAGUT,

Rear-Admiral.

P. S. -Since writing that above all the officers named except Admiral Buchanan have gone North in the U. S. S. Queen.

FORT MONROE, VA., September 7, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

No special agreement has been made with Mr. Ould on the subject of the delivery of invalid prisoners. It is, however, understood we will return their prisoners who are in like condition. An order was issued about August 20 for all medical officers at Savannah and Charleston to be delivered to U. S. authorities at those places. All others were ordered sent to Richmond for delivery to me.

JNO E. MULFORD,

Major and Assistant Agent for Exchange.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., September 7, 1864.

General SAMUEL JONES, Charleston, S. C.:

I see no alternative but temporarily to send part of Andersonville prisoners to Charleston. I have telegraphed General James Chestnut to furnish, if possible, from the reserves the requisite guards.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CHARLESTON, September [7], 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

A large number of prisoners have arrived at Savannah, and I am informed will continue to arrive at the rate of 1,000 per day for several days. I was not notified that they were to be sent and no preparations were made. General McLaws has not troops enough to guard them and I have none to send him. With my present force large numbers of prisoners cannot be guarded here and at Savannah, one or both of which places will probably be soon attacked. I respectfully ask that Brigadier-General Chestnut be ordered to guard them at or near Columbia or Kingsville, where stockades may be controlled. It is exceedingly embarrassing to me to have so many prisoners to provide for, and it is made the more embarrassing by the fact that they are under the control of Brigadier-General Gardner, who is in Richmond and in no way under my orders.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

