
CHARLESTON, September 7, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

I believe the enemy is now landing Confederate officers, prisoners of war, on Morris Island. As the Yankee prisoners here have been placed under Brigadier General W. M. Gardner I am not authorized to make any change in their position. If the Department thinks proper to retaliate by placing Yankee officers in Sumter and other batteries, let the order be given; prompt action should be taken.

Please instruct me what, if any, authority I have over prisoners.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

ANDERSONVILLE, September 7, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Prison very nearly complete and admirably adapted to the purpose. Large amount of properly at the post; nineteen guns mounted in the batteries. Prisoners commence to move this morning. Instruct me what to do when prisoners are all gone.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

THOMSON, GA., September 7, 1864.

PRESIDENT: Permit a poor man to say a word in these days of trouble and distress. Please read the sixth chapter in Second Kings. Follow the example of the King of Israel. Send the prisoners at Andersonville home on their parole. Send them home before the cold proves more destructive of their lives than the heat has been in the open and unshaded pen your officer provided for them.

It will prove the greatest victory of the war and do our cause more good than any three victories our noble troops have gained.

With the most profound respect, your unworthy servant,

C. H. STILLWELL.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 14, 1864.

Refers to sixth chapter, Second Kings, and recommends sending home on parole the prisoners at Andersonville. the chapter is twenty-eighth Chronicles.

Respectfully referred, by direction of the President, to the Honorable Secretary of War.

BURTON N. HARRISON,

Private Secretary.

File.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, September 8, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, &amp;c., Washington:

DEAR SIR: We are going to send by the Circassian on her next trip to Charleston all the officers and seamen of the rebel Navy held by us, as there is now a fair prospect of exchanging them for ours imprisoned in the South. The Department has lists of those in Fort Lafayette and Fort Warren, but I think there are some others a Fort Delaware or Point Lookout. Midshipman Frank Arthur, captured on the Potomac, was turned over to the provost-marshal here few months

