
since, and several others were taken in a vessel called the Oconee, off Savannah, last fall, viz: Actg. Master William, First Asst. Engineer Peter F. Vanderveer, Third Asst. Engineer Peter Faithful, Asst. Surg. C. M. Morfit, and eleven petty officers and seamen. Are these persons still held by us; and if so, can you tell me where they are? Those of the Oconee were taken to Philadelphia and the men, I believe, were subsequently sent to Point Lookout. If you a record of any other officers and seamen of the rebel Navy the Department would be glad to know where they are.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary of the Navy.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,In the Field, September 8, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN, Commanding U. S. Forces, &c.:

SIR: I have the honor to propose an exchange of prisoners, officer and men, captured by both armies since the commencement of the present campaign, the exchange to be made man for man, and the equivalents to be allowed as regulated by the stipulations of the cartel. Should you accept this proposition a meeting can take place between officers especially commissioned to make the preliminary arrangements to effect the exchange. This flag of truce is borne by my staff officers, Major J. b. Eustin, assistant adjutant-general, and Captain W. A. Reid, accompanied by an escort of six mounted men and an ambulance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. HOOD,

General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., September 8, 1864.

General J. B. HOOD, Commanding Confederate Army:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of this date and accept your offer to exchange prisoners of war on hand at this moment. I fear most have already gone North, but have to ascertain what number, about, are on hand, and I may also stop such as have not gone beyond Chattanooga. The basis of exchange will be the old cartel. I will send an officer, with a more detailed account of prisoners on hand, to-morrow to Rough and Ready to confer with any one you may name. After prisoners reach Nashville and beyond they properly fall under the jurisdiction of the commissioner, Colonel Hoffman.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., September 8, 1864.

General E. K. SMITH,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 26th ultimo in relation to prisoners of war captured at

