
I telegraphed Major-General Cobb to send me help if possible. He replies that General Hood has directed him to send all his reserves stationed at Macon to General Winder. Up to this time only two companies and a half of guards for prisoners have arrived here. These I have retained. The officer in charge has created the impression among the prisoners that they have been brought here to be exchanged. This impression, however, will be removed in a few days.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. McLAWS,

Major-General Commanding.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, September 10, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the War Department.

I have already by telegraph given my opinion in this case, and beg leave to repeat that, with the forces now under my command, in the event of a determined advance of the enemy the difficulty of holding Charleston and Savannah will be greatly enhanced by the presence of so many Federal prisoners. I will, of course, do all in my power to defend this department and guard that prisoners with the very limited means at my command, but deem it my duty to express my decided opinion that an advance in such force as was made in July last would compel me to withdraw all guard from the prisoners and trust to the railroad authorities to remove them without guards than such as the companies could furnish. I respectfully urge that the prisoners be sent away from Charleston and Savannah. Small as my force is I would rather detach a part of it to guard prisoners at some point in the interior rather than be embarrassed by their presence at two such important and exposed points.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

November 10, 1864.

The prisoners have been removed from Savannah and Charleston.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Colonel J. S. Scott, forwarding an anonymous letter relative to the treatment of the Port Hudson prisoners at New Orleans.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 8, 1864.

Returned to the Honorable Secretary of War.

These Port Hudson prisoners have all been declared, exchanged. How they got to New Orleans, why they went there, or what right the enemy had to confine them after administrating to them what they claim to be a valid parole, I cannot see. I suppose the fact is that most, if not all, of them were residents of New Orleans, and upon the fall of Port Hudson committed the folly of returning to their homes and thus putting themselves in the enemy's power. Upon the appearance of

