
honor to inclose to Your Excellency a copy of a telegram* just received by the President from Colonel Wood, of his staff, telling of some of the avails of our victory in the way of materials and personnel captured from the enemy.

I am, sir, with high regard, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

HOUSTON, April 21, 1864.

Captain W. G. WEBB:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that it is his desire to render the political prisoners under your charge as comfortable as the times and circumstances will permit; and whereas he does not deem it advisable to allow them too many privileges nor too much latitude, yet he is willing they shall be permitted such articles of luggage, &amp;c., as will conduce to their comfort and such exercise as will be necessary and beneficial to their health. Not more than two will be allowed to exercise at once. Such repairs as you deem necessary to place upon the prison and grounds you will call upon the post quartermaster to do. The necessary expenditures will be approved at these headquarters.

He does not desire too many persons of the family to visit them at once, but in case of those who have obtained passports so to do you will allow the privilege to such an extent as in your judgment is deemed advisable. In using the term "one visit" it was intended to have been written "one trip. " The utmost vigilance must be used, and such additional inspections of quarters, &c., as will prevent their reception of firearms or other instruments by which to effect their escape.

In regard to correspondence, all letters, both to and from the prisoners, must be forwarded to these headquarters for perusal before reaching their destination.

L. G. ALDRICH,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, April 22, 1864.

His Honor DANIEL COLLINS, Mayor, Portsmouth, Va.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 14th instant, addressed to the President, proposing to visit the military prisons and examine the cases of citizens of Portsmouth, with a view to the release of those whom you can vouch for and recommend, I have to inform you that it is not considered expedient to grant the request, as prisoners of war are afforded every opportunity to submit their cases for consideration and action.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

[APRIL 23, 1864. - For Grant to Butler, relating to exchange of prisoners, see Series I, Vol. XXXIII, p. 957.]

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. LI, Part II, p. 870.

---------------

