
Brigadier-General Govan is at Chattanooga and can be brought back. I would like to have General Stoneman and Captain Buel.

I am, with respect, yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, September 9, 1864.

Major-General HITCHCOCK,

Agent for Exchange, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I forward you a copy on informal inquiries made by the Confederate agent of exchange of me. Please at the earliest possible moment furnish me with full official data by which I shall be able to make intelligent answered.

I think they can be advantageously used in my negotiations with the Confederate commissioner.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant, &amp;c.,

BENJ. F. BULTER,

[Inclosure.]

Dr. Alexander Greenwood, recruiting in Macon County, Tenn., on the 28th of September, 1863, with his friend Campbell, after capture were short, Campbell being killed and Greenwood badly wounded in the head and arm broken. This was done by a regiment of Kentucky troops.

Lieutenant Petticord, of Morgan's command, and seven others were shot just before Christmas, 1863, by the Seventy-first Ohio Regiment, under special orders from Brigadier General E. A. Paine, without trial. There is a witness who saw the dead bodies after execution.

Surg. D. D. Carter, Grigsby's Kentucky cavalry, is not in confinement in Fort Lafayette. He was captured in July, 1863, and has been held ever since in one prison or another. Why is this? Major W. P. Elliot is in solitary confinement at Fort Delaware. He is an officer of the Confederate service. Why is this?

Captains D. C. Douglas, Davis, Smith, and Miller are in solitary confinement at Johnson's Island. Witnesses have seen them. Why is this?

Embert, Hearn, and Lyon, recently condemned to death as spies in Maryland, are regularly enlisted soldiers in Company B, Maryland Battalion cavalry. They left in March last to visit their relatives in Maryland, expecting to return in a short time. They were arrested. In no sense are they spies. This can be proved. Rodgers, the other convicted party, is a blockade-runner.

It is intended to visit with the death penalty such an offence, if it be one? If these men have not been executed what is proposed to be done with them? Mr. Huddeston, a citizen of Prescott County, Va., an old man, has been confined for a year in Camp Chase. He is perfectly harmless, and I am satisfied if his case is looked into he will be released. He is charged with no offence.

It is represented that a Mr. Lamar, of Tennessee (formerly an editor), was shot at Fort McHenry about the 15th of July last. Will you please make inquiry into the fact? John H. Barnes and Philip Trammell, regular Confederate soldiers, belonging to Colonel Mosby's command, have been sent to the Albany Penitentiary, for what as any soldier in General Lee's army. Why is this done? Unless these men are released

