
prompt and efficient measures of relation will be taken. This is not the first time Mosby's men have been so treated. Unless they are released Major Forbes and Captain Manning, of the Second Massachusetts Cavalry, will be sent to a similar place of confinement.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, September 9, 1864.

Honorable ROBERT OULD,

Commissioner of Exchange of the Confederate Authorities:

SIR: I propose that the belligerent parties, waiving all other questions, shall from time to time exchange all sick and invalid officers and men who from wounds or sickness shall, in the judgment of the party holding them, be unfit for duty and likely to remain so for sixty days.

I make this proposition in order to alleviate the sufferings of those unable to bear the confinement incident to a prisoners of war, and whose condition might be benefitted by the comforts of home and medical treatment by their friends.

I trust and believe that this measure of obvious humanity will meet your agreement, as I am satisfied no advantage can accrue to either party by retaining such men in confinement. As a further evidence of the strong desire on the part of this Government to expose their soldiers to as little hardship as possible, consistently with such action as they feel called upon to take to observe their good faith, pledge alike to all soldiers, although it will involve the Government in a very considerable expense, yet, to save the sick and suffering a long and tedious transportation by rail, I will receive such invalid officers and soldiers of the United States as may be confined in the States of North and South Carolina and Georgia at Fort Pulaski, near Savannah, and will transport thither any such invalids of the Confederate forces as may be in our possession who can be more easily carried thither. Other invalid prisoners in the Western departments I will deliver at such points on the Mississippi River as may hereafter be agreed upon; the invalid soldiers of the United States to be received in exchange therefor who are convenient to those points. Full rolls of invalids so exchanged to be kept, so that the equivalents may be adjusted hereafter.

Asking the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BULTER,

Major-General and Commissioner of Exchange.
HDQRS. DEPT. OR VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, September 9, 1864.

Honorable ROBERT OULD:

SIR: As by the act of the Confederate authorities passed February 17, 1864, "all white men residents of the Confederate States between the ages of seventeen and fifty shall be in the military service of the Confederate States for the war," I am instructed to notify you that all white persons between those ages, residents of the Confederate States, captured by our forces will be held and deemed to be soldiers of the Confederate Army, and will be treated as prisoners of war and held for exchange.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

BENJ. F. BULTER,

Major-General and Commissioner for Exchange.

