
Fugitives come in here frequently from that part of the State where you have been operating with loud tales of outrages and appeal to me for charity. I have heard no person accuse you of sanctioning any oppression of non-combatants. On the contrary I have always heard it said that you punish your men, as well as bushwhackers, for committing outrages against the laws of war and humanity.

Very respectfully,

FREDK. STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding Department of Arkansas.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., September 9, 1864.

Colonel B. J. SWEET, Commanding, Chicago, Ill.:

COLONEL: You will take immediate measures to remove the smallpox hospital at Camp Douglas from its present location to the site selected for it at Dull Grove. As the first step you will secure the lease of the ground for the war on the terms which have been proposed to you, as you informed me verbally, free of cost to the Government. The two wards when completed will be very much of their present character, with perhaps a few windows to give better ventilation. It may be necessary, as a protection against the severe weather of winter, to plaster the ceilings. It will not be necessary to raise the building more than one foot from the ground. Three, as proposed in the estimate, adds considerably to the quality of lumber required and increases the expense. With these modifications the plan submitted is approved. The expense will be paid from the prison fund, and economy must be studied in every particular.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., September 9, 1864,

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Fort Delaware, Del.:

GENERAL: A number of persons have informed me that correspondence between prisoners at Fort Delaware and their friends is no longer permitted. If any other restrictions than those contained in paragraph 17 of the circular of April 20 from this office have been put on prisoners' correspondence, please inform me of their character and by what authority it has been done.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., September 9, 1864.

General SAMUEL JONES, Charleston, S. C.:

I am compelled to send prisoners where I can, not where I will. I have no alternative but to send part to Charleston, but number will probably not exceed 5,000 to 8,000 and their stay temporary.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

