HEADQUARTERS GEORGIA RESERVES,Macon, Ga., September 9, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

MY DEAR SIR: I was gratified to learn from your letter that you fully concurred in the necessity of an exchange of prisoners. The more I reflect upon it the more important do I regard the necessity of effecting an exchange upon any terms that can be got. I venture to make another suggestion in the event the Yankees refuse to exchange at all. It is this: To find out all the prisoners (who are privates) who are opposed to Lincoln, and to parole and send them home, at the same time addressing a communication through Ould to their commissioner of exchange, saying that as they had attempted to deceive their people with the statement that we would not agree to a fair exchange, we send these prisoners home on parole as practical evidence of our wishes and views about an exchange. As the Yankees have at different times forwarded our prisoners without notice or agreement they cannot complain or take exception to our doing the same thing. By this course we accomplish at least three things: First, we get clear of feeding and guarding that many prisoners; second, we give that many votes and influence against Lincoln' election; third, we show the Yankee people that Lincoln is refusing to exchange for political purposes. We effect everything except getting our own prisoners, and that, I think, will follow. With proper effort the right kind of prisoners could be selected. Only be sure to let no more officers be exchanged. They should be held as hostages for the good treatment of our prisoners. I write in haste to send by private hands, but will add that the feeling in the army and country is improving.

Very truly, your friend,

HOWELL COBB.

[First indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 13, 1864.

To Colonel Ould for his consideration and remark.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Second indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 14, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Honorable Secretary of War.

My view of the matter is that we had better send off disabled men and those whose term of service has expired to the extent of the remaining unexchanged Vicksburg men. I doubt the policy of going further. The Yankees will force the men whose term of service has unexpired into the field, regardless of any parole which they may give. They have done so heretofore. If we send more than the Vicksburg capture it will tend to weaken the pressure which is now bearing upon Lincoln, and which, I doubt not, will force him very soon into an exchange. I fully agree as to the policy of retaining officers (except disabled).

Very much depends upon our holding on to this policy.

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

[Third indorsement.]

For conference with the President.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

