
show that Mr. Dooley is not held as a political prisoner, but as a prisoner of war, to be exchanged like all other prisoners of war, we trust that in accordance with your suggestion in your letter to Mr. Conrad the Federal authorities will release from arrest Mr. Conrad and myself. We were taken as hostages for Mr. Dooley, under the impression that he was arrested because of his sentiments. As the inclosed papers show that the authorities in Richmond hold him as a prisoner of war because they regarded him as employed in some way by the Federal authorities, and not because of his opinions or sympathies, we hope that the Federal officers will perceive that there is not further cause for the arrest of Mr. Conrad and myself, and that they will release us immediately.

Yours, respectfully,

A. H. H. BOYD.

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

Williamsport, Md., January 7, 1864.

Friend DOOLEY:

I am alive and kicking, flourishing, amazingly. I have a small item of business. I wish you would go to Hub. Bell, in the barber shop, and tell him that his name is mixed up very much in that horse scrape and that sooner or later he will be arrested and tried with the rest for it. Knowing what I do about the matter, I would advise him the enlist in the army, as in that way he can escape all the consequences of the offense and besides make something for himself.

There is an officer here who is giving for colored recruits $400 cash, on muster $320, together with same pay and clothing as white soldiers. This I take to be a first-rate chance. If you can persuade him to come on here I may see that he is justly dealt with and gets his dues. If he don't come and prefers running his risks tell him of he sends me over here two men I will do all I can to save him from arrest. Will you as a kindness attend to this? White recruits get $700 cash, on muster $400. Veterans $800 cash, on muster $400. If you can do anything quietly in this way will you give a hand? I might as well say that every man that presents a recruits gets $50 premium. I should like to have a chance to divide a few fifties with you. William Burns, colored, of Winchester, has enlisted here. Say nothing about it, as it is preferable to keep shady.

Will you give me a little help in this matter? There are dozens of negroes around Winchester who would go in if they knew how; also some around Martinsburg. Give me an answer if possible by return mail. Kind regards to all.

Yours, very respectfully,

GEORGE H. HAMMER,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

[First indorsement.]

General WINDER:

This man has evidently been in the employment of the enemy. Let him be placed among the prisoners of war and kept securely as such, in like manner as those with or enlisting slaves would be.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT, February 22, 1864.

This paper, a copy of the original found on the person of William Dooley when arrested, with the indorsement of the Secretary of War,

