HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 11, 1864.

Major General SAM. JONES,

Commanding Confederate Forces in S. Carolina, Georgia, and Florida:

GENERAL: I would respectfully request that the Reverend Father Hasson, Catholic priest, be permitted to enter your lines with and in charge of ninety-eight boxes of sanitary stores, with permission to go with them, and to superintend their distribution among the U. S. soldiers, prisoners of war at Andersonville, and that he be permitted, after performing this duty, to return to this department. I also desire Father Hasson to take to the above-mentioned officers and privates about $800, which has been contributed for their benefit by the officers, soldiers, and employees of the United States Government in this department, and would respectfully ask you to inform me if it will be allowed to send these funds in U. S. currency.

Should you consent to my request I would be pleased to have you inform me when and where you will receive the stores. It will be more convenient for me to deliver them at Savannah or Charleston.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF AGENT OF EXCHANGE,

New Orleans, September 11, 1864.

Rear-Admiral D. G. FARRAUGUT,

Commanding Western Gulf Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of September 7.

I request to say that the Confederate commissioner of exchange for the Trans-Mississippi Department, whom I have met since writing you, declines to deliver naval prisoners under my agreement with Lieutenant-Colonel Watts unless Admiral Buchanan is included in the exchange.

The other officers who have been sent North were not mentioned by him, I presume for the reason that he supposes they would be included.

I shall regret if this shall prevent the exchange of our naval prisoners in Texas, who have suffered long and severe imprisonment.

I am, admiral, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. C. DWIGHT,

Colonel and Agent of Exchange, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.

U. S. FLAG-SHIP HARTFORD,

Mobile Bay, September 14, 1864.

Colonel CHARLES C. DWIGHT

Agent of Exchange, Military Division of West Mississippi:

SIR: Your communication of the 11th instant has been received, and I regret that the commissioners should take a coercive ground and attempt to name to us conditions which, according to my experience, are rarely if ever taken by commissioners of exchange, except by the direction of their Government.

Officers of the rank of Admiral Buchanan are usually made exceptions to a general rule of exchange, their capture reported to the Government, and their disposition left to its decision; all this has been

