
done in his case, and I now await the further instructions of the Government. The other officers referred to by me have gone North and will not doubt be exchanged for our officers confined in their Southern prisoners.

I shall be pleased to know something of the agreement of exchange which you allude to and what is offered for Admiral Buchanan, in order that I may report the same to the Department, but Admiral Buchanan will not be delivered up without the orders of the Government.

Very respectfully,

D. G. FARRAGUT,

Rear-Admiral.

OFFICE AGENT OF EXCHANGE,

MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

New Orleans, La., September 11, 1864.

Major JAMES R. CURELL, C. S. Army,

Assistant Agent of Exchange, Mobile, Ala.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose to you a communication, addressed to Lieutenant-Colonel Watts from Major Ig. Szymanski, relating to the exchange agreed upon between Colonel Watts and myself. It appears that Major Szymanski had, before the receipt of the letter of Colonel Watts, addressed Judge Ould for his assent to those exchanges. He will await Judge Ould's answer before delivering the prisoners.

I have your letters of August 29 and September 1.

Your have before this time received within your lines all the surgeons and hospital stewards held by us captured east of the Mississippi River.

I regret that I cannot deliver on parole the prisoners named in your letter of August 29. I trust, however, that their exchange will not be long deferred. I also regret that I cannot extend the provisions of my agreement with Colonel Watts to include any prisoners other than those included by its terms.

I have the pleasure of inclosing a letter to yourself, handed me by a member of your family, and two or three other letters to persons within your lines.

I am, major, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. C. DWIGHT,

Colonel and Agent of Exchange, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, September 11, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Soon after I assumed command of this department circumstances came to my knowledge inducing the belief that we had in our midst a secret rebel oath-bound organization, which conducted rebel correspondence, smuggled contraband of war, and patronized boat and military store-house burners organized under rebel auspices, commissioned under rebel authority, and subsidized by the promise from the rebel Congress of a percentage of the property destroyed.

Under these impressions Provost-Marshal-General J. p. Sanderson's attention was directed to the matter, and inquiries, investigations, and well-organized and systematic operations by confidential agents gradually developed the facts that such an organization did exist in this

51 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII.

