
department, active and potent for mischief to the national cause in all the ways above indicated.

It was moreover found that the association had affiliated societies in Indiana, Illinois, Ohio, and New York, believed within the lodges, or "temples," as they are called, to be of very formidable numbers.

The existence of this organization was alluded to in various dispatches respecting the forces deemed prudent in this department as early as the 10th of March. But it was not until the middle of May that the details of evidence as to its extent and operations in those States and in Kentucky were so far known as to make it a fitting matter to be laid before the President. By that time the following were found to be facts:

1. That the organization was known as the "Order of American Knights" or "Sons of Liberty; " had a military organization in which there were five degrees, all members of each degree bound by oath under penalty of death to secrecy and "unquestioning and unhesitating obedience to the orders of their superiors" in the order, having for 'supreme commander" Clement L. Vallandigham, of Ohio, then in Canada.

2. That they estimated their own strength at about 23,000 in Missouri, 8,000 armed; 140,000 in Illinois, 50,000 armed; 100,000 in Indiana, 40,000 armed; 80,000 in Ohio, 50,000 armed; 60,000 in Kentucky, partly armed.

3. That they had plans for attending the Chicago Convention then set for the 4th of July, with the arrangement that Vallandigham was to be there, and that from the expected attempt of the national authorities to arrest him, they would take occasion to commence a series of outbreaks through the whole country, hoping to paralyze the operations of our armies, if not get possession of the Government and compel a peace.

4. That in this work they were to receive co-operation from a movement by the rebels into Missouri, Kentucky, and Pennsylvania.

5. That these ideas were fully known to a similar organization in the rebel States having General Sterling Price for its 'supreme commander" and in their "temples" or company lodges in this department.

6. By secret conference with Governor Brought I found his information as far as it went fully confirmatory of what we had ascertained as was that of Government Morton and General Carrington. The causes for secrecy having passed, I report for the information of the Department what had been done, the conclusions reached, and herewith forward additional information on the subject:

First. The statements under oath of Charles L. Hunt, grand commander; Charles E. Dunn, deputy grand commander, and Green B. Smith, grand secretary of the order for Missouri. *

I called your attention to these facts: that these-formerly and but for their connections and action in this order still respectable-men considered their secret oath of higher obligation than an oath administered by competent authority, and accordingly testified falsely on their first examination.

Second. They show that the order was hostile to the Government, treasonable and revolutionary.

Third. The second roll with accompanying letter from the provost-marshal-general gives a large amount of detailed information showing

---------------

* See inclosures A, B, and C, with Sanderson of August 20, 1864, p. 626.

---------------

