
the operations and ideas prevailing through parts of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri.

Aid to the rebels, Northwestern confederacy, resistance to drafts, and so on, are the staple of their plans.

The latter portion of Taylor's letters show the plans of the members for operating in North Missouri. From the entire drift of the information forwarded it is obvious the whole order in this department [is] rebel, and everywhere at least inclined to rebel sympathy. It works for mischief to the National Government, corrupts public opinion, destroys or impairs the obligations of oaths, and while many of its members mean only to be anti-Lincoln, or anti-abolition, many others go further and require a wholesome application of retributive and preventive justice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, JOHNSON'S ISLAND AND SANDUSKY,Johnson's Island, Ohio, September 11, 1864.

Captain JOHN LEWIS, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Below I have the honor to submit Sunday morning report of the condition of the prison and prisoners:

The grounds of the prison inclosure are not in as clean condition as usual, on account of the transfer of the cooking and messing of the prisoners to the new mess-halls and kitchens, which took place so late in the week that there was not time to thoroughly police. The old difficulty, getting the quarters sufficiently policed, still exists in some of the blocks. In some of them nothing short of cutting off privileges or allowances will induce the occupants to keep them clean. The sinks are in good order. The wagon road are being improved by throwing up the earth and putting on a layer of limestone, the whole covered by gravel from the beach. The walks also are being improved. The sanitary condition of the prisoners continues excellent. Whole number of prisoners, 2,588; last return, 2,560; number in hospital, 53; number of deaths since last report, 1. The difficulty that some wounded and one-limbed prisoners experience in going to and from the mess-halls induces me to recommend that one or two small messes be permitted to cook and eat at their quarters. I would again most urgently recommend that some way be provided to separate those prisoners who have made application to take the amnesty oath from the rest. The most feasible plan, in my opinion, would be to erect a small building within the inclosure, surrounded by a line of stakes, beyond which neither class of prisoners should be allowed to pass.

Very respectfully, yours,

E. A. SCOVILL,

Lieutenant Colonel 128th Ohio Vol. Infantry, Superintendent of Prison.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Johnson's Island, September 11, 1864.

Approved and respectfully forwarded to Colonel W. Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

Some provision for cripples will be much needed. Some better encouragement and more efficient protection for prisoners desirous to take the amnesty oath is undoubtedly required. If they had one of the

