
barracks by themselves I presume it would soon be filled. At present but a very few dare let their sentiments be known.

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

CAMP DOUGLAS, Chicago, Ill., September 11, 1864.

Captain E. R. P. SHURLY, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 317, dated headquarters post, Chicago, Ill., August 22, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following weekly report:

I have made the usual daily inspection during the past week. The prisoners' square is always clean. The barracks are in fair condition. Many of them will need new floors before winter sets in. The carpenters are putting in ventilators, which will add much to the comfort and health of the prisoners. The barracks are yet destitute of windows, but I am informed they will soon be ready for use. The kitchens, with very few exceptions, are scrupulously neat. The supply of water is still inadequate. The messes are as well prepared as the conveniences for cooking will admit. The hospitals are in good condition, but are not large enough for the number of sick. There is still a lack of clothing and blankets. The guard-house remains unrepaired, hence in bad order.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. BRIGGS,

First Lieutenant, 8th Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, and Special Inspector.

SEPTEMBER 11, 1864.

General BRAGG, Richmond:

My offer to Sherman to exchange prisoners was accepted by him for the number he had on hand. He afterward refused to receive his men belonging to regiments whose term of service had expired, and the negotiations have been suspended.

[J. B. HOOD.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., September 11, 1864.

Major-General MAGRUDER, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter dated the 7th instant I am directed by the general commanding to say that it would be useless to endeavor to effect an exchange of prisoners with General Steele; that last spring he sent a flag to Little Rock for that purpose. General Steele reported that it was not in his power to make any other than special exchanges. Major Szymanski has been sent to this department from Richmond as the agent for exchange of prisoners, and he has established a cartel with General Canby's commissioner as a basis of exchange. General Canby commands all the U. S. troops in the Trans-Mississippi Department, and efforts are being made under the cartel to exchange all the prisoners that have been captured by the enemy at Helena and elsewhere. If you deem it advisable you can communicate by flag concerning Captain Rutherford. *

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

* Remainder of communication (here omitted) does not relate to this series.

---------------

