HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,Charleston, September 11, 1864.

Major C. S. STRINGFELLOW, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to state that the number of prisoners in this city is far greater now than I can guard with the force at my disposal; moreover, that any increase will form an element of danger in case of an attack, which may be apprehended at any time, so great as to compromise what chances are left with the force now here to defend the city.

In my opinion, it is an imperative necessity that the prisoners now here should be removed and placed in the interior, unless, indeed, an adequate force is sent to guard and attend to them properly. We can ordinarily guard from 500 to 1,000, but such numbers as are now coming jeopardize the safety of the city, besides forcing us to neglect the important posts on the exterior.

At this season the health of the inhabitants and of the troops defending the city is seriously endangered by the introduction of a large number of unacclimated persons. Yellow fever has already made its appearance, and it may be expected to progress if the number crowded together in the jails and prisons is not reduced at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 255. Washington, September 12, 1864.

The following-named officers and enlisted men of the U. S. Army, having been duly exchanged as prisoners of war by an agreement entered into between Major General J. G. Forter, commanding Department of the South, and General S. Jones, commanding the city of Charleston, are hereby declared so exchanged:

Brigadier General H. W. Wessells, Brigadier General T. Seymour, Brigadier General E. P. Scammon, Brigadier General C. A. Heckman, Brigadier General A. Shaler, U. S. Volunteers; Colonel H. C. Lee, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers; Colonel R. White, Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Colonel W. Harriman, Eleventh New Hampshire Volunteers; Colonel E. Farbella, Eighty-fifth New York Volunteers; Colonel H. L. Brown, One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Colonel T. F. Lehmann, One hundred and third Pennsylvania Volunteers; Colonel E. L. Dana, One hundred and forty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers; Colonel I. G. Grover, Seventh Indiana Volunteers; Colonel O. H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry; Colonel H. C. Bolinger, Seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps; Lieutenant Colonel W. P. Lasselle, Ninth Indiana Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel D. Miles, Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel I. R. Hawkins, Seventh Tennessee Cavalry; Lieutenant Colonel E. Olcott, One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel J. P. Spofford, Ninety-seventh New York Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel S. Moffitt, Ninety-sixth New York Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel T. H. Higinbotham, Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Glenn, Eighty-ninth Ohio Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Burnham, Sixteenth Connecticut Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel W. G. Bartholomew, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel H. B. Hunter, One hundred and twenty-third Ohio Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel E. L. Hayes, One hundredth Ohio Volunteers; Lieutenant

