HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, September 12, 1864.

General J. B. HOOD, Commanding Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have yours of to-day. * You asked to exchange prisoners, and I consented, as far as those which remained in my hands here and this side of Chattanooga. These I will exchange in the manner I have stated and not otherwise. As you could not know those of our men whose terms have expired, I authorized Colonel Warner to say I would receive any number taken of this army between certain dates, say the last 2,000, or in any other single period, but as a matter of business I offered terms that could not be misunderstood.

You have not answered my proposition as to the men captured in Atlanta who are soldiers of the Confederate Army detailed on extra duty in the shops.

I think I understand the laws of civilized nations and "customs of war," but if at a loss at any time I know where to seek for information to refresh my memory. If you will give our prisoners at Anderson a little more elbow room and liberty to make out of the abundant timber shelters for themselves, as also a fair allowance of food to enable them to live in health, they will ask nothing more until such time as we will provide for them.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 12, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit herewith a roll of prisoners of war released by the Confederate authorities at Charleston Harbor on September 3. + They were handed over without equivalent, as noncombatants, upon my agreement to return any who might prove to be combatants by their actual rank. There were but two such, the Rev. Mr. B. Whitney, of the One hundred and fourth Ohio, and Lieutenant J. D. Higgins, of the One hundred and twenty-third Ohio Volunteers. Mr. Whitney is a private in his regiment, although he was at the time of his capture and for several months prior thereto had been acting as regimental chaplain.

I have written to General Jones, offering him one private in exchange. Lieutenant Higgins states his name got upon the list by a mistake of the Confederate officer in charge and not by any active deception of his own. Fearing, however, that he might be punished by the rebels if returned to their hands, I have offered four privates in exchange for him. I have received no reply from General Jones to these propositions.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, September 12, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER, Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: Your application of August 25, to be permitted to send clothing to our troops prisoners of war at Andersonville, had been

---------------

* See 11th, p. 799.

+ Omitted.

---------------

