
you are authorized to order the issue as recommended, but any compensation in money cannot be allowed them. Vegetables can be issued to them only on the recommendation of the sugeon, as in the case of other prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. MILITARY PRISON,Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind., September 12, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit herewith report of Lieutenant J. W. Davidson, Veteran Reserve Corps, inspector of the camp, for the week ending September 10, 1864. The barracks referred to in the inclosed report as being on the north side of the camp will be repaired this week from some old lumber and material which I have been able to collect about the camp. When these barracks are repaired the accommodations for prisoners will be as good as the peculiar construction of the buildings will permit.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. STEVENS,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. MILITARY PRISON,Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind., September 11, 1864.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS,

Commanding Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have during the week ending September 10, 1864, inspected the camp in every respect, and find the general condition of both prison and prisoners is being improved each day in the way of cleanliness, as much as is possible until the clothing required for their present use can be received and furnished them. And by building barracks, or rebuilding the old ones and raising them up from the ground, and putting good, substantial floors in them, they can be kept thoroughly cleansed and in a good, healthy condition by washing them out each day, which is impossible to do at present. I would more particularly call your attention to the barracks on the north side of the camp, which are in need of considerable repairing. The enlargement of the camp is completed, but will require considerable policing and ditching before being used. The barracks already finished in the new inclosure will accommodate, in the manner which it is fitted up at present, 585 prisoners without crowding. This number should be taken from the tents, and the balance of the tents should be struck and pitched on the fresh ground as soon as it is properly policed. The rations issued during the week were strictly in compliance with orders, and potatoes were issued six times during the week at the rate of eight ounces to each man each time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

First Lieutenant, Veteran Reserve Corps, and Inspector.

