
inspector, Lieutenant Dyhrenfurth, who will make a full report of this affair.

* * * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWD. McK. HUDSON,

Inspector-General, Department of the Missouri.

Weekly report of the condition of the military prisons of Saint Louis, Mo.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 12, 1864.

Condition of Gratiot Street Prison: Buildings - condition of this buildings the same as last reported. Sinks and yards-very clean. Kitchens and mess-rooms - very clean. Cleanliness of prisoners-satisfactory. Quarters and bedding-very satisfactory. Hospital-I can only repeat that I consider this hospital as well kept as any in this department.

Condition of Myrtle Street Prison: Buildings-remains to be an old, insufficient place. Sinks and yards-satisfactory. Kitchens and mess-rooms - clean. Cleanliness of prisoners-clean. Quarters and bedding-pretty clean.

Colonel JOSEPH DARR, Jr., Assistant Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: I have the honor to say that I find nothing particular to report of our prisoners this week, except that I found again the kitchen tools, such as the ax, those knives about which I had the duty to report at different times, too freely used by the prisoners. And after I had mentioned this violation of orders at various times to the parties on duty at Gratiot Street Prison I am of opinion that now a reprimand from your office would be in time.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

GUST. HEINRICHS,

Major and Inspector.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., September 13, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel William Hoffman, U. S. Army and Commissary-General of Prisoners, with the information that the officer at the Gratiot Street Prison will be displaced and an effort made to procure another more competent in his place.

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

NEW YORK, September 12, 1864.

Colonel HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: I propose to effect an arrangement by which both the Federal and rebel prisoners shall be furnished with blankets and clothing and protected as far as may be from the inclemency of the coming winter. My personal relations with most of the rebel officials, and my family connections with some, enable me to negotiate this matter with

