
the rebel authorities. I propose, therefore, with the consent of the United States Government, to go to Richmond and get the consent of the rebel authorities to receive and distribute such blankets and clothing as the United States Government will furnish to the prisoners now held at the South. Such distribution to be made under the supervision of an officer to be designated by the War Department or the lieutenant-general or the Commissary-General of Prisoners of the United States. Upon such an agreement being effected and made with the rebel authorities, I propose that I be permitted to contract with the rebel authorities to furnish clothing and blankets to the rebel prisoners in our hands, and to be paid therefor in cotton or other Southern produce, and that protection be given me to bring the same through our lines to market, the said cotton or other produce to be brought through the lines at such points as may be designated by the War Department, the clothing thus furnished to be distributed under the supervision of the Commissary-General of Prisoners of the United States Government and agent to be designated by the rebel authorities. It may not be improper to suggest that the rebel authorities are unable to supply the Union prisoners with comfortable clothing, however, willing they might be to do so, and they have nothing to pay for clothing their own prisoners in our hands except their produce. I will await at Willard's Hotel two days for the decision of the Department.

Yours, respectfully,

M. M. BROADWELL,

103 Pear Street, New York.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., September 23, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 24, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-General Grant.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Third indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, September 27, 1864.

Respectfully transmitted.

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Fourth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., September 30, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

I have no objection to passing Mr. Broadwell on the mission herein named. On the contrary, would highly favor any measure calculated to relieve the condition of prisoners in the hands of the rebels.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

