
RUSHFORD, N. Y., September 12, 1864.

Honorable A. LINCOLN:

SIR: One of my boys, who is a prisoners of war in the hands of the enemy, and who was last heard from on Belle Isle, is now supposed to be in Andersonville, Ga., if living, suffering for want of food and clothing; has a family here consisting of a wife and two children in indigent circumstances. Winter is approaching, and my said son and 30,000 more brave soldiers must perish unless the Government should relieve them by bringing about an exchange. I am an old man and can do nothing, but humanity prompts me to lay the case before you, hoping that if an honorable negotiation for an exchange of prisoners cannot be made with the infernal rebels, I would suggest that a sufficient force be immediately detailed, and Kilpatrick or some other brave officer sent to liberate from captivity the brave soldiers now confined in the State of Georgia. General Butler, in my opinion, is not be man to be instructed to make arrangements with the rebels, for the reason that they consider him an "outlaw" and a "beast. " Some person less objectionable should have the management of it. The Administration will lose many friends in the State of New York unless our brave boys are set at liberty before election day. The rebel prisoners at Elmira in this State live better than many poor people. They have wholesome food and enough of it, and are well provided for in sickness. The contrast is great between these prisoners and ours. Mr. President, what can be done and what will you do to liberate them from this cruel bondage?

Respectfully, yours,

SAMUEL WHITE.

[First indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 19, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the commissioner for the exchange of prisoners for remark.

By order of the Secretary of War:

LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 20, 1864.

The bad treatment of prisoners of war in the South is a crime of the deepest dye, and its natural effect on the North should be to inspire a determination to put down this rebellion.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, September 12, 1864.

H. BREWSTER, Esq., New York City, N. Y.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 8th instant, urging an exchange of prisoners, I am instructed to inform you that the conditions of our officers and soldiers held in confinement at the South engages the earnest attention of the Department, and that every means in its power will be used to effect their release at the earliest moment possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. H. PELOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

