
SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., September 12, 1864.

Surg. I. H. WHITE, C. S. Military Hospital, Andersonville, Ga.:

SIR: You are instructed to assign the medical officers now on duty with the sick prisoners at Andersonville, Ga., to the points that have been selected for the accommodation of the prisoners. All the sick whose lives will not be endangered by transportation will be removed. The medical officers selected will be required to accompany the sick. You will visit each station and see that such arrangements are made for the sick as their wants may require, and use all the means for their comfort that the Government can furnish.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. MOORE,

Surgeon-General C. S. Army.

CHARLESTON, September 12, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

There are now about 7,000 prisoners in this city, and others are coming in large numbers daily. I have but 800 men, chiefly local troops, to guard them. Have received no reserves from General Chestnut since prisoners here. The enemy is exhibiting unusual activity here and near Savannah. The safety of this place and Savannah demands that the prisoners be removed. I can send 400 or 500 reserves from here to Columbia, which, with the local troops there, will furnish a much larger guard for prisoners than I have here; and there is an island near there on which they can be confined temporarily. I respectfully urge that I be authorized to send the prisoners there to be confined until I have provided for them elsewhere.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

CHARLESTON, September 12, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

It is absolutely essential to send some prisoners from this place. I have ordered an officer to Florence, S. C., to construct stockade for them.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

ROUGH AND READY STATION, September 12, 1864.

General JOHN B. HOOD, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that Colonel Warner, the flag-of-truce officer, Major-General Sherman's, proposes now, on the renewal of your proposition of exchange of prisoners, to "renew," on the part of Major-General Sherman, his willingness to exchange the Confederate troops in his possession on the following terms: "Officer for officer, as far as practicable, or their equivalents; well men for well men; sick men for sick men; wounded men for wounded men; these to be taken from any of the Federal troops captured by our forces between any

52 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII.

