
two dates that you may designate, without reference to the date of their enlistment or expiration of their term of service. "

I submit this basis for you consideration.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. CLARE,

Major and Assistant Inspector-General.

P. S. - By the term "forces" is meant captured by our army during the campaign from Dalton to our present position.

Respectfully,

W. CLARE,

Major and Assistant Inspector-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, September 13, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith five propositions as to matters relating to the exchange of prisoners made by me to Mr. Ould,* together with a printed copy of my note of August 27, also forwarded to him. + I have as yet received no formal answer to either of my propositions, but I am informed unofficially that the proposition to exchange invalid prisoners will be accepted, and that I may prepare and send down to Fort Pulaski transportation for at least 5,000 invalid men forthwith. This I shall at once proceed to do, endeavoring to make all possible provision for the comfort of our sick soldiers. If my action is approved please direct the Commissary-General of Prisoners to inform me at what points and how many of the Confederate invalids not fit for service within sixty days will be ready, that my boats may take them for delivery. As soon as they can be got ready I propose to take them down by the same transportation that brings our men up.

Perhaps it may not be out of place to say that all these propositions received the sanction of the lieutenant-general commanding.

If my action is approved, I pray early attention on the part of the Commissary-General of Prisoners, as I will endeavor to be ready to move the Confederate sick as soon as they are ready for me.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commissioner of Exchange.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 16, 1864.

Referred to Major-General Hitchcock to comply with the request of Major-General Butler. His letter to that officer will be submitted to the Secretary of War before being forwarded.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

OFFICE ASST. AGENT FOR EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Fort Monroe, Va., September 13, 1864.

Major-General HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward for your information copies of correspondence between myself and Honorable Robert Ould, agent for

---------------

* See September 9 (three papers), pp. 793, 794.

+ See August [27], p. 687.

---------------

