
exchange, Richmond, Va., on the subject of the release of prisoners in confinement (close) or irons,* my letter being based upon instructions contained in yours to me of September 3, 1864.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient,

JOHN E. MULFORD,

Major and Assistant Agent for Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 13, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, U. S. Army,

Chief of Staff Armies of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the rebel prisoners brought here on the Crescent were sent to Morris Island on the 1st instant, where they were disembarked on the 7th and placed in the palisade inclosure prepared for their reception. This is made as strong as possible under the circumstances, and every precaution is taken to prevent an escape or release. Triple lines of sentinels are established. Proper distribution is made of sections of light batteries and the Requa battery, so that they may be used in case of any disturbance. The whole inclosure, moreover, is directly under the guns of Fort Strong.

The rebels are placed in A tents, which are properly arranged in the form of an encampment, and detailed rules are established for their government; these depend entirely upon the treatment, &amp;c., which our officers receive in Charleston. Many of the officers express themselves well satisfied with the novelty of the change, and have little fear of their own shells, which they watch with interest. The firing upon Charleston is kept up a irregular intervals, generally about once every fifteen minutes. We have lately very much improved the range and direction, so that the shells are now reaching the upper part of the city; almost every shell now falls in the proper place. I am convinced that this fire could be sufficiently increased so as to completely destroy the city.

Matters generally in the department are in a satisfactory condition.

The sickness reported in my last letter has increased, and I trust that the approaching return of cool weather will soon cause it to abate.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[SEPTEMBER 13, 1864. -For Foster to Jones (two letters), suggesting the Savannah River, off Jones' Island, as a suitable place for all future exchange of flags of truce, instead of either Port Royal Ferry or Charleston Harbor, see Series I, Vol. XXXV, Part II, p. 286.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 13, 1864.

Major General SAM. JONES,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Dept. of S. C., Ga., and Fla.:

GENERAL: Allow me to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 10th instant in relation to the officers released by you as non-combatants on the 3d. +

---------------

* See Mulford to Ould, September 8, p. 786, and Ould to Mulford, September 12, p. 807.

+ See Series I, Vol. XXXV, Part II, p. 279.

---------------

