
by authority of the Commissary-General of Prisoners, I made the following requests, viz, that the female prisoners then confined in the prison under your command be removed to quarters more appropriate to their sex; that a more efficient system of police be enforced within the prison; that additional facilities for supplying the prison with water be provided; that it be ordered that al prison blankets and bedding be properly and daily aired; that the prison sinks be cleansed and their communication with the main sewer cleared; that the present apology for a dead-house be repaired and rendered fit for its purpose; that the prisoners' grave-yard be fenced in and kept in repair. To these requests you at the time promised prompt attention.

At the date of my last inspection, March 31, finding that with the exception of the first, and to some extent of the second, no attention had been paid to these requests, I again called your attention to them. At my present visit I still find that, with the above-mentioned exceptions, no attention whatever appears to have been paid to these points.

The police of the prison is especially bad in every part, with the exception of the prisoners' mess-room and the hospital. The means of supplying the prison with water are entirely inadequate. The prisoners' clothing and bedding are filthy. The condition of the sinks is such that they cannot but be a pregnant source of disease; the drain leading from them is defective in some portion of its course, permitting the fecal matter and urine to exude to the surface near the hospital kitchen, filling the air with offensive effluvia and rendering one of the hospital wards untenable, necessitating the removal of the patients from it, and thereby overcrowding the remaining ward. There is no dead-house or other proper place for depositing the dead in the interim between death and burial, nor is there any place in which post-mortem examinations can be properly made in such cases where the surgeon in charge may consider this necessary. I am also informed that the prisoners' grave-yard remains in a dilapidated condition.

The roof of the hospital ward known as the "convalescent" ward is in so defective a condition that the ward is flooded at every rain, to the manifest detriment and discomfort of the patients. Of this I had abundant evidence at the time of my visit during the rain of yesterday. Your attention has been called to this matter in communications from the surgeon in charge. A comparatively trifling expenditure will remedy this matter and conduce greatly to the welfare and comfort of the patients.

You have required the removal of the surgeon's office and store-room from the main prison building for sufficient reason, no doubt, but no proper quarters have been assigned instead, and I yesterday found them located in a little shed off the abandoned hospital ward, where the hospital stores, &amp;c., are nearly as much exposed to the weather as if without any shelter at all.

All this should be remedied at once, and should have been so long since. That I am fully authorized in making this request you have been made aware by a view of my instructions from the Commissary-General of Prisoners, and of which instructions the following are extracts:

* * * You will also examine into the general sanitary condition of the places you visit and make such suggestions of measures for improvements as you may think proper.

Having visited the several stations you will on your return again visit them and see that the measures suggested have been carried out.

* * * But all practicable arrangements for cleanliness in their persons, their

