
Since you do not regard the Reverend Mr. Whitney, acting chaplain of the One hundred and fourth Ohio Volunteers, as a non-combatant, I will, as offered in my letter of the 6th instant, give you one private in exchange for him. I accept your agreement to receive four privates in exchange for Lieutenant J. D. Higgins, One hundred and twenty-third Ohio Volunteers.

I will deliver these four privates to you on Monday, the 19th instant, at 10 a. m., in Savannah River, off Jones' Island, unless previously notified by you to the contrary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[SEPTEMBER 13, 1864. -For Jones to Foster, in relation to receiving sanitary stores and clothing for Union prisoners, see Series I, Vol. XXXV, Part II, p. 286.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 13, 1864.

Colonel C. W. HILL, Commanding Johnson's Island, Ohio:

COLONEL: By direction of the Secretary of War you are authorized to build a hospital for your command, the expense to be paid from the prison fund. I have telegraphed this authority to you to day, and directed you to send me the plan recommended by Surgeon Tripler, medical director Northern Department. In the meantime make all preparations for the work so that it may be completed with the least possible delay. Medical officers are prone to recommend a very elaborate plan for hospitals, which can be approved only so far as may be demanded to make necessary provision for the comfort of the sick and as is consistent with the closest economy. If the ground will admit of setting the posts in the ground put up the buildings without framing; spike the joists for the flooring to the posts. Buildings of two stories are put up in this city in this way without a mortise or tenon; joists 3 by 8 inches and all other timbers 3 by 4. The floor should be sufficiently above the ground to insure good ventilation. I presume it will be necessary to plaster the rooms, and this will be cheaper than ceiling with boards. As the hospital is for our own men, make them as comfortable as possible, with due regard to economy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP PAROLE,Near Annapolis, Md., September 13, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of the 11th instant, requesting the early transmittal of the rolls of paroled prisoners of war who arrived on the 3rd instant. I herewith forward the rolls duly corrected. * The prolonged delay of these rolls

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

