
[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 13, 1864.

A battalion or two might be formed of the foreigners-the Yankees are not to be trusted so far, or at all.

J. A. S.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,In the Field, September 14, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I agree upon the terms of your letter of the 12th to the exchange of the last 2,000 prisoners captured by both armies.

As to "the men captured in Atlanta who are soldiers of the Confederate Army detailed on extra duty in the shops," I can make no agreement to exchange, not knowing whether they are exempts, or what they are; but for every man regularly in the C. S. service, whether detailed or not, I will exchange man for man.

My staff officer, Lieutenant Colonel G. A. Henry, assistant inspector-general, is charged by me with the duty of arranging with any officer you may designate the details of the exchange, and Rough and Ready will be the point selected for the delivery of the prisoners.

I have sent to Andersonville for the above-named class of prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. HOOD,

General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, September 14, 1864.

General J. B. HOOD,

Commanding Army of Tennessee, Confederate Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this date, agreeing to the exchange of prisoners of war to the extent of about 2,000, the number held by me here and at Chattanooga.

I have appointed Lieutenant Colonel W. Warner, of my staff, to meet the officer you name, Lieutenant Colonel G. A. Henry, to-morrow at Rough and Ready, and to carry into effect the exchange.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 14, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: In order to lose no time I send you the original* of a paper just received from Major-General Butler without making a copy, and therefore request its return, containing some inquiries from the rebel agent of exchange; and I request such information in relation to the matters touched upon as may be in your power to give.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

---------------

* See inclosed memorandum from Butler to Hitchcock, September 9, p. 792.

---------------

