
WASHINGTON, D. C., September 14, 1864.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS,

Commanding Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind.:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 29th ultimo, inclosing a plan and estimate for a hospital at Camp Morton, is received. The plan contemplates a more elaborate and expensive establishment than I think is proper to authorize for rebel prisoners. They have got along thus far with much more limited accommodations, and it is to be hoped that the rebellion is now so nearly suppressed that no extensive additions will be required. But since the prison has been so much enlarged a much larger number of sick must be provided for than heretofore, and your are authorized to put up as many additional wards as may be indispensably necessary, of the following dimensions, viz, 25 feet by 110, with 9 1/2 feet elevation from the floor; clothes-room, bathing-room, and closet in each ward; 8 windows in a side, including the small room, with intervals of 11 feet, giving room for three between them. The breadth of the wards will admit a line of beds to run lengthwise, making the whole number of beds fifty to the ward. A building 20 by 60 feet will give room enough for kitchen and mess-room. In the administrative building you require a room for the surgeon, 12 by 15; an office, 12 by 15; a dispensary, 15 by 24; store-room, 15 by 24, and room for attendants, 15 by 24. Whole building, 24 by 75. The buildings must be put up without framing. Set the posts in the ground and spike the joists to them. Joists 3 by 8 and all other timbers 3 by 4. Cover the roof with felt roofing, which, by keeping out the wind, is warmer than shingles and does away with the necessity of plastering. The floor should be a foot from the ground to secure good ventilation. I inclose a sketch* of a ventilator which has been found to be a very convenient one. Put up two wards first and report their cost. Refer to my letter of instructions of the 23rd ultimo. The expense will be paid out of the prison fund.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 14, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM P. RICHARDSON,

Commanding Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 8th instant, inclosing a report of the weekly inspection of the prison by Captain Parker, is received.

As it is not contemplated to cook provisions for prisoners of war in any other way than by boiling, ranges and cooking-stoves which are calculated to roast and cook in other ways, at considerable extra expense, cannot be allowed. The Farmer boilers, which you pronounce worthless, have been very successfully introduced into all the prison camps, except Camp Chase, and many of the general hospitals, and they must now be tried at Camp Chase. They have been recently provided for Camp Morton, and Colonel Stevens reports them a complete success, paying for themselves by the saving of wood the first month. I have several times ordered their use at Camp Chase, but always without success. This time I hope to be more successful. The 120-gallon size is found to be the most convenient, though some of smaller size may be required in each kitchen. Several are placed in a row,

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

