
their pipes leading into a large horizontal one, which is connected with a large vertical pipe, which carries the smoke through the roof. Cooking or baking in small messes cannot any longer be allowed.

How is your baking done, by contract, or have you a bake-house?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. MILITARY PRISON,Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind., September 14, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: In compliance with your instructions in letter of 16th of August and telegram of September 12, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report in relation to the soap and vinegar ration issued to prisoners of war confined at this camp:

I have carefully examined the provision returns, as made by my adjutant, and find the amount of rations called for to correspond with the monthly abstract of issues, of which a copy for each month has been forwarded to your office; and also that the average number of daily rations for the month of July, 1864, was 4,456, and the total number of rations for the month amounted to 138,135, requiring 5,525 1/4 pounds of soap and 1,036 gallons of vinegar. For the month of August, 1864, the average number of daily rations was 4,432 and the total number of rations 137,392, requiring 5,495 1/2 pounds of soap and 1,030 1/2 gallons of vinegar. I also find that these amounts correspond with the invoices made by the commissary of subsistence at the post of Indianapolis and receipted for by Captain Shurtleff, acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence of Camp Morton, for those months. In regard to the prisoners having actually received the full amount of the soap and vinegar ration as specified upon said returns and abstract, I find it impossible to ascertain, but since Lieutenant Davidson, has been acting inspector of the camp I am confident that the full complement has been issued of soap and vinegar and all other articles in strict accordance with the regulation. In the investigation of this matter I have not been able to find any discrepancy upon the books or papers of the acting commissary of subsistence in this camp, and in the future I trust I shall be able to take such measures as will prevent any attempt to defraud the prisoners of their rations. It has been owing to the great scarcity of officers in my command that I have not been able to select a suitable officer to superintend these heretofore.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. STEVENS,

Colonel, Commanding Camp Morton, Indiana.

[SEPTEMBER 14, 1864. -For General Orders, Numbers 48, Military Division of West Mississippi (Canby), suspending exchange of prisoners and directing all in custody to be sent to depots at the North, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XLI, Part II, p. 182.]

