
CHARLESTON, September 14, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Many fatal cases of yellow fever have occurred here within a few days. Medical officers think it will soon be epidemic. The large number of Yankee prisoners and deserters here will tend to spread it. What disposition shall I make of deserters under General Orders, Numbers 65?

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

The last inquiry answered by Secretary of War. General Winder has been telegraphed to remove such of the prisoners at Savannah and Charleston as can be accommodated at Millen.

S. C.

S. R. Mallory, Secretary of Navy, inclosing notices of the release of Assistant Surgeons Bowles and Booth on condition that their equivalents be furnished by us.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 14, 1864.

Returned to Honorable Secretary of War.

By a distinct agreement made last November between the Federal agent of exchange and myself all medical officers were to be unconditionally released. Accordingly, since that time all surgeons have been so released on both sides, and the two paroles herein referred to are the first departure from the agreement that I have seen. These two surgeons should be treated as having been unconditionally released. They can be ordered at once to duty. Federal Navy surgeons will also be unconditionally released. I have retained the parole of Assistant Surgeon Bowles to exhibit to the Federal authorities as a breach of our well-understood agreement.

[RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.]

OFFICE CHIEF COMMISSARY,

Charleston, S. C., September 14, 1864.

Major CHARLES S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: In reply to your communication of this date I have the honor to report that Captain T. E. Dudley, assistant commissary of subsistence, who is assisting Captain H. W. Conner, purchasing commissary at Florence, has had experience in making issues to troops, and that I have no doubt that with his aid Captain Conner will be able to issue to prisoners. I beg leave to use the occasion to say that upon receipt of notice I issued orders for the immediate accumulation of supplies at Florence, directing them to be shipped from the city and other points to the greatest extent they can be spared. I have serious apprehensions, however, that if a very large number of prisoners is sent there immediately it will be impossible to collect subsistence in time to prevent privation. I most respectfully suggest, if circumstances will allow, that they be gradually sent forward.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. GUERIN,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

