
These prisoners are confined within a stockade whose limits are such as to give them all room necessary for health and cleanliness. They are provided with A tents, and are in as healthful a location as any occupied by our forces on Morris Island. Their daily ration is as follows: Three-quarters of a pound of fresh beef or one-half pound of salt meat, one-half pound of hard bread or one-half pint of meal, one-fifth of a pint of rice and the same of beans, with a small allowance of salt and vinegar. Molasses is occasionally issued in lieu of either of the above articles. This ration has been decided upon as being as nearly as possible an equivalent for the ration issued by you to the prisoners at Charleston, which has been ascertained from the statements of released and exchanged officers. My orders from the Government are to treat them in all respects as our officers now prisoners of war at Charleston are treated. I deeply regret being compelled to resort to retaliatory measures. I shall continue them only so long and to such an extent as your treatment of our officers and soldiers in your hands demands. Whatever leniency you extend to them it shall be my pleasant duty as an act of humanity to return toward the prisoners of war in my custody.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 15, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE,

Commanding Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor:

COLONEL: By direction of the Secretary of War you will please transfer to Fort Warren all officers, sailors, and marines belonging to the rebel Navy who are now held as prisoners of war at Fort Lafayette. Apply to the major-general commanding the Department of the East for the necessary guard and transportation. Send duplicate parole-rolls with them and an ordinary roll to this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 16, 1864.

Major General J. G. FORTER,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Hilton Head:

GENERAL: I beg to call your attention to the following statement, that under a system of enlarged liberality, correspondence on the part of the Federal prisoners of war has been allowed, my own staff officers giving their personal aid to avoid delays and loss of letters, and, under my orders, allowing all proper communications to pass through. On the other hand, the most meager mails have been received from our prisoners throughout, and not one letter has been received from the prisoners upon Morris Island. It certainly cannot be of their own inclination that they do not write. I ask that a full understanding

