
may be had upon this subject, and that you will communicate to me if it is your intention that this privilege shall be reciprocal.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.

[SEPTEMBER 16, 1864. -For Jones to Foster, in relation to release of medical officers and the exchange of citizens for sutlers, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XXXV, Part II, p. 291.]

[SEPTEMBER 16, 1864. -For Jones to Foster (two letters), refusing to receive flags of truce in the Savannah River, and in regard to receiving supplies for Union prisoners, see Series I, Vol. XXXV, Part II, pp. 290, 291.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 16, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Hilton Head:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of the 11th instant I have the honor to say that I have already notified you that I will receive the sanitary supplies and clothing for the Federal prisoners of war, and will distribute them in accordance with your wishes, under the superintendence of an officer of the Confederate Army. I cannot accede to your request that the Reverend Father Hasson, Catholic priest, be allowed to enter our lines for this purpose, nor can the money you desire to forward be received in U. S. notes, but it will received in gold or Confederate money.

Should the views you express in relation to this matter in your letter to Major-General Stoneman (which is respectfully returned to you as containing allegations unwarranted in fact and highly discourteous to my Government) still be entertained by you, permit me to suggest that perhaps it will not be advisable to send these articles into the lines. Should you determine, however, to send them, they will be received at the time and place designated in my communication to you of this date.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 12, 1864.

MY DEAR GENERAL: I send by the flag of truce to-day two letters from your wife, to whom I have written, telling her that she can write to you and send you any necessaries, or even money if she chooses, and that I will see it sent forward by flag of truce.

I have tried to obtain permission to send to the prisoners quartermaster's supplies of clothing, &c., but the reply of our Government is that no such supplies can be sent, unless one of our own officers now prisoner is allowed to become responsible for their proper distribution.

The experiences in sending supplies to the officers and soldiers in Richmond last year were such as to show that the necessities, &c., of the Confederate officers and soldiers, through whose hands they passed,

