
[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 16, 1864.

Respectfully to the Honorable Secretary of War.

This is not the first time I have heard of the gentleman who writes to Colonel Upshaw. The same representations of his effective kindness to our prisoners have been made from other quarters. Although I am opposed both to special exchanges and to the delivery of any Federal officers who are not disabled, yet under the circumstances perhaps it would be well to send the party referred to (William Allison) North by next flag of truce. I believe he is a private. He will not be sent by way of special exchange, but simply delivered on parole.

[RO. OULD.]

Bolling Baker, first auditor Confederate States, inclosed letter from John W. Hambleton relative to the release of J. P. Hambleton.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 16, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

Mr. Hambleton is mistaken in supposing that Mr. Pollard or any other citizen has been specially exchanged. We never have and never can resort to special exchanges of citizens, for reasons which must suggest themselves in a moment. The Yankees have offered to exchange Doctor Hambleton for a Tribune correspondent (Mr. Richardson) in prison at Salisbury. They have not gave further than that. If Doctor Hambleton is sent by a flag of truce I will release some Yankee citizen now in confinement. Cannot go further than that.

[RO. OULD.]

OFFICE OF THE SURGEON IN CHARGE

C. S. MILITARY PRISON HOSPITAL,

Andersonville, Ga., September 16, 1864.

Surg. General S. P. MOORE, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that I have been assigned to duty by Surg. I. H. White, chief surgeon post, in charge of C. S. military prison hospital. In assuming the responsibilities of so important a position and before entering upon my duties I deem it necessary to make the following statement of the sanitary condition of the hospital and appliances for the comfort of the sick and wounded. The topography, climate, and prevalent diseases of the country have been given you in former reports by myself shall confine myself principally to the following:

1. Nature of barrack accommodations. -The stockade (in the shape of a parallelogram) includes twenty-seven acres of ground. A considerable stream of water passes through it, running east and west. In this space of ground from 30,000 to 40,000 prisoners have been crowded; no protection whatever from the burning rays of the sun, except such as could be made from blankets or dirt hovels. Along the banks of the stream the ground is quite boggy, and water is continually oozing from the low banks. Recently four sheds have been built inside the stockade. These were the beginning of a series of barracks capable of accommodating 270 men each. A temporary structure is erected on the banks of the steam and is used as a privy. All the inmates of

