
alarming extent. Frequent issues of green corn, peas, molasses, vinegar, rice, flour, and sweet potatoes are being made, and under suitable hospital accommodations the condition of the sick could be greatly ameliorated. The purveyor's department has been able to supply nearly all the necessary medicines. The indigenous remedies are being extensively used with much good effect. The medical officers in charge of the different wards and divisions are all diligent and seem willing to discharge their duties, although laboring under many and great disadvantages. Great efforts have been made to make the stockade secure and prevent the escape of prisoners, and but little attention paid to the hygienic and sanitary condition of the sick. Surg. I. H. White, chief surgeon post, informed me that timely requisitions have been made on the quartermaster's department for the necessary materials to make the sick and wounded comfortable, but thus far he has been unable to procure scarcely anything. The means of transportation being very limited, both by railroad and teams, has proved a source of great annoyance. I would respectfully suggest that the necessary steps be taken to secure transportation for hospital material over all other stores except ammunition. This would at once remedy a great evil.

The greatest amount of confusion seems to have prevailed in consequence of soliciting attaches for the hospital from Federal prisoners in place of disabled Confederate soldiers. Great waste in property, medicines, and provisions, has been the result. This I shall endeavor to correct as speedy as possible.

I would respectfully request that an efficient quartermaster and commissary be ordered to report to me for special hospital duty, with full power from the War Department to provide for the comfort of the sick and wounded Federal prisoners. Without an arrangement of this kind I very much fear the hospital department in C. S. military prison will continue to be neglected.

communication may meet with favorable consideration,

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. STEVENSON,

Surgeon in Charge.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 17, 1864.

Honorable C. A. DANA, Assistant Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have communicated the instructions directed in your indorsement upon the inclosed papers* from Major-General Butler, so far as Colonel Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, is required to act in the matter, and he will inform General Butler when the invalid or disabled prisoners, and how many, will be ready as required. The information called for by General Butler's letter of the 9th instant I am collecting and will transmit as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

---------------

* See Butler of Stanton, September 13, with inclosures, p. 818.

---------------

