
WASHINGTON CITY, September 17, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: It appears that the rebel commissioner of exchange has declined to carry out the arrangement he proposed for a mutual release of prisoners in close or cell confinement until he can further correspond on the subject, and it therefore becomes necessary to reinstate matters where they were before my note to you of the 3rd instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers and Commissioner of Exchange.

Extract from General Butler's letter of September 17 [13], to the Secretary of War:

Please direct the Commissary-General of Prisoners to inform me [General Butler] at what points and how many of the Confederate invalids not fit for service within sixty days will be ready, that my boats may take them for delivery.

WASHINGTON CITY, September 17, 1864.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: The above extract is from a letter reporting that an arrangement has been made with Mr. Ould for the exchange, to be delivered at Pulaski Fort in the East, no place in the West being named, of the class of prisoners referred to, and the Secretary of War directs your compliance with General Butler's request.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 17, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER, U. S. Army:

SIR: In answer to your letter of the 9th instant, transmitting certain questions proposed by Mr. Ould, I have the honor to inclose all of the information in my power in the paper signed by Colonel Hoffman.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., September 17, 1864.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner of Exchange, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a memorandum, in reply to the inquiries made by the rebel agent through Major-General Butler, commissioner for exchange, for information in relation to certain rebel prisoners in our hands:

Dr. Alexander Greenwood and - Campbell. Nothing is known to this office of the transaction referred to.

Lieutenant Petticord, of Morgan's command, and seven others. No record of this transaction.

Surg. D. D. Carter, of Grigsby's Kentucky cavalry, known on the rolls as Charles Drake's Guerrilla Company Kentucky Cavalry, was captured on blockade-runner Whistle, June 4, 1864, not 1863, and is held as a prisoner of war.

Major W. P. Elliott was placed in close confinement at Fort Delaware

53 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII.

