
been in command, and as we have only just come to the time when that order could be obeyed, I do not feel I have failed to carry out your instructions. As a certain prescribed ration is issued to prisoners, I have failed to comprehend the reason for the superior cheapness of the boiler, except it may be in the matter of fuel, and as both ranges and boilers, are heated by furnaces, I could not have anticipated any advantage for the boilers even in that respect. The cooking is not done in small messes. There are 200 men in each house, to which is attached a kitchen. Do you desire that some other and larger kitchens be erected? If so, please instruct me. I do not comprehend from your letter how many boilers or of what capacity are to be used for each building. The baking for the troops at this post and for the prisoners of war is done by Captain G. D. Harrington, commissary of subsistence. The boilers will be ordered at once.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, Commanding.

FORT DELAWARE, DEL., September 17, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the prisoners of war at Fort Delaware, Del., for the week ending September 17, 1864:

Conduct, good; cleanliness, proper attention given to; clothing, comfortable, and sufficient with very few exceptions; bedding, consists of bunks and blankets; state of quarters, clean and comfortable; state of kitchen, in an excellent condition; food, quality of, very good; food, quantity of, sufficient; sinks, clean, being washed by tide and force pumps; police of grounds, well conducted; vigilance of guard, the guard faithfully discharges its duties; security of quarters, very good, no prisoners have escaped during the week; policing hospital, very well conducted; attendance of sick (nurses), every possible attention is paid to the sick; cleanliness of hospital, could not be better; hospital diet, very good an sufficient; general healths of prisoners, about 15 per cent, sick; deaths, average about two daily.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. AHL,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Inspector Officer.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, September 17, 1864.

D. C. ANDERSON, Roxabell, Ohio:

SIR: Your communication of the 4th instant, addressed to the President, has been received, and I am instructed to inform you, in reply thereto, that the Department will use all the means in its power to effect the release of our officers and soldiers now held in confinement by the rebels.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

