
LOVEJOY'S, September 17, 1864.

General BRAGG:

Is there any objection to the exchange of Stoneman? About 700 prisoners will be exchanged on Monday next.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

MACON, September 17, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

If Generals Jones and McLaws insist on keeping my guards I shall not be able to carry out the instructions of the Secretary of War to remove prisoners. The troops at Andersonville who come off guard in the morning have to go on at night in consequence of the detention. I am on way to Millen; at Macon.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General John H. Winder inquires what is the policy of the Government in regard to clothing Federal prisoners, many of whom are in need. *

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 17, 1864.

Returned to Adjutant and Inspector-General.

Of course our first duty is to our soldiers, but if we can supply the Federal prisoners I think we ought to do so. I know the fact that clothing to quite a considerable amount has been furnished by the Federal Government to our soldiers at Fort Delaware and other prisons. However, if we do not clothe these men will not the enemy proceed to the extremity of stripping our men in their hands of the clothing they have? I see no very great objection to allowing the enemy to furnish plain clothing to the Federal prisoners in our hands. It s not like the case of furnishing luxuries.

[RO. OULD.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF C. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 17, 1864.

Surg. T. L. OGIER,

Medical Director, Dept. of S. Carolina, Georgia, and Florida:

SIR: I am directed by the commanding general to inform you that he wishes two medical officers to proceed by to-day's train to Florence, on the Northeastern Railroad, to report to Major F. F. Warley, in command of prisoners at that place. The condition of these people is described as deplorable.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 17, 1864.

Brigadier General J. H. TRAPIER,

Commanding Fourth Military District:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to instruct you to send the Waccamaw Light Artillery without delay to

---------------

* Winder's communication not found.

---------------

