
Florence, on the Northeastern Railroad, to report to Major F. F. Warley, commanding. You had better use steam-boat navigation as far as available and lose no time in dispatching them. The large number of prisoners at Florence absolutely requires the presence of this battery; it will not be detained longer than necessary.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE CHIEF COMMISSARY,

Charleston, September 17, 1864.

Captain E. A. RABB, Assistant Commissary of Subsistence:

CAPTAIN: You will proceed by the first train to Florence and inquire into the condition of the department there in reference to the present ability of Captain Conner to subsist the large number of prisoners now being collected there and the arrangements which may be necessary to insure a systematic and successful performance of the duties required of him. You will confer fully with Major F. F. Warley, commanding the prisoners, and Captain Conner, inviting suggestions as to the best means to be adopted in the case. If a large camp is to be established provisions will soon begin to accumulate to such an extent that it is feared the storage now available will be inadequate. Let this have attention. In order that Captain Conner's duty of collecting supplies may not be interfered with, I think there should be an officer assigned to make issues exclusively, and if Captain Dudley, assistant commissary of subsistence, can be detached without embarrassment to Captain Conner you will at once direct him to assume this duty. You will urge upon Captain Conner the necessity of very active efforts to supply the post. It is believed there is a sufficiency of meat in his division without drawing upon other sections, from which I am unable to procure enough for our own troops. You will furnish him with a memorandum of the articles and quantities to be issued in lieu of meat when it fails. Sirup must be reduced to one gill until the supply becomes more abundant. After examining the situation you will please, in your report, make suggestions upon every point of importance, and as early as possible. As the number of prisoners will probably be much increased, you will consider and report upon the expediency of placing an additional officer to make issues, or some plan for facilitating the distribution of rations. I presume an organization or division into parties of the prisoners will to enable such distribution to be made, a commissary being selected from themselves to receive, say for each party of 1,000 or more.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. GUERIN,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, September 18, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to call your attention to the letter of the 3rd September of Major-General Hitchcock to Major Mulford, and also the reply of Mr. Ould thereto, under date of September 12.

The proposition of Mr. Ould, to which General Hitchcock's letter is an answer, and an acceptance was made to me, and I replied to it as

