
States may be justly styled impertinent and meddlesome. As far, however, as the arrests of citizens of the adverse party is concerned we are at all times ready to adopt any fair and reciprocal rule.

I know it may appear ungracious to recommend any rule which leaves any number of our people to suffer, even for a time, in Northern dungeons. Yet that is only one of the many forms of wrong and outrage which our cruel enemy inflicts upon us. The brave hearts that are true to the honor and independence of these States would willingly endure greater calamities rather than see the Government they honor and revere yield one inch to the unjust pretensions of a malignant foe.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

Daniel Davis, second lieutenant Company K, Seventeenth Regiment Virginia Cavalry, captured by the enemy whilst recruiting, court-martialed and sentenced to fifteen years' confinement in Fort Warren. *

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 23, 1864.

Returned to the Honorable Secretary of War.

The facts as herein stated are true, except that the punishment of fifteen years at hard labor was a commutation of the death penalty. Since our action in the cases of Corbin and McGraw the Yankees have not executed any of our officers or men for recruiting within their (so-called) lines. Some, however, have been sentenced to hard labor. Major Armesy and Lieutenant Davis are two of these. Captain Gordon, who was tried under the same charge, is still under sentence of death, subject to an indefinite reprieve. I most earnestly recommend that an equal number of Federal officers be selected and subjected to like treatment. I respectfully suggest whether it would not be well to make this selection from officers who have been arrested by our forces charged with recruiting within our lines. There are several of these. The only objection I see to this is the fact that these parties are Tennesseans, and it might be doubtful whether the Yankees care enough about them to inquire into the policy of releasing our people.

[RO. OULD.]

ALTON, ILL., April 24, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of my inspection of the U. S. military prison at this place:

Police. - The general police of the prison is especially bad in every part, only excepting the prisoners' mess-room and the hospital.

Water. - The means in use for supplying the prison with water are entirely inadequate, viz, one six-mule team conveying the water in barrels from the river to the prison.

Prisoners. - The prisoners in quarters are dirty both in person and clothing. Their bedding is foul and full of vermin, being seldom washed or properly aired.

Sinks. - The condition of the sinks is horrible. They are full almost to overflowing; the drain by which they communicate with the main

---------------

*Papers in this case not found; but see General Orders, Numbers 397, Vol. VI, this series, p. 708.

---------------

