
thing very much needed. It will accommodate about eighty men. It relieves the hospital of men that are not well enough to be sent to their quarters, and at the same time amply provides for their necessities, thereby increasing the hospital accommodation, which had become very necessary. Some of the prisoners are yet destitute of blankets. Many need clothing before the weather gets colder.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. BRIGGS,

First Lieutenant, Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps,

and Special Inspector Camp Douglas.

CAMP LAWTON, September 18, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

I arrived here yesterday. I shall probably remain during the week; circumstances, I think, will render it advisable for me to be here most of my time. Shall I remove my headquarters to this place? I think next week I shall be able to occupy the stockade. Shall I bring the prisoners from Savannah as well as from Andersonville? Please answer to Millen as soon as possible.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

SEPTEMBER 18, 1864.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that telegrams from Major Warley represent the prisoners at Florence to be in a state of mutiny, and he fears that he may be overpowered and the railroad destroyed. He therefore directs that you send every available man that can be spared with the detail of cavalry to be sent on, and that you will use every endeavor to send them off at the earliest hour.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO F. LAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FLAG-SHIP HARTFORD, Mobile By, September 19, 1864.

Colonel C. C. DWIGHT,

Agent of Exchange, Military Division of West Mississippi:

SIR: Your letter of the 16th instant has been received, and in reply I have to state that what I alluded to in my letter about the terms of exchange was the scale of equivalents which you have now quoted as being the rule established by General Dix and Hill, and of which I was ignorant.

The enemy have no prisoners of ours, to my knowledge, above the rank of lieutenant-commander, and only two of those, both of whom are in South Carolina. But so far as Admiral Buchanan is concerned, you may consider my last letter as final. He will be sent North and disposed of by the Government.

You can exchange the others officers and men if agreeable to the parties, but if not I will undertake the exchange myself through my fleet off Galveston with the rebel general commanding that district. I cannot but express surprise that the rebel agent of exchange cannot

