
furnish any list of the officers and men of the Navy held by them as prisoners.

Very respectfully,

D. G. FARRAGUT,

Rear-Admiral.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 19, 1864.

Major JOHN E. MULFORD, U. S. Army, &amp;c.:

SIR: By the authority of the Secretary of War you are requested to propose for the exchange of Lieutenant Markbreit to deliver either of the three following-named officers: Lieutenant R. J. Brailsford, First Texas Legion; Lieutenant R. H. C. Bailey, Foster's cavalry; Lieutenant A. W. Dozier, Sixth South Carolina Cavalry.

Lieutenant Markbreit is said to be in close confinement at Richmond, and the named officers are similarly confined.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 19, 1864.

Major JOHN E. MULFORD,

Assistant Agent for Exchange, Fort Monroe, Va.:

MAJOR: Your letter of the 15th instant, informing me that Mr. Ould desires to obtain a copy of the roll of prisoners captured at Vicksburg, is received, and in reply I beg to say that I would be happy to furnish Mr. Ould with the desired list if it were practicable, but the preparation of a list of 30,000 men would be a work of so much labor that it could not be accomplished without taking the clerical force in this office from duties which cannot be deferred. Colonel Shaffer was not authorized to promise that these rolls should be furnished, and his promise is in no way obligatory.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

DETROIT, September 19, 1864.

Captain JOHN C. CARTER, U. S. Navy,

U. S. Steamer Michigan, Sandusky:

It is said the parties will embark to-day at Malden on board the Philo Parsons, and will seize either that steamer or another running from Kelley's Island. Since my last dispatch am again assured that officers and men have been bought by a man named Cole. A few men to be introduced on board under guise of friends of officers. An officer named Eddy to be drugged. Both Commodore Gardner and myself look upon the matter as serious.

B. H. HILL,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. MILITARY PRISON,Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind., September 19, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit herewith report of Lieutenant J. W. Davidson, inspector of the camp, for the week ending September

