
17, 1864. Close attention is given to the inspection and policing of the camp, in strict accordance with your instructions.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. STEVENS,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Camp Morton.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. MILITARY PRISON,Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind., September 18, 1864.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS,

Commanding Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have inspected this camp with reference to its sanitary condition each day during the week ending September 17, 1864, and find it is being greatly improved by thoroughly policing men, barracks, and grounds. The men are obliged to keep themselves clean, and for the purpose of so keeping them I have them inspected every morning, and all that are found dirty are taken from the ranks and washed. By that means they are kept clean and healthy. The barracks on the north side of the camp in the old inclosure have been repaired and are now very comfortable. The new inclosure is being rapidly improved by ditching and policing. The barracks that were fitted up have filled with men from the tents, and the remaining tents occupied by prisoners have been struck from the old ground and pitched in the new, which has been very beneficial to their general health and condition; but I would very respectfully call your attention to those prisoners occupying the tents, as the weather is getting cold and there is no means of warming the tents to keep them from suffering. Many of the prisoners being entirely destitute of blankets and almost destitute of clothing, unless barracks are built for them to occupy they will undoubtedly suffer very much from the severe winter weather adapted to this country. The rations issued during the week have been strictly in compliance with orders, and antiscorbutics have been issued as follows, viz, potatoes six times and onions once during the week.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

First Lieutenant, Veteran Reserve Corps, and Inspector.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., September 19, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: * * * * The exchange of prisoners in this command has been regulated upon the principle of getting a fair equivalent for the men exchanged. By the cartel of July 28, with the exception of about 500 men captured by General Steele, we obtain effective men (now on their way from Tyler, Tex.) in exchange for men paroled at Vicksburg and already within the rebel lines. This has been approved by the commissioner of exchange. The exchange made by Major-General Herron and subsequently ratified by me was from men recently captured from us. The exchange of the naval prisoners in Texas was referred to me by

---------------

* Portion here omitted does not relate to this series.

---------------

