
the War Department. In order to effect it it was necessary to include the Fort Gaines prisoners. We lose nothing by the exchange.

Copies of General Orders, Nos. 37 and 38, are respectfully inclosed. *

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE AGENT OF EXCHANGE,

New Orleans, September 19, 1864.

Major IG. SZYMANSKI,

Asst. Agent of Exchange, Trans-Mississippi Dept., C. S. Army:

MAJOR: I have caused a roll to be made of the prisoners whose names were on our lists of the last exchange, but who for any reason were not exchanged. I find 85 names in all; 13 have died, 3 have escaped. All of the remainder who are well enough to be transported will be exchanged at our next meeting.

I have written the commanding officer, inclosing a copy of the list you furnished me of seventeen prisoners confined there, asking that they be sent to me to be exchanged.

The lieutenant-general commanding our armies has issued orders suspending all further for the present. This, however, will not interfere with any exchange already agreed upon between us. The exchange of the Fort Gaines and naval prisoners is considered as agreed upon and will not be affected by this order.

Major-General Canby directs me to say that the application of Mr. John Routh Williams in reference to his son cannot be granted.

I have orders from the general commissioner of exchange at Washington to make a special exchange of Acting Volunteer Lieutenant Fred. Crocker, U. S. Navy, now at Tyler.

If, therefore, you do not accede to an early exchange of all our naval prisoners, I have to ask that you will bring Lieutenant Crocker to our first meeting, and I will deliver to you or to Colonel Watts any naval officer of the same grade who may be chosen from among the prisoners held by us.

The prisoners to whose case I called special attention at our last meeting is A. T. Vanzile, pilot of U. S. gun-boat New London, said to be in irons at Houston, Tex.

I send you a packet of letters mostly for citizens within your lines.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. DWIGHT,

Colonel and Agent for Exchange, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL OF PRISONERS,

ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,

Rock Island, Ill., September 19, 1864.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON,

Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the condition of prison and prison hospital for the week ending to-day, as follows:

The buildings, interior and exterior, present a clean and comfortable appearance. The streets and avenues, by continued policing, are in

---------------

* These orders do not pertain to prisoners of war or state.

---------------

