
good order. The kitchens in both departments are in excellent condition. The general appearance of the prisoners is tidy and comfortable. No change of importance since last report.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CARAHER,

Lieutenant Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps,

Provost-Marshal of Prisoners.

Weekly report of the condition of the military prisons at Saint Louis.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 19, 1864.

Condition of Gratiot Prison. -Buildings, will soon require preparations for the winter; sinks and yards, clean; kitchens and mess-rooms, very clean; cleanliness of prisoners, very satisfactory; quarters and bedding, clean as ever; hospital, highly satisfactory.

Condition of Myrtle Street Prison. -Buildings, same poor place as heretofore reported; sinks and yards were cleaned last week; kitchen and mess-rooms appeared very clean this time; cleanliness of prisoners, satisfactory; quarters and bedding, not as clean and orderly as last week.

Colonel JOSEPH DARR, Jr., Assistant Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: Some preparations being necessary for the coming winter season in all the prisons, I shall have an interview with your prison superintendent and have the honor of submitting such a plan as may appear practical. But before we are going into any expense at the Myrtle Street Prison I would again respectfully and earnestly recommend that this institution be removed to some suitable place. This old negro stall is a nuisance in every respect and will not do for the coming winter. I think it is unnecessary for me to mention all the particulars of the inefficiency of this place, and believing that these buildings can be used by the Government for other purposes with more advantage, and further believing that a good place can be found without any increase of expenses, I respectfully ask permission to find and propose another building for prison purposes. The new commandant of Gratiot, Captain Allen, is thoroughly instructed, and I hope that a change in this office will not so soon become necessary.

I have the honor, colonel, to remain, your obedient servant,

GUST. HEINRICHS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Inspector.

CAMP CHASE, OHIO, September 19, 1864.

Colonel W. P. RICHARDSON, Commanding Post:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of an inspection of camp and prisons for the week ending September 17, 1864:

Prison Numbers 1, which contains all the rebel officers at this post is, as usual, in fine order, nicely policed, graded, and drained. Prison Numbers 2 contains rebel enlisted men who are well supplied with things to make them comfortable. The system of grading and draining is complete. It is also well policed. It contains the hospitals, which are, as

