
they have been, in fine order. Clothing and bedding very frequently changed. Prison Numbers 3 is finely policed and everything is in good order. The ranges spoken of in my last report are very much needed, as they would add much to the convenience of the prison. The fence around the camp is complete, but in my opinion would be much improved if it was moved forty feet farther from the east side of the prisons and sixty feet farther from the south side. It is now only sixty feet from the cast side and forty feet from the south side. The camp is in good condition and is receiving additional improvements every day under the direction of officers who manifest a commendable interest in the welfare of the garrison.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

F. S. PARKER,

Captain and Inspector of Camp.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., September 19, 1864.

General J. B. HOOD, Lovejoy's Station, Ga.:

There is no such peculiar ground of offense by General George Stoneman as would except him from general exchange.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CHARLESTON, September 19, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

I am sending forward prisoners to Florence as they arrive in this State. Guarding and providing for them is a heavy draft on this department. Would like to know how many it is proposed to send this State.

I greatly need the troops I have detached to guard them. It would be some relief to me to be allowed to retain for a few days guards that come with them.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., September 20, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to submit copies of the letters which have passed between General Hood and myself concerning the exchange of prisoners. * He proposed the exchange as to all prisoners captured during the campaign. We have taken 13,000 and he has not taken 5,000. So I would not entertain the proposition of a general exchange, but consented to exchange 2,000 that we still had on hand, not sent to the rear, and for those I agreed to receive only such of ours as belonged to my army and who did not belong to regiments whose time was out. In other words, I insisted on receiving on the spot an

---------------

* See Hood and Sherman and Sherman to Hood, September 8, p. 784; Sherman to Hood, September 9, p. 791; Hood to Sherman, September 11, p. 799; Sherman to Hood, September 12, p. 808; Hood to Sherman to Hood, September 14, p. 822.

---------------

