
equal number of effective men who could immediately resume their places in the ranks of my army. Otherwise my enemy would re-enforce his army at my front and would have been at liberty to send me men belonging to the Army of the Potomac, the Gulf, or of men actually out of service. Had I not on the impulse of the moment assented to a partial exchange I would have declined it altogether when General Hood assented to my terms, and under this agreement sent down 1,300 and received 800. To-morrow we are promised 1,300, after which I will make up the equivalent and send the balance North.

To illustrate the justness of my terms, I need only mention after our agreement General Hood sent me 137 men belonging to Sturgis' command, captured last summer in Mississippi. Hard as it was, my representative, Colonel Warner, had to decline to receive them and see the poor fellows sent back to the disgraceful pen at Andersonville. I have sent word to our prisoners to be of good cheer, for the day of their deliverance and revenge is fast approaching; and you will observe I have asked General Hood to enlarge the area of their pens and give them the means to make for themselves shelter, &amp;c. Many of these prisoners escape, and I have frequent intelligence from them.

Their condition is hard, but Confederate officers assure me that a disposition is felt that will result in improved food and condition. I have reason to believe, that a large part of the prisoners will be removed to South Carolina.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

[SEPTEMBER 20, 1864. -For Sherman to Halleck, submitting correspondence between General Hood, the mayor of Atlanta, and himself, in relation to the removal of the inhabitants of Atlanta, Ga., see Series I, Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p. 414.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 20, 1864.

Major General SAM. JONES,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 16th instant, in which you state that you have allowed correspondence on the part of the prisoners of war in your hands, that your own staff officers give their personal aid to avoid delay and loss of letters, and that your orders are to permit all proper communication to pass through. You further state that, on the other hand, the most meager mails have been received from your prisoners throughout, and that up to the date of your writing not one letter has been received from the prisoners on Morris Island. You also ask that a full understanding may be had upon the subject, and that I will communicate to you if it is my intention that this privilege shall be reciprocal.

In reply I have the honor to say that your courtesy in forwarding letters from the Union prisoners in your hands is deeply appreciated; also that your prisoners on Morris Island or elsewhere within my command are allowed to write to their relatives and friends within your lines, and that my own staff officers have directions to facilitate the prompt delivery of all such letters. To avoid any possible mistake I

