HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 20, 1864.

Major General SAM. JONES,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 16th instant, in reply to mine of the 13th, suggesting the appointment of the Savannah River, off Jones' Island, as a place of meeting for flag of truce, is received.

You state therein that the place will not be convenient for you and that you prefer Port Royal Ferry for ordinary purposes of communication, and Charleston Harbor when transportation is required.

In reply I have the honor to say that, although Port Royal Ferry is inconvenient to me in comparison with the Savannah River, still the humane necessity of having a regular place for the mutual transmission of prisoners' made is so great as to compel my acquiescence in this selection of the ferry for "ordinary purposes of communication. "

In regard to meeting in Charleston Harbor when "transportation is required," permit me to add to the suggestions submitted in my letter of the 13th that with the number of batteries confronting each other in that vicinity there is a constant liability to a mutual misunderstanding upon such occasions growing out of the bombardment going on at that point. One or two such instances have already and been the subject of correspondence between us. Besides, you will be pleased to remember that a meeting there under flag of truce with cessation of firing is a decided military advantage to yourself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 20, 1864.

Major General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Fort Delaware, Del.:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs that the twenty-six citizen-prisoners recently sent from this city to Fort Delaware as hostages for a like number of citizens of Pennsylvania now in confinement in Salisbury, N. C., shall be treated and fed as far as practicable in the same manner that the prisoners are for whom they are hostages.

I inclose herewith a letter received from Mr. James Hamilton, late a prisoner at Salisbury, giving an account of the food and treatment he received while there, and I respectfully request you will make the treatment of the hostages referred to correspond with this in al particulars as far as practicable.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Inclosure.]

WASHINGTON, September 2, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Mr. Culbertson and I were prisoners for thirteen months, held as hostages. Ould alleges that you hold citizens on insufficient or no charges who are not connected with military organizations. He released us because we promised to try to effect the release of Smithson and Reverend Doctor Handy. We were told that you consent to the release of Handy. Ould proposed to release all civilians and capture no more. He proposes to exchange the soldiers, man for man, and hold the excess, and says you might hold hostages for the negro

54 R R-SERIES II, VOL. VII.

