
sewer is choked and in one portion of its course it is defective, allowing the contained filth to exude to the surface, filling the air with offensive effluvia. This place is near the hospital kitchen door. It has necessitated the abandoning of one of the hospital wards, which can be but illy spared, and poisons the atmosphere of the whole prison. An ineffectual attempt has been made to counteract the evil by the use of chloride of lime and other disinfectants instead of proceedings in the proper manner by at once cleansing the sinks and clearing their communication with the main sewer.

Dead-house. - There is no dead-house; the dead are placed before burial in an open shed beside one of the prison quarters. No place is provided in which post-mortem examinations can be made.

HOSPITAL.

But one hospital ward, with a proper capacity of about fifty beds, is now in use, the other, the best one, being rendered untenable by the defective sink drain. The roof of the ward in use is in a very dilapidated condition, leaking in every direction when it rains. At the time of my visit yesterday during a rain-storm the water stood in pools about the floor and many of the beds had to be covered with rubber blankets to keep the patients dry. I had not been informed of this before, but the surgeon in charge has called the attention of the commanding officer to the fact in several communications without effect.

Police, &amp;c. - The sick in hospital are clean, well clad, and comfortable. They show evidence of good care. The hospital clothing, bedding, and utensils are clean and in good order. The ward is well policed. The kitchen and utensils clean and in good order, though nearly untenable from the stench arising from the sink drain.

New hospital. - I hear rumors of a new prison hospital being built; by whose authority I know not. It is unnecessary. The present accommodations, if placed in repair, are ample when the prison is not overcrowded.

Office, &c. - The hospital office and medical store-room were until recently in the main prison building. The commanding officer has lately required the surgeon in charge to vacate these rooms without assigning others in their stead, and I found them yesterday located in a little shed off the abandoned ward, there being no other available place. In their present location the hospital stores, of which a three-months' supply has just been received, are nearly as much exposed to the weather and to depredation as if without any shelter at all.

Female nurses. - Four Sisters of Charity are acting as nurses in the hospital, by order of the commanding officer. They reside outside the prison and draw rations for themselves and one cook.

Variola hospital. - There are now but two patients on the island and they are convalescing. Everything here is in excellent order.

Summary of sick report for month of March, 1864: Remaining sick at last report, 201; taken sick, 1,159; aggregate, 1,360. Returned to quarters, 1,183; died, 51; remaining in hospital, 75; remaining in quarters, 51; per cent. of deaths to aggregate sick, . 0375; average daily sick, hospital, 83; average daily sick, quarters, 47.

Number sick in hospital April 23, 53; in quarters, 39.

Smallpox report: Cases, March 1 to 31, 32; deaths, March 1 to 31, 11; cases, April 1 to 23, 4; deaths, April 1 to 23, 2; cases remaining April 23, 2.

