
soldiers if they refuse to exchange them. This much I promised to say. Could you not capture and hold as hostages, say, two or three for one, some prominent citizens of Virginia to procure to release of the seven citizens who are remaining in prison at Salisbury, N. C.? West Virginia did so for some of her citizens, and they were sent North. I received some intimations that such a course would prove successful.

The treatment of prisoners is severe; food deficient in quantity and quality. Returned prisoners' accounts of treatment are true, Fulton and Ould to the contrary notwithstanding. Boxes and letters even are not given. I received no letters, nor any one else, for two months previous to my release. The boat that brought me up had boxes on it for rebels in our prisons. Many think that Major Mulford is too kind to them and cares less than he should for our men. The Reverend Doctor Moore, who did much to get us away and contributed largely to our comfort during our imprisonment, has two sons in Northern prisons-one, Lieutenant J. B. Moore, at Johnson's Island, and the other, Private J. N. Moore, at Elmira. Could you not make a special exchange for these men, or release them? I think that the son (a lieutenant) of Reverend Doctor Breckinridge would be sent on for Lieutenant Moore. Would you not grant us permits to visit these men and do something for their comfort as an expression of our gratitude for the kindness of their father? Permit me to thank you cordially for your great kindness in making efforts to secure our release. I fear to occupy too much of your lines; at any rate, I cannot yet write connectedly, having lost much of healthy mental tone through sufferings experienced in prison. We understood that you had issued an order for the release of Reverend Doctor Handy for the release of Mr. Culbertson. I presume that you know all about the fearful mortality at Andersonville, Ga., and the fiendish treatment that causes it. You would confer a great obligation by a reply addressed to me to Chambersburg, Pa.

Your obedient and humble servant,

JAS. HAMILTON.

JOHNSON'S ISLAND, September 20, 1864.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN, Columbus, Ohio, (and provost-marshals and military commanders at Detroit, Monroe, Toledo, Cleveland, Painesville, Ashtabula, Conneaut, Erie, Dunkirk, and Buffalo):

Rebels from Canada captured the steamers Parsons and Island Queen near the Bass Island yesterday afternoon and have gone down or across the lake; disappeared from the islands between 10 and 11 o'clock last night; probably gone for re-enforcements, guns, and ammunition.

The capturing party were about thirty, with abundance of revolvers and bowie knives. No other weapons noticed. At Middle Bass Island captors took wood enough to last two days. Warn all vessels and steamers and send all important information here. We have one of the principal conspirators in arrest.

HILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

JOHNSON'S ISLAND, September 20, 1864.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus, Ohio.

Late yesterday, on suspicion, with my advice, Captain Carter, of the U. S. S. Michigan, arrested Cole at Sandusky. He was the principal

