
WASHINGTON, D. C., September 21, 1864.

Colonel C. W. HILL,

Commanding Johnson's Island, Sandusky, Ohio:

COLONEL: Your telegram of last evening reporting the capture of steamers Island Queen and Parsons by a party of Southern rebels from Canada is received. *

An event of this character should have been reported to this office by telegram immediately on its occurrence, so that such steps might be taken in the case as might be deemed advisable. Hereafter give me the earliest information of any rumor of preparations for such an undertaking that may rach you.

You are authorized to permit the sutler to sell candles or oil to prisoners of war, but the use of them at night for lights must not be permitted beyond 9 o'clock, except in cases of sickness, when, on the recommendation of the surgeons, you may extend the privilege at your discretion. Brooms may also be sold to prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN.,

Hospital Numbers 2, September 21, 1864.

Colonel HOFFMAN, Commissary General of Prisoners:

We, the undersigned medical officers of the Confederate Army, would most respectfully state that we addressed a communication to you, dated August 25, in which we reported that we had been detained here three months. We have been led to infer from what the assistant provost-marshal-general of this department remarked in our presence that orders had been received here from you concerning ourselves. If you noticed our former communication and sent any order concerning us, we would respectfully state that we are still defamed here. Why, we know not. All the wounded we have been attending have been exchanged, through Atlanta, during the truce between Generals Sherman and Hood. We most respectfully urge that we be sent immediately to our posts of duty.

We are, very respectfully, your obedient servants,

JAMES WARE,

Surgeon Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Regts. Louisiana Vol. Infty.

STARLING W. JONES,

Surgeon Thirty-ninth Regiment Alabama Volunteer Infantry.

GEO. W. MONROE,

Assistant Surgeon, Twenty-eighth Alabama Regiment.

CLEMENT T. JONES, JR.,

Assistant Surgeon, Third Georgia Cavalry.

W. D. BRENGLE,

Assistant Surgeon, Third Georgia Battalion Sharpshooters.

JAMES M. YOUNG,

Assistant Surgeon, Second Kentucky Battalion Cavalry.

J. R. McKENZIE,

Assistant Surgeon, Eighteenth Regiment Tennessee Volunteer Infty.

J. F. ZACHARIAS,

Assistant Surgeon, C. S. Army.

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p. 427.

---------------

