
Major General JOHN A. LOGAN, Near Atlanta, Ga.:

GENERAL: Your sense of justice will lead you to consider this, our humble petition. Fourteen months ago you were among those who achieved and forced the surrender of Vicksburg. It was another leaf to add to your wreath as a conqueror. After the fall of the Gibraltar of the South many discontented with the rebel service and wishing to return to the Union of their fathers refused the parole. Among them are your humble petitioners. Creole citizens of Louisiana. Before acting we had sought for your advice, and by it we came up the river, in order to take the oath of allegiance to the United States. You assured us that it would be given to us as soon as we should be out of General Grant's lines. We have sent already many petitions to the authorities in command, and so far in vain. The Governor of our dear and noble State of Louisiana, and we believe even the Governor of Indiana, has written to Washington in our behalf, also in vain. We have paid one of the eminent lawyers of Indianapolis to present our petition to the Secretary of War. His endeavors have been fruitless. We are told to write to you. You are now our only hope. Remember that we have already suffered a captivity of fourteen months, and that we have families depending upon us. One word from you to the Secretary of War will be sufficient. Explain our true position at Vicksburg. We know that one word from you is enough to procure our release. Say it, and you will ever be blessed by the Creole population of Louisiana.

Respectfully your obedient servants,

H. GILLY,

Private, Co. E, Twenty-third Regiment Louisiana Heavy Artillery.

[And twenty-eight others.]

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,September 21, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War.

I have no doubt that these men thought they would be permitted to take the oath, but I have no recollection of making any statement of this kind to them.

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.

CAMP LAWTON, September 21, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

We have been much delayed for want of labor. We will be brought to a standstill if funds are not furnished. We have not one cent and no materials or tools. Please send $250,000 at once to Captain R. B. Winder, prison quartermaster.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 21, 1864.

Major HUTSON LEE, Chief Quartermaster:

MAJOR: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to call your attention to the following extract of a communication from Captain

