
are really unable to supply socks, drawers, undershirts, scissors, combs, soap, &amp;c., which our men need more than anything else to preserve cleanliness and health. Should, however, he assent, I will telegraph you to send me such articles as we do not have on hand, and will give credit to your commission for all I obtain. This appears to me the best manner in which I can carry out your humane, patriotic, and most worthy object.

With sentiments of great respect, your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Atlanta, Ga., September 22, 1864.

General J. B. HOOD:

GENERAL: My latest authentic information from Andersonville is to the 12th, and from what I learn our prisoners of war confined there are being removed to Savannah, Charleston, and Millen, [and] need many articles which we possess in superfluity, and can easily supply, with your consent and assistance, such as shirts, drawers, socks, shoes, soap, candles, combs, scissors, &c. If you will permit me to send a train of wagons with a single officer, to go along under flag of truce, I will send down to Lovejoy's or Palmetto a train of wagons loaded exclusively with 10,000 or 15,000 of each of these articles, and a due proportion of soap, candles, &c., under such other restrictions as you may think prudent to name I would like my officer to go along to issue these things, but will have no hesitation in sending them if you will simply promise to have them carried to the places where our prisoners are and have them fairly distributed.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SAINT MARY'S,Point lookout, Md., September 22, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit the report of Captain Egan, the office sent in charge of the sick paroled prisoners to report to Major Mulford, assistant agent for exchange. You will observe that eight of the number died before being exchanged. I inclose you a report of a board of surgeons which was made to me, by which you will see that all the care possible was taken to select suitable men for transportation. After the assistant surgeon had selected a large number I directed Doctor Heger to appoint a medical board for the purpose of revising the selection made and to determine the propriety of forwarding the men, with full power to make such selection as they should judge proper. The men selected by this board were the men sent, but I am informed that the excitement attending the idea of going home acted unfavorably upon many of them who previously appeared quite able to endure their being transferred. Every preparation for the necessities of the men as to supplies and attendants was made, and all practicable care, I have no doubt, was bestowed upon them.

Very respectfully, colonel, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JAMES BARNES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

