
[Inclosure Numbers 1]

CAMP HOFFMAN, Point Lookout, Md., September 22, 1864.

Captain C. H. DREW,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Saint Mary's:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of my discharge of the duty confided to me by order from headquarters of this district requiring me to take charge of a body of 500 invalid prisoners of war, paroled for exchange from this place to report to Major Mulford, at Old Point. I left this place at 2 p. m. on the 18th instant on the steamer Dictator, in charge of a guard of fifty enlisted men and one commissioned officer, two surgeons, and one hospital steward, and forty-six more convalescents returning to their regiments as nurses to the sick prisoners. Suitable arrangements were made for the comfort of the sick and proper attention appeared to be bestowed for upon them by the surgeons and nurses. We arrived at Fortress Monroe at 9 p. m. Four of the prisoners died during the night. Their names are as follows: First, R. O. Webb, Company C, Seventh Virginia Infantry; second, John T. Lunn, Company H, Fifth North Carolina Cavalry; third, John Miller, Bowman's artillery; fourth, W. H. Wilson, Virginia artillery. Their bodies were delivered to Doctor ---, medical director at Fortress Monroe. I reported to Major Mulford on the following morning and was directed to proceed to Bermuda Hundred and await orders. I left at 11 a. m. and arrived at Bermuda Hundred at 5. p. m., and remained until the following morning, the 20th instant. Four of the prisoners died during the night. Their names were as follows: First, W. P. Edwards, Company B, Twenty-seventh South Carolina; second, Levi Shiflett, Company C, Second Tennessee Cavalry; third, W. M. Knight, Company H, Seventh Georgia Cavalry; fourth, name unknown. This last man died while being transferred and I was unable to ascertain his name. The bodies of these men were delivered to H. E. Gates, assistant surgeon in charge post hospital at City Point. the remainder of the prisoners, 492, were transferred at Bermuda Hundred to the flag-of-truce boat New York, and I herewith inclose the receipt* of Major Mulford, assistant agent for exchange, for them.

Having thus discharged the duty confided to me, I returned to City Point and delivered the convalescents, forty-six in number, who had been acting as nurses to the prisoners, to the provost-marshal at that place, taking a receipt for the same. Here the steamer Dictator was taken by the quartermaster's department and I received transportation for myself and the guard, one lieutenant, and fifty men, on the steamer Silver Star, for Point Lookout. The medical officers here left without any authority from me, leaving a large number of blankets and the boxes of medical stores which had been landed from the Dictator for me to bring to Point Lookout. I understand they went to the city of Norfolk, but I saw no more of them. I arrived at Point Lookout at 4. 30 a. m. on the 21st and discharged the guard and delivered the blankets and hospital stores in my charge to Doctor Thompson, surgeon for prisoners of war.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MICHAEL EGAN,

Captain Company E, Twentieth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Detachment.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

