
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

POINT LOOKOUT, MD., September 17, 1864.

Major A. HEGER.

Surgeon, U. S. Army, and Medical Director, Saint Mary's District:

SURGEON: The undersigned board of surgeons, appointed to select 500 prisoners of war for the purpose of exchange, have the honor to report that they have performed that duty and selected 500 men, who in their opinion are able for transportation and who will not be able for active duty for thirty or more days, viz, 423 from the hospital, 77 from the camp at large; total, 500. In the discharge of this duty the board examined all of the most disabled in camp, and with the exception of twenty-eight selected the same men who had previously been selected by Actg. Asst. Gurg. L. F. Russell for the same purpose. Of those previously selected by Doctor Russell three had died, two were rejected by the board, being citizens, twelve were considered too low for transportation, and eleven, not because they might not have been selected under the order, but because others were found more disabled. Of the twelve cases who were considered by the board too low for transportation, their condition had evidently changed for the worse since the previous examination. After carefully investigating all the facts and the manner of the previous selection by Doctor Russell, the board is of the opinion that the selection was made with a view to a conscientious discharge of his duties under the order, and not influenced by any other consideration whatever. The reason why eleven cases were found by the board and not by Doctor Russell who were more disabled, and substituted for the eleven rejected last mentioned, was that he had obtained the requisite number before he had examined the entire camp.

W. HA. GARDNER,

Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army.

GEO, McC. MILLER,

Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers.

J. GILMAN,

Acting Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 22, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, U. S. Army,

Chief of Staff Armies of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: In addition to the names of rebel officers, prisoners of war, reported to you in my letter of the 19th instant as having applied to take the oath of allegiance, I have the honor of forward the name of First Lieutenant J. J. Maddox, Company D. Thirty-eighth Georgia Regiment. He is one of the number confined on Morris Island.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 22, 1864.

Colonel W. P. RICHARDSON,

Commanding Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 17th instant in reference to the use of Farmer's boilers at Camp Chase is received. I did not intend to be

