
understood by my letter of the 11th instant that you had failed to carry out my orders in regard to the boilers. They were issued a year or two since. All the rangers that I have seen, or which have been obtained for prisoners' camps, are more expensive than the boilers, but if you can obtain them at less cost and equally convenient, the cooking to be done by boiling in large quantities, I have no objection to their use. I do not desire any change to be made in your kitchens or the number of men to be cooked for. The number of boilers to be used depends upon the size of the boiler and the number of men to be cooked for. One boiler of 120 gallons will cook for 250 men, and I believe it has been found by experience that the largest size boilers are best, but whether to use one large one or two of smaller size I leave to your judgment. I am told that large caldrons, set in brick-work, are more economical and more durable than the Farmer boilers. I would like you to make the experiment with one or two at Camp Chase.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Camp Douglas, Chicago, Ill., September 22, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that simultaneously with the seizure of the steam-boats Parsons and Island Queen and the attempt to release prisoners at Johnson's Island, on the 19th of September, a plot was discovered on the part of the prisoners of war here to make a concerted and combined attempt to overcome the guard and escape at sundown of that day. The draft had been advertised to take place that day in the city, and they presumed largely on an outbreak, which they believed had or would occur in opposition to its enforcement. I determined to let them make the effort, punish them in the act, and made disposition accordingly. they suspected as much and failed to carry out their designs. It is observable that the prisoners are restive and inventive to an uncommon degree of late.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. J. SWEET,

Colonel Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.

OFFICE EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Mobile, Ala., September 22, 1864.

Colonel C. C. DWIGHT,

U. S. Agent of Exchange, New Orleans, La.:

COLONEL: Your favor of 11th instant is before me. I regret that you could not make the deliveries on parole which I proposed, but join in your hope that they will soon be exchanged.

I have the honor to inclose a communication for Major Ig. Szymanski in reply to his letter which you had the kindness to forward. *

Colonel Watts directs me to renew to you the proposition which he had the honor to make to you on the 10th instant for the exchange of

---------------

*See p. 863

---------------

