
the Fort Morgan garrison, and request as early a reply as agreeable to you, after you have heard from Major Szymanski.

I have to thank you for your prompt delivery of the surgeons and hospital stewards captured from the forts. I have also to thank you for forwarding me a letter from home, and take the liberty of inclosing one which I would beg you to have dropped in the post-office.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES R. CURELL,

Major and Assistant Commissioner of Exchange.

ARMY MEDICAL PURVEYOR'S OFFICE,

Louisville, Ky., September 22, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, U. S. Army,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose my report of medical inspection of the military prison and a portion of the U. S. General Hospital Numbers 1, at Nashville, Tenn. I had to lay over one day at Pittsburgh and at Cincinnati, and one at Nashville. I expect to be at Columbus to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. M. GETTY,

Surgeon and Acting Medical Inspector of Prisoners of War.

[Inclosure.]

Report of a medical inspection of the military prison and a portion of Nashville General Hospital Numbers 1, Nashville, Tenn., commanded by Captain R. M. Goodwin, Thirty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, and acting provost-marshal, Department of the Cumberland, made on the 20th of September, 1864, by Surg. T. M. Getty, U. S. Army, acting medical inspector of military prisons.

name and geographical position - portion of the penitentiary, Nashville, Tenn. Water, source, supply, quality, effects - an abundance of good hydrant water. Fuel, whence obtained, kind, supply - an abundance of good oak wood, obtained near by. Local causes of disease, removal, mitigation - an absence of fresh vegetables, fresh vegetables. Prison, how arranged, how long occupied - cells and small rooms. Previous use of ground - Nashville Penitentiary. Buildings, kinds, quality, condition - a portion of the penitentiary, suitable for prisoners. Buildings, warming, ventilation, change of position - by stoves, good. Buildings, sufficiency, number of men to each - plenty of room. Sinks and cesspools, construction, position, management - good enough, wooden, cleansed thrice daily. Removal of offal and rubbish, police of camp - promptly, good. Rations, quality, quantity, variety - prison rations, good and plenty. Vegetables and pickles, kinds, amount, how obtained - none. Rations, how cooked, how inspected, messing - well, daily, good. Clothing, condition, deficiencies - enough, very little furnished from outsiders. Men, morale, sanitary condition, personal cleanliness - prisoners, good. There is no hospital at the prison. The sick are sent for treatment to the Nashville General Hospital Numbers 1. At this hospital a ward large enough to contain 100 beds has been set apart for them, allowing 800 cubic feet of area to a patient. They receive the same care and attention that our sick do. The supplies on

