
agreement relative to the delivery on each side of naval officers, men, and marines, includes yourself and the officers and men with you. I do not see how there can be any possible mistake in this matter shall therefore insist upon your delivery, and your command are not returned will be compelled to retain an equal number of Federal naval officers and men.

It makes no difference under the agreement who made the capture. All naval officers and men are to be released any army equivalents given to the belligerent that holds the excess. If the fact that a capture was made by other than a naval force constituted a good excuse for not making the delivery, then we could refuse to deliver at least one-half of the Federal naval officers in our custody, as they were captured by land forces.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 23, 1864.

Colonel G. P. HARRISON, Commanding at Florence:

COLONEL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 22nd instant. He is glad to hear that affairs are progressing satisfactorily at Florence.

Captain Holman's company of reserve cavalry has been ordered to report to you by Brigadier-General Chestnut.

Please inform these headquarters when the stockade is completed, as in that case a portion of the Charleston prisoners may be forwarded to Florence, until they are ready for their reception at Millen. The chief ordnance officer has been called upon to see whether he can supply any more accouterments.

Two officers of the Thirty-second Georgia have been ordered to report to you for duty. I will endeavor to procure a copy of prison regulations for you and forward them to Florence.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, September 24, 1864.

Rear-Admiral JOHN A. DEHLGREN,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, off Charleston:

SIR: On the 7th instant I advised you of the intention of the Department to send to you by the Circassian on her next trip all the officers and seamen of the so-called Confederate Navy now imprisoned in the North, with a view to their exchange for our Navy officers in the South.

The Circassian, which carries out this communication, will take out some 40 officers and 140 men, the exact numbers not being known to the Department. They embrace all that have any connection, so far as known, with the so-called Southern Navy, excepting such as of their own accord preferred remaining here.

A list of the officers is herewith inclosed; also inclose copy of a correspondence that has just passed between this Department and Mr. Mallory, from which you will perceive that there is a mutual desire and understanding for the exchange of all naval prisoners held by either side.

