
It will not be necessary to detain the Circassian at Port Royal. The prisoners can be transferred to some other vessel or to some place on shore for safe custody should there be delay in effecting the exchange. The Circassian must return without any delay to resume her regular trips.

Major-General Hitchcock, commissioner of exchange, advised me a few days since of the return from the South of Captain Bird, of the army, under parole for the purpose of effecting a special exchange for Captain Murden, late in command of the blockade-running steamer Vicotry. Captain Murden holds an appointment as an acting master of the so-called Confederate Navy. At the request of Major-General Hitchcock, the Department consented that Mr. Murde should be exchanged as an equivalent for Captain Bird, on the condition that an army officer should be returned over to us to give in exchange for one of our navy officers. Mr. Murden is among the number sent down, and you will use him in accordance with the assurance made by Major-General Hitchcock.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., September 24, 1864.

Brigadier General R. SAXTON,

Commanding Northern District, Dept. of the South, morris Island, S. C.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to return the within requisitions for blankets for the rebel prisoners of war in your custody without his approval.

The War Department directs that these prisoners be treated in all respects as our officers are treated who are confined in Charleston. From the best information in the possession of the major-general commanding, the rebel authorities in Charleston are not issuing blankets to their prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP LAWTON, Near Millen, Ga., September 24, 1864.

[General S. COOPER:]

GENERAL: I am still at this post. I find it necessary to remain and press forward the stockade. I now see that it will be ready by Wednesday next to receive prisoners. I shall leave here to-morrow or next day for Andersonville, to remove my headquarters to this place. I will apprise you of my departure from Andersonville and of my arrival here. I shall, unless otherwise instructed, leave Colonel Gibbs in command at Andersonville with the sick prisoners who are not in a situation to be moved, with a small guard. I have brought to this place eleven guns and shall, unless otherwise instructed, bring the rest of the armament from Andersonville with the artillery company and the force of reserves now there. I shall begin next week to move the prisoners from Savannah to this place. I will forward you a plan of the prison; it is, I presume, the largest prison in the world; it contains

