
OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 25, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commissioner for Exchange, Fort Monroe, Va.:

The prisoners at Fort Delaware have been ready for the Essex since the 20th. When can she go for them?

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

ALTON, ILL., April 25, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I forwarded my report of inspection of the military prison at this place yesterday, inclosing a copy of a communication addressed by me to Colonel Weer in reference to the repairs, &amp;c., required to make the sanitary condition of the prison what it should be. I had been unable to obtain an interview with Colonel Weer until after my report had been sent off. I then met him, when he showed me a communication from you which leads me to think that I may have placed a wrong interpretation on your telegram of March 9, instructing me to "order no buildings or other improvements without your approval. " I understood this to refer only to additional buildings, &c., and not to restrict me from directing the necessary repairs on hospital buildings and sanitary appliances, as sinks, &c., in accordance with your instructions to me of 25th and 28th of December, 1863.

Colonel Weer states that he wrote to you, asking for authority to make the necessary expenditures in carrying out the suggestions made by me February 18, and that in reply you directed him to make an estimate of the amount required. On asking him if he had made the required estimate, he replied that he had not, considering it to be the surgeon's duty to do so. That officer, however, had received no instructions in the matter.

The sinks of this prison are in horrible condition, as I have already stated, and need attention immediately, as does also the roof of the hospital ward. Have I authority to direct such matters as this, or am I to consider your telegram of 9th ultimo as rescinding that portio of your previous instructions?

Colonel Weer telegraphed you yesterday, asking for instructions to make the necessary expenditure in carrying out my suggestions. At his request I also signed the telegram.

In justice to Colonel Weer I must say that when he is himself he appears anxious to do his full duty. In explanation of his act of removing the surgeon from his quarters in the main prison buiel stated that Doctor Worall had taken possession of the same without authority; that he was not aware of the fact of no proper place having been provided for the medical stores, as the surgeon for the purpose.

Colonel Weer has taken offense at the surgeon in charge, and they do to work together. Doctor Worrall is an old man and apparently not very well posted in his military duties, but anxious to do his duty fully, and, well assisted as he is by his assistants, his hospital is in fully as satisfactory condition as the circumstances will allow.

