
old tents from the hospital department. Major Parkhill, quartermaster, has been instructed to use the utmost endeavors to procure lumber for winter quarters.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS POST AND C. S. MILITARY PRISONS,Richmond, September 23, 1864.

Captain C. MORFIT, Assistant Quartermaster:

CAPTAIN: The sufferings of the prisoners of war on Belle Isle for want of protection from the weather are so great that they may lead to serious consequences. The brigadier-general commanding therefore directs that you will at one provide either tents or the necessary material for building them winter quarters, and have the latter erected at once, the prisoners themselves performing the labor.

By command of General Gardner:

GARNETT ANDREWS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

There is no shelter for the guard on Belle Isle (i. e., the daily guard of 100 men detailed from the battalion on duty there). You will make the same provision for them.

By command of General Gardner:

GARNETT ANDREW,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

RICHMOND, VA., September 24, 1864.

Major GARNETT ANDREWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Richmond, Va.:

MAJOR: I find that I can neither get a sufficient number of tents nor the material for building quarters the prisoners at Belle Isle. Major Bentley has only been able to furnish twenty-five tents and Major Parkhill can only furnish fifty more. This closes out the stock of tents.

The supply of lumber here is very limited and the heavier timbers required for a house cannot be had at all. Neither Major Parkhill nor Captain Weisiger can meet my requisitions, as will be seen from the accompanying communications.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. MORFIT,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

RICHMOND, VA., September 23, 1864.

Captain W. W. WEISIGER,

Assistant Quartermaster, Richmond, Va.:

CAPTAIN: I am ordered by General Gardner to provide shelter for the prisoners at Bell Isle and will have to put up houses, as tents cannot be had.

Can you furnish about 100,000 feet of lumber for this purpose, embracing plank, rafters, joists, scantling, &amp;c.? It will be needed immediately.

Respectfully, your, obedient servant,

C. MORFIT,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

