
ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Richmond, September 24, 1864.

Captain MORFIT:

The Secretary of War refuses my application for details of contractors to furnish lumber, and says I must impress it. I have not more than 120,000 feet on hand. Major Parkhill has a saw-mill and may be able to supply you. I have requisitions for more than I have.

Very respectfully,

W. W. WEISIGER,

Assistant Quartermaster.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

RICHMOND, VA., September 24, 1864.

[Major PARKHILL:]

MAJOR: Please let me know how many tents and how much lumber you can supply me with immediately. The tents are for the prisoners at Belle Isle and the lumber (say 200,000 feet) to put up permanent sheds at the same place.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. MORFIT,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

[Indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Richmond, September 24, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Captain Morfit, assistant quartermaster.

I can furnish fifty tents. There are tents needed up the Valley for our wounded brought back from General Early's army, so I cannot spare many just now. I cannot supply you with any lumber, having none on hand. I cannot say when I will have any to spare, even when I begin to receive, it, as it is required for repairs and building the hospitals.

JNO H. PARKHILL,

Major and Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,September 25, 1864 - 11 a. m.

Colonel HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

Major Mulford leaves City Point this morning with 600 officers and soldiers, mostly disabled, except in case of special exchange. There are at least 600 more at and about Richmond for another load. Please get ready 600 of disabled Confederates, either at Point Lookout of Fort Delaware, preferably the latter, for return trip. Nearly 30 died out of 500 in the last load. Instruct the surgeons to send none who are in that condition. The occurrence does not speak well either for the Government or its officials. The rebel commissioner of exchange agrees to deliver us at Fort Pulaski all of the sick in Georgia by the 10th of next month, to the number of at least 5,000. I am preparing transportation for 5,000 disabled Confederates to be carried down by the same transports that bring ours up. Please assemble them from the various camps and hospitals to point where they can be reached by the boats, and notify me.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

