
you? "Yes; why not?" was the answer. "Why not! why, he may have killed your brother or some of your people. " "No," was the reply; "he has killed none of my people. " "Well," says lady, "you had better feed him with arsenic if you feed him at all. "

The feeling among our men now prisoners is not, in consequence of the deceptive reports of the rebel guards and their long confinement and apparently hopeless condition, of the character that loyal men could wish to exist. Our men are told by the rebels that our "Government will not exchange them, and demand even the rate of seven Confederates to one Yankee. "

Such is the exaggeration of the stories that are told them, some of which our poor men believe, and hence their willingness to work even upon rebel fortifications in order to obtain a small modification of their sufferings.

I have tried in every way to send them supplies. I accordance with your direction no to instruct the U. S. supplies for distribution to other than our own officers, I have inquired of Major General Sam. Jones if he will allow some of the U. S. officers now prisoners of war to act as quartermasters in the distribution of these supplies. He replies in the negative, but states that he will endeavor to see that all supplies that are sent and instructed to him are faithfully delivered.

In accordance with this promise, being actuated by a desire to render prompt aid to our suffering me, I have sent forward a considerable sum of money, raised by private subscription in this department; also many private boxes of stores, accompanied by supplies from the Sanitary Commission.

The money was instructed to a Catholic priest, who engaged to deliver it to the priest in charge of the sick and dying men who were at Andersonville for distribution to them or expenditure for their benefit. The Sanitary Commission has further engaged to send forward 5,000 suits of clothing by the next flag-of-truce boat.

I believe that it would be immensely to the benefit of the Government to order a general exchange of prisoners and give them all new life. However slow the exchange may be effected in reality, the knowledge that their time will come in turn will make all, both officers and men, satisfied and hopeful.

I cannot urge this matter too strongly upon you, and ask that you urge it upon the Government. I am satisfied that all soldiers, both white and black can be readily exchange without delay or lengthy correspondence.

I would prefer, however, if the Government comes to the determination to exchange, that the prisoners placed in my hands for retaliation be not exchanged until all Union prisoners be removed from under our fire in Charleston.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - the information of the inducing several hundred of our men to work on the fortifications in the harbor comes direct from Charleston, and is, I think, entitled to credit.

I shall, however, take measures you certain the whole truth.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

