HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, Fla., September 25, 1864.

Major General E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Commissioner for Exchange of Prisoners:

GENERAL: Soon after the battle of Olustee, in Florida, a list of wounded and prisoners in the hands of the enemy was forwarded to our lines by the commander of the rebel army. The very small number of colored prisoners attracted immediate attention, as it was well known that the number left wounded on the field was large.

It is now known that the most of the wounded colored men were murdered on the field. These outrages were perpetrated, so far as I can ascertain, by the Georgia regulars and the Georgia volunteers in Colquitt's brigade.

As many of these troops are now in our hands as prisoners, an investigation of circumstances might easily be made. All accounts represent the Florida troops as not engaged in the murders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, JOHNSON'S ISLAND AND SANDUSKY,Johnson's Island, Ohio, September 25, 1864.

Captain JOHN LEWIS, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit herewith my Sunday morning report of the condition of the prison and prisoners:

On the night of the 23rd of September, at 8. 30 o'clock, the island was visited by the most violent storm of wind and rain ever known in this neighborhood. The damage to the prison was the unroofing of blocks 4, 5, and 9 entirely and one wing of the hospital. A very heavy wind the whole of the day following prevented work on the roofs. To-day as many men as can be supplied with tools are pushing on the repairs. This week will probably see everything in good shape again. The prison fence was prostrated entirely on the northwest side and about fifty yards on the southwest side. The balance of the fence stood, with the exception of a small gap made by the falling of a tree. The fence will probably be up-to-night, as all the force that can be put on are at work. Up to the time of the storm the police of the quarters and grounds was very good. the sinks are also in good order. The sanitary condition of the prisoners is as follows: Whole number of prisoners, 2,664; number in hospital, 51; death since last report, 2. Some ten prisoners were more or less bruised and otherwise injured by the falling of timber, chimneys, &amp;c. ; but one seriously and his only a severe flesh wound.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. SCOVILL,

Lieutenant Colonel 128th Ohio Vol Infty., Superintendent of Prison.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, JOHNSON'S ISLAND AND SANDUSKY,Johnson's Island, Ohio, October 1, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel W. Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, approved, except as to damages made by the tornado and the time required to repair. Four large trees were blown down in the

