
prison yard and one of the new mess-halls was badly canted over. The fence which fell was made a perfect wreck, and had to be entirely rebuilt and supplied with a large quantity of new scantling and lumber. The fence was not replaced until the 29th ultimo. The cause for my delay is stated in my indorsement on the report for the 18th ultimo.

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

OFFICE ASSISTANT AGENT FOR EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Fort Monroe, Va., September 25, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of rolls from your office of all Confederate officers held by the U. S. authorities prisoners of war. I would also inform you that I expect to be able to exchange with Mr. Ould on my next trip for rolls of all our officers prisoners in the South. He notified me at our last interview that return were in from all prisons except those in an about Savannah, Ga.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO E. MULFORD,

Major and Assistant Agent for Exchange.

CAMP CHASE, OHIO, September 25, 1864.

Colonel W. P. RICHARDSON, Commanding Post:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of an inspection of camp and prisons for the week ending September 24, 1864, in pursuance to Order Numbers 169, issued from post headquarters, Camp Chasem, Ohio, August 22, 1864:

Prison Numbers 1 contains rebel officers and is kept in a healthy condition by being kept will policed and nicely drained. It is well graded and presents a fine appearance, but I would respectfully suggest that the eastern wall of this prison be moved on a line with prisons 2 and 3 and the old sink filled up and a new once constructed. Prison Numbers 2 contains rebel enlisted men and the hospital buildings. The prison looks very well on account of being nicely police, well drained, and graded. Everything in the hospital is kept neat and clean; bedding and clothing often changed. Prison Numbers 3, like prisons 1 and 2, is in good order and has received proper attention in every respect. Its appearance speaks well for the officers in charge. The ranges spoken of in former reports are not furnished, the lack of which has a material effect upon the convenience of the prisons.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

F. S. PARKER,

Captain D Company, Eighty-eighth Ohio Vol. Infty., Prison Inspector.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Camp Chase, Ohio, September 29, 1864.

respectfully forwarded.

I am not fully satisfied of the necessity of removing the fence in Prison Numbers 1, as suggested in this report. The cooking arrangements in all prisons are being perfected as rapidly as possible.

W. P. RICHARDSON,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, Commanding.

