
PRISON CAMP, Elmira, N. Y., September 25, 1864.

Lieutenant R. J. McKEE, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that I have made the weekly inspection of this camp in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 289, and find the police of camp good; police of quarters, good; police of hospital, good; police of guard-house, good; police of kitchen, good; police of mess-rooms. fair. Some clothing is received daily from the friends of prisoners, but there is still great destitution. the weather is cold for the season, and those in tents especially suffer. There are no stoves in quarters or hospital. About 500 are sick in hospital and about 100 in quarters who are fit subjects for, and should receive, hospital treatment. Those sick in quarters are fed on the ordinary prison ration, notwithstanding an order has been issued to treat them as in hospital. During the past week there have been 112 deaths, reaching one day 29. There seems little doubt numbers have died both in quarters and hospital for want of proper food.

Respectfully, yours,

B. MUNGER,

Captain and Inspector of Camp.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DRAFT RENDEZVOUS,Elmira, N. Y., September 30, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the Commissary-General of Prisoners with the following remarks: Drainage of camp is not good. there is a pond of stagnant water in the center, which renders camp unhealthy. This can be remedied by bringing water from the river through the camp. This being done, with more perfect drainage, there is no reason why the camp should not be healthy. Many men are intents without floors or blankets. Barracks should be erected instead of tents. Hospital accommodations insufficient at present. New wards are being built. Hospital mess-rooms to accommodate about 200 patients much needed. Police of hospital good, except sinks; an offensive smell enters the tents from these. I doubt whether, with present mode of construction, this could be prevented. Scurvy prevails to a great extent. Few if any vegetables have been recently issued. Greater efforts should be made to prevent scurvy.

B. F. TRACY,

Colonel 127 th U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Depot.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,Charleston, September 25, 1864.

Captain H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department Headquarters:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that yesterday morning the enemy sent in a flag-of-truce boat at Battery Marshall, bringing fifteen boxes of clothing for naval prisoners, with letters and money. The boxes are in the hands of the quartermaster, and the letters with money, which is in greenbacks, are at my office. There was no communication for department headquarters. I propose to turn the whole over to the provost-marshal for examination and distribution unless otherwise directed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

