
OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL OF PRISONERS,

ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,

Rock Island, Ill., September 26, 1864.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON,

Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the condition of prison and prison hospital for the week ending to-day, as follows:

The buildings, external and internal, present a clean and tidy appearance; the streets and avenues, being kept clear of all filth and dirt, are in very good order; the kitchens of both departments are in excellent condition; the general appearance of the prisoners is clean and comfortable; no change of importance since the last report.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CARAHER,

Lieutenant Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps,

Provost-Marshal of Prisoners.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,Rock Island, Ill., September 28, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel William Hoffman, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

The condition of the prison and hospital are as herein stated. We have received an accession to our command by the arrival on the 23rd of the One hundred and eighth Regiment Colored Infantry, numbering 980 men.

A. J. JOHNSON,

Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.

Weekly report of the condition of the military prisons of Saint Louis Mo., September 26, 1864.

Condition of Gratiot Street Prison. - Buildings, no change since last report; sinks and yards, satisfactory; kitchens and mess-rooms, very clean; cleanliness of prisoners, satisfactory; quarters and bedding, good; hospital, same as when last reported.

Condition of Myrtle Street Prison. - Buildings, the attempt to break out to-day shows again the necessity of changing this poor place; sinks and yards, satisfactory; kitchens and mess-rooms, clean; cleanliness of prisoners, improving; quarters and bedding, improving.

Colonel JOSEPH DARR, Jr., Acting Provost-Marshal-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to present herewith a special and lengthy report* about our prisons, which contains all I have to say this week, and I hope that the authorities at Washington will soon consider the importance of the points therein mentioned.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

GUST. HEINRICHS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Inspector of Military Prisons.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,Saint Louis, October 1, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General of Prisoners, reserving the large report mentioned by Major Heinrichs, as involving too

