
important propositions for me in the present condition of my health this week to make a final disposition of it.

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General.

C. S. MILITARY PRISON HOSPITAL,

Andersonville, Ga., September 26, 1864.

R. R. STEVENSON, Surgeon in Charge:

SIR: I would most respectfully call your attention to the very bad sanitary condition of the second division, as well as to the whole hospital; to the immense quantity of filth accumulating in the streets, and to the filthiness of the tents and patients; and to the fact that it can not be otherwise until we are furnished with the means with which to work; patients lying on the cold ground without bed or blanket; and also that we have a very scanty supply of medicines; and that the rations are not of the proper kind and not issued in proper quantity. Hoping that the proper steps may be taken to remedy these defects,

I am, sir, you obedient servant,

A. THORNBURGH,

Assistant Surgeon, Provisional Army, C. S.

MANSFIELD, OHIO, September 26, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

DEAR SIR: Allow me again to urge your aid to get a special exchange for Major W. Stanhope Marshall, of the Fifth (I think) Iowa Volunteers. he is now at Charleston, S. C. Aside from his merits as an officer, and his long imprisonment, there is this additional reason for an exchange; His father, John S. Marshall, of this county, is very feeble, and will probably not live two months, and will leave a large property, the care of which and of his mother and family will devolve on Colonel Marshall. The family is in deep distress, and I sincerely trust you will send this note with such a request to General Foster as will secure the exchange of Colonel Marshall. I shall feel personally grateful for this favor.

Very truly, yours,

JOHN SHERMAN.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 5, 1864.

Great - the greatest - respect is due to the wishes of the Honorable John Sherman, but the exchange of individuals, except for public reasons, during the suspension of general exchanges, is producing great dissatisfaction; I mean except for visible public, reasons, for no exchanges are made upon individual grounds.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

CAMP LAWTON, Near Millen, Ga., September 26, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose a plan of the stockade at this place; it will be inclosed this week. I leave to-morrow for Andersonville, and shall take immediate steps to remove my headquarters to this place and to take the prisoners.

Respectfully,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

56 R R - SERIES II, VOL VII

