
camp - daily, not very good. Rations, quality, quantity, variety - parts of the prison rations good, abundant. Vegetables and pickles, kinds, amount, how obtained - formerly from the prison fund, occasionally, potatoes, &amp;c. Rations, how cooked, how inspected, messing - on ranges, by the trader, good enough. Clothing, condition, deficiencies - not very good, supplied by outsiders. Men, sanitary condition, personal cleanliness - good, not very clean. A room 22 by 14 has been set apart in the prison for the sick, who average about six or eight. Those who are seriously sick are sent to the post hospital, Act. Asst. Surg. J. D. Stillman in charge. There is a small hospital, fund that is properly expended. There has been but one death since April last. Captain J. B. Shaw,

Fourth U. S. Colored Artillery, is immediately in charge of the prison. The prison fund amounts to about $600. None of the fund has been expended lately, the circular from the office of the Commissary-General of Prisoners not having been received. They were furnished by me. I directed kitchen and table furniture to be purchased at once; also vegetables twice a week. I also directed that a small sum, not to exceed $100, be appropriated in repairing the prison roof, that leaks very badly, provided that it would not be required by the quartermaster. The average number of prisoners is about seventy-one, half bushwhackers awaiting trial an the other half Federal soldiers. They money belonging to the prisoners is in the hands of the prison office and is properly expended.

T. M. GETTY,

Surg., U. S. Army, and Actg. Medical Insp. of Prisoners of War.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., September 27, 1864.

Mr. JAMES E. YETMAN, Sanitary Commission, Saint Louis:

SIR: Send me all the shirts, fine combs, and scissors for cutting hair you can spare for our prisoners South. I will, on their receipt, send them out under an agreement with General Hood. I would like to get 1,200 fine combs, and 400 scissors. Our commissary can supply soap and candles, and the quartermaster has shoes, socks, and underclothing.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

W. Walkarte, and others, Confederate prisoners, Camp Chase, asking that clothing, blankets, and shoes, of which they are much in need, be sent to them by the Government.

SEPTEMBER 27, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Quartermaster-General.

There is at present no agreement between the two belligerents as to the supply of clothing to prisoners. I am now, and have been for some time, of the firm belief that it would be good policy to allow the Federals to supply Yankee prisoners here with coarse clothing. It would save us the expense, and give us an opportunity of sending clothing to our people in the North, which would otherwise be denied to us. I see no other way half as acceptable of settling the question, both as to our own and the enemy's prisoners. I understand from a conversation with

