
the Secretary of War that such is his view also. I shall accordingly make the proposition (limiting it to one suit of coarse clothing for each prisoner, with blanket) to the Federal authorities when I next meet them. I am quite sure they will accede to it.

[RO. OULD.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 229. Richmond, September 27, 1864.

* * * *

XXVI. Lieutenant Colonel R. Stark Means, of the Invalid Corps (late of Seventeenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers), is assigned to the command of the military prisons at Charleston, S. C.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,

Charleston, S. C., September 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District,

Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that your communication of the 25th, relative to the flag-of-truce boat, and the receipt of sundry packages from the enemy for the use of the prisoners, has been received.

You will turn over the boxes and letters containing money, &amp;c., to Major Hutson Lee, chief quartermaster subject to the orders of these headquarters. In future you will detain flags of truce until the fact of their presence has been communicated to these headquarters (which can be seedily done by telegraph) and permission granted to receive them. Under agreement with Major-General Foster, commanding U. S. forces, all flags of truce must derive their authority from the respective department headquarters.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 27, 1864.

Major HUTSON LEE,

Chief Quartermaster Dept. of S. Carolina, Georgia, and Florida:

MAJOR: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that Brigadier-General Ripley, commanding First Military District, has been directed to turn over to you several cases and letters containing money received by him per flag of truce for the use of Union prisoners confined in this department.

You will please retain them, awaiting instructions for their future disposal from these headquarters.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

