
I am gratified to notice that the arrangement between Colonel Watts and myself has thus the full consent of Judge Ould and trust that nothing may now remain to prevent hat arrangement being carried into effect at an early day.

In regard to the naval prisoners, however, I am obliged to say that Admiral Farragut has referred the question of the exchange of Admiral Buchanan and the other naval officers (captured by him) superior in rank to those held by you to the Department at Washington and will not deliver them to me for exchange without the direction of the Department.

I trust, however, that this may not prevent or delay the exchange of all the naval officers and men who are under my control, officer for officer and man for man, according to their several ranks and grades. I will exchange all those of whom I have already furnished you an enumeration and should that leave some still in your hands the misfortune will be ours.

I am in daily expectation of receiving from you an appointment of a day for a delivery of prisoners at Red River Landing.

In case you do not bring the naval prisoners for exchange at our next meeting I have to request that you will at that time furnish me with a list of them or a full enumeration by rank and grade.

I inclose a few letters, mostly for citizens within your lines.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. DWIGHT,

Colonel and Agent of Exchange, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.

OFFICE EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Mobile, September 28, 1864.

Colonel C. C. DWIGHT,

Agent of Exchange, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: At the urgent solicitation of the friends and relatives of Admiral Buchanan, C. S. Navy, I have the honor to request that when you will be ready to make your deliveries of our prisoners captured at Fort Gaines and in the C. S. fleet, or sooner if you see fit, you may deliver him in Mobile Bay. If necessary I will go receipt for him.

May I request that if Fort Morgan prisoners or any of them have left New Orleans, letters and packages for them may be forwarded to them without delay.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JAMES R. CURELL,

Major and Assistant Commissioner of Exchange.

Mass meeting of Federal prisoners.

At a mass meeting held September 28, 1864, by the Federal prisoners confined at Savannah, Ga., it was unanimously agreed that the following resolutions be sent to the President of the United States in the hope that he might thereby take such steps as in his wisdom he may think necessary for our speedy exchange or parole:

Resolved, That while we would declare our unbounded love for the Union, for the home of our fathers, and for the graves of those we

