
venerate, we would beg most respectfully that our situation as prisoners be diligently inquired into, and every obstacle consistent with the honor and dignity of the Government at one removed.

Resolved, That while allowing the Confederate authorities all due praise for the attention paid to prisoners, numbers of our men are daily consigned to early graves in the prime of manhood, for from home and kindred; and this is not caused intentionally by the Confederate Government, but by the force circumstances. The prisoners are obliged to go without shelter, and in great portion of cases without medicine.

Resolved, That whereas, 10,000 of our brave comrades have descended to an untimely grave within the last six months, and as we believe their death was caused by the difference of climate, the peculiar kind and insufficiency of food, and lack of proper medical treatment; and whereas, those difficulties still remain, we would declare, as our firm belief, that unless we are speedily exchanged we have no other alternative but to share the lamentable fate of our comrades. Must this thing still go on? Is there no hope?

Resolved, That whereas, the cold and inclement season of the year is fast approaching, we hold to it to be our duty as soldiers and citizens of the United States to inform our Government that the majority of our prisoners are without proper clothing, in some cases being almost naked, and are without blankets to protect us from the scorching sun by day, or the heavy dews by night, and we would most respectfully request the Government to make some arrangement whereby we can be supplied with these, to us necessary articles.

Resolved, That whereas, the term of service of many of our comrades having expired, they having served truly and faithfully for the terms of their several enlistments, would most respectfully ask their Government, are they to be forgotten? Are past services to be ignored? Not having seen their wives and little ones for over three years respectfully, but firmly, request the Government to make some arrangements whereby they can be exchanged or paroled.

Resolved, That whereas, in the fortune of war, it was our lot to become prisoners, we have suffered patiently, and are still willing to suffer if by so doing we can benefit the country, but we would most respectfully beg to say that we are not willing to suffer to further the ends of any party or clique to the detriment of our honor, our families, and our country; and we beg that this affair be explained to us that we may continue to hold the Government in that respect which is necessary to make a good citizen and soldier.

P. BRADLEY,

Chairman of Committee on behalf of Prisoners.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., September 28, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

SIR: A few days ago I had the honor of calling to your notice the fact of the reception of 'stores" at Charleston, from Federal sanitary commissions. You directed me to make inquiry of the commanding general as to the terms on which they were received. I have done so.

In to-day's paper (the Sentinel) I perceive that it is reported that a recent interview "resulted in the complete success of Colonel Laly's negotiations for the future exchange of prisoners and with satisfaction to both parties. "

