
the writ of habeas corpus in certain cases," published in General Orders, Numbers 31, from the office of the Adjutant and Inspector General, March 10, 1864.

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

C. S. MILITARY PRISON, CHIEF SURGEON'S OFFICE,

Andersonville, April 25, 1864.

Brigadier General MARCUS J. WRIGHT, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the total number of patients treated up to date is 2,679, with 718 deaths. The large ration of mortality is due to the debilitated condition in which many of the prisoners were when admitted into the prison, having been confined for along time in other prisons, and to the absence of proper hospital accommodation, the construction of which has been prevented by the difficulty experienced in obtaining lumber, and smallpox was introduced into the prison by prisoners sent from Richmond, Va. Vaccination has been resorted to; the disease has not spread to any great extent, and is now on the decline. The sick are treated in tents, of which there is an inadequate supply. The present location of the hospital is objectionable for the following reasons: The drainage from the sinks of the prison passes through the hospital grounds; the contiguity to the prisoners will disseminate disease amongst them. The hospital being within the stockade hospital bedding and diet and other supplies for the comfort of the sick and wounded are stolen by the prisoners, and the impossibility of keeping them out of the hospital is a source of annoyance to the sick.

I therefore must respectfully suggest that the hospital be placed outside of the stockade, and erected on a site adjacent admirably adapted to the purpose.

Respectfully submitted.

ISAIAH H. WHITE,

Chief Surgeon.

C. S. MILITARY PRISON,

Camp Sumter, Andersonville, Ga., April 25, 1864.

General M. J. WRIGHT, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the great difficulty I have had in procuring an adequate supply of lumber for the construction of necessary hospital, commissary, and other buildings. Since authority to impress lumber has been given me this trouble has been removed and now transportation for this lumber is the only obstacle. I have also had great difficulty in procuring necessary working implements and nails, and am still unsupplied. If I could succeed in getting the necessary lumber, nails, and tools I could put these buildings up very rapidly, as I have no lack of mechanical force.

The troops here are suffering much for the want of tents. I have used every effort in my power to obtain them, but without success.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. WINDER,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

