
As it is of the extremist importance, not only that a uniform rule

should control the delivery and exchange of prisoners, but that this office should be made acquainted at an early date with all exchanges that are made, and the rules that governed them, I respectfully ask that the commanding general at Charleston be directed to communicate to this office without delay what action he has taken or may hereafter take in the premises. It would be very unfortunate if one rule were to prevail at Charleston and another at Richmond. It seems that General Jones, in these exchanges, does not confine himself, as General Hood and General taylor did, to such prisoners as were captured in his department. He is conducting a part of the general exchange. It is also stated that Colonel Lay is making 'special exchanges. " this practice will produce much discontent amongst our prisoners who are already sufficiently nervous. It is also intimated that these exchanges of Colonel Lay are confined or nearly so, to officers. Will not the effect of all these operations be the delivery to the enemy of the few for whom they care, and the defeat of all hope of a general exchange?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., September 28, 1864.

Major General SAMUEL JONES, Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: A few days ago the newspapers stated that a quantity of boxes containing stores for Federal prisoners had been received at Charleston. They purported to be sent sanitary commissions. Such stores have heretofore been prohibited by the Confederate authorities for reasons which were stated in the published correspondence of the agents of exchange.

I am directed by War to request you to notify this office upon what terms said boxes were received.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,Charleston, September 28, 1864.

Captain H. W. FEILDEN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 27th in answer to mine of the 25th, in relation to the property and letters sent in by the enemy on the 24th at Battery Marshall. Being anxious to get the matter disposed of I turned all over to the provost-marshal for examination and delivery on the morning of the 25th, as I informed you I should unless other instructions from the major-general commanding were received. They were not received, and the property was disposed of accordingly. In regard to the flag of truce and the instructions appended to your letter, I beg to refer to the fact that I received oral instructions from the major-general commanding to allow the commanding officer at Battery Marshall to receive the articles which came in the small boat at the time that he made the arrangement with Admiral Dahlgren. I would like to understand

