
whether it is the wish of the major-general commanding to rescind those instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAMP SUMTER, Andersonville, Ga., September 28, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: In obedience to General Orders, Numbers 71, paragraph 6, issued from your office on the 6th of September, 1864, I have the honor to report that I was assigned to duty as quartermaster at this post by order of the Quartermaster-General through Brigadier General J. H. Winder.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. WINDER,

Captain and Post Quartermaster.

[SEPTEMBER 29, 1864. - For Sherman to Halleck, reporting exchange of 2,000 prisoners, see Series I, Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p. 517.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., September 29, 1864.

General J. B. HOOD,

Commanding Confederate Army, Palmetto:

GENERAL: I have your letter of September 27, and have telegraphed to Saint Louis for combs, scissors, &amp;c., and as soon as received I will make up a train for Griffin loaded with articles for our prisoners of war and send it in charge of an officer, to be turned over to one of yours, with invoices complete and blank rolls for issue. I will give you notice prior to starting the train. I will see the prisoners who are in and learn from them more minutely the wants of our men, and make the invoices accordingly, but will not exceed the quantity before stated.

I am, with respect, &c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL, OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., September 29, 1864.

Colonel B. F. TRACY,

Commanding Depot Prisoners of War, Elmira, N. Y.:

COLONEL: By authority of the Secretary of War all the invalid prisoners of war in your charge who will not be fit for service within sixty days will be in a few days sent South for delivery to the rebel authorities, and, as directed in my telegram of yesterday, you will immediately prepare duplicate parole-rolls to accompany them and an ordinary roll for this office. None will be sent who wish to remain and take the oath of allegiance, and none who are too feeble to endure the journey. Have a careful inspection of the prisoners made by medical officers to select those who shall be transferred. Detail to accompany

