
Point. The officer in charge reporting to me that many of the prisoners were exceedingly ill and that five had died on the road I made a personal inspection of the men and found a number unable to bear the journey. I directed that they should be admitted to the West Hospital, and gave Surgeon Chapel instructions (see inclosure) to examine those on board the boat. As soon as a report from Surgeon Campbell, who continued the inspection, is received I will forward it, with a full report of the case to you. The physical condition of many of these men was distressing in the extreme, and they should never have been permitted to leave Elmira.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. SIMPSON,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Medical Director.

[Sub-inclosure.]

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,

Baltimore, Md., October 13, 1864.

Surg. A. CHAPEL, U. S. Volunteers,

In Charge West's Buildings Hospital:

SIR: You will receive such sick and wounded rebels into the hospital under your charge as may be sent you by Surg. C. F. H. Campbell, U. S. Volunteers, from those now in transit through this city from Elmira, N. Y., and receipt for them on the customary rolls to Major E. A. Roberts, in charge of the squad. As it is possible that some cases might have been overlooked you will visit the steamer on which the prisoners are embarking for exchange, and admit to the hospital under your charge such as humanity requires should be taken care of. You will report to this office in the morning the number thus received.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. SIMPSON,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Medical Director.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

WEST'S BUILDINGS HOSPITAL,

Baltimore, Md., October 14, 1864.

Surg. J. SIMPSON, U. S. Army, Medical Director:

DOCTOR: I have the honor to report that I vent on board the steamer loaded with prisoners of war last evening, I n accordance with your order, and examined the worst cases. I found at least forty cases that should not have been sent on such a journey, most of whom were in a very feeble and emaciated condition, but as my hospital had been more than filled by those sent by Surgeon Campbell, and they were all very anxious to continue the journey with their comrades, I thought it better not remove them. I found no medical officer, hospital steward, or nurse on board the boat with the worst cases. Some one, in my opinion, is greatly censurable for sending such cases away from camp even for exchange.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. CHAPEL,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, in Charge.

