
[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,

Baltimore, Md., October 14, 1864.

Surg. J. SIMPSON, U. S. Army, Medical Director:

SIR: In compliance with instructions from this office I yesterday proceeded to inspect the physical condition of the rebel prisoners then in transit through this city from Elmira, N. Y., to City Point, Va., for exchange. The train was composed of over 1,200 men, from which number I selected sixty men as totally unfit to travel and sent to general hospital. These men were debilitated from long sickness to such a degree that it was necessary to carry them in the arms of attendants from the cars to the ambulances, and one man died in the act of being thus transferred. Such men should not have been sent from Elmira. If they were inspected before leaving that place in accordance with orders it was most carelessly done, reflecting severely on the medical officers engaged in that duty and is alike disgraceful to all concerned. The effect produced on the public by such marked displays of inefficiency or neglect of duty cannot fail to be most injurious to our cause both at home and abroad. Five men had died on the train on the road to this city from utter prostration and debility, their appearance after death bearing evidence of this fact. Thus it will be seen six men have died from the number sent, and if the above selection of men had not been made and sent to general hospital many more deaths would have been added to this number ere they reached City Point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. F. H. CAMPBELL,

Surg., U. S. Vols., Asst. Medical Inspector, Eighth Army Corps.

[Indorsement.]

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,

Baltimore, Md., October 14, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the Commissary-General of Prisoners, through the Surgeon-General.

From personal inspection I know the facts as stated by Surgeon Campbell to be correct. The condition of these men was pitiable in the extreme and evinces criminal neglect and inhumanity on the part of the medical officers in making the selection of men to be transferred. A roll of the prisoners admitted to the West Hospital is inclosed. *

J. SIMPSON,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Medical Director.

CHARLESTON, September 29, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

I have sent an officer to Columbia to endeavor to procure a place of confinement for Federal officers, prisoners, and will send all prisoners from here as soon as possible; the enlisted men all to Florence. the prevalence of yellow fever as an epidemic makes this necessary precaution. I recommend that a few acclimated troops be sent here for duty in the city. The Twenty-seventh South Carolina regiment or some New Orleans troops would be desirable.

SAM. JONES.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

