
belong to the Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana. I have now no prisoners here to be exchanged, and I request that an equivalent may be sent here from some northern prison to enable me to effect a special exchange. At present our prisoners are in good health, but they are sadly in need of clothing, and as cold weather comes on their sufferings will be great and probably much sickness will ensue.

There are no colored soldiers at Cahaba, but a major of colored artillery is there and very badly treated, but it is proposed to exchange him with the rest. As a question of humanity I am anxious to make the exchange, and I cannot see that we should lose anything in any point of view, as the soldiers are now in condition to be fit for duty at once.

There are thirty or forty citizen prisoners at Cahaba, most of whom were employees of the Government, whom I have arranged to exchange for by giving citizen prisoners here.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., October 8, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War for instructions.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, October 10, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the commissioner for the exchange of prisoners for remark.

By order of the Secretary of War:

LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

OCTOBER 12, 1864.

It is understood to be the orders of Lieutenant-General Grant that these special exchanges are not to be made. General Canby has been so instructed. It would be necessary, therefore, to refer this application to lieutenant-general Grant, unless expressly ordered by the Secretary of War.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Fourth indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, October 13, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Halleck, chief of staff.

By order of the Secretary of War:

LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Fifth indorsement.]

OCTOBER 15, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Lieutenant-General Grant for his decision.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-general and Chief of Staff.

