
were willing to disavow sympathy with the rebellion or who were not the implacable enemies of the Government, whom it was dangerous to release.

Your commissioners desire to express their thanks for the attention shown them by Brigadier General A. Shoepf, at Fort Delaware, and by Colonel Peter A. Porter, Eighth New York artillery, commanding at Fort McHenry, during their visits, and to state there was on the part of all prisoners confined in their respective commands a universal expression of satisfaction in regard to their treatment.

The commission sat thirty-three days and during that time had the service of one clerk. It was under no express for office rent, Captain Max. Woodhull, of the Middle Department, having volunteered the use of his desk and office.

Very respectfully,

H. L. BOND,

JOHN C. KINF,

Commissioners.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., September 30, 1864.

Major General SAM. JONES, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I submit to your consideration the inclosed letter addressed to me by our commissioner of exchange, Mr. Ould, relative to the exchanges negotiated or proposed to be arranged by you at Charleston. * The considerations presented by Mr. Ould deserve serious attention, and while I by no means object to or intend to interfere with the conditions you may have already made, I think it would be wise hereafter (unless otherwise ordered) to confine your negotiations to the officers and men who have been captured in your department. The policy of special exchanges has throughout all our negotiations been shown in many ways, but especially in lessening the pressure on the enemy for a general exchange, and in producing dissatisfaction among our own prisoners at supposed partiality in the selections. I cannot, too, consider it expedient to make exchanges of officers alone without men, as I fear, if the enemy could only relieve their officers and thus stop the clamor of the influential classes among whom such officers have friends or relatives, they would be almost supremely indifferent to the fate of the great mass of their privates. We must preserve every possible influence to combat with them the remorseless and inhuman policy, to which their appreciation of the superior prowess and value of our troops inclines them, that would preclude their yielding to any general exchange, and the thought we have is the retention of their officer unless the men also be exchanged. In case of an exchange having been effected there is one officer, Colonel John A. Baker, of North Carolina cavalry, among our prisoners on Morris Island, against whom very serious charges have been preferred. I do no wish any furlough or indulgence granted him, but he should be at once ordered or sent here, ad any intimation to him might probably cause him to remain with the enemy.

Very truly yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See September 28, p. 889.

---------------

