
FRONT OF CHARLESTON, September 30, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Please order General Winder not to send any more prisoners here or to Savannah. We have now more than we can guard, and others are arriving at Savannah. He has not withdrawn any from here to Millen, as you informed me he would. Please order him to move those now at Savannah to Millen. The yellow fever compels [me] to move all prisoners from here.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 30, 1864.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding First Military District, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding has decided on sending off the Federal prisoners now on the race course to Florence. I inclose you Colonel Harrison's telegram on the subject for your information.

The major-general desires that you send off a portion of the prisoners with a due proportion of the guard, so as to accord with Colonel Harrison's telegram.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., September 30, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE P. HARRISON, Commanding at Florence:

COLONEL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that Major Motte A. Pringle, quartermaster, has been ordered to send to you 100 packages, as per invoice inclosed, containing articles for sick privates of the Federal Army, prisoners of war, for judicious distribution to their sole use by you or under your directions. The major-general commanding has given his assurance that this should be done, and relies with full confidence upon you to have his wishes and pledges properly carried out.

Brigadier-General Ripley has been ordered to send the remaining prisoners in accordance with your telegram. Brigadier-General Chestnut telegraphs that 500 reserves from Hamburg will reach you to-morrow. The major-general commanding has it not in his power to send further aid, but you have been authorized by telegram to retain the section of guns and detachment with it until further orders.

On Monday, by flag or truce, will be received some 5. 000 suits of clothes and other articles from the Federal authorities for these prisoners. They will be promptly forwarded to you for distribution. It is hoped the articles sent and those to arrive may aid in keeping more quiet among the prisoners.

With reference to those foreigners among them willing to take the oath and either enlist or take employment, the major-general commanding states that in you discretion you may place them in a separate comp until special instructions can be given with reference to them.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[J. F. LAY,]

Assistant Adjutant and Inspection General.

