
letter to me over to her. She then hastened back to Sandusky, fearful that she might arrived there too late. She admitted that she knew that Cole was engaged in the conspiracy referred to, but says she did not know much about what he was doing, although she knew a good deal more than she wished she did. Having provided so that she could not leave Sandusky in any other direction, I permitted her to have a brief interview with Cole in my presence on the island, and on her return to Sandusky sent her to a room in the county jail to be detained separately until further orders. I deemed her a very important witness, sustained by the letter from Thompson, against him and Clay and other rebel conspirators in Canada, and, if necessary, an important witness against Cole.

It came out form both Cole and Robinson that Norris and other of the rebels had been to Sandusky on different occasions.

I omitted in the proper connection to allude to Exhibit Numbers 6. Cole admits that the signature to that paper is fictitious; * that the one share was one man to assist in the enterprise. He said the writer was William Mundy, a lawyer, and the place named, Yates' liquor store. He pretended there had been no other correspondence between him and this supposed Mundy. I have no doubt he lied in that as I presume he did about the real name of the writer of the letter. the handwriting would be easily identified, and I doubt not with a little judicious squeezing the occupants of the place named could be induced to disclose who the writer was. "H. Charles," Cole admitted, was the name which he was to take in corresponding with this writer.

This statement has been prepared during a very heavy pressure of other duties, and while for the last six days I have been really unfit for any such work on account of illness. The originals, of which the exhibits herewith sent are copies, are in the hands of the U. S. circuit court, at Cleveland, where Cole, Ro Cole have been sent as witnesses.

I have about $700 of Cole's money which I hold subject to the orders of the Government. He has a horse in Sandusky, claimed to be worth about $200, which I shall seize and hold subject to orders.

In detaining "Mrs. Cole," and in pursuing those measures necessary to render her and Cole more communicative, it has been necessary to incur some small expenses, a little outside of the usual prison fare. This was believed to be necessary in order to make a proper case against Thompson, Clay, and others under the Ashburton treaty. That object accomplished, any proper case could go on against Cole and the other prisoners here. A portion of these expenses I have paid out of Cole's money, and have promised to pay the others.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,October 1, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: With a view of alleviating the sufferings of our soldiers, I have the honor to propose an exchange of the prisoners of war belong-

---------------

* The paper is signed A. Sinclair.

---------------

