
ing to the armies operating in Virginia, man for man, or upon the basis established by the cartel.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 1, 1864.

Colonel W. P. RICHARDSON,

Commanding Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio:

COLONEL: By direction of the Secretary of War all the invalid enlisted men, prisoners of war at Camp Chase, who will not be able to perform service in the field within sixty days, who desire to be exchanged and who are not too feeble to endure the fatigues of the journey, will be sent South at an early day, which will be announced to you, and in the meantime you will please make necessary preparations.

Have a careful examination of the prisoners made by the surgeon in charge to select those who shall be sent. Detail a medical officer to accompany them - or two, if necessary - with as many nurses and attendants, taken from the well prisoners, if they cannot be found among the convalescents, as may be required, and have them organized into companies of convenient size, so that all may receive proper attention. Send a field officer, with a suitable guard, in charge of the party, and give written instructions as to the service to be performed.

The guard and prisoners will be furnished with two or three days' cooked rations, as may be necessary. Please refer to paragraphs 2 and 14 of the circular of regulations of 20th of April, form this office, and let them be carefully observed. One of the parole-rolls, with the receipt of the rebel officer to whom the prisoners are delivered, will be retained by the officer in charge, to accompany his report.

The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation by railroad to Cairo, where steam-boat will be provided to take them to their destination. See that suitable cars are furnished, well provided with lights and water, and that the prisoners are not too crowded. The officer in charge will not give a certificate for the transportation unless the contract is fully complied with. You will be notified of their destination when the day of departure is fixed.

Army (U. S.) blankets or other public property sent with the prisoners will be taken from them at the place of delivery and brought back to you by the officer in command of the guard.

Report by telegram when the rolls are prepared an how many prisoners will go.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

(Same to commanding officers Camp Douglas, Camp Morton, Rock Island Barracks, and Alton prison.)
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., October 1, 1864.

Colonel HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that by authority of Major General W. T. Sherman, and in pursuance of an agreement made between him

