
and General Hood, commanding C. S. Army, I exchanged at Rough and Ready, Ga., on the 19th, 22d, 28th, and 30th day of September, 1864, prisoners as follows:

Confederate prisoners delivered - 128 commissioned officers, 225 non-commissioned, 979 privates; in all, equivalent by the cartel of 1862 to 2,045 privates.

I received Union prisoners - 146 commissioned officers, 212 non-commissioned, 770 privates; in all, equivalent to 2,047 privates.

A full report, with rolls, with be made by Colonel J. G. Parkhurst, provost marshal-general of the Army of the Cumberland, in whose custody the Confederate prisoners were and to whom the Union prisoners were delivered.

The prisoners were, with small exceptions, the last captured by the armies commanded by Generals Sherman and Hood.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WILLARD WARNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventy-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry,

Assistant Inspector-General, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.

YOUNGSTOWN, OHIO, October 1, 1864.

Colonel BARNES, Assistant Surgeon-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that while a prisoner of war during the latter part of August and early part of September, 1864, I had charge of our sick and wounded officers at Macon, Ga., and on the route to Charleston, S. C. Those officers earnestly and respectfully made me promise I would write you a short and truthful statement of their condition, indulging the hope you could have sick and disabled rebel officers sent to Charleston and exchanged for them. The names of a few of those officers are Captains Willetts, Riggs, and Lieutenants White, Birdick, Taylor, Hull. I think forty would include all that it seems absolutely necessary should be removed in order to save life, although several of the above number will never recover in any location, they have suffered to long with chronic and scorbutic diarrhea, scurvy, ulceration of the bowels, and kindred afflictions, resulting from insufficient and bad food, confinement, and want of clothing. The wretched condition of those helpless officers beggars description. Most of them have been confined to their beds from four to twelve months, their bowels moving from one to three times each hour; crowded apartments; coarse, and frequently sour, meal and little bacon being all that is issued to them for food. But few of our officers are assigned as nurses, and their labors are exceedingly disagreeable and incessant. While I had charge of our officers it was absolutely impossible for me to get any article of medicine save two small bottles of a mixture of willow, oak, and dogwood barks, and a little sulfuric acid, into which I put a few rusty nails, and administered this soluble salt of iron while it lasted. These men have been prisoners more than a year, have no money, scarcely any articles of clothing, &c., and too feeble to sit erect while using the bedpan. Many of the above are greatly emaciated, very pale, and have oedema of the lower extremities.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McCURDY,

Asst. Surg, Asst. Medical Director, 14th Army Corps.

