
C. S. MILITARY PRISON,

Andersonville, Ga., April 26, 1864.

Surg. General S. P. MOORE, C. S. Army:

SIR: Your communication of the 15th instant, acknowledging receipt of sanitary report and asking if the attention of the commanding officer had been called to the police of the camp, is at hand.

In reply, I have the honor to state that the evil has been remedied, and the condition of the camp at the time of the report was no fault of the commanding officer, but was due to the great difficulty experienced in obtaining shovels and other things requisite. Your honor should be informed that the prison is located in a section barren of resources, and great difficulty is experienced in obtaining the necessary appliances for its proper organization, and a large number of prisoners arrived before its completion.

I take pleasure in stating that the commanding officer and the chief of each staff department are using every effort to effect a thorough organization.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISAIAH H. WHITE,

Chief Surgeon.

HOUSTON, April 26, 1864.

Captain W. G. WEBB, Commanding, &amp;c.:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that he has this day approved and ordered the issue of the iron rods called for in requisition of Captain Good for the purpose of securing the upper story of the jail, thereby increasing the comfort and latitude of the political prisoners in your charge. He desires me again to assure you that he wishes them to be as comfortable as the means at your disposal will admit, and trusts that with the extension of the fence (of which you speak) and the permission you have given a limited number to exercise in the open air within the inclosure may prove beneficial to their health. It is scarcely necessary to inform you that under ordinary circumstances some privileges not now enjoyed by them might and would be extended to them, but the sheriff of the county has already complained of their being allowed trunks with metal bands, knives, &c., with which they could make saws, &c., by which an opening could be made, not only for their escape, but for the county prisoners who might be confined there. In order that they might not be fully deprived of these comforts he substituted a daily inspection of quarters, &c.

L. G. ALDRICH,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 27, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commissioner for Exchange, Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I have several times given instructions to commanders of prison camps that rebel prisoners of war when delivered on parole shall not be permitted to take with them any more clothing issued to them by the Government than it is absolutely necessary; but these instructions are rarely if at all attended to, and I beg leave, therefore,

