
ber 2, 1864: Conduct, good; cleanliness, proper attention given to; clothing, comfortable; bedding, consists of bunks and blankets; state of quarters, clean and comfortable; state of kitchen, in an excellent condition; food, quality of, very good; food, quantity of, they receive their full allowance; sinks, kept clean by tide and force pumps; policing of grounds, well conducted; drainage, very good, having recently been much improved; vigilance of guard, faithfully performs its duty; security of quarters, very good; no prisoner has escaped this week; policing hospital, admirably conducted; attendance of sick (nurses), every possible attention s paid to the sick; cleanliness of hospital, could not be better; hospital diet, very good and sufficient; general health of prisoners, about 3 1/2 per cent. sick, 12 deaths during the week.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. AHL,

Captain, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Inspecting Officer.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 2, 1864.

Colonel W. P. RICHARDSON,

Commanding Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio:

COLONEL: If there are any invalid rebel officers at Camp Chase who will not be able to perform field service within sixty days, who wish to be exchanged and who are able to bear the removal, you will send them with the prisoners ordered for transfer South in my letter of yesterday.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 2, 1864.

Colonel C. W. HILL,

Commanding Johnson's Island, Sandusky, Ohio:

COLONEL: By direction of the Secretary of War the invalid rebel officers at Johnson's Island who will not be able to perform service in the field within sixty days, who desire to be exchanged and who are not too feeble to endure the removal, will be immediately sent to Point Lookout. Have a careful examination made of all the officers by the surgeon to select such as will be transferred. It will possibly be necessary to send a medical officer and two or three attendants with them. The latter may be selected from the enlisted prisoners. General officers will not be sent without first reporting the case by telegram to this office.

Select a discreet officer, with a suitable guard, to take charge of them, and give written instructions as to the performance of the service. Please refer to paragraphs 2 and 14 of the circular of 20th of April, and let them be closely adhered to. The parole-rolls, ordered by my telegram of the 29th ultimo, will be delivered with the prisoners at Point Lookout.

The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation, and you will see that suitable cars with lights and water are provided. A receipt will not be given for the transportation if the contract is not fully carried out. You may send them by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad or the Pennsylvania Central, as may seem to be

