
stripped of gravel for the prison and post. The sanitary condition of the prisoners is as follows: Whole number of prisoners, 2,661; number in hospital, 52; number of deaths since last report, 2.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. SCOVILL,

Lieutenant Colonel 128th Ohio Vol. Infty. and Superintendent of Prison.

CAMP DOUGLAS, Chicago, Ill., October 2, 1864.

Captain E. R. P. SHURLY, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 317, dated headquarters post, Chicago, Ill., August 22, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report: The prisoners' camp is in clean condition; the barracks are in process of repair, which produces some litter that is unavoidable; the roofs and floors of many of the barracks are in bad condition, but will doubtless soon be in good order, as workmen are daily employed in repairing them. The cold winds and rains of the autumn render it necessary to have the windows replaced as soon as possible. Stoves wold be very convenient and will soon be necessary. In regard to personal cleanliness, the majority of the prisoners use every effort to keep themselves neat; of course there are a few among so many who will not be tidy. Nearly all of the prisoners are comfortably supplied with clothing and blankets. The kitchens are scrupulously clean and the messes are prepared as well as could be expected with the cooking utensils allowed them. The drainage of the camp is good. The hospitals are in fair condition.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. BRIGGS,

First Lieutenant, Eighth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps,

and Special Inspector Camp Douglas.

ANDERSON, [TEX.,] October 2, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE H. SWEET, Tyler, Tex.:

Colonel Alston reports great suffering amongst sick Federal prisoners for want of proper care and medical attention. Let me know how this is, and do everything in your power to make them comfortable.

J. G. WALKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

ANDERSON, [TEX.,] October 2, 1864.

Surg. D. W. YANDELL, Medical Director, Shreveport, La.:

Great suffering amongst the Federal prisoners at Tyler. Cannot supplies be sent from Marshall or Shreveport with a surgeon to establish a general hospital? I have no medical officer to spare.

J. G. WALKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

58 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII

