HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, October 3, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Dispatch relative to the negro troops received. * I told you they would do well in my department. My colored troops, under General Paine, 2,500 strong, carried entrenchments at the point of the bayonet that in a former movement across the river stopped double their numbers. It was most gallantly done with most severe loss. Their praises are in the mounts of every officer in this army. Treated fairly and disciplined, they have fought most heroically. I have received a letter from Captain Smith, of the Navy, proposing to Mr. Ould an exchange of naval prisoners independently of our commissioner. There have been many negroes captured form the navy who are thus abandoned to their fate. Is it not possible for the Government to have a policy? If Sherman exchanges at Atlanta, if Foster at Charleston, if Canby at New Orleans, and Rosecrans in Missouri, then I do not see why we should not exchange here. Our soldiers will not be so well pleased to hear that soldiers can and soldiers cannot be exchanged.

B. F. BUTLER,Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 3, 1864.

General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Fort Delaware, Del.:

GENERAL: By the direction of the Secretary of War you will transfer to Point Lookout the invalid rebel officers at Fort Delaware who will not be in a condition to take the field within sixty days, who are not too feeble to be removed and who desire to be exchanged. Send duplicate parole-rolls with them and an ordinary roll to this office. Place them in charge of a suitable guard, and, if necessary, send two or three attendants with them from the enlisted prisoners. General officers will not be sent without a reference to this office.

The quartermasters's department will furnish the necessary transportation, via Baltimore or by water, as you may deem most advisable.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., October 3, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

COLONEL: I received your note of the 20th ultimo, and will forward with pleasure the parcel to Captain J. W. Wilshire by flag of truce. I see by the papers that you are to send here for exchange 10,000 invalid prisoners. I am glad of it, as it will be productive of much good.

Very truly, yours,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. MILITARY PRISON,Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind., October 3, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose herewith proceedings of a commission assembled to investigate and report in the case of shooting

---------------

* See Series I, Vol. XLII, Part III, p. 65.

---------------

