
of Henry Jones and R. J. Phillips, prisoners of war, at this camp, on the evening of September 27, 1864. From what I have been able to learn since this occurrence, there was an extensive and deep-laid plot on the part of the prisoners to escape, and the night of the 27th was chosen, owing to its extreme darkeners, it being impossible to distinguish an object but a few feet distant. The plan on the part of the prisoners seems to have been to commence throwing stones at the sentry on the walk, draw the fire, and then rush on the fence and escape. The ladders used were made from tent poles and the short ladders nailed to their bunks in barracks tied together. The portion of the line selected to make the attempt was that guarded by troops of the Forty-third Indiana Volunteers and the Sixtieth Massachusetts, who were armed only with the muskets and bayonet, and had these troops been armed with the revolver in addition no prisoners would have been able to have escaped. In this case it will be seen that one prisoners was killed instantly and one mortally wounded, who has since died; three escaped, two of whom were undoubtedly wounded, as could be traced by their blood where they got over the fence inclosing a field outside of the prison and opposite the point where they escaped. Patrols were instantly sent out in all directions, but owing to the rain and extreme darkness the prisoners made good their escape. It may be proper to add that no escapes have been made within the last six months at this prison where the soldiers of the Veteran Reserve Corps were responsible or at fault, but owing to the excessive duties it has been necessary to make details from other troops in the vicinity, and hence the result.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. STEVENS,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

BURNSIDE BARRACKS,

Indianapolis, Ind., September 30, 1864.

A commission was convened to investigate the shooting of Henry Jones and R. J. Phillips, Confederate prisoners of war, in pursuance of the following order:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAMP MORTON, Numbers 43. Indianapolis, Ind., September 30, 1864.

A commission is hereby appointed to investigate the shooting of Henry Jones and R. J. Phillips, Confederate prisoners of war, at Camp Morton military prison on the 27th instant, to convene at 1 this p. m., or as soon thereafter as practicable, and report their proceedings to these headquarters.

Detail for the commission: Lieutenant Colonel C. H. Frederick, Fifth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps; Captain James H. Rice, Company C, Fifth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps; First Lieutenant Fred I. Massey, Company K, Fifth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, recorder.

By order of A. A. Stevens, Fifth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, commanding post:

GEO WAGNER,First Lieutenant and Adjutant.

First Lieutenant J. W. Davidson, inspector military prison, Camp Morton Indianapolis, Ind., being duly sworn, says:

I was in Camp Morton the evening of September 27, on the east side of the ditch within 100 yards of the fence; heard stones strike the fence; heard firing and saw rebels running from the fence toward the barracks. Saw rebel prisoner named Phillips, who had been shot by the guard in attempting to escape, lying within fifteen feet of the fence. I found four ladders, made by the prisoners, standing against the fence and five more lying near. I heard eight shots fired before I got up to the fence.

