
staying in the tents. The barracks now in use by prisoners should be raised from the ground to prevent them from tunneling out of camp, which they are constantly trying to do as the barracks now stand, and the escape of some of the prisoners will yet be the result of their constant efforts, and the only way to prevent it is to raise the buildings high enough from the ground to be inspected and policed underneath each day. The rations issued were in compliance to orders, and potatoes were issued every day during the week at the rate of eight ounces to the man each day. Very Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

First Lieutenant, Veteran Reserve Corps, and Inspector.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL OF PRISONERS,

ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,

Rock Island, Ill., October 3, 1864.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON,

Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the condition of the prison and prison hospital for the week ending to-day as follows. The buildings, exterior and interior, present a clean and comfortable appearance. The kitchens, by the continued and frequent inspections, are in excellent order. The avenues are free from all filth and dirt, consequently in good condition. The clothing and persons and persons of the prisoners are clean and comfortable. No change of importance since last report.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CARAHER,

Lieutenant Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps,

Provost-Marshal of Prisoners.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS,Rock Island, Ill., October 7, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel William Hoffman, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

The extreme wet weather of he past few days has prevented my inspection of the prison being as thorough as could be wished, but I fully concur with the within report.

A. J. JOHNSON,

Colonel, Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 3, 1864.

Colonel B. F. TRACY,

Commanding Depot Prisoners of War, Elmira, N. Y.:

COLONEL: By authority of the Secretary of War you will order the erection of shed barracks for the prisoners of war at the Elmira depot. The lumber will be purchased with the prison fund, and as far as practicable the work will be done by the prisoners, selecting in preference, when they have the capacity, those who have desired to take the oath of allegiance. You will require your quartermaster to make the purchases, direct the work, and pay the workmen, as if it were done under the direction of his department, but rendering the accounts as for other

