
to call your attention to this matter with the request that you will direct all surplus clothing in their possession of the character above described to be taken from them on the flag-of-truce boat and returned to Point Lookout for reissue to other prisoners. They should not be permitted to take with them either caps, blankets, shoes, or greatcoats, and I think it would be advisable to take even their coats from them.

Through the very liberal privilege granted them to purchase clothing many of them will be returned to the enemy in a better condition for service than they were when captured.

The rolls of the paroled prisoners recently arrived at Baltimore furnished to this office are without the signature of Major Mulfort or other officer, and without remarks to explain the absence of men not delivered. I have, therefore, respectfully to request that you will direct Major Mulford to furnish me a list of all prisoners received by him and not delivered at Baltimore, giving the date of death or cause of absence.

I would also request that hereafter all rolls of paroled prisoners may be authenticated by the signature of an officer, and that all whose names are on the rolls may be properly accounted for.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 27, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Fort Delaware, Del.:

The Essex has been unavoidably called to Fort Monroe, and the movement will be delayed for the present.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 98. Richmond, April 27, 1864.

* * * * *

XV. Major General Howell Cobb will, after informing himself on the subject, furnish without delay to the commandant of prisons at Americus, Ga., such guards from the local reserves under his command as he may deem necessary for the perfect security of the prisoners at that point, to relieve the regular troops now engaged in that duty.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., April 28, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SCHOEPF, Commanding Fort Delaware, Del.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 26th instant.

There are nearly as many officers at Johnson's Island as can be conveniently accommodated there, and it will probably be necessary

