
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, October 3, 1864.

M. M. BROADWELL, Esq., 103 Pearl Street, New York:

SIR: Your communication of the 12th ultimo, addressed to the Commissary-General of Prisoners, and by him submitted to the Department, having been referred to Lieutenant-General Grant, has been returned by that officer with the following remarks:

I have no objection to passing Mr. Broadwell on the mission herein named. On the contrary, would highly favor any measure calculated to relieve the condition of prisoners in the hands of the rebels.

Inclosed herewith you will find a pass to enable you a proceed to City Point, Va.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 267. Washington, October 4, 1864.

The following-named officers and enlisted men have been duly exchanged as prisoners of war, near Baton Rouge, La., on the 22nd of August, 1864. *

The officers and enlisted men whose exchange is announced above will proceed to join their respective regiments at the expiration of the leaves of absence which may have been given.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[OCTOBER 4, 1864. - For Foster to Halleck, reporting condition and treatment of Confederate prisoners in eh stockade on Morris Island, S. C., see Series I, Vol. XXXV, Part I, p. 24.]

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., October 4, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, U. S. Army,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose a report of a medical inspection of the military prison at Memphis, Tenn. I arrived here on the 2nd and will leave for Vicksburg on the first boat.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. M. GETTY,

Surg., U. S. Army, and Actg. Medical Insp. of Prisoners of War.

[Inclosure.]

Report of a medical inspection of the military prison at Memphis, Tenn., commanded by Captain George A. Williams, First U. S. Infantry, and acting provost-marshal, made on the 27th day of September, 1864, by Surg. T. M. Getty, U. S. Army, acting medical inspector of prisoners of war.

Prison, name and geographical position - military prison, Memphis, Tenn. Water, source, supply, quality, effects - river water, abundant,

---------------

* List (here omitted) contains names of 4 officers and 96 enlisted men.

---------------

