
Agreeably to my promise I have ordered the release of all citizens in our hands and I hope and I shall have no cause to regret that step, and I trust that you will take such measures as will prevent in future my receiving letters similar to the one I have the honor to inclose. I also send you a package of letters which you will please mail or send to their proper address.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IG. SZYMANSKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Assistant Agent of Exchange.

OFFICE SURGEON IN CHARGE C. S. MIL. PRISON HOSPITAL,

Camp Sumter, Andersonville, Ga., October 4, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN H. WINDER, Commanding:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that arrangements are being made for comfortable quarters for the sick and wounded of your department. Sheds and other suitable hospital buildings are now being rapidly erected, and (weather permitting) in the course of one month ample accommodations will be made for 2,000 patients at this post. I have the honor also to report that the necessary arrangements are being perfected for the erection of sheds and suitable hospital buildings at Millen, after the plan submitted for your consideration now on file in this office. The per centum of mortality at this post is rapidly decreasing. This is mainly attributable to the fact that the prisoners have been sent to other points and are not in such a crowded condition as they formerly have been. No local causes whatever exist at this post to produce sickness. A recent careful analysis of the soil and water of this place proves conclusively that this is one of the healthiest points in the Confederacy. The great amount of mortality during the months of July, August, and September was caused by the overcrowded condition of the stockade. Thirty-two thousand prisoners crowded into a place with a capacity of only 10,000 or 12,000 will produce like results again, and I most respectfully call your attention to the importance of preventing, as much as possible, the crowding of the prisoners in a small space.

I have the honor, general, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. STEVENSON,

Surgeon in Charge.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., October 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WEST STEEVER:

(Care General Hood, Palmetto, Ga.)

MY DEAR SIR: Your communication of the 21st ultimo has just been received. I have already twice telegraphed you to know when and where the 280 reported. I mean the second list. If they reported at any parole camp before September 10 they are already exchanged.

It is of the gravest importance that entire uniformity should control exchange operations everywhere. To that end it is absolutely necessary that the exchange of all Confederate paroled prisoners who are within our lines should be governed exclusively by this office. Such is the view and instruction of the Secretary of War. Commanders of opposing armies, of course, can make special arrangements for the delivery and exchange of such of their own command as are in the

