
enemy's possession. I therefore take it for granted that any exchange negotiations transacted by you will be confined to such cases; otherwise we may find ourselves in the difficulty of giving two sets of equivalents for one set of Yankees. Even such arrangements as are made by commanders of opposing armies should be uniform. It would be unfortunate if General Lee were to have one rule of action in such cases and General Hood another. I therefore beg leave to suggest, if time will allow, that this office be informed beforehand what measures are contemplated, and if the time does not allow that it be informed what has been done.

I shall be very glad to have your intelligent assistance and c-operation in the matter of exchanges. It will always give me pleasure to further your views.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, October 5, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I inclose you a copy of a correspondence in regard to a contemplated exchange of naval prisoners through your lines, and not very distant from your headquarters. * It only came to the knowledge of the War Department and of myself yesterday and it gives us some uneasiness. I therefore send it to you with the statement that as the numbers to be exchanged under it are small, and so much has already been do ne to effect the exchange, I hope you may find it consistent to let it go forward under the general supervision of General Butler, and particularly in reference to the points he holds vital in exchanges. Still, you are at liberty to arrest the whole operation if, in your judgment, the public good requires it.

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.

WASHINGTON, October 5, 1864 - 8. 10 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

By direction of the President a correspondence between the Secretary of the Navy and Mr. Mallory in relation to the exchange of naval prisoners of war has been referred to you with authority, in your discretion, to arrest or consummate the exchange under the supervision of General Butler and in accordance with the principles maintained by him in his correspondence with Mr. Ould. The correspondence with a letter of instructions to you from the President will be forwarded by special messenger.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, October 5, 1864 - 3. 40 p. m.

(Received 7 p. m.)

Major-General BUTLER:

Your telegram of yesterday was my first information of the contemplated exchange of naval prisoners. On inquiry it appears that there

---------------

* See Mallory to Welles, August 20, and Welles' reply, September 9, pp. 661, 790.

---------------

