
has been direct communication by the Secretary of the Navy with Mr. Mallory and an arrangement for exchange between them. This was unknown to the President and myself until to-day. He has directed the exchange to be adverted, and directed the correspondence to be forwarded to General Grant with authority to stop the proceeding, or let it go on under your supervision and in accordance with the principles hitherto maintained in your correspondence with Mr. Ould, according as General Grant may think proper. The papers go by mail.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, October 5, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER, Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War is not pleased that you should, without authority, send paroled officers to New york to negotiate personal exchanges through the War Department. Hereafter when prisoners of war come into your lines under parole for special exchange their cases will be reported for the action of the War Department; but until notified of that action you will not allow them to leave your department, except to return on the expiration of their paroles. There are important reasons why this rule should be strictly observed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., October 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General DIVEN, Elmira, N. Y.:

Fifteen hundred rebel prisoners are to be transported from Elmira South, and it is impossible to provide passenger cars. The Secretary of War directs that you cause them to be placed upon such cars as the company is able to furnish, taking sufficient precautions for their security.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

OFFICE ASSISTANT AGENT OF EXCHANGE,

Shreveport, La., October 6, 1864.

Brigadier General M. K. LAWLER,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Morganza, La.:

GENERAL: I had the honor of requesting Colonel C. C. Dwight, U. S. commissioner for exchange, Military Division of West Mississippi, to meet me at Red River Landing, La., on the 12th or 13th instant for the purpose of consummating the exchange of those prisoners for which we had previously negotiated, but the unusually sudden fall of the water in the river since then will unavoidably delay the transportation of the U. S. prisoners to our place of rendezvous, and I request of your courtesy to telegraph to Colonel Dwight, recommending him not to move until you shall hear again from me. I have the honor also to inform you that ex-Captain Moffit, whose release you desire, will accompany me.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IG. SZYMANSKI,

Asst. Adjt. General and Asst. Agent of Exchange, Trans-Mississippi Dept.

