
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., October 13, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Colonel C. C. Dwight, U. S. agent of exchange, for his information.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., October 6, 1864.

Major JOHN MULFORD, Assistant Agent of Exchange:

SIR: As it appears to be more than probable that a large number of prisoners will be held in captivity by both belligerents during the coming winter, the cause of humanity, to which, though foes, we all owe a common allegiance, demands that some measures should be adopted for the relief of such as are held by either party. to that end I propose that each Government shall have the privilege of forwarding, for the use and comfort of such of its prisoners as are held by the other, necessary articles of food and clothing. The manner of this distribution, with all proper safeguards, can be agreed upon in the future. A fair reciprocity is only asked.

The articles that can be mutually sent can also be made the subject of agreement. I propose that each may send necessary clothing and blankets, and rations of meat, bread, coffee, sugar, tobacco, pickles, and vinegar. I would suggest that the receipt of the stores and their distribution among the prisoners for whom they are intended might be authenticated by the certificate of the senior officer at the respective camps or depots. In order to carry out this arrangement with effectiveness it would be necessary that we should make purchases outside the limits of the Confederate States and then ship them to one of your ports. It would be impracticable to send the stores by your flag-of-truce boats.

Of course the supplies referred to in this communication are to be considered as being in addition to such rations as are furnished by the Government which has the prisoners in custody. Neither belligerent is to be discharged from the obligation of feeding and clothing the prisoners in its charge.

This is a matter of such grave importance that I sincerely trust an early and favorable response will be made.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

RICHMOND, VA., October 6, 1864.

Memoranda sent to Major John E. Mulford.

Major Douglas, Captain Elliott, Captain Davis, and eleven others, privates, all belonging to the regular Confederate service, are in prison and in close confinement at Nashville. Why it this?

Lieutenant Mosely, Lieutenant Bridges, and Captain Gurley, at Nashville, are said to be condemned to death. Will you explain about this? Also it is represented that ten other citizens and soldiers are in the Nashville penitentiary, and it is represented to me by very reliable authority that 100 of Colonel Adam R. Johnson's men and twenty-five or

