
thirty of General Morgan's men, embracing three or four officers, are at Louisville and not held or treated as prisoners of war. How is this? All these men are regularly enlisted soldiers.

Captain Glover, of Hill's scouts and three privates are held in close confinement at Chattanooga. All these are regularly in our service. Why is it?

Serg. John C. Nicholl, Second Kentucky, was hung at Johnson's Island, September 2, 1864. For what?

Captain James M. Sublett, Forty-sixth Mississippi, was captured and paroled at Vichsburg. He obtained permission from the Federal authorities in Tennessee to visit his family at Murfreesborough on parole. He was taken (though on parole) from Murfreesborough to Johnson's Island, where he has been for nearly a year. This officer, being on parole, should be released.

Can you not send me Captain William S. Waller and Shultz Leach, both confined at Johnson's Island? Waller was to have been sent for Captain Ives. Leach, I believe, is a private.

Jacob S. Dyer, a soldier in the Confederate service, has been sentenced to five years' hard labor at Alton, Ill. He is now undergoing sentence. The charges against him were based upon the supposition that he was not a soldier. This is a mistake. Will you not release him and thus avoid putting upon us the necessity of retaliation?

I will be very much obliged to you if you will bring next time Major McCann, Captain Robt. H. Davis, Lieutenant John D. Van Benthuysen, and Lieutenant Charles Norvell, all at Johnson's Island. These officers have all been there a very long time and I am very anxious for their release.

Why don't you send Major McKnight (Asa Hartz), who is at Johnson's Island? Also Colonels Penn and Miles.

I will be very much obliged to you if you will bring next time Captain Ben. D. Terry, Kentucky cavalry, who is now at Johnson's Island. He has lost almost the entire use of his left arm and his health is very delicate.

I especially request that you will send next time Lieutenant John Wray, Third Virginia Cavalry. He is now at Johnson's Island. A compliance with this request will be a great comfort to a friend whom I am anxious to oblige.

[RO. OULD.]
HEADQUARTERS, Near Varina, October 7, 1864 - 7. 30 a. m.

Colonel HOFFMAN:

Dispatches relating to Lieutenant-Colonel Herbert, Captains Macbeth, Norris, and Harvie, received and the proposition will be sent to Mr. Ould.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,Major-General and Commissioner for Exchange.

U. S. MILITARY PRISON,

Camp Morton, Indianapolis, October 7, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your letter of the 3rd instant, in which you refer to my weekly reports as not covering the case, &amp;c. In regard to the clothing mentioned in your letter to be

