
had been placed. I am still ready to carry out the arrangement proposed and earnestly hope I may be met by a corresponding movement on your part.

Since the matter has been the subject of inquiry and correspondence I have discovered that many more Confederate soldiers are now under the ban of your military authorities than I had supposed. Some of these I have communicated to you. Will you please inform me whether it is understood between us that the arrangement referred to is to be carried out? I should like to know at an early date, in order that we may take intelligently such steps as are necessary in the premises. If I receive no response within due time I shall reluctantly take it for granted that you have retracted you assent to my proposition. If the Confederate authorities are forced into retaliation we shall only resort to it in cases which are authenticated by your general and special orders, or by the statements of trustworthy persons who are fully acquainted with the facts which they relate.

I learn that a large number of boxes of tobacco which have been sent North are kept from the prisoners to whom they are directed because of their inability to pay charges upon the same. As we transport free of charge to the parties such packages as you send to the prisoners, no matter how great the distance, I will be glad if you will in some way take such steps as will secure without delay the delivery of these boxes to our prisoners.

Acting Master's Mate C. P. Jervey, C. S. Navy, is now and has been for a long time at Fort Lafayette. He is a naval prisoner. Please send him next time.

In what condition is Captain Gustave A. Huwald, held in Knoxville? Is he in irons?

I will thank you to bring by next boat Lieutenant Charles B. Trevilian, Fourth Virginia Cavalry. He is at Johnson's Island.

Captain Reynolds, of the Sixty-fourth North Carolina Regiment, is closely confined in an iron cage, eight feet square, in Knoxville. Will you please make immediate inquiry into the matter? Captain R. is a regular confederate officer, belonging to General Vaughn's brigade.

I will thank you to send as soon as possible Lieutenant Colonel John C. Humphreys, who is now at Johnson's Island. Lieutenant-Colonel Burnett, who was named for him, has been sent North.

Will you please inform me where the Honorable J. B. Heiskell is? He was arrested when General Morgan was killed. He was taken to Knoxville, but has been removed from that place.

[RO. OULD.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, October 7, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: On the 6th instant I addressed the accompanying letter to Major John. E. Mulford, assistant agent of exchange. * I think it proper to notify you that I have done so, in order that you may be made acquainted at an early date with the views of the Confederate authorities in relation to the matters to which that communication refers.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

---------------

* See p. 926.

---------------

59 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII

