
The opinion is expressed by Colonel Sanderson, provost-marshal-general of the Department of the Missouri, in his official report upon the progress of the order, that it was founded by Vallandigham during his banishment and upon consideration at Richmond with Davis and other prominent traitors. It is, indeed, the boast of the order in Indiana and elsewhere that its ritual came direct from Davis himself, and Mary Ann Pitman, formerly attached to the command of the rebel Forrest, and most intelligent witness, whose testimony will be hereafter referred to, states positively that Davis is a member of the order.

Upon the institution of the principal organization it is represented that the Corps de Belgique was modified by Price, and became a Southern section of the O. A. K., and that the new name was generally adopted for the order, both at the North and South. The secret signs and character of the order having become known to out military authorities further modifications in the ritual and forms were introduced, and its name was finally changed to that of the O. S. L., or Order of the Sons of Liberty, or the Knights of the Order of the Sons of Liberty. these later changes are represented to have been first instituted and the new ritual compiled in the State of Indiana in May last, but the new name was at once generally adopted throughout the West, though in some localities the association is still better known as the Order of American Knights. Meanwhile, also, the order has received certain local designations. In parts of Illinois it has been called at times the Peace Organization, in Kentucky the Star Organization, and in Missouri the American Organization; these, however, being apparently names used outside of the lodges of the order. Its members have also been familiarly designated as butternuts by the country people of Illinois, Indiana, and ohio, and its separate lodges have also frequently received titles intended for the public ear, that in Chicago, for instance, being termed by its members the Democratic Invincible Club, that in Louisville the Democratic . It is to be added that in the State of New York and other parts of the North the secret political association known as the McClellan Minute Guard would seem to be a branch of the O. A. K., having substantially the same objects, to be accomplished, however, by means expressly suited to the localities in which it is established; for, as the chief secretary of this association, Dr. R. F. Stevens, stated in June last to a reliable witness whose testimony has been furnished: "Those who represent the McClellan interest are compelled to preach a vigorous prosecution of the war in order to secure the popular sentiment and allure voters. "

II. - ITS ORGANIZATION AND OFFICERS.

From printed copies, heretofore seized by the Government, of the constitutions of the supreme council, grand council, and county parent temples, respectively, of the Order of Sons of Liberty, in connection with other and abundant testimony, the organization of the order in its latest form is ascertained to be as follows:

1. The government of the order throughout the United States is vested in a supreme council, of which the officers are a supreme commander, secretary of state, and treasurer. These officers are elected for one year at the annual meeting of the supreme council, which is made up of the grand commanders of the several States ex officio and two delegates elected from each State in which the order is established.

2. The government of the order in a State is vested in a grand council, the officers of which are a grand commander, deputy grand com-

