
mander, grand secretary, grand treasurer, and a certain number of major-generals, or one for each military district. These officers also are elected annually by representatives from the county temples, each temple being entitled to two representatives and one additional for each thousand members. This body of representatives is also invested with certain legislative functions.

3. The parent temple is the organization of the order for a county, each temple being formally instituted by authority of the supreme council or of the grand council or grand commander of the State. By the same authority, or by that of the officers by the parent temple, branch or subordinate temples may be established for townships in the county.

But the strength and significance of this organization lie in its military organization. The secret constitution of the supreme council provides that the supreme commander 'shall be commander in-chief of all military forces belonging to the order in the various States when called into actual service; " and further, that the grand commanders 'shall be commanders-in-chief of the military forces of their respective States. " Subordinate to the grand commander in the State are the "major-generals," each of whom commands his separate district and army. In Indiana the major-generals are four in number. In Illinois, where the organization is considered most perfect, the members in each Congressional district compose a "brigade," which is commanded by a "brigadier-general; " the members of each county constitute a "regiment," with a "colonel" in command, and those of each township form a "company. " A somewhat similar system prevails in Indiana, where also each company is divided into 'squads," each with its chief - an arrangement intended to facilitate the guerilla mode of warfare in case of a general outbreak or local disorder.

The McClellan Minute Guard, as appears from a circular issued by the chief secretary in New York in March last, is organized upon a military basis similar to that of the order proper. It is composed of companies, one for each election district, ten of which constitute a "brigade," with a "brigadier-general" at its head. The whole is placed under the authority of a "commander-in-chief. " A strict obedience on the part of members to the orders of their superiors is enjoined. The first supreme commander of the order was P. C. Wright, of New York, editor of the New york News, who was in May last placed in arrest and confined in Fort Lafayette. His successor in office was Vallandigham, who was elected at the annual meeting of the supreme council in February last. Robert Holloway, of Illinois, is represented to have acted as lieutenant-general, or deputy supreme commander, during the absence of Vallandigham from the country. The secretary of state chosen at the last election was

Doctor Massey, of Ohio. In Missouri the principal officers were Charles L. Hunt, grand commander; Charles E. Dunn, deputy grand commander, and Green B. Smith, grand secretary. Since the arrest of these three persons (all of whom have made confessions which will be presently alluded to) James A. Barrett has, as it is understood, officiated as grand commander. He is stated to occupy also the position of chief of staff to the supreme commander. The general commander in Indiana, H. H. Dodd, is now on trial at Indianapolis by a military commission for "conspiracy against the Government," "violation of the laws of war," and other charges. The deputy grand commander in that State is Horace Heffren, and the grand secretary, W. M. Harrison. The major-generals are W. A. Bowles, John C. Walker, L. P. Milligan, and Andrew Humphreys. Among

