
the other leading members of the order in that State are Doctor Athon, state secretary, and Joseph Ristine, state auditor. The grand commander in Illinois is --- Judd, of Lewistown; and b. B. Piper, of Springfield, who is entitled grand missionary of the State, and designated also as a member of Vallandigham's staff, is one of the most active members, having been busily engaged throughout the summer in establishing temples and initiating members. In Kentucky, Judge Bullitt, of the court of appeals, is grand commander, and, with Dr. U. F. Kalfus and W. R. Thomas, jailer in Louisville, two other of the most prominent members, has been arrested and confined by the military authorities. In New York, Dr. R. F. Stevens, the chief secretary of the McClellan Minute Guard, is the most active ostensible representative of the order. The greater part of the chief and subordinate officers of the order and its branches, as well as the principal members thereof, are known to the Government, and, where not already arrested, may regard themselves as under a constant military surveillance. So complete has been the exposure of this secret league that, however frequently the conspirators may change its names, forms, passwords, and signals, its true purposes and operations cannot longer be concealed from the military authorities. It is to be remarked that the supreme council of the order, which annually meets on February 22, convened this year at New York City, and a special meeting was then appointed to be held at Chicago on July 1, or just prior to the day then fixed of the convention of the Democratic party. This convention having been postponed to August 29, the special meeting of the supreme council was also postponed to August 27, at the same place, and was duly convened accordingly. It will be remembered that a leading member of the convention, in the course of a speech made before that body, alluded approvingly to the session of the Sons of Liberty at Chicago at the same time, as that of an organization in harmony with the sentiments and projects of the convention. It may be observed, in conclusion, that one not fully acquainted with the true character and intentions of the order might well suppose that, in designating its officers by high military titles, and in imitating in its organization that established in our armies, it was designed merely to render itself more popular and attractive with the masses and to invest its chiefs with a certain sham dignity; but when it is understood that the order comprises within itself a large army of well-armed men, constantly drilled and exercised as soldiers, and that this army is held ready at any time for such forcible resistance to our military authorities and such active co-operation with the public enemy as it may be called upon to engage in by its commanders, it will be perceived that the titles of the latter are not assumed for a mere purpose of display, but that they are the chiefs of an actual and formidable force of conspirators against the life of the Government, and that their military system is, as it has been remarked by Colonel Sanderson, "the grand lever used by the rebel Government for its army operations. "

III. - ITS EXTENT AD NUMBERS.

The temples or lodges of the order are numerously scattered through the States of Indiana, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, and Kentucky. They are also officially reported as established, to a less extent, in Michigan and the other Western States, as well as in New york, Pennsylvania, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New Jersey, Maryland, Delaware, and Tennessee. Dodd, the grand commander of Indiana, in

