
an address to the members in that State of February last, claims that at the next annual meeting of the supreme council (in February, 1865) every State in the Union will be represented, and adds: "This is the first and only true national organization the democratic and conservative men of the country have over attempted. " A provision made in the construction of the council for a representation from the Territories shows, indeed, that the widest extension of the order is contemplated. In the States first mentioned the order is most strongly centered at the following places, where are situated its principal temples: In Indiana, at Indianapolis and Vincennes; in Illinois, at Chicago, Springfield, and Quincy (a large proportion of the lodges in and about the latter place having been founded by the notorious guerrilla chief Jackman); in Ohio, at Cincinnati, Dayton, and in Hamilton County (which is proudly termed by members "the South Carolina of the North"); in Missouri, at Saint Louis; in Kentucky, at Louisville; and in Michigan, at Detroit (whence communication was freely had by the leaders of the order with Vallandigham during his banishment, either by letters addressed to him through two prominent citizens and members of the order, or by personal interviews at Windsor, Canada West). It is to be added that the regular places of meeting, as also the principal rendezvous and haunts of the members in these and less important places, are generally well known to the Government. The actual numbers of the order have, it is believed, never been officially reported, and cannot therefore be accurately ascertained. Various estimates have been made by leading members, some of which are no doubt considerably exaggerated. It has been asserted by delegates to the supreme council of February last that the number was then represented to be from 800,000 to 1,000,000; but Vallandigham, in his speech last summer at Dayton, Ohio, placed it at 500,000, which is probably much nearer the number of its members in the several States has been differently estimated in the reports and statements of its officers. Thus the force of the order in Indiana is stated to be from 75,000 to 125,000; in Illinois, from 100,000 to 140,000; in Ohio, from 80,000 to 108,000; in Kentucky, from 40,000 to 70,000; in Missouri, from 20,000 to 40,000, and in Michigan and New York, about 20,000 each. Its representation in the other States above mentioned does not specifically appear from the testimony, but, allowing for every exaggeration in the figures reported, they may be deemed to present a tolerably faithful view of what, at least, is regarded by the order as its true force in the States designated. It is to be noted that the order, or its counterpart, is probably much more widely extended at the South even than at the North, and that a large proportion of the officers of the rebel army are represented by credible witnesses to be members. In Kentucky and Missouri the order has not hesitated to admit as members, not only officers of that army, but also a considerable number of guerrillas, a class who might be supposed to appreciate most readily its spirit and purposes. It is fully shown that as lately as in July last several of these ruffians were initiated into the first degree by Doctor Kalfus in Kentucky.

IV. - ITS ARMED FORCE.

A review of the testimony in regard to the armed force of the order will materially aid in determining its real strength and numbers. Although the order has from the outset partaken of the military character, it was not till the summer or fall of 1863 that it began to be generally organized as an armed body. Since that date its officers and

