
leaders have been busily engaged in placing it upon a military basis and in preparing it for a revolutionary movement. A general system of drilling has been instituted and secretly carried out. Members have been instructed to be constantly provided with weapons, and in some localities it has been absolutely required that each member should keep at his residence at all times certain arms and a specified quantity of ammunition. In March last the entire armed force of the order capable of being mobilized for effective service was represented to be 340,000 men. As the details upon which this statement was based are imperfectly set forth in the testimony it is not known how far this number may be exaggerated. It is abundantly shown, however, that the order, by means of a tax levied upon its members, has accumulated considerable funds for the purchase of arms and ammunition, and that these have been procured in large quantities for its use. The witness Clayton, on the trial of Dodd, estimated that two-thirds of the order are furnished with arms. Green B. Smith, grand secretary of the order in Missouri, states in his confession of July last: "I know that arms, mostly revolvers, and ammunition have been purchased by members in Saint Louis to sent to members in the country where they could not be had,: and he subsequently adds that he himself alone clandestinely purchased and forwarded, between April 15 and 19 last, about 200 revolvers, with 5,000 percussion caps and other ammunition. A muster roll of one of the country lodges of that State is exhibited, in which, opposite the name of each member, are noted certain numbers, under the heads of Missouri Republican, Saint Louis Union, Anzeiger, Miscellaneous Periodicals, Books, Speeches, and Reports; titles which, when interpreted, severally signify single-barreled guns, double-barreled guns, revolvers, private ammunition, private lead, company powder, company lead, the roll thus actually setting forth the amount of arms and ammunition in the possession of the lodge and its members.

In the State of Ohio and Illinois the order is claimed by its members to be unusually well armed with revolvers, carbines, &amp;c. ; but it is in regard to the arming of the order in Indiana that the principal statistics have been presented, and these may serve to illustrate the system which has probably been pursued in most of the States. One intelligent witness, who has been a member, estimates that in March last there were in possession of the order in that State 6,000 muskets ad 60,000 revolvers, besides private arms. Another member testifies that at a single lodge meeting of 252 persons, which he attended early in the present year, the sum of $4,000 was subscribed for arms. Other members present statements in reference to the number of arms in their respective counties, and all agree in representing that these have been constantly forwarded from Indianapolis into the interior. Beck & Bros. are designated as the firm in that city to which most of the arms were consigned. These were shipped principally from the East; some packages, however, were sent from Cincinnati, and some from Kentucky, and the boxes were generally marked pickaxes, hardware, nails, house-hold goods, &c.

General Carrington estimates that in February and March last nearly 30,000 guns and revolvers entered the State, and this estimate is based upon an actual inspection of invoices. The true number introduced was therefore probably considerably greater. That officer adds that on the day in which the sale of arms was stopped by his order in Indianapolis nearly 1,000 additional revolvers had been contracted for, and that the trade could not supply the demand. He further reports that after the introduction of arms into the Department of the North

