
had been prohibited in general orders of March last a seizure was made by the Government of a large quantity of revolvers and 135,000 rounds of ammunition, which had been shipped to the firm in Indianapolis, of which H. H. Dodd, grand commander, was a member; that other arms about to be shipped to the same destination were seized in New York City, and that all these were claimed as the private property of John C. Walker, one of the major-generals of the order in Indiana, and were represented to have been "purchased for a few friends. " It should also be stated that at the office of Honorable D. W. Voorhees, Member of Congress, at Terre Haute, were discovered letters which disclosed a correspondence between him and ex-Senator Wall, of New Jersey, in regard to the purchase of 20,000 Garibaldi rifles, to be forwarded to the West.

It appears in the course of the testimony that a considerable quantity of arms and ammunition were brought into the State of Illinois from Burlington, Iowa, and that ammunition was sent from New Albany, Ind., into Kentucky. It is also represented that Vallandigham been arrested on his return to Ohio it was contemplated furnishing the order with arms from a point in Canada, near Windsor, where they were stored and ready for use. There remains further to be noticed in this connection the testimony of Clayton upon the trial of Dodd, to the effect that arms were to be furnished the order from Nassau, New Providence, by way of Canada; that to defray the expense of these arms of their transportation a formal assessment was levied upon the lodges, but that the transportation into Canada was actually to be furnished by the Confederate authorities. A statement was made by Hunt, grand commander of Missouri, before his arrest to a fellow member that shells and all kinds of munitions of war, as well as infernal machines, were manufactured for the order at Indianapolis; and the late discovery in Cincinnati of samples of hand-grenades, conical shells, and rockets, of which 1,000 were about to be manufactured, under a special contract, for the Order of the Sons of Liberty, goes directly to verify such a statement. These details will convey some idea of the attempts which have been made to place the order upon a war footing and prepare it for aggressive movements. But notwithstanding all the efforts that have been put forth, and with considerable success, to arm and equip its members as fighting men, the leaders have felt themselves still very deficient in their armament, and numerous schemes for increasing their armed strength have been devised. Thus, at the time of the issuing of the general order in Missouri requiring the enrollment of all citizens, it was proposed in the lodges of the Order of American Knights at Saint Louis that certain members should raise companies in the militia in their respective wards, and thus get command of as many Government arms and equipments as possible for the future use of the order. Again, it was proposed that all the members should enroll themselves in the militia instead of paying commutation, in this way obtaining possession of U. S. arms and having the advantage of the drill and military instruction. In the councils of the order in Kentucky in June last a scheme was devised for disarming all the negro troops, which it was thought could be done without much difficulty, and appropriating their arms for military purposes. the despicable treachery of these proposed plans, as evincing the animus of the conspiracy, need not be commented upon. It is to be observed that the order in the State of Missouri has counted greatly upon support from the enrolled militia, in case of an invasion by Price, as containing many members and friends of the

