
Thus P. C. Wright, supreme commander, in his general address of December, 1863, after urging that "the spirit of the fathers may animate the free minds, the brave hearts, and still unshackled limbs of the true democracy" (meaning the members of the order), adds as follows:

To be prepared for the crisis now approaching we must catch from afar the earliest and faintest breathings of the spirit of the storm; to be successful when the storm comes we must be watchful, patient, brave, confident, organized, armed.

Thus, too, Dodd, grand commander of the order in Indiana, quoting, in his address of February last, the views of his chief, Vallandigham, and adopting them as his own, says:

He (Vallandigham) judges that the Washington power will not yield up its power until it is taken from them by an indignant people by force of arms.

Such, then, are the written principles of the order in which the neophyte is instructed, and which he is sworn to cherish and observe as his rule of action, when, with arms placed in his hands, he is called upon to engage in the overthrow of his Government. This declaration, first, of the absolute right of slavery; second, of State sovereignty and the right of secession; third, of the right of armed resistance to constituted authority on the part of the disaffected and the disloyal, whenever their ambition may prompt them to revolution, is but an assertion of that abominable theory which, from its first enunciation, served as a pretext for conspiracy after conspiracy against the Government on the part of Southern traitors, until their detestable plotting culminated in open rebellion and bloody civil war. What more appropriate password, therefore, to be communicated to the new member upon his first admission to the order could have been conceived than that which was actually adopted, Calhoun! a man who, baffled in his lust for power, with gnashing teeth turned upon the Government that had lifted him to its highest honors, and upon the country that had borne him, and down to the very close of his fevered life labored incessantly to scatter far and wide the seeds of that poison of death now upon our lips. the thorns which now pierce and tear us are of the tree he planted.

VII. - ITS SPECIFIC PURPOSES AND OPERATIONS.

From the principles of the order, as thus set forth, its general purpose of co-operating with the rebellion may readily be inferred, and, in fact, those principles could logically lead to no other result. This general purpose, indeed, is distinctly set forth in the personal statements and confessions of its members, and particularly of its prominent officers, who have been induced to make disclosures to the Government. Among the most significant of these confessions are those already alluded to, of Hunt, Dunn, and Smith, the heads of the order in Missouri. The latter, whose statement is full and explicit, says:

At the time I joined the order I understood that its object was to aid and assist the Confederate Government and endeavor to restore the Union as it was prior to this rebellion.

He adds:

The order is hostile in every respect to the General Government and friendly to the so-called Confederate Government. It is exclusively made up of disloyal persons, of all Democrats who are desirous of securing the independence of the Confederate States with a view of restoring the Union as it was.

It would be idle to comment on such gibberish as the statement that "the independence of the Confederate States: was to be used as the means of restoring "the Union as it was; " and yet, under the manipulations of these traitorous jugglers doubtless the brains of many have

