
inevitable. " The assertions in this dispatch were entirely false, and may serve to illustrate the fact heretofore noted, that a studious misrepresentation of the acts of the Government and its officers is a part of the prescribed duty of members of the order. It is proper to mention that seven of the party in Morgan County who made the attack upon our troops were convicted of their offense by a State court. Upon their trial it was proved that the party was composed of members of the Knights of the Golden Circle. One of the most pointed instances of protection afforded to deserters occurred in a case in Indiana where seventeen intrenched themselves in a log cabin with a ditch and palisade, and were furnished with provisions and sustained in their defense against our military authorities for a considerable period by the order or its friends.

Second. Discouraging enlistments and resisting the draft. It is especially inculcated by the order to oppose the re-enforcement of our armies, either by volunteers of drafted men. In 1862 the Knights of the Golden Circle organized generally to resist the draft in the Western States, and were strong enough in certain localities to greatly embarrass the Government. In this year and early in 1863 a number of enrolling officers were shot in Indiana and Illinois. In Blackford County, Ind., an attack was made upon the court-house, and the books connected with the draft were destroyed. In several counties of the State a considerable military force was required for the protection of the U. S. officials, and a large number of arrests were made, including that of one Reynolds, and ex-Senator of the Legislature, for publicly urging upon the populace to resist the conscription, an offense of the same character, in fact, as that upon which Vallandigham was apprehended in Ohio. These outbreaks were no doubt in most cases incited by the order and engaged in by its members. In Indiana nearly 200 persons were indicted for conspiracy against the Government, resisting the draft, &amp;c., and about sixty of these were convicted. Where members of the order were forced into the army by the draft they were instructed, in case they were prevented from presently escaping, and were obliged to go to the field, to use their arms against their fellow-soldiers, rather than the enemy, or, if possible, to desert to the enemy, by whom, through the signs of the order, they would be recognized and received as friends. Whenever a member volunteered in the army he was at once expelled from the order.

Third. Circulation of disloyal and treasonable publications. The order, especially in Missouri, has secretly circulated throughout the country a great quantity of treasonable publications, as a means of extending it sown power and influence, as well as of giving encouragement to the disloyal and inciting them to treason. Of these some of the principal are the following: Pollard's Southern History of the War, Official Reports of the Confederate Government, Life of Stonewall Jackson, pamphlets containing articles from the Metropolitan Record, Abraham Africanus, or Masteries of the White House, The Lincoln Catechism, or a Guide to the Presidential Election of 1864, Indestructible Organics, by Triga. These publications have generally been procured by formal requisitions drawn upon the grand commander by leading members in the interior of the State. One of these requisitions, dated June 10 last, and drawn by a local secretary of the order at Gentryville, Mo., is exhibited in the testimony. It contains a column of the initials of subscribers, opposite whose names are entered the number of the disloyal publications to be furnished, the particular book or book, &c., required being indicated by fictitious titles.

