
And he proceeds to specify certain members who at the date of his confession (August 2 last) were employed at the express and telegraph offices in Saint Louis.

Fifth. Aiding the enemy, by recruiting for them, or assisting them to recruit, within our lines. This has also been extensively carried on by members of the order, particularly in Kentucky and Missouri. It is estimated that 2,000 men were sent south from Louisville alone during a few weeks in April and May, 1864. The order and its friends at that city have a permanent fund, to which there are many subscribers, for the purpose of fitting out with pistols, clothing, money, &amp;c., men desiring to join the Southern service; and in the lodges of the order in Saint Louis and Northern Missouri money has often been raised to purchase horses, arms, and equipments for soldiers about to be forwarded to the Southern Army. In the latter State parties empowered by Price, or by Grand Commander Hunt as his representative, to recruit for the rebel service, were nominally authorized to "locate lands," as it was expressed, and in their reports, which were formally made, the number of acres, &c., located represented the number of men recruited. At Louisville those desiring to join the Southern forces were kept hidden and supplied with food ad lodging until a convenient occasion was presented for their transportation South. They were then collected and conducted at night to a safe rendezvous of the order, whence they were forwarded to their destination, in some cases stealing horses from the U. S. corrals on their way. While awaiting an occasion to be sent South the men, to avoid the suspicion which might be excited by their being seen together in any considerable number, were often employed on farms in the vicinity of Louisville, and the farm of the one Grant in that neighborhood (at whose house, also, meetings of the order were held) is indicated in the testimony as one of the localities where such rendezvoused and employed. The same facilities which were afforded to recruits for the Southern Army were also furnished by the order to persons desiring to proceed beyond our lines for any illegal purpose. By these Louisville was generally preferred as a point of departure, and on the Mississippi River a particular steamer, the Graham, was selected as the safest conveyance.

Sixth. Furnishing the rebels with arms, ammunition, &c. In this, too, the order, and especially its female members and allies, has been sedulously engaged. The rebel women of Louisville and Kentucky are represented as having rendered the most valuable aid to the Southern Army by transporting large quantities of percussion caps, powder, &c., concealed upon their persons, to some convenient locality near the lines, whence they could be readily conveyed to those for whom they were intended. It is estimated that at Louisville, up to May 1 last, the sum of $17,000 had been invested by the order in ammunition and arms, to be forwarded, principally in this manner, to the rebels. In Saint Louis several firms, who are well known to the Government, the principal of which is Beauvais & Co., have been engaged in supplying arms and ammunition to members of the order, to be conveyed to their Southern allies. Mary Ann Pitman, a reliable witness and a member of the Order of American Knights, who will hereafter be specially alluded to, states in her testimony that she visited Beauvais & Co. three times, and procured from them on each occasion about $80 worth of caps, besides a number of pistols and cartridges, which she carried in person to Forrest's command, as well as a much larger quantity of similar articles which she caused to be forwarded by other agents. The guerrillas in Missouri also received arms from Saint Louis, and one Doug-

