
las, one of the most active conspirators of the Order of American Knights in Missouri, and a special emissary of Price, was arrested while in the act of transporting a box of forty revolvers by railroad to a guerilla camp in the interior of the State. Medical stores in large quantities were likewise, by the aid of the order, furnished to the enemy, and a young doctor, named Moore, said to be now a medical inspector in the rebel army, is mentioned as having made $75,000 by smuggling medicines, principally from Louisville, through the lines of our army. Supplies were in some cases conveyed to the enemy through the medium of professed loyalists, who, having received permits for that purpose from the U. S. military authorities, would forward their goods, as if for ordinary purposes of trade, to a certain point near the rebel lines, where, by the connivance of the owners, the enemy would be enabled to seize them.

Seventh. Co-operating with the enemy in raids and invasions. While it is clear that the order has given aid, both directly and indirectly, to the forces of the rebels and to guerrilla bands, when engaged in making incursions into the border States, yet because, on the one hand, of the constant restraint upon its action exercised by our military authorities, and on the other of the general success of our armies in the field over those of the enemy, their allies at the North have never thus far been able to carry out their grand plan of a general armed rising of the order and its co-operation on an extended scale with the Southern forces. This plan has been twofold, and consisted, first, of a rising of the order in Missouri, aided by a strong detachment from Illinois and a co-operation with a rebel army under Price; second, of a similar rising in Indiana, Ohio, and Kentucky, and a co-operation with a force under Breckinridge, Buckner, Morgan, or some other rebel commander, who was to invade the latter State. In this case the order was first to cut the railroads and telegraph wires, so that intelligence of the movement might not be sent abroad and the transportation of Federal troops might be delayed, and hen to seize upon the arsenals at Indianapolis, Columbus, Springfield, Louisville, and Frankfurt, and, furnishing such of their number as were without arms, to kill or make prisoners of department, district, and post commanders, release the rebel prisoners at Rock Island and at Camps Morton, Douglas, and Chase, and thereupon join the Southern army at Louisville or some other point in Kentucky, which State was to be permanently occupied by the combined force. At the period of the movement it was also proposed that an attack should be made upon Chicago by means of steam tugs mounted with cannon. A similar course was to be taken in Missouri, and was to result in the permanent occupation of that State. This scheme has long occupied the minds of members of the order and has been continually discussed by them in their lodges. A rising somewhat of the character disrobed was intended to have taken place in the spring of this year, simultaneously with an expected advance of the army of Lee upon Washington; but the plans of the enemy having been anticipated by the movements of our generals, the rising of the conspirators was necessarily postponed. Again, a general movement of the Southern forces was expected to occur about July 4, and with this the order was to co-operate. A speech to be made by Vallandigham at the Chicago Convention was, it is said, to be the signal for the rising; but the postponement of the convention, as well as the failure of the rebel armies to engage in the anticipated movement, again operated to disturb the programme of the order. During the summer, however, the grand plan of action above set forth has been more than

