
ever discussed throughout the order, and its success most confidently predicted, while at the same time an extensive organization and preparation for carrying the conspiracy into effect have been actively going on. But up to this time, notwithstanding the late raids of the enemy in Kentucky and the invasion of Missouri by Price, no such general action on the part of the order as was contemplated has taken place; a result, in great part, owing to the activity of our military authorities in strengthening the detachments at the prisons, arsenals, &amp;c., and in causing the arrest of the leading conspirators in the several States, and especially in the seizure of large quantities of arms which had been shipped for the use of the order in their intended outbreak. It was doubtless on account of these precautions that the day last appointed for the rising of the order in Indiana and Kentucky (August 16) passed by with but slight disorder.

It is, however, the inability of the public enemy, in the now declining days of the rebellion, to initiate the desired movements which has prevented the order from engaging in open warfare; and it has lately been seriously consider in their councils whether they should not proceed with their revolt, relying alone upon the guerrilla bands of Sypers, Jessee, and others for support and assistance. With these guerrillas he order has always most readily acted along the border, and in cases of capture by the Union forces of Northern members of the order engaged in co-operating with them, the guerrillas have frequently retaliated by seizing prominent Union citizens and holding them as hostages or the release of their allies. At other times our Government has been officially notified by the rebel authorities that if the members of the order captured were not treated by us as ordinary prisoners of war retaliation would be resorted to. An atrocious plan of concert between members of the order in Indiana and certain guerrilla bands of Kentucky, agreed upon last spring, may be here remarked upon. Some 2,500 or 3,000 guerrillas were to be thrown into the border counties, and were to assume the character of refugees seeking employment. Being armed, they were secretly to destroy Government property wherever practicable, and subsequently to control the elections by force, prevent enlistments, aid deserters, and stir up strife between the civil and military authorities. A singular feature of the raids of the enemy remains only to be adverted to, viz, that the officers conducting these raids are furnished by the rebel Government with quantities of U. S. Treasure notes for use within our lines, and that these are probably most frequently procured thorough the agency of members of the order. Mary Ann Pitman states that Forrest, of the rebel Army, at one time exhibited to her a letter to himself from a prominent rebel sympathizer and member of the order in Washington, D. C., in which it was set forth that the sum of $20,000 in greenbacks had actually been forwarded by him to the rebel Government at Richmond.

Eighth. Destruction of Government property. There is no doubt that large quantities of Government property have been burned or otherwise destroyed by the agency of the order in different localities. At Louisville, in the case of the steamer Taylor, and on the Mississippi River steamers belonging to the United States have been burned at the wharves, and generally when loaded with Government stores. Shortly before the arrest of Bowles, the senior of the major-generals of the order in Indiana, he had been engaged in the preparation of "Greek fire," which it was supposed would be found serviceable in the destruction of public property. It was generally understood in the councils of the order in the State of Kentucky that they were to be compensated

