
for such destruction by the rebel Government, by receiving a commission of 10 per cent. of he value of the property so destroyed, and that this value was to be derived form the estimate of the loss made in each case by Northern newspapers.

Ninth. Destruction of private property and persecution of loyal men. It is reported by General Carington that the full development of the order in Indiana was followed by "a state of terrorism" among the Union residents of "portions of Brown, Morgan, Johnson, Rush, Clay, Sullivan, Bartholomew, Hendricks, and other counties" in that State; that from some localities individuals were driven away altogether, that in others their barns, hay, and wheatricks were burned, and that many persons, under the general insecurity of life and property, sold their effects at a sacrifice and removed to other places. At one time in Brown County the members of the order openly threatened the lives of all abolitionists who refused to sign a peace memorial which they had prepared and addressed to Congress. In Missouri, also, similar outrages committed upon the property of loyal citizens are attributable in a great degree to the secret order. Here the outbreak of the miners in the coal districts of Eastern Pennsylvania in the autumn of last year may be appropriately alluded to. It was fully shown in the testimony adduced upon the trial of these insurgents, who were guilty of the destruction of property and numerous acts of violence, as well as murder, that they were generally members of a secret treasonable association, similar in all respects to the Knights of the Golden Circle, at the meetings of which they had been incited to the commission of the crimes for which they were tried and convicted.

Tenth. Assassination and murder. After what has been disclosed in regard to this infamous league of traitors and ruffians it will not be a matter of surprise to learn that the cold blooded assassination of Union citizens and soldiers has been included in their of operations. Green B. Smith states in is confession that "the secret assassination of U. S. officers, soldiers, and Government employees has been discussed in the councils of the order and recommended. " It is also shown in the course of the testimony that at a large meeting of the order in Saint Louis in May or June last it was proposed to form a secret police of members for the purpose of patrolling the streets of that city at night and killing every detective and soldier that could be readily disposed of; that this proposition was coolly considered, and finally rejected, not because of its fiendish character (no voice being raised against its criminality), but because only it was deemed premature. At Louisville in June last a similar scheme was discussed among the order for the waylaying and butchering of negro soldiers in the streets at night; and in the same month a party of its members in that city was actually organized for the purpose of throwing off the track of the Nashville railroad a train of colored troops and seizing the opportunity to take the lives of as many as possible. Again, in July the assassination of an obnoxious provost-marshal, by betraying him into the hands of guerrillas, was designed by members in the interior of Kentucky. Further, at a meeting of the grand council of Indiana at Indianapolis on June 14 last the murder of one Coffin, a Government detective, who, as it was supposed, had betrayed the order, was deliberately discussed and unanimously determined upon. This fact is stated by Stidger in his report to General Carrington of June 17 last, and is more fully set forth in his testimony upon the trial of Dodd. He deposes that at the meeting in question Dodd himself volunteered to go to Hamilton, Ohio, where Coffin was expected to be found, and there

