
answering award of moral condemnation from the tribunal of enlightened public sentiment everywhere. Within its limits and wherever its power may enable it to execute justice he has been and will be held an outlaw and a felon. To essay more would be mere brutum fulmen against the criminal, yet entail inconveniences to our own Government and injury to innocent victims and his malevolence.

In this view the Government has sought to regulate its action. It has not denied the power or position however unworthily bestowed by his own Government on General Butler within their limits, but has refused to receive or admit him within ours. If an honest purpose of effecting exchanges in compliance with the cartel or on equitable terms be really entertained by the enemy all the arrangements essential thereto may be readily attained consistently with the position thus justly held by our Government; while if the selection was intended merely as a pretext of avoidance or for the purpose of gratuitous offense the hypocrisy of the one design or the malignity of the other will be exposed. Since this relation has been held some limited exchanges by indirect communication have been effected, and hopes are entertained, especially in view of the increased number of prisoners which recent success have given us, that the in human policy and delusive pretenses of the enemy will be abandoned and the equitable stipulations of the cartel be again acknowledged and executed. Such consummation would thrill with emotions of gratification the whole population of the Confederacy and bear relief and consolation to thousands of families throughout the land. For a fuller history and explanation of all the proceedings connected with the subject of exchange reference is made and special attention invited to the accompanying report of Mr. Ould,* our able commissioner of exchange.

* * * * *

Respectfully submitted.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., April 29, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of inspection of the prisoners' barracks and hospital and of the garrison quarters at Camp Morton, near this place, April 28, 1864.

PRISON, GROUNDS, AND BARRACKS.

Police. - In generally very good condition. The streets are being graded, ditched, and graveled. A ditch about ten feet wide and six feet deep is being dug around the camp, just inside the fence, which when completed will be of great service in the more effectual draining of the camp ground, as well as an additional safeguard against the escape of prisoners.

Barracks police. - Is very much better than formerly, although their dilapidated state effectually forbids their being brought into anything like a satisfactory condition. Their sanitary condition has been very much improved, not only by the more strict enforcement of police, but by the introduction of ridge ventilation and a coat of whitewash on the exterior. By these means, with the frequent use of whitewash in the interior of the barracks, they can be made to answer very well for

---------------

*May 2, p. 103.

---------------

