
as utterly atrocious and barbarous; so I told them I would have nothing more to do with them. " This woman was attached to the command of the rebel Forrest, as an officer under the name of Lieutenant Rawley; but because her sex afforded her unusual facilities for crossing our lines she was often employed in the execution of important commissions within our territory, and, as a member of the order, was made extensively acquainted with other members, both of the Northern and Southern sections. Her testimony is thus peculiarly valuable, and being a person of unusual intelligence and force of character, her statements are sufficient, pointed, and emphatic. They are also especially useful as fully corroborating those of their witnesses regarded as most trustworthy.

Sixth. Officers of the order of high rank, who have been prompted to present confessions, more or less detailed, in regard to the order and their connection with it. The principals of these are Hunt, Dunn, and Smiter, deputy grand commander, and grand secretary of the order in Missouri, to whose statements frequent reference has been made. These confessions, though in some degree guarded and disingenuous, have furnished to the Government much important information as to the operations of the order, especially in Missouri, the affiliation of its leaders with Price, &amp;c. It is to be noted that Dunn makes the statement, in common with other witnesses, that in entering the order he was quite ignorant of its ultimate purposes. He says: "I did not become a member understandingly; the initiatory step was taken in the dark, without reflection and without knowledge. "

Seventh. Deserters from our army, who, upon being apprehended, confessed that they had been induced and assisted to desert by members of the order. It was, indeed, principally from these confessions that the existence of the secret treasonable organization of the Knights of the Golden Circle was first discovered in Indian in the year 1862.

Eighth. Writers of anonymous communications, addressed to heads of departments or provost-marshals, disclosing facts corroborative of other more important statements.

Ninth. The witnesses before the grand jury at Indianapolis in 1863, when the order was formally presented as a treasonable organization, and those whose testimony has been recently introduced upon the trial of Dodd.

It need only be added that a most satisfactory test of the credibility and weight of much of the evidence which has been furnished is afforded by the printed testimony in regard to the character and intention of the order, which is found in its national and State constitutions and its ritual. Indeed, the statements of the various witnesses are but presentations of the logical and inevitable consequences and results of the principles therein set forth.

In concluding this review it remains only to state that a constant reference has been made to the elaborate official reports in regard to the order of Brigadier-General Carrington, commanding District of Indiana, and of Colonel Sanderson, provost-marshal-general of the Department of Missouri. The great mass of the testimony upon the subject of this conspiracy has been furnished by thee officers, the latter acting under the orders of Major-General Rosecrans, and the former co-operating with Major-General Burbridge, commanding District of Kentucky, as well as with Governor Morton, of Indiana, who, though at one time greatly embarrassed by a Legislature strongly tainted with disloyalty, in his efforts to repress this domestic enemy has at last seen his State relieved from the danger of a civil war. But although the

