
To remedy the two last-mentioned causes, I respectfully recommend: 1. That a competent and energetic medical officer of suitable rank and experience be ordered to report to Surg. L. H. Holden, U. S. Army, medical director at Chicago, or to the commanding of this post, as will be proper, to be assigned to duty as post surgeon.

2. That the sutler be allowed to sell to prisoners of war the articles mentioned and enumerated in the list forwarded in your letter of March 3, 1864, to Brigadier General W. W. Orme, then commanding this post, the effect of which would be to provide the prisoner with healthful food in the way of vegetables and groceries without additional expense to Government.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. J. SWEET,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C., October 14, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier General J. K. Barnes, Surgeon-General, U. S. Army, and attention invited to the part of this report referring to the surgeon in charge at Camp Douglas with the request that an experienced medical officer may be ordered there. The return of this paper is requested.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Second indorsement.]

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE, October 14, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Colonel W. Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners. Contents noted.

J. K. BARNES,

Surgeon-General.

CAMP SUMTER, Andersonville, Ga., October 8, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the work at Camp Lawton is being pushed forward as fast as the want of transportation will allow. The work is and has been inclosed for the last week and ready to receive prisoners, but the baking and cooking arrangements have not yet been completed, as I stated, for want of transportation. At Macon three cars were being loaded with brick for Camp Lawton when the railroad company had them unloaded, and the cars turned over, as I understand, to cotton speculators to transport cotton. If the transportation is furnished, the arrangements will soon be made. These delays have obstructed the removal of prisoners. There are now about 2,000 yet to be moved, and about 3,000 to remain, being too sick to travel.

I shall remove to Camp Lawton on Monday, the 10th instant. I shall push things forward as fast as possible. I inclose a report of the surgeon showing the operations of medical department. I do not agree in the opinion that the mortality is attributable to the crowded state of

