
food, quality of, very good; food, quantity of, they receive their full allowance; sinks, are kept clean by tide and force pumps; policing of grounds, very well conducted; drainage, very good; vigilance of guard, faithfully performs duty; security of quarters, good, no prisoner has escaped this week; policing hospital, admirably conducted; attendance of sick (nurses), every possible attention is paid to them; cleanliness of hospital, could not be better; hospital diet, very good and sufficient; general health of prisoners, about 3 1/2 per cent. sick, only three deaths this week.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. AHL,

Captain, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Inspecting Officer.

OFFICE ASSISTANT AGENT FOR EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS, Fort Monroe, Va., October 9, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: Your telegrams to me of the 5th and 8th instant relative to the proposition made Mr. Ould "to allow Federal prisoners now in the South to make rolls or lists of themselves," did not reach me until my arrival here this evening. I answered by telegraph immediately. Mr. Ould consented to this arrangement on condition that it be made reciprocal, to which I assented.

If you will forward to me much such stationery as you deem best calculated for this purpose, I will endeavor to have the arrangement carried out at once.

Allow me to suggest as the most serviceable and convenient form a number of small bank books of the style of grocers' pass books. These, under the circumstances and disadvantages which men in camp will necessarily have to encounter, will, I think, prove the most safe and certain means of success.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. E. MULFORD,

Major and Assistant Agent of Exchange.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., October 9, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, U. S. Army,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose a report of medical inspection of the military prison of this department. I leave this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. M. GETTY,

Surg., U. S. Army, and Actg. Medical Insp. of Prisoners of War.

[Inclosure.]

Report of a medical inspection of the military prison at Little Rock, Ark., commanded by Lieutenant Colonel J. L. Chandler, Seventh Missouri Cavalry, and assistant provost-marshal, Department of Arkansas, made on the 5th day of October, 1864, by T. M. Getty, surgeon, U. S. Army, acting medical inspector of prisoners of war.

Prison, name and geographical position - military prison, Department of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark. Topography of surrounding country - rolling. Topography, soil, drainage - gravelly, excellent.

