
Water, source, supply, quality, effects - well water for drinking, rain for washing, abundant, good. Fuel, whence obtained, kind, supply - oak and pine, collected in the vicinity, abundant. Prison, how arranged, how long occupied - five brick buildings surrounded by a stone wall, one year. Prison, previous use of ground - State penitentiary. Sinks and cesspools, construction, position, management - the sinks are 600 yards from the prison, tubs are used and carried daily to the sinks. Removal of offal and rubbish, police of camp - daily, good. Rations, quality, quantity, variety -good, abundant, prison rations and vegetables occasionally. Vegetables and pickles, kinds, amount, how obtained - potatoes, &amp;c., not sufficient, from the commissary. Rations, how cooked, how inspected, messing - in the open air, daily by the surgeon, bad. Clothing, condition, deficiencies - not very good, supplied by outsiders. Men, sanitary condition, personal cleanliness - not good, not clean. Hospital, topography of locality, soil, drainage- two rooms, portion of the prison. Hospital, warming, ventilation, lighting - by stoves, good, candles. Hospital, water-closets and sinks - the same as the prison. Hospital, discipline, police - good, pretty good. Water, source, supply quality, effects - the same as the prison. Fuel, whence obtainable, kind, supply - the same as the prison. Diet, quality, quantity, variety - the same as the prison, with purchases from the hospital fund. Diet, how cooked, how inspected, messing - stoves, very bad, by the surgeon, not good. Medical and hospital supplies, quality, condition, deficiencies - good, good, none. Instruments, hospital, personal, condition, deficiencies - one pocket case, good. Commissary stores, medical comforts, condition, deficiencies - good, deficient in bedding. Hospital records and accounts - kept properly since February. Hospital muster and pay rolls - properly made. Reports of sick and wounded, and of operations - none. Requisitions and returns - properly made. Morning reports, provision returns - properly made. Hospital fund, how expended, accounted for, condition - $72. 098, properly, properly, good. Hospital washing, how performed, how paid for - by matrons, by the paymaster. Assistant surgeons, number present, absent - Asst. Surg. Moses R. Greeley, Third Minnesota Volunteers. Hospital stewards, present, absent - one acting steward. Cooks and nurses, present, absent - 3 cooks, 4 nurses. Prisoners sick, ratio of, to strength of command -30 in hospital, 100 in all. Strength of the command - 481. Sick, condition, cleanliness - fair, not very clean. Sick, beds for, superficial area, and air space per bed - 30 beds, 600 cubic feet to a patient. Medical and surgical treatment - very good. Surgical operations, how performed - none. Nursing, how performed - by prisoners, not very well. Diseases prevalent - scurvy, diarrhea. Diseases, prevention, mitigation - by fresh vegetables. Recoveries from diseases, wounds, rapid or tardy - tardy. Vaccination - general. Interments, how conducted and recorded - by the prison officer, properly. The military prison of this department consists of five brick buildings inclosed by a stone wall 22 feet high, used formerly as the State penitentiary. Building No. 1,150 by 30 feet; wooden, one story high, used by Federal prisoners. Building No. 2,100 by 40 feet; brick, two stories, hospital, used by prisoners of war. Building No. 3,122 by 40 feet; brick, two stories, unoccupied. Building No. 4,70 by 40 feet; brick two stories, used as officers' quarters. Building No. 5,20 by 20 feet; brick two stories, unoccupied. Number of prisoners; 287 prisoners of war, 50 political prisoners, 15 Federal citizens, and 129 U. S. soldiers - total, 481. The prison fund amounts to $2,514. 29, and is properly managed and expended. The funds belonging to the prisoners are receipted for by the prison officer, Captain Jas. L. Hodges, and are properly managed.

