
The arrangements for cooking in the prison are wretched, the rations being cooked by the prisoners in the open air. The hospital is a room 30 by 40 feet in the second story of the Building No. 2. A room 30 by 30 feet will be fitted up at once in Building No. 2, and used for hospital purposes. The accommodations with them are ample. The hospital is deficient in bedding. The hospital fund amounts to $72. 09, and is properly expended.

T. M. GETTY,

Surg., U. S. Army, and Actg. Medical Inspector Prisoners of War.

DEPOT OF PRISONERS OF WAR, Near Sandusky, Ohio, October 9, 1864.

Captain J. F. HUNTINGTON, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Below I have the honor to submit my Sunday morning report of the condition of the prison and prisoners. The police of the prison for the past week has not bee good, solely on account of the weather, it having rained every day but one. The police of the quartermaster continues good. The floors of the mess-halls have been in bad condition, and I fear always will be during wet weather. The buildings injured by the late storm are all repaired, with the exception of a little work on the chimneys, which could not be completed sooner on account of want of brick, which could not be obtained nearer than Cleveland. The sinks are in as good condition as the weather will allow. Owing to the sickness and death of Captain L. M. Brooks, assistant quartermaster, there has been a delay in supplying the prison with stoves and the prisoners with clothing. This delay will undoubtedly be obviated the coming week. The sanitary condition of the prisoners is as follows: Whole number of prisoners, 2,606; number in hospital, 46; deaths since last report, 1.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. SCOVILL,

Lieutenant Colonel 128th Ohio Vol. Infty., Superintendent of Prison.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Johnson's Island and Sandusky, Ohio, October 9, 1864.

Approved and respectfully forwarded to Colonel William Hoffman, Third Infantry, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

The floors of the mess-halls are about six inches of gravel with a slight admixture of clay at the top to serve as a cement. The roofs, of course, leak to some extent, and the prisoners passing in and out during a rain-storm of several days' duration of course bring in damp mud, which becomes distributed through the mess-hall, but which cannot be removed as it might be from a wooden floor. This inconvenience is inherent and its recurrence will accompany every storm and every thaw. The difficulty about the quartermaster I think need not exist after to-day, as an officer is detailed to attend to that duty.

CHAS. W. HILL,Colonel, Commanding.

CAMP DOUGLAS, Chicago, Ill., October 9, 1864.

Captain E. R. P. SHURLY, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: In compliance with Special Order, dated headquarters post, Chicago, Ill., August 22, 1864, I have the honor to submit the

