
following report of daily inspection made by me during the past week: The prisoners' square is as clean as possible under the circumstances. New barracks are being built and old ones required, which renders it impossible to keep the grounds is as presentable appearance as they otherwise would be. No filth is allowed to accumulate; all slops are carried to the sinks. The roofs of most of the barracks have been repaired. A few more windows are necessary. The hospital are in fair condition and are constantly filled. The rebel surgeons report that there are at least fifty men in the barracks, with acute diseases, that should be in hospital. In regard to personal cleanliness, with very few exceptions the prisoners are decently clean, many of them very neat in appearance. With few exceptions the clothing and blankets with which they are supplied will keep them comfortable for the present. The kitchens are very clean. The messes are usually prepared with care. The bread issued is well baked and of good quality.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. BRIGGS,

First Lieutenant, Eight Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps,

Special Inspector Camp Douglas.

GENERAL ORDERS, CAMP SUMTER, No. 83. Andersonville, Ga., October 9, 1864.

1. Colonel G. C. Gibbs is hereby assigned to the command of the post at Camp Sumter, Andersonville, Ga.

2. The prison and all Federal prisoners at the post are under the immediate charge of the commander of prison. No one will be permitted to enter the prison except on a pass from him. The commanding officer wishing to pass any one into the prison will order the commanding officer of the prison to give the required pass.

By order of Brigadier-General John H. Winder:

W. S. WINDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., October 10, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commander-in-Chief, &amp;c., City Point, VA.:

SIR: With regard to the proposed exchange of naval prisoners the Department desires to call your attention to the case of the officers and crew of the rebel steamer Alabama, whom we regard as prisoners of war, and hold that we are entitled to equivalents for them. The principal facts are stated in the accompanying copy of a letter addressed, on the 27th of August last, by the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, to Major-General Butler.

It is supposed Captain Melanthon Smith has turned over to you the several letters of this Department respecting the proposed exchange. In addition to those therein mentioned as on parole, seventeen others of our seamen, captured in the Queen City, have reported themselves at Mound City, having been paroled.

Very respectfully,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

