
WASHINGTON, D. C., October 10, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES BARNES,

Commanding District of Saint Mary's, Point Lookout, Md.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 6th instant in reference to the supply of water at Point Lookout, and covering reports of Captain Goodwin, assistant quartermaster, showing the quantity of water supplies by the two boats since the early part of July.

The reports of Captain Goodwin are unsatisfactory, as they give nothing as to the time when he commenced supplying the water, how much he did supply per week, what his boats were capable of supplying, or why it was the boats did not supply all they were capable of.

In

-----

a report was made by Surgeon Alexander, acting medical inspector of prisoners, showing the necessity of furnishing a large supply of wholesome water by means of boats, and I immediately requested the Quartermaster-General to order water-boats to be provide capable of supplying 20,000 gallons per day, and my impression is that the necessary were given immediately. Will you please require him, Captain Goodwin, to furnish you copies of the orders he received on this subject, and if they are such as I suppose them to be please require him to explain why they were not carried out. Heretofore he has supplied about 12,000 to 15,000 gallons per week; he proposes in future to double the quantity. Please require him to explain why has not furnished this larger quantity in the past.

Much sickness has prevailed among the prisoners of war at Point Lookout owing to the impure water they have been obliged to use, and if there has been any neglect in making full use of the means which have been furnished for abating the evil it should be known.

His reports are very brief, and there is nothing in them that could not have been made as well on the day they were called for, the 17th of September, as on the 25th of that month and the 6th of this month.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

Weekly report of the condition of the military prisons of Saint Louis, Mo., October 10, 1864.

Condition of Gratiot Street Prison. - Buildings, no change since last report; sinks and yards, clean; kitchens and mess-rooms, clean; cleanliness of prisoners, satisfactory; quarters and bedding, very satisfactory; hospital, in good condition.

Condition of Myrtle Street Prison. - Buildings, no change since last report; sinks and yards, satisfactory; kitchens and mess-rooms, satisfactory; cleanliness of prisoners, clean; quarters and bedding, all right.

Colonel JOSEPH DARR, Jr.,

Acting Provost-Marshal-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

COLONEL: The condition of our prisons has remained in statu quo since last report, and in view of an expected change of localities, I have suspended all the many repairs and improvements that are necessary for the winter season.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

GUST. HEINRICHS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Inspector and Superintendent of Military Prisons.

