
OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL OF PRISONERS, ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS, Rock Island, Ill., October 10, 1864.

Colonel A. J. JOHNSON,

Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the condition of the prison and prison hospital for the week ending to-day, as follows:

The streets and avenues, by constant policing, are clean and free from all filth. The buildings, being well ventilated, are in a healthy condition. The kitchens are in excellent order. The clothing and bedding of the prisoners, by frequent washing and airing, are clean and comfortable. No change of importance since report.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CARAHER,

Lieutenant Colonel Fourth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps,

Provost-Marshal of Prisoners.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ROCK ISLAND BARRACKS, Rock Island, Ill., October 14, 1864.

Approved and respectfully forwarded to Colonel William Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

A. J. JOHNSON,Colonel, Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Post.

[OCTOBER 10, 1864. - For Foster to Jones, reporting delivery of packages to Confederate prisoners, see Series, I, Vol. XXXV., Part II, p. 312.]

HEADQUARTERS POST, Richmond, October 10, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

SIR: I have the honor to request that I be relieved from the duties devolved upon me by Special Orders, No. 175, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office. I find that I am unequal to a proper administration of affairs relating to Federal prisoners scattered over the country between this place and the Savannah River in addition to the duties properly belonging to the command of this post. I cannot keep myself acquainted with the condition of prisoners remote from this place. Movements are made without my knowledge. No doubt such movements are made necessary by the exigencies of the times. I am not and have not been able to impart information of condition of prisoners if called upon by the Government. I learned by a paper referred to me by the Secretary of War two days ago that there were a large number of prisoners at Florence, S. C. I had received no previous intimation that prisoners had been sent there.

This application is made with no wish to give trouble or to escape my full share of duty, but from a sincere conviction that I am unable to do the Government, the prisoners, and myself justice.

I would respectfully suggest that some officer should be placed in sole control of this branch of service - an officer who could visit in person the various prisons. The proper discharge of the duties of such a position would require all the attention of a very capable man. I am

