
unable to do this. I am now so lame from my recent inspection tour in North Carolina that I am compelled to resume my crutches. I assure you that the condition of prisoners requires the attention of an active, capable, and energetic commanding and administrative officer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. M. GARDNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

[First indorsement.]

OCTOBER 10, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War for his consideration.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Second indorsement.]

OCTOBER 11, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Can you suggest a proper officer to relieve General Gardner? The duties of this post are probably fully sufficient for him in his present condition.

J. A. S.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 269. Washington, October 11, 1864.

Money and property taken from political prisoners and prisoners of war.

I. The attention of officers and agents of the Government receiving Confederate bills, notes, or bonds, with a view to transmitting the same to the Adjutant-General of the Army, under General Orders, Numbers 89, current series, is invited to paragraph 746, General Army Regulations, and paragraphs 38 and 72 of General Orders, No. 100, of 1863.

II. The legitimate funds of the United States belonging to prisoners of war, and political or state prisoners, deceased, or funds accruing from the sale of their effects, will be turned over to commands, and be credited to the prison fund, in accordance with the regulations of the War Department promulgated in the circular dated office of the Commissary-General of Prisoners, April 20, 1864.

III. All funds not current in the loyal States, and those mentioned in General Orders, No. 89, current series, belonging to deceased prisoners, and all money or other valuables, such as bills, notes, bonds, shares in bank, railroad, and other stock, watches, jewelry, &amp;c., found in deserted places, or belonging to unknown persons and escaped prisoners, will be transmitted to the Adjutant-General of the Army, with the specified statement required by General Orders, No. 89, of 1864.

IV. In cases where it is probable that money or other valuables, such as bills, notes, bonds, shares in bank, railroad, or other stock, watches, jewelry, &c., found upon the persons of prisoners of war, and political or state prisoners, are public property, the same will be transmitted to the Adjutant-General of the Army; but in cases where it is evident that such articles are the private property of persons in arrest or confinement, the same will be so controlled as to prevent the circulation of the funds of disloyal States in the loyal States. The funds of the United States Government, or of the loyal States, and the watches, jewelry, &c., belonging to such persons may be expended for their

