
home on parole, placing us under an obligation to respect the parole, which he would at once assume and abide by. But you will doubtless take some proper and practical view of the subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. MILITARY PRISON, Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind., October 11, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit herewith report of Lieutenant J. W. Davidson, Veteran Reserve Corps, inspector of the camp, for the week ending October 8, 1864. I would also respectfully state that the clothing for issue to destitute prisoners has all arrived and is being issued as fast, as actual cases of necessity are discovered. The two hospital wards are progressing favorably to completion and will be finished this week, when I will report the cost.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. STEVENS,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding Camp Morton.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. MILITARY PRISON, Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind., October 9, 1864.

Colonel A. A. STEVENS,Commanding Camp Morton, Indianapolis, Ind.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to that during the week ending October 8, 1864, this camp was kept thoroughly policed and the general health of the prisoners confined in the camp is being daily improved by compelling them to keep themselves and clothing thoroughly cleansed. Clothing has been received and is being issued daily to those that are destitute and have not the means of clothing themselves. The rations issued during the week have been strictly in compliance with orders, and potatoes have been issued every day during the week at the rate of eight ounces to each man.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

First Lieutenant, Veteran Reserve Corps, and Inspector.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, October 12, 1864 - 1. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point, Va.:

I send by orderly copies of correspondence between myself and Mr. Ould. I also inclose the affidavits* upon which my action is based. The notification to Mr. Ould of my action will actually get to him before it is consummated. I think you will agree with me that the evidence is conclusive. You will find a copy of the advertisement of which I speak in one of my letters in the Richmond Examiner which I sent you yesterday.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Embodied in Butler to Ould, p. 967.

---------------

