
include 807 men who have taken the oath of allegiance and enlisted in the service of the Confederate States. The stockade with platform for artillery at each angle will be finished in about one week. With proper vigilance on the part of sentinels the prison will be secure.

The condition of these prisoners has not been much misrepresented. The great majority of them look emaciated and sickly and are full of vermin, and filthy in the extreme. Three-fourths of them are without blankets and almost without clothing. Few have a change of underclothing. As a consequence, there is a great deal of suffering these cool nights and much additional sickness must follow. Most of them have erected temporary shelters, which will protect them to some extent from rain and dew until better shelters can be constructed. The principal diseases are scurvy and diarrhea, which carry off from twenty to fifty per day. The present sick-list is 785. The hospitals are made of the boughs of trees, are of temporary character, and will afford every little protection from rain. There has been very great want of medical attention; there is only one medical officer assigned them, whereas I am told ten are required for that number of men.

The present ration issued, as fixed by the Commissary-General for all prisoners of war, is one and one-fourth pounds of meal, or its equivalent in peas and rice, and three gills of molasses. The commissary tells me he has been unable to furnish all the ration of molasses. Regulations are in force for the proper distribution of the ration to the men. The above shows, in a few words, the general condition of the prisoners.

For the improvement of their condition I would make the following suggestions:

First. The Federal authorities should be informed of the condition of their men in regard to clothing and blankets, and they be requested to supply this very urgent demand. I understand there are 5,000 suits now in Charleston for them, but none have yet been received. They should receive at least one blanket and one suit of clothes for each man.

Second. The requisite amount of medical officers and medical supplies should be at once furnished - say nine additional surgeons with proper supplies of medicine.

Third. There is an entire want of cooking utensils, which should at once be supplied. They have not sufficient utensils with which to draw their rations.

Fourth. Shelters of a permanent character should be at once constructed. Sawed lumber, I understand, cannot be had in time. As a substitute, I have directed Colonel Harrison to construct shelters out of clapboards, and by a plan that will economize room. This work can be done in a short space of time and altogether by the prisoners. The only tools required will be 200 axes and about 50 froes. Shelters on this plan can be erected before cold or inclement weather sets in.

The quartermaster's department is very deficient in supplies. Eight or ten wagons are urgently required for hauling wood and supplies for the post.

The garrison of this post consists of five battalions of "reserve troops" (about 1,200 effective men), the Fifth Georgia Regiment, detachments from artillery companies stationed around Charleston, and one small company of cavalry; in all, about 1,600 effective men. There is also one battery of light artillery. The artillery detachments have been ordered back to their commands. I think the Fifth Georgia Regiment should remain a short time until he "reserve forces" can be somewhat instructed in guard duty; they are as yet very badly instructed.

