
I to-day inspected the recruits to our service from the Yankee prisoners. They are mostly foreigners, and are generally good-looking men, and I doubt not will make good soldiers. They are woefully destitute in clothing and blankets, and their wants should be at once supplied. I recommend that they at once be placed in the field, either as an organization or scattered in old commands. I understand several hundred more foreigners can be enlisted, and if you will take Western men 1,500 or 2,000 more can be enlisted. About fifty of those already enlisted are old gunners and seamen, and are anxious to go in the Navy. I recommend that they be allowed to do so. I inclose a list of mechanics among the "recruits. "

Respectfully submitted.

W. D. PICKETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Inspector-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, Charleston, S. C., October 15, 1864.

The attention of the Department is respectfully to the within report from Lieutenant-Colonel Pickett on the condition of the Federal prisoners at Florence. It will be seen that 1,500 to 2,000 additional recruits can be obtained by enlisting Western men.

Additional surgeons are now at Florence, and everything in my power will be done to alleviate the condition of Yankees in my possession.

W. J. HARDEE,Lieutenant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, October 24, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

Under irresponsibility, which seems to prevail respecting the Yankee prisoners, humanity and the good name of the Confederacy suffer. Unless one head controls the whole prison system proper information respecting them cannot be obtained or measures requisite for their security with living comfort be adopted. General Gardner can give no information with regard to them, individually or collectively, as he cannot command returns from the different prisons. If a commissary-general of prisoners is appointed, as necessity seems to urge, General Mansfield Lovell would fill the duties satisfactorily.

By order of General Cooper:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Third indorsement.]

OCTOBER 29, 1864.

Mr. S[HEPHERD]:

Make extracts of the various portions of this report applicable to the different bureaus, with instructions to take immediate measures to alleviate the suffering stated.

J. A. S.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS POST, No. 76. Richmond, Va., October 12, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

IV. Major Mason Morfit is relieved from command at Danville, Va., and hereby assigned to duty as Salisbury, N. C., as prison quarter-

