
master. He is charged with supplying quarters and stores, and other duties pertaining to his department, solely for the prisoners.

All his supplies will be drawn upon requisitions from the post quartermaster, and he will enter into no contract and erect no buildings duties are distinct from those of post quartermaster, and he is not to make payments to officers, troops, nor supply the guard, and his disbursements and issues will be confined to those actually needed for the prisons and prisoners, and be upon requisitions of commandant of the prison post.

He will establish shops for manufacturing such articles as may be needed for the service, and can be produced economically by prison labor.

His first duty will be to provide suitable quarters for the accommodation of the prisoners. Major Morfit will turn over to Captain A. M. Braxton, by whom he will be relieved, all prison property that he will not needed at Salisbury.

By order Brigadier General W. M. Gardner:

GARTNETT ANDREWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. POST RICHMOND AND C. S. MILITARY PRISONS, October 12, 1864.

His Excellency M. L. BONHAM,Governor of the State of South Carolina:

SIR: Your communication to the Secretary of War of the 6th instant, protesting against the erection of a military prison at Columbia, has been referred to me by him for consideration, with instructions to write you a letter "explaining fully the grounds of my selection of that place. "

On the 10th instant a similar protest from yourself was also referred to me by him, accompanying one from Mr. Hampton, on whose land a site for the prison has been selected. I transmitted both to Captain Hayden, the engineer officer, who has charge of its construction, with directions to investigate the matter, and authorized him to change the location (if it seemed proper to do so) to any point convenient to railroad communication within thirty miles of the city.

I have the honor to request that you will see that officer and confer with him. I will consent to locating the prison at any safe and convenient point in the State upon which you and he may agree, making it a condition that you will render him every assistance in your power, as Governor of the State, to accomplish a speedy completion of the work. This is necessary, because a removal will delay proceedings and there exists now the greatest need of the establishment. I have had to contend against so many difficulties which have prevented a commencement of the work that I do not feel warranted in taking course that all still further embarrass the business.

As to the prison at Florence, I know nothing of it. The prisoners are sent there without my knowledge and have never been reported to me.

I have the honor to, be with great respect, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

W. M. GARDNER,

Brigadier-General.

