
[Ninth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FLORENCE MILITARY PRISON, December 17, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

Howard visited Florence when necessity forced the removal of prisoners here without any preparation whatever being made for their proper care of for subsistence. In my opinion, if one of those ominous O. B. 's was sent him to report to the front, there would be no danger of his exciting the nerves of ladies, and it might perhaps do the service some good. Mrs. Dismukes may rest easy and quiet in reference to the treatment of prisoners at this prison, for since I assumed command (the 10th of October, 1864) the deaths have decreased from thirty-five to forty per day to one single demise, which may hospital and sexton's report shows for the last twenty-four hours. I call attention to the fact that the prisoners were all brought here from other prisons, and solicit inquiry as to their improvement or still further degradation, and challenge any prison in the Confederacy, taking everything in consideration, for health, cleanliness, neat-looking prisoners, neat burial grounds, &amp;c. They are given everything the Government issues to them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO. F. IVERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Tenth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS POST, Richmond, January 6, 1865.

Respectfully returned to Adjutant and Inspector General.

Attention invited to indorsement of Lieutenant-Colonel Iverson.

W. M. GARDNER,Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., October 13, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, U. S. Army,

Chief of Staff Armies of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of September 30 in reply to my confidential letters of the 25th and 26th ultimo in regard to the exchange of prisoners.

In reply I have to state that the instructions of Lieutenant-general Grant conveyed to me in your letter will be fully complied with.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., October 13, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, U. S. Army,Chief of Staff Armies of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 5th instant in relation to paroled officers being sent North.

In reply I have to state that the instructions of the Honorable Secretary of War will be fully carried out by me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

