
OFFICE EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS, Mobile, October 13, 1864.

Colonel C. C. DWIGHT,

Agent of Exchange, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 30th ultimo. I regret that we cannot accomplish any further exchanges than those already agreed upon.

Not knowing what disposition you will make of the prisoners captured at Fort Morgan, I have the honor to request that all letters and packages which I may send you for them be forwarded to them if they are moved away from New Orleans. If this does not meet with the approval of General Canby, may I ask you advise me thereof as soon as convenient, as I will probably forward a number of parcels for those prisoners in a very few days.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. R. CURELL,

Agent and Assistant Commissioner of Exchange.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 13, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the South, Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: Inquiry is frequently made of me to know what articles may be sent to rebel prisoners of war who are in our hands at Charleston, and to determine the question I am authorized by the War Department to refer the matter to you.

Whatever not contraband the rebel authorities will permit the friends at home of Federal prisoners in their hands to send to them, the same will be allowed to be sent to the rebel prisoners we hold by their friends within the rebel States; and if they will permit parties living within their lines to send money, clothing, or other articles to the prisoners they hold in Charleston, the same privilege will be granted to parties at the North who may wish to contribute to the necessities of prisoners in your hands near Charleston.

Please inform me if the above propositions are accepted by the general commanding in Charleston; and if so, what facilities there are for forwarding parcels or letters from Charleston to prisoners in the interior.

It is expected that steamers will leave in a few days [to] bring home from Charleston or Savannah the sick and wounded prisoners held in that part of the South by the rebels. If the understanding is fully carried out there will be few prisoners left in their hands, for their barbarous treatment of them has scarcely left a well man among them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., October 13, 1864.

Major General J. G. FOSTER, Commanding U. S. Forces:

GENERAL: You were informed in a communication addressed to you by Major-General Jones, then in command of this department, that the Federal prisoners of war at that time in Charleston might be removed to other localities.

It is proper to say that as these prisoners were not sent to Charleston to be placed under the fire of your batteries they have all been removed

