
from the city. It is hoped the communication of this fact will cause the removal of the Confederate prisoners of war from Morris Island to a place of greater security.

I propose, in the interest of humanity, to make an exchange of all prisoners of far in your possession, man for man, officer for officer, or their equivalents; or, if this be too general, to exchange the men and officers captured in our respective departments, as has been recently done by Generals Hood and Sherman.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST AND C. S. MILITARY PRISONS, Richmond, October 13, 1864.

Major ISAAC H. CARRINGTON, Provost-Marshal:

MAJOR: The Secretary of War informs General Gardner that many of the Yankee prisoners recently sent to Salisbury went away without rations and were without food for three days. He desires that you will inquire into the matter and report the facts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,GARNETT ANDREWS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]

OCTOBER 13, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major Turner for report.

IS. H. CARRINGTON,

Provost-Marshal.

[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE C. S. MILITARY PRISONS, Richmond, Va., October 13, 1864.

Respectfully returned to headquarters.

The report made to the Honorable Secretary of War of prisoners being sent off without rations is without foundation in fact.

The superintendent of the Danville railroad reported to the provost-marshal that the prisoners would be sent through in twenty-four hours, but, fearing some delay, I ordered two days' rations to be issued to each batch of prisoners at the hour of departure. My orders for the same are on file with the commissary. I know of my own personal knowledge that the rations were issued.

TH. TURNER,

Major, &amp;c.

[Third indorsement.]

OCTOBER 14, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, calling attention to indorsement of Major Turner.

IS. H. CARRINGTON,

Provost-Marshal.

[Fourth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS POST AND MILITARY PRISONS, Richmond, October 14, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Adjutant and Inspector General for the information of the Secretary of War.

W. M. GARDNER,Brigadier-General.

