
[Fifth indorsement.]

OCTOBER 19, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

By order:

JOHN W. RIELY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, October 14, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

Has any agreement been entered into for the exchange of the naval prisoners now in the river? I wold like to get them off our hands if possible.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, October 14, 1864.

Lieutenant Gent. U. S. GRANT,Commanding Armies of the United States, City Point, Va.:

No agreement has yet been made. Major Mulford is now out, meeting Mr. Ould.

BENJ. F. BUTLER.

WASHINGTON, October 14, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

The exchange of the Federal officers delivered at Charleston August 3 was announced in orders September 12, 1864. I will send you the order.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., October 14, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: On the - th ultimo I addressed a note to Major Mulford, conveying the authority of the Secretary of War for the exchange of Lieutenant Markbreit, naming three rebel officers of his rank, either of whom were to be delivered for Lieutenant Markbreit. I have no information that the exchange has been effected; and the Secretary of War now directs me to say that you can propose for the exchange of Lieutenant Markbreit to deliver any officer of his grade in our hands who may be designated by the rebel commissioner for him. This proposal to extend to the individual officer for whom, in alleged retaliation, Lieutenant Markbreit was placed in cell confinement. For your personal information, I feel at liberty to advise you that the President takes a special interest in this case and desires that the exchange may be accomplished.

I desire to say that in addressing Colonel Mulford, as I have in several instances heretofore, I have regarded him as you staff officer in the department in which he is acting, without supposing in any case his independence, but that he would act in all cases under your

