
instructions, general or special. I think I fell into this habit during your absence in New York some weeks since.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

OFFICE AGENT OF EXCHANGE, HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, New Orleans, La., October 14, 1864.

Major-General CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: At your request, I have the honor to submit the following report regarding certain officers and men of our army paroled at Red River Landing June 16, 1864, of whom inquiry is made by Colonel William Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, in his letter of the 21st ultimo. These prisoners were the wounded of the Red River campaign who had been left in the hands of the enemy. They, to the number of about 360 officers and men, equivalent to 531 privates, were delivered to me on parole at Red River Landing, La., June 17, 1864. Upon their arrival in this city they were, by direction of Major-General Banks, turned over to the charge of the provost-marshal of the parish of Orleans. Those who required hospital treatment were sent to the hospitals. Others to the enlisted men were sent to Parole Camp, at Lake End, on Lake Pountchartrain. Nearly all of the officers obtained leaves of absence and many of the men were furloughed. I inclose herewith two lists* furnished me from department headquarters which purport to contain the names of all of these officers and men who have received leaves of absence or furloughs; also a copy of General Orders, No. 107,. headquarters Department of the Gulf, August 4, 1864,+ declaring exchanged five of the officers and sixth-one of the enlisted men mentioned, in accordance with an arrangement between myself and the rebel agent of exchange, made July 22, 1864. The officers and men named in this order are the only ones of those paroled at Red River Landing who have been exchanged to this time.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES C. DWIGHT,

Colonel and Agent of Exchange.

OFFICE OF ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER, Point Lookout, Md., October 14, 1864.

Brigadier General J. BARNES,

Commanding District of Saint Mary's, Md.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of a communication received from Colonel W. Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners, dated October 6, and in reply to make the following statement: No orders were ever received by me to furnish any certain quantity of water for use of prisoners of war at this post. The only communication received on the subject was a telegram from Brigadier General D. H. Rucker (dated July 6), which read as follows:

Captain Allen, assistant quartermaster, has sent you the propeller Albany, with casks, &amp;c., to enable you to provide a supply of fresh water for your post. Let me know if she will answer the purpose sand whether it will be necessary to make any more arrangements.

---------------

*Omitted.

+See p. 539.

---------------

