
Immediately on the receipt of the above I consulted with Doctor Thompson, surgeon in charge of the prisoners' camp, informing him of the quantity of water the said steamer could furnish. Doctor Thompson stated that she could bring all the water he would require, as the wells would supply the cook-houses. This reply I telegraphed to General Rucker. A short time afterward the propelled J. S. I took the place of the Albany. Neither of these steamers reported to me for any orders. The J. S. Ide has been and now is performing this service under orders from Captain E. S. Allen, assistant quartermaster, at Washington, D. C. She has on two occasions been absent for repairs, when the steam-gut Commodore Foote took her place as far as possible, the tug being in service at this point conveying mails, freight, passengers, &amp;c., to and from the Bay Line boats. On one occasion only have I been notified that the supply of water was insufficient, and then it was through the negligence of the wagon master, he having omitted to send the water up to the camp, which omission was immediately rectified. The steam-tug Commodore Foote has been sent to Philadelphia for repairs, and having none in use to meet the mail steamer, the steamer J. Johnson, on the return of the tug I can use her, if necessary, for the purpose of supplying this post with fresh water.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. E. GOODWIN,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SAINT MARY'S, Point Lookout, October 17, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

I send this as the reply of Captain Goodwin to your communication to me as to the orders he received from General Rucker. The information as to the weekly supply is not more definite than before given by him, and it appears to be impracticable to make it so, as he stated, from the irregularity of the service, the boats not being under his orders. Neither can I form a definite opinion as to the quantity the department may henceforward be able to furnish, nor is it easy to determine precisely how much will be absolutely required. The experiment Doctor Thompson has been making by digging new wells within the camp appears to be satisfactory. Three wells have been dug an the water is so far very good. He proposes to dig twelve wells, each of which will furnish 500 gallons per day. The steamer Ide will bring this week, say, 20,000 gallons. The Commodore Foote is expected daily and she will bring as much more, as I am informed by Captain Goodwin. This is the present state of the water question. I have directed Captain Goodwin, to make weekly reports of the quantity of the water furnished, and I hope this will prevent any confusion in this matter hereafter.

JAMES BARNES,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., October 14, 1864.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that you open a telegraphic communication with Major-General Dix on the subject, and if Fort Warren,

