
all, since General Jones broke up my establishment, but I have recently heard unofficially that some of General Winder's prisoners are there also.

I have used my best endeavors to procure accurate weekly returns from all the prisons under my charge and to have furnished monthly a list of names and rank of all commissioned officers in them, but cannot succeed on account of the many defects of the present system. Local commanders will move prisoners about and interfere in various ways, so as to baffle all efforts to secure harmony and method. I am constantly called on by the Bureau of Exchange for information concerning individual prisoners. As matters now stand I have to write to the various prison posts scattered over the country, and as often as otherwise find, after much delay, that the person is in General Winder's jurisdiction. Then the Bureau must apply to him, and you can see for yourself the time that must thus be consumed.

Again, when prisoners are captured their private property is taken from them at the first establishment in which they are confined and turned over to a quartermaster. The careless manner in which they are now moved about causes them to get separated from thee effects, which makes endless difficulties and confusion in the settlement of their accounts; and very frequently they are exchanged without having their valuables returned to them.

I can see but one way to manage the business properly, that is to make of it a separate and independent bureau, under a single officer with sufficient rank and powers to take and enforce such measures as are necessary to reduce this present chaos to order; and this officer should have no other duties to engage his time and distract his attention.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. M. GARDNER,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES CONFEDERATE STATES, October 16, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Adjutant and Inspector General.

This subject is of primary importance and I trust will be submitted to the President and definitely settled. General Gardner suggests the best, indeed the only, remedy. The serious complaints which daily reach me give force to the views herein expressed.

BRAXTON BRAGG,General.

OFFICE C. S. MILITARY PRISONS, Richmond, Va., October 14, 1864.

Captain W. H. HATCH, Assistant Agent of Exchange:

CAPTAIN: In reply to your inquiry in reference to the negro soldiers in my custody, I have the honor to make the following report:

One hundred and forty-eight prisoners of this class have been delivered at the prison under my charge, and this number includes all that ever have been received here. They belong to the Fifth, Seventh, and Thirtieth U. S. Colored Troops; were dressed in Federal uniform, and reported as having been captured in arms. Twelve of these prisoners have died in hospital since their capture, and fifty-four are now in hospital sick or wounded.

