
The remainder, eighty-two, were delivered to Captain Callahan, C. S. Army, on the 6th instant, upon order from Lieutenant-General Ewell (a copy of which I herewith inclose), "for work on fortifications. "

These negroes were well clad, provided with a day's rations, and seemed pleased at being released from prison to be put to work.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

TH. P. TURNER,

Major, Commanding.

P. S. - I learn from Castle Thunder, which is not under my charge, that sixty-eight negro soldiers were sent to the works on the 2nd instant. These negroes were captured at Petersburg July 30, 1864. Eleven of them are free; the rest are slaves.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF RICHMOND, Richmond, Va., October 5, 1864.

Major I. H. CARRINGTON, Provost-Marshal.

MAJOR: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that the negroes at Libby Prison, mentioned with communication of yesterday, be turned over to Brigadier-General Barton for work on the fortifications. General Barton has been directed to send a guard for them.

Respectfully,T. O. CHESTNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 5, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major Turner, commanding C. S. military prisons, who will deliver the negroes when called for by the guard of General Barton. They will include all negroes on hand not employed about the prison.

I. H. CARRINGTON,

Provost-Marshal.

HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, October 15, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

GENERAL: A communication signed Robert Ould, agent of exchange, dated October 7 instant, mailed at Fortress Monroe, and addressed to me, is herewith referred to you, together with a paper that accompanied it, bearing the same signature, dated October 6 and addressed to Major John E. Mulford, assistant agent of exchange. * You are authorized and instructed to take such action in reference to said papers and the subject-matter to which they relate as you may deem best adapted to the relief of our soldiers held as prisoners by the rebels. You are also authorized to take any steps that you may deem proper to effect the release and exchange of our soldiers and all loyal persons held as prisoners by the rebel authorities. It is the desire of the President that no effort consistent with national safety and honor be spared to effect the prompt release of all soldiers and loyal persons in captivity

---------------

*See pp. 929, 926, respectively.

---------------

