
to the rebels as prisoners of war or an any other grounds, and the subject is committed to you with full authority to act in the premises as you shall deem right and proper.

By order of the President:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, October 15, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

General Dix, in New York, request that no more released rebel prisoners and deserters be allowed to go North till after November 8, as they are all in favor of a cessation of hostilities.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., October 15, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

I think it advisable whilst Major Mulford is here to get the naval prisoners on hand through the lines. The points of difference may serve a good purpose hereafter.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, In the Field, October 15, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,Commanding U. S. Armies, City Point, Va.:

The proposition for exchange of naval prisoners is accepted by the rebels. I have just returned from a ride.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 15, 1864.

Colonel B. F. TRACY,

Commanding Depot of Prisoners of War, Elmira, N. Y.:

COLONEL: You will take immediate measures to erect barracks for the depot guard, say two regiments with the complement of officers. A building of the style directed for the prisoners, 160 feet long, will furnish quarters for two companies of eighty-four men each, giving each a room of 60 feet, and a kitchen of 20 feet long, breadth 22 or 24 feet, according to length of lumber. Barracks for officers should be built in blocks for the officers of three or four companies together, located near the companies, rooms not to exceed 12 by 15 feet, two to a company, and a kitchen to each block.

The lumber and other materials and the hire of workmen will, as far as practicable, be paid for out of the prison fund in the same manner as for prisoners' barracks. Should the fund be insufficient for the purpose, you will direct the quartermaster to make an estimate for what may be necessary to supply the deficiencies. The barracks will be built after the style of those directed for the prisoners, and in every

