
way the closest economy will be studied. No plastering will be done except to fill up opening on the inside with clay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Hilton Head, S. C., October 15, 1864.

Lieutenant General W. J. HARDEE,Commanding Confederate Forces, Dept. of S. C., Ga., and Fla.:

GENERAL: It having been unofficially reported to me that the Union offices and soldiers prisoners of war recently under our fire in Charleston have been removed to another location, I have the honor to request that you will communicate to me any change which has been made in their condition or locality, as in either of which cases the Confederate prisoners of war placed by the Government in my custody for retaliation will receive corresponding change of treatment from me.

I have the honor, general, to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., October 15, 1864.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith copies of two communications,* with inclosures, addressed by Benj. F. Butler, major-general of the Federal Army and commissioner of exchange, to Hon. Robert Ould, agent of exchange of the Confederate States, informing him of cruel and degrading treatment to which he (General Butler) has subjected certain of our prisoners in his hands, in the inauguration of a system of retaliation for the course pursued by our Government in reference to certain in colored soldiers of the Federal Army, ascertained to be recaptured slaves and treated as such. These letters, while presenting issues of the greatest gravity to our Government, are likewise attended with a preliminary embarrassment, resulting from the character and position of the writer. Having been outlawed by a proclamation of the President, the Confederate Government has refused to recognize or hold intercourse with him as commissioner of exchange, and no answer to his letters directly to him can therefore be returned. In view both of the fact and the character and consequences of the barbarous course he announces as being pursued by him, the President, after advisement, has instructed me to communicate the letters to you and request that, in your character of commander of the Army of the Northern Virginia, you will address Lieutenant-General Grant, commanding all the Federal forces in Virginia, and the known superior of Major-General Butler, to ascertain whether the barbarous and unjustifiable course pursued toward our prisoners of war has his sanction and will be maintained in view of the painful consequences likely to ensue.

---------------

*See October 12, pp. 969,970.

---------------

