
unhappy prisoners on both sides and outrages against humanity may ensue. The dishonor and responsibility of all ensuing atrocities must rest on the Government that on baseless pretenses, "inaugurates" deliberately a system of retaliation.

If, as is to be apprehended, the answer of General Grant should prove unsatisfactory and sustain the action of General Butler, I am further instructed to request that you will them summon, as was done by General Washington on a somewhat analogous occasion, your general officers to a council and ascertain what course of action by their Government would be advised by them and approved by the army. As our soldiers and their captive comrade are those primarily and most deeply affected by the course of action to be taken, it is both just and wise that their sentiments and opinions should be known and respected I need not add the assurance of the repugnance and pain with which every member of the Government shrinks from a rivalry of cruelty with an inhuman foe. It is only to be contemplated as a stern necessity, which may God avert!

With assurances of high respect and esteem, I am, very truly, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP LAWTON, GA., October 15, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I arrived here on the 11th instant. The stockade is completed; the prisoners from Savannah are all here except the very sick. Seven hundred sick, many of them in a dying condition and one dead, were sent before any hospital accommodations were completed. We are pushing forward the hospital with all possible dispatch. Will probably have one ward finished to-day. We can with great convenience accommodate 32,000 prisoners, and could without inconvenience increase it to 40,000.

I am obliged again to speak on the subject of troops for guard. I have here two regiments - First and Second Georgia Reserves. They are the most unreliable and disorganized set I have ever seen. They plunder in every direction and are creating a very bitter feeling against the Government. It is impossible to prevent it or identify them, as the officers will not exercise any authority, and some of them even encourage it.

If they could be substituted by the Second Regiment Georgia State Troops, raised in this and the adjoining counties, it would be a great benefit to the country. The First and Second Reserves should be where there are other troops to control them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO. H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, October 21, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to Secretary of War.

By order:

JOHN W. RIELY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

63 R R-SERIES II, VOL VII

