
[Second indorsement.]

OCTOBER 26, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Where are the Second Georgia State Troops serving? Inquire of the commander if the exchange cannot be made.

J. A. S.

[Third indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, November 12, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

On the 30th of August, 1864, by last returns, the Second Regiment Georgia State Troops (militia) was under General G. W. Smith, at August, Ga.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ANDERSON, [TEX.,] October 15, 1864.

Lieutenant BRASHEAR, Commanding Provost Guard, Millican:

They yellow fever having broken out amongst the prisoners, it is necessary in order to prevent its spreading to the guard and prisoners to scatter them into the country at points not too far from the railroad. You will therefore divide the prisoners, into squads of from eight to ten, sending a sufficient guard with each squad, and retain a guard of sufficient strength (from fifteen to twenty-five) to guard the worst class of prisoners, and such as may be acclimated, at Millican. You will remain at Millican yourself, as I am told you have had the yellow fever, and do everything in your power to make the condition of the sick as comfortable as possible. To effect this, you are hereby authorized to impress cotton to make mattresses and bedding for the sick, as well as anything else necessary for their comfort, observing the provisions of the impressment law.

As soon as these different parties locate themselves, direct the officer in charge of each to inform you of their localities, so that you can communicate with them when necessary. Doctor Cade has been ordered to remain at Millican.

J. G. WALKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP DOUGLAS, Chicago, Ill., October 16, 1864.

Captain E. R. P. SHURLY, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: In obedience to Special Orders, No. 317, dated headquarters post, Chicago, Ill., August 22, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report: The prisoners' camp is in a clean, healthy condition. No rubbish, dirt, or filth of any kind is allowed to accumulate. The streets are swept daily. Repairs are still in progress on some of the barracks; also new ones are being erected, which produces a scattering of building materials, which detracts somewhat from the usual neat appearance of the camp. The chimneys are completed. The cold nights that we have now render it necessary to have the barracks supplied with stoves and fuel. The barracks are generally well policed; the floors are sanded every morning and dry rubbed. The kitchens are in

