
the best of order; their dishes, cooking utensils, and tables are scoured daily. Most of the prisoners wash their underclothing once a week. The supply of water is somewhat limited. I think if they had less trouble in obtaining water their personal appearance would be somewhat improved. With few exceptions the supply of clothing and blankets is sufficient for present use. The messes are well prepared. The sinks cleaned daily. The hospitals are in fair condition, and the tables seem well supplied with wholesome food for sick men.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. BRIGGS,

First Lieutenant, Eight Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps,

Special Inspector Camp Douglas.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, JOHNSON'S ISLAND AND SANDUSKY, Johnson's Island, Ohio, October 16, 1864.

Captain J. F. HUNTINGTON, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Below I have the honor to submit my Sunday morning report of the condition of the prison and prisoners: The police of the prison for the past week has been very much improved. The police of the quarters continues good. The chimneys of the buildings that were injured by the late storm have been put in good repair again. The sinks are in a fair condition. The different roads and walks are being graveled as fast as possible, but the supply of that material is nearly exhausted. There is still quite a deficiency in the number of stoves and stovepipe required for the prison, but the quartermaster informs me that he is making every possible exertion to obtain them as fast as possible. I have to report the escape of one prisoner, Captain Robert C. Kennedy, First Georgia Infantry, from Company 14, Block 7. The first intimation I had of his escape was on the 14th instant, and after making diligent inquiries as to when and how he escaped, I believe said prisoner made his escape on Tuesday night, October 4, 1864, by scaling the prison fence between the block-house and Block 1. The responsibility for his absence rests I think entirely upon the roll-callers, who have reported him present at roll-call every morning since that time, thus preventing any opportunity being given for his capture. I have placed them under arrest and preferred charges against them for disobedience of orders. The sanitary condition of the prisoners is as follows: Whole number of prisoners, 2,600; whole number in hospital, 56; deaths since last report, 0.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,THOS. H. LINNELL,

Major 128th Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Superintendent of Prison.

[First indorsement.]

HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, JOHNSON'S ISLAND AND SANDUSKY, Johnson's Island, Ohio, October 18, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel William Hoffman, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

The condition I have been in presented to me the alternative to forward this report without the opportunity to consider its facts properly or to retain it until I could look into them. I deemed the latter course

