
the proper one. I approve of the conclusions of the report except as to its general accusation against the roll callers of Company 14. As through an investigation as has been practicable thus far clearly exonerates Sergeant Hewitt, one of the men arrested. He was absent from the 1st to the 8th of October on furlough. Clark, the other party arrested, who as Hewitt's assistant and who called the roll of Company 14 in his absence, says that he was told in the superintendent's office to drop the names of prisoners just sent away; that among others he dropped the same of one Smith, understanding that he had been sent away; that on Hewitt's return on the 8th instant he reported these facts to Hewitt and delivered the roll of Company 14 to him with Smith's name erased. It appears from both Hewitt and Clark that everything appeared to be right in the company, all of the names on the roll being regularly responded to until the 18th instant. It was rumored on the 14th instant that Kennedy had escaped, by the escape was not verified until the 15th. Smith was present all of the time and it is very fairly demonstrated, that, no having to answer to his own made, he had regularly answered to Kennedy's. Of course all of the prisoners united to conceal Kennedy's escape as long as they could. At the time and place of his scaling the fence one of the Sixth Regiment Veteran Reserve Corps seems to have been on duty. A small ducking skiff, previously supposed to have been carried off and lost by soldiers, was doubtless taken by Captain Kennedy on the night of the 5th from under Captain on the night of the 4th from under Captain Benson's window, and with the he escaped. The case of Clark and that of the sentinel will doubtless t-martial. Kennedy is in Canada.

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

OCTOBER 31, 1864.

There appears to have been carelessness somewhere in this case, the escape of a rebel captain. The man Smith, who is said to have answered to the name of Kennedy, ought to be subjected to severe punishment; at the least, a cell confinement on very low died for some time.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Third indorsement.]

OCTOBER 31, 1864.

To be returned to General Hoffman.

Approved by the Secretary of War.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

PRISON CAMP, Elmira, N. Y., October 16, 1864.

Lieutenant R. J. McKEE, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that I have made the weekly inspection of camp, in obedience to orders, and find the police of grounds, quarters, &amp;c., good. Drainage as perfect as the situation of camp will allow. During the past week over 1,200 invalid prisoners, 300 of whom were from hospital, were paroled and sent South for exchange. There are now in hospital 588 patients, and receiving medical

