
party tests. When everything is at stake, and the united power of the South alone can save us, is sad to know that men can deal in such paltry complaints, and tax their ingenuity to slander because they are offended in not getting office. I will not follow the example set me and ascribe to them bad motives, but deem it proper to say that the effect of such assaults, as far as they succeed in destroying the confidence of the people in the administration of their Government, must be to diminish our chances for triumph over the enemy, and practically to do us more harm than [if] twice the number of men I can suppose to be engaged in such work were to desert to the standard of Lincoln.

You are no doubt correct in your view of the propriety of keeping volunteers in the field, but you will not fail to perceive that when a small force is opposed to a large one the alternative is to retreat or fortify some strong position, and as did General Jackson at New Orleans, thus compensate for the want of numbers. But the strength of an army is not merely dependent on numbers. Another element is discipline and instruction. The first duty now is to increase our forces by raising troops for the war and bringing out all the private arms of the country for the public defense. If we can achieve our independence the office-seekers are welcome to the one I hold, and for which possession has brought no additional value to me than that set upon it when, before going to Montgomery, I announced my preference for the commission of a general in the Army. Accept my thanks for the kindness which you have manifested in defending me when so closely surrounded by evil reports. Without knowing what are the many things you have supposed me to have done, and which were disapproved, I venture to say, if the supposition was based upon the statements of those "reputable authors" before noticed, that I was more worthy of your defense than you believed when making it.

Very respectfully, your friend,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Raleigh, March 15, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith copies of the acts of the General Assembly of this State in regard to the term of service of twelve-months' volunteers. By the first section of the act ratified May 10, 1861, PAGE6, the term of service is "for twelve months after they shall be mustered into service. " The seventy-second section of the act ratified on the 20th day of September, makes the term twelve months "from the date of the election of field officers by the regiment. "

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. MARTIN,

Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

AN ACT to provide for the public defense.

SECTION 1. Be it enacted by the General Assembly of the State of North Carolina, and it is hereby enacted by the authority of the same, That in order to provide speedily forces to repel invasions and aid

