
the Confederate States of America in maintaining the rightful possession of every portion of territory belonging to each Southern State, and to secure the public tranquillity and independence against threatened assaults, His Excellency the Governor, by the advice of the military board, be, and he is hereby, authorized to employ the militia, military, and naval forces of this State, and to ask for and accept the services of 20,000 volunteers, who may offer their services either as cavalry, mounted riflemen, artillery, or infantry, in such proportion of these several arms as he may deem expedient, to serve for twelve months after they shall be mustered into service, unless sooner discharged, with power on the part of the Governor to increase said volunteer force to the number of 50,000, if the public exigencies demand it.

* * * * *

Read three times and ratified in General Assembly this 10th day of May, A. D. 1861.

W. T. DORTCH,

Speaker House of Commons.

HENRY T. CLARK,

Speaker Senate.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

The militia law of North Carolina, passed at the second extra session of the General Assembly, 1861.

* * * * *

SEC. 72. Said troops shall be raised by voluntary enlistment either for the war or for terms of not less than twelve months, to begin from the date of the election of field officers by the regiment: Provided, The Confederate Government continues to receive into service volunteers for a time less than the continuance of the war. And all such volunteers when tendered for service to the Governor may be accepted by him in companies, or in numbers less than a company, if he shall deem the same expedient; and when so accepted they shall be deemed in the service of the State, shall be subject to the orders of their superior officers, and to the Rules and Articles of War adopted by the Government of the Confederate States; and when received in numbers less than a company they may be consolidated as to form companies, and shall be paid from the date at which they were accepted.

* * * * *

Read three times and ratified in General Assembly this 20th day of September, A. D. 1861.

N. N. FLEMING,

Speaker of the House of Commons.

HENRY T. CLARK,

Speaker of the Senate.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Austin, March 15, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: I am this day in receipt of letters informing me that recruiting officers are issuing authority for the raising of cavalry companies so

