
adjutant-general with a muster-roll of all the men who may have enlisted at the time of leaving the State.

III. Men leaving the State singly, in squads, or in any other manner since the Governor's proclamation of February 26, 1862, without reporting to their brigadier-general, deprive the State of the credit to which she is entitled, diminish its strengths, and by this course will force upon the Executive the necessity for a draft, the very apprehension of which is so repugnant to a Texan. All those volunteering for a term less than three years or the war are nevertheless liable to be drafted; and any one so drafted with according to law, unless he shall furnish this office with the evidence of his having joined some company for the war.

IV. The general commanding the Department of Texas has been ordered by the War Department to receive no troops except for the term of three years or for the war.

V. As this requisition and the requisition for fifteen regiments call for infantry, under no circumstances will cavalry be received.

By order of Governor F. R. Lubbock:

J. Y DASHIELL,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

No. 58 JERMYN STREET, LONDON,

March 15, 1862.

Major J. GORGAS,

Confederate States War Department:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform you that the owners of the Stephen Hart have taken steps for the recovery of their property which they hope will prove successful. The case is in good hands in New York, and I can confidently say that everything that can be done in the case will be properly attended to. The screw steamer Southwick is now en route to Nassau with a valuable cargo of arms and other supplies. A list of her cargo has already been forwarded to you. The steamer Minna will leave in a few days, probably on the 19th. There will be on board of this vessel for the Government 5,000 rifles, 1,500 cavalry sabers, 1,500 cavalry belts, 10,000 friction-tubes, and 500 barrels of cannon-powder. The steamer Bahama is expected to arrive to-day at Hamburg, where she will take on board the Austrian field batteries, concerning the purchase of which I have already informed the Department. This vessel has also on board four 7-inch navy guns and a quantity of shells, which, in the absence of Captain Bulloch, I directed to be sent to Nassau with a view to their being transferred to another vessel if opportunity should offer. Since disposing of these guns in this manner Captain Bulloch has arrived and has taken charge of the vessel for which these guns were intended. He has not seen fit to change the destination of the guns, and they will accordingly be forwarded with the field batteries. I regret exceedingly that there is no officer of the Navy in this country to take charge of the important shipment from Hamburg. In my last communication I stated that I should consider it my duty to go in the Bahama myself in case no officer arrived in the meantime. But after conferring with Captain Bulloch and considering the whole matter, I have come to the determination that it would not be proper for me to leave this country for

