
I shall continue my remittances by every favorable opportunity, but shall probably not send them otherwise than in cash, as we prefer leaving to the merchants the very large profits made from shipping produce, being desirous of satisfying your Government and people of the folly of allowing their trade to be cut off from a country capable of furnishing such rich fruits to commercial enterprise. Our demands for supplies from England will continue quite large, and we trust you may find your connection with our young Government equally profitable and agreeable.

I am, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

[MARCH 19, 1862. -For Price to Benjamin, in relation to organization of troops in Missouri, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. VIII, p. 792.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., March 19, 1862.

Dr. R. G. BARKHAM,

Tarborough, N. C.:

SIR: Guerrilla companies are not recognized as part of the military organization of the Confederate States, and cannot be authorized by this Department.

Respectfully,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

(Same, March 20, to Captain Samuel P. Gresham, Forty-seventh Virginia Regiment, Fredericksburg, Va.)

MEMPHIS, TENN., March 19, 1862.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

As a friend and lover of the Southern Confederacy I beg to make a few suggestions. You can ascertain from Governor Harris, R. C. Brinkley, Sam. Tate, M. J. Wicks, and many others here, true to our cause, that large quantities of sugar and cotton are stored away in this city and now being removed by the order of the provost-marshal on the "Bluff" ready for destruction, if necessary. To destroy this sugar and cotton without compensation will reduce to poverty a number of good and loyal men. It should certainly be destroyed rather than fall into the hands of the Federals, but as the sacrifice would be for the public good they ought to have their pay in Confederate notes, which in this city is only worth half as much as gold; yet they would willingly taken them at par value. The probability is, without a change in the tide now against us, Memphis will soon be in the hands of the Lincolnites. With it will go a large portion of rich cotton plantations. Planters who have little, and some of them no money, are required to pay the war tax in gold, or almost its equivalent, besides all expenses. Now, in addition to this, burn their cotton, their only reliance, without paying them in Confederate notes, which they can now use, and you seriously injure many. It will throw a damper on the Confederate cause, because the burden is not equal. Meat men, corn and grain raisers, stockmen, have all been

