
paid fair prices. The cotton planter has suffered most, and ought to be relieved where his cotton is burned for the public good. He ought to have Confederate notes, which he can now use. More than three months ago, in Nashville, Tenn., I heard Colonel Wirt Adams say that Nashville had but little more protection, other than the low stage of the Cumberland River; that the fortifications at Fort Donelson were holly inadequate to resist a formidable assault. He was to me a comparative stranger, yet his remarks made upon me a deep impression, as they did upon many others. The Secretary was entirely too slow in commencing to build gun-boats, and he is now heartily cursed from one end of the country to the other. The property taken and destroyed by our enemies on the Tennessee and Cumberland would have built gun-boats sufficient to have protected all the rivers in the South. Now, should he get down the river we lose all our boats.

With high regard, respectfully submitted, in great haste, by,

J. ALEXANDER.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, VIRGINIA,

Richmond, March 19, 1862.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER,

Governor of Virginia:

SIR: In obedience to a resolution of the Huse of Delegates of the 18th instant I have the honor to report that up to this morning, inclusive, returns have been received from 408 volunteer companies of the State in the service of the Confederate States, showing an aggregate of 27,898 men, rank and file, in service when the reports were made, and requiring at that date 13,045 men to increase the number of all these companies to 100, rank and file, each. But since the passage of the acts of the 8th and 10th of February last, and especially since the proclamation calling out the militia in mass, so many have volunteered that there is a fair prospect of the deficiency being filled up without a draft, or by a comparatively small one.

It is, however, to be apprehended that the large class of persons which it has been deemed necessary to exempt from whole or partial service, with the many who have been and may be improperly exempted by the boards appointed to pass upon claims for exemption, may diminish materially the number of recruits for the volunteer force. I have no means of ascertaining what number have joined that force since the returns were made. Many companies have recruiting officers in Richmond and other places, particularly the counties and cities whence they came. At this office 345 volunteers are registered for different companies. Ninety-nine out of 198 regiments of militia of the line have made returns, many of them confused and imperfect. Corrections have been made, as far as practicable, at this office. The tabular statement which is herewith sent gives results, without names of counties and cities, which could not be included without delaying this report at least another day. The whole can be given, if required, now, or when all the returns are in. The portions of the State occupied by the enemy contain fifty-two regiments of militia of the line, from which no returns are to be expected.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. RICHARDSON,

Adjutant-General.

64 R R-SERIES IV, VOL I

