
These considerations make it imperative that all trains should be regulated in their movements and speed only by their conductors and engineers, in accordance with the regulations and time-tables of the company. All the operations of a road should be controlled by its superintendent or other authorized officer, and all orders for transportation of every kind and the movement of every train will be directed through him when the exigencies of the service demand a variation from the regular schedule. Disregard of this rule will inevitably be attended with disastrous consequences.

By order of General R. E. Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 2.Richmond, Va., March 21, 1862.

The following directions, received from the Governor of Virginia, for the recruiting of the volunteer regiments of the State now in service, are published for the information and guidance of the commanders of armies in Virginia:

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, VIRGINIA,Richmond, March 20, 1862.

Directions for executing the several laws calling out a force to fill up the volunteer companies of Virginia now in service for executing the proclamation of the Governor calling out 40,000 militia:

1. Officers commanding encampments of troops or places of rendezvous to which the militia are ordered are authorized, if a sufficient number do not volunteer to fill up the companies from Virginia now in service to 100 each, rank and file, to order a draft from the force so arriving sufficient for that purpose. As far as practicable each militiaman is to be assigned to a company from the county, city, or town from which he comes, or from the county, city, or town nearest thereto.

2. If at the time the new men are put into the old companies any man in such old company shall refuse to re-enlist such man will be entitled to his discharge when his term of service expires, and one of the new men shall be retained to take his place.

3. The men so refusing to re-enlist will be reported to the adjutant-general of the State, with their ages, residence, time of expiration of service, and the company and regiment to which they belong.

4. If the number of men constitution the militia force sent to the rendezvous under the Governor's proclamation is not sufficient to fill up the companies now in service too the prescribed standard, that fact will be reported to the adjutant-general of the State, and the number deficient will be stated to afford date for a new draft to fill up these companies.

5. Artillery companies equipped as light batteries of six pieces must not exceed 150 men, rank and file. When they contain not less than 120, rank and file, they will be entitled to an additional second lieutenant.

6. All companies except artillery companies will have each a captain and three lieutenants.

7. The term of service of militiamen, taking the place of volunteers refusing to re-enlist, or who are put into the companies to fill them up to 100 each, will be fore three years, deducting therefrom any previous terms they may have served.

8. Any militiaman before he shall be mustered into the service of the Confederate States will be allowed to furnish an able-bodied man, not liable to duty in this or another State, well clothed, as his substitute; but if a foreigner he must have declared his intention of becoming a citizen of Virginia or of the Confederate Government.

9. After the companies now in service are filled up, as hereinbefore prescribed, and when new companies are formed by consolidating remnants of companies of militia, they will be organized by being directed to elect their officers. Commandants of encampments are authorized to detail suitable officers to superintend these selections and see that they are fairly made. A majority of all the men on the roll is required to make an election. After the election of company officers

