
the superintendents of elections will report to the adjutant-general of the State the names of those elected, the arm of service, regiment, and company for which the election is made.

10. The commissioned company officers will be ordered in like manner to elect the field officers of their regiment or battalion where a battalion has not been formed into a regiment, except the battalion of the provisional army of the State, the officers of which are to be elected.

11. The field officers of a regiment are to be one colonel, one lieutenant-colonel, and one major.

12. Commandants of encampments are authorized to appoint a superintendent for the election of field officers, who will return to the adjutant-general of the State as soon as the election is made the names of the officers elected and the regiment for which elected, with the arm of service.

By command of the Governor:

WM. H. RICHARDSON,

Adjutant-General Virginia.

By order of General R. E. Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Montgomery, Ala., March 22, 1862.

General DUFF C. GREEN,

Quartermaster-General, Mobile:

GENERAL: I telegraphed you this morning, under the instructions of the Governor, to furnish no more clothing to any companies except for cash. We have been forced to adopt this rule by the difficulties the State has met with in the collections, resulting frequently from the change of stations of companies and regiments; the impossibility of obtaining the information as to the time of their payment; the impossibility of following them on pickets and outposts where companies and regiments sometimes remain a week at a time; the death, receipts, and various other causes, such as captains getting drunk and gambling off the commutation money. The again the necessity does not now exist which existed when the principle was adopted.

The Confederate Government had no clothing and our troops could not be kept in the field without a supply from some quarter, and there was no other source than the State. Now, the Confederate authorities have, as they advise us, plenty of clothing, and to-day the Governor received a letter from Mr. Benjamin saying that he would send 5,000 suits, or rather clothing, for 5,000 men for our new levies. He will be requested to send the amount required for 3,000 more. The Confederacy has a right to issue clothing in the place of the money, and if the State depended on the commutation money it might be leaning on a broken staff. The men will get their bounty money and can devote a portion of it to the purchase of clothing, and if they don't choose to do this they must look to the Confederacy to supply them, and the Confederacy is prepared with the clothing to do it. If they get the clothing from the State it must be paid for. We have $150,000 now outstanding, and shall have great trouble and loss before one-half of it is ever collected. Have written in great haste.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE GOLDTHWAITE,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Alabama.

