
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, Ga., March 22, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

DEAR SIR: I have the pleasure to inform you that in response to your requisition on Georgia for twelve additional regiments of troops she now tenders you thirteen regiments and three battalions. There are six regiments and one battalion, which will, it is believed, soon recruit to a regiment, at Camp McDonald; three regiments and a battalion and one artillery company at Camp Stephens, and four regiments and a battalion of nine companies, which will no doubt soon be filled up as a regiment, at Camp Davis. I hope in a few days to be able to report two regiments of cavalry. I tender all these troops and ask that they be accepted for three years or the war. As the State has much more than filled the requisition made upon her by you through the Secretary of War, I have a request to make on my own account and in behalf of some of these regiments. I am informed that you have authorized Colonel Cobb to increase his legion to 5,000 men, and that you will probably permit him to take part of the regiments which you demanded as the State's quota. In that case I request you to extend the same privilege to Colonel Phillips, who commands the other legion from this State known as Phillips' Legion, and that you permit him to connect with his legion such regiments as I have tendered beyond the quota which you required as desire to join his legion. I believe every intelligent Georgian acquainted with the two men will admit that it is no disparagement of Colonel Cobb to say that Colonel Phillips is every way his equal as a military man. In consideration of all the past I feel that this is but a reasonable request, and trust you will not find it inconsistent with your sense of justice to granhe honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

STATE OF LOUISIANA, MAYORALTY OF NEW ORLEANS,

City Hall, March 22, 1862.

RESOLUTIONS PASSED BY THE COMMON COUNCIL OF THE CITY OF NEW ORLEANS.

Whereas, the New Orleans and Texas Railroad Company has been fully organized for and is now engaged in the construction of its railroad from New Iberia, on Bayou Teche, to Orange, on the Sabine River; and

Whereas, the completion of this link of road will give us railroad connection with all parts of Middle, Central, and Southern Texas by means of the railways already finished in that State, and thus open to us an avenue through which we will be enabled to receive full and constant supplies of meat and breadstuffs, not only for consumption in this and neighboring cities, but an inexhaustible supply of beef to subsist the armies of the Confederacy, both of which are considerations of great moment at this time, as the contracting of our lines of military defense in the West has to a great extend cur off our supplies from that source; and by the construction of this short railroad we will become independent of the Northwest for a time for our supplies of beef, &amp;c., Texas furnishing enough for the consumption of all the cotton States; and

Whereas, the military importance of this road is superior to all other considerations at this time, as it would enable Texas to throw

