
large numbers of troops to this point or other places on the Mississippi River at very short notice and furnish us with army supplies in greater abundance and at cheaper rates than can be obtained from any other source, this line of communication not being liable to attacks from the enemy; as the whole line of sea-board south of it is a continual sea marsh, perfectly impassable, and the rivers which it crosses impracticable for gun-boats or other hostile craft, as they cannot be entered by vessels drawing over three feet of water, hence this line of road will be better protected by nature than it could be by a cordon of military posts, as they might be taken or avoided, but this sea marsh is invulnerable. Without this road Texas is entirely isolated from the balance of the Confederacy. With it she will be closely annexed to it and add vastly to its strength and resources and be the means of furnishing us with very considerable war munitions which are being received through Mexico and Texas ports, and which war materials could be greatly increased in quantity if means of transportation existed between the Sabine and the Opelousas Railroad, which this road will furnish; and

Whereas, the construction of this railroad will undoubtedly furnish the city of New Orleans and the Confederate Government a supply of beef and other provisions at a saving on present cost of a sum annually equal in amount to its estimated cost, and its estimated cost, and its existence as a means of military transportation will be equivalent to an army of 50,000 men; therefore be it

Resolved, That the New Orleans and Texas Railroad is a military necessity of the first class, and its immediate construction of vital importance to the best interests of the country, not only as an absolute necessity for Louisiana and Texas, but also as a great national want and as a line of military defense for the coasts of both States, and means for the rapid transit of troops and army supplies.

Resolved, That we call the attention of the Louisiana delegation in Congress to this matter and earnestly request them to press the immediate consideration of the subject upon the Government at Richmond and to use their influence and position in obtaining for this company such assistance from the Confederate Government as it may require to enable it to prosecute its work to rapid completion, as we deem it eminently entitled to such aid.

Resolved, That certified copies of t resolutions be forwarded to our delegation in Congress and to the Secretary of War; also a copy to the officers of the New Orleans and Texas Railroad Company.

S. P. DE LABARRE,

President pro tempore Board of Aldermen.

JULES BENIT,

President pro tempore Board of Assistant Aldermen.

Approved March 20, 1862.

JOHN T. MONROE,

Mayor.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

New Orleans, March 25, 1862.

I approve fully the object of the foregoing resolutions, and recommend prompt action thereon by the Confederate Congress on the subject-matter.

THO. O. MOORE,

Governor of Louisiana.

