
the Southwick is cleared from Nassau your services there will no longer be required, and you will be at liberty to return home by the first convenient opportunity, and I hope to be able to take advantage of your kind offers of service in some other sphere. I am now, as you will see by my signature, merely Acting Secretary of War, having been assigned by the President in the organization of his permanent Cabinet to the post of Secretary of State. Your friends are all well ad unite in remembrances of kind regard.

Yours, very truly,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, March 22, 1862.

Captain CALEB HUSE,

Liverpool:

SIR: In my letter of the 10th instant I omitted to say that the Surgeon-General had requested Mr. A. C. Evans, of London, to make purchase of certain drugs and medicinal supplies, to be forwarded to us. I beg you will put yourself in communication with Mr. Evans, and provide the funds to the extent of &amp;20,000 for medicinal supplies purchased by him, and forward these supplies with any others that you may send forward. I again repeat, send us small-arms and powder or saltpeter, to neglect of everything else, if necessary. We find such difficulty in sending bills abroad that the Secretary of the Treasury is shipping cotton as a remittance. It will go to Messrs. Fraser, Trenholm & Co., and if we can find means of getting it out will have no difficulty in keeping a large cash fund in Europe.

Your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

P. S. -I assume control of the State Department in a day or two, and sign myself Acting Secretary till General G. W. Randolph, the new Secretary of War, takes his place.

DISPATCH NO. 11.] HAVANA, March 22, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: Our recent reverses in Tennessee and on the sea-coast, magnified by the Northern press, have had a tendency to create doubt in the minds of our foreign friends here as to our ultimate success. I have resisted with all my power this ridiculous fear of the timid. The tone of the Havana press, though still in our favor, has been somewhat modified since our defeat at Fort Donelson. The authorities, however, are unchanged, and a Confederate victory, the announcement of which I confidently expect by the next arrival, will fully reassure our friends. I have kept our ministers and agents in Europe fully advised as to the condition of the blockade, and have forwarded printed lists of the vessels which have arrived here from Confederate ports to the 1st instant, since which time there have been fewer

