
arrivals than during any previous twenty days for the past four months, and I hear of more captures. This may trammel me somewhat in my efforts to interest capitalists in our trade. I shall, however, be unceasing in my exertions, and hope to keep up the interest. I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of my note to His Excellency the Captain-General, explaining why Mr. Yancey did not call on him, with a translation of his reply, and respectfully request that you will cause Mr. Yancey to be furnished with a copy of this correspondence, as he no doubt feels some interest in the matter. I have received but one dispatch from the Department since my arrival at Havana, the date of which is November 21, 1861. I must therefore beg that you will acknowledge the receipt of such of my communications as have been lost on the way, if any. I would also very respectfully request that you make such suggestions as to my further duties here as may occur to you.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

CH. J. HELM.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

HAVANA, March 5, 1862.

His Excellency the Captain-General DON FRANCISCO SERRANO,

Superior Governor of Cuba, &amp;c.:

SIR: The Hon. William L. Yancey, late commissioner to England and France from the Confederate States of America, arrived at this city on the 23d ultimo, and was desirous of calling on Your Excellency to pay his respects and renew his acknowledgments for the courtesy extended to him and Judge Rost by you when passing through Havana en route for Europe; but being informed by me that you had been recently much annoyed by the misrepresentations of anonymous, irresponsible newspaper scribblers, desired me to say delicacy alone prompted his departure without the gratification of a personal interview. In this connection permit me to say that the same reason has prevented my calling to congratulate Your Excellency on your recent promotion, which I hear with infinite pleasure.

I am, sir, with very great respect, your friend and obedient servant,

CH. J. HELM.

[Inclosure No. 2. -Translation of the Captain-General's reply.]

CHARLES J. HELM, Esq.:

DEAR SIR: Your esteemed favor of the 3d [5th] instant has been received, in which you state Mr. William L. Yancey's reasons for not honoring me with a visit in passing through this city on his return from his voyage to Europe. I am exceedingly grateful for the noble sentiment which prevented him from seeing me, but I give little importance to the unjust murmurs of those who think they see in simple acts of politeness a political meaning which they neither have nor can have. Mr. Yancey would have been perfectly well received, as will all those who show me any attention of that kind, and as you yourself will always be whenever you choose to favor me with your presence. I return you my thanks for your felicitations, and take pleasure in repeating to you that I am ever your attentive friends and servant,

FRANCISCO SERRANO.

