
sent to serve the country in the high position to which you have been called.

We have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN PERKINS, Jr.

W. P. HARRIS.

JNO. GILL SHORTER.

[FEBRUARY 12, 1861. -For resolution of Confederate Congress in relation to the occupation of the forts, arsenals, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. I, p. 254.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Tallahassee, February 13, 1861.

Hon. T. J. EPPES,

President of the Senate:

SIR: Since communicating informally the telegrams received last night from Montgomery, the additional dispatch has been handed me of a later date. In view of the fact that a permanent government will soon be organized, it is important that provision should be made for the representation of Florida therein, and I submit to the General Assembly the propriety of electing Senators at once, without subjecting the State to the expense of an extra session of the Legislature for that purpose.

M. S. PERRY.

AN ACT to continue in office the officers connected with the collection of the customs in the Confederate States of America.

Be it enacted by the Confederate States of America in Congress assembled, That the several officers who, at the time of the adoption of the Constitution of the Provisional Government of these States, held and exercised any office connected with the collection of the customs, duties, and imposts in the several States of this Confederacy, or as assistant treasures intrusted with keeping the moneys arising therefrom, are hereby appointed to the several offices which at the said date they respectively held and they shall have the same powers, be subject to the same duties, and be entitled to the same salaries, fees, and emoluments as are set forth and provided in and by the laws of the United States of America, until the 1st day of April next: Provided, That the maximum of compensation which each collector shall receive from all sources shall not exceed the rate of $5,000 per annum.

SEC. 2. Each collector so appointed shall, within two weeks from the date of this act, execute to the Confederate States of America a bond in the same amount and subject to a like condition with his last bond to the United States of America, with sureties to beudge of any superior or circuit court of the State where such collector is located. And each of the other officers shall, within one week after the collector shall have entered upon the discharge of his duties, execute to the Confederate States of America a bond in the same amount and subject to the like condition which his last bond to the United States of America (in case he was required to execute a

