
AN ACT to provide for the further defense of the bay of Mobile and the Alabama River.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the sum of $1,200,000 is hereby appropriated for the further defense of the bay of Mobile, and the Alabama River, to be expended, at the discretion of the President, by the Secretary of the Navy; and that the disbursement of said money shall be made in the manner provided by law for appropriations for the Navy.

SEC. 2. Be it further enated, That the President is hereby authorized to raise a corps for the temporary and special service provided for in the first section of this act in the bay of Mobile and the Alabama River, consisting of a number of men not exceeding 6,000, and as the President may deem necessary, who shall severally receive such pay and allowances as he may determine.

Approved March 24, 1862.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 16. Richmond, March 24, 1862.

All leaves of absence and furloughs, from whatever source obtained, are revoked; and officers and men absent from duty, except on surgeon's certificate of disability, will return at once to their respective commands. It is with extreme reluctance that the Department adopts a measure which deprives our patriotic soldiers of the relaxation they have so well earned, but the enemy presses on every side, and the necessities of the service demand new illustrations of that noble self-denial which has bene so many times evinced since the commencement of our struggle for independence. The furloughs of all who have engaged for the war, which are thus curtailed, will be extended hereafter when circumstances permit. But judging from the past, no fears are entertained of un unwilling response to this call. Those who have so many times proved their devotion to their country cannot be indifferent or backward in this hour of her greatest need.

By order of the President:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

ORDERSHDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJT. GEN'S OFFICE, No. 426 New Orleans, March 24, 1862.

I. The Governor and commander-in-chief, relying implicitly upon the loyalty of the free native colored population of the city and State for the protection of their homes, their property, and for Southern rights from the pollution of a ruthless invader, and believing that the military organization which existed prior to the 15th of February, 1862, and elicited praise and respect from the patriotic motives which prompted it, should exist for and during the war, calls upon them to maintain their organization, and to hold themselves prepared for such orders as may be transmitted to them.

II. The colonel commanding will report the organization without delay to Major Gen. John L. Lewis, commanding State militia.

By order of Thomas O. Moore, Governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

