
pleted. A communication was lately addressed to the President by Henry Wood, esq., president of the Roanoke Valley Railroad Company, on this subject; which was referred by the President to your predecessor, and by him referred to the Quartermaster-General. * If that communication is called for and examined it will be found to set forth the facts herein communicated in a more authoritative and more particular manner than is herein done. It is understood that some steps-are now being taken, or at least that it has been contemplated by the Department, to build boats to form a connection by means of the Staunton and Roanoke Rivers, or to construct a plank road for that purpose. It is confidently believed that neither of these schemes times, and for a considerable portion of the year nearly or quite impracticable, and a plank road destroyed in our climate by heavy transportation over it almost as speedily as it is built, while either scheme would probably cost more in time and money than the completion of the railroad, with no prospect even of any return of the money to the Government. In view of these considerations it is submitted that any such schemes, if about to be undertaken, should be at once abandoned and immediate steps taken to complete the railroad. This may be done by accepting the offer of the bonds of the Roanoke Valley Railroad Company; sending an officer at once to impress a sufficient number of hands for the work in the counties of Charlotte, Prince Edward, Lunnenburg, Brunswick, and Halifax, where they can readily be obtained and will in many instances be cheerfully furnished; appointing an active and competent agent to superintend them, and by having the iron procured, as it is believed it may now be, in Norfolk and sent to the points required. I will furnished any other information or give any aid I can to the execution of the work.

T. T. G.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., March 26, 1862.

I. The following regulations are adopted in place of Medical Regulations, paragraphs 2 to 6, inclusive, and General Regulations, paragraphs 1151 to 1155, inclusive, and will be obeyed accordingly:

1. An army corps or military department will have a medical officer assigned as medical director, who will have the general control of the medical officers and hospital.

2. A division will have a medical officer assigned, on the recommendation of the medical director, as chief surgeon; or the senior medical officer of the division, on the same rell be relieved from regimental duty, and placed in general charge as chief surgeon of division.

3. A brigade will be under the general medical charge of the senior surgeon of brigade, who will not be relieved from regimental duty.

4. Medical directors, chief surgeons of divisions, and senior surgeons of brigades, will inspect the hospitals of their commands, and see that the rules and regulations are enforced, and the duties of the surgeons and assistant surgeons are properly performed.

5. They will examine the case books, prescription and diet books, and ascertain the nature of disease which may have prevailed, and their probable causes; recommend the best method of prevention, and

---------------

*See March 7, p. 1026.

---------------

