
also make such suggestions relative to the situation, construction, and economy of the hospitals, and to the police of the camps, as may appear necessary for the benefit and comfort of the sick and the good of the service.

6. Senior surgeons of brigades will receive the monthly reports of sick and wounded (Form 1) required from the medical officers, and transmit them through the chief surgeon of division to the medical director.

7. The medical director will make to the Surgeon-general a consolidated monthly report of the sick and wounded from the monthly reports of the medical officers of the command.

8. Chief surgeons of divisions and senior surgeons of brigades will see that the quarterly reports of sick and wounded, and monthly statements of hospital fund required from the medical officers are transmitted to the Surgeon-General.

9. Senior surgeons of brigades will make to the chief surgeons of divisions, and chief surgeons of divisions will make to the medical director, monthly returns of the medical officers of their commands (Form 2).

10. The medical director will make to the Surgeon-General a monthly return of the medical officers of the command.

II. Medical officers, heretofore styled medical directors, who do not come within the meaning of the first of the above regulations, will be designated, as the case may be, in accordance with the second or third regulation; and medical officers, heretofore called brigade surgeons, if not attached to regiments, will be assigned to regiments not provided with surgeons.

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, March 26, 1862.

The PRESIDENT:

SIR: The Secretary of War has referred to me a letter addressed to you by Mr. Henry Wood, president of the Roanoke Valley Railroad Company, to which I have given careful consideration. In reference to the subject to which that communication relates I have the honor to submit the following statement, based upon examination and inquiries instituted by my direction with a view to obtain reliable information in regard to the most advantageous route for a line of transportation between the railroads of Virginia and North Carolina: The track of the Roanoke Valley Railroad and all the bridges upon its line are in very bad condition. The rolling-stock of the company consists of only two engines and five or six cars, all of which are represented too be in bad order. The affairs of the company are much embarrassed, the road being under mortgage and unable to pay the interest upon its bonds, its earnings being barely sufficient to meet current expenses. Its condition in this respect may be worthy of consideration in connection with the proposition of Mr. Wood that the Government should complete the entirely line of that road. It is submitted that there exists at this time no public necessity for the construction of the Keysville connection, and that if made it might soon become entirely useless in view of the

65 R R-SERIES IV, VOL I

