
possible results of the enemy's movements in North Carolina, for should Raleigh be taken the connection thus established would be cut off. Should Weldon fall into the hands of the enemy there would still be a connection by way of Gaston, and a river route by way of Clarksville, in regard to which last it may be remarked that with forty boats suitable for the navigation of the Dan more transportation can be carried than will or can be taken from the junction to Clarksville. The Danville route by the way of Haw River and New's Ferry or Barksdale, it is estimated, can be constructed in less time than the connection between Clarksville and Keysville. This route will not be more than ten miles longer, is not difficult of construction, being free from rock and will require neither bridges nor culverts except a single bridge over the Dan River. It will moreover, be at least fifty miles above Raleigh. In reference to the military reasons which bear upon this subject it will be perceived that if the enemy taken Wilmington or Goldsborough, the main line of railway through North Carolina will be cut off. If Raleigh be captured the connection by Gaston to Petersburg will no longer be available, nor will that by way of Clarksville and the river route. But if the Danville road be extended before the connection thus established can be endangered, the enemy will be obliged to penetrate through a hilly and broken country into the interior fifty miles west of Raleigh. It is proper to state that arrangements have already been made for both after and land transportation from Clarksville to South Boston on the Dan, which will be amply sufficient to forward all freights which can be brought to the former place. Should the enemy's movements endanger this route or require its abandonment, the line of wagons can be transferred so as to establish immediately transportation between the Danville and North Carolina railroads, thus preventing a serious internication. I respectfully return herewith the letter of Mr. Wood.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE OF THE ROANOKE VALLEY RAILROAD COMPANY,

Clarksville, March 7, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States of America:

The following statement of facts is respectfully submitted to Your Excellency as information believed to be valuable to the Government of the Confederate States: The Roanoke Valley Railroad is competed from the town of Clarksville, in Virginia, to the Raleigh and Gaston Railroad at Ridgeway, in North Carolina. Under an act of the General Assembly of Virginia the Roanoke Valley Railroad Company commenced the work of extending their road to a place called Keysville, one of the depots on the Richmond and Danville Railroad, in the county of Charlotte, in this State, thus to connect by this route the railroads of North Carolina and of the other Southern States with the Richmond and Danville Railroad at the said depot, which is almost exactly midway between the city of Richmond and the town of Danville. Reference to any good railroad map of Virginia and North Carolina will afford a better view of the connection and the facilities for transportation afforded by it than any

