
written description could give, and such reference is respectfully asked. The entire work of the proposed extension was under contract and was progressing satisfactorily, and a very large portion of it was actually done, when the present war began and the company was thereby compelled to suspend the operations on it. At that time ten miles of the road next to Keysville had been graded and was ready to receive the superstructure, and three miles and three-quarters of the rails actually laid on that part. Two miles of the road next to Clarksville had also been graded, and all the masonry for the bridge across the Roanoke River at that part of the line, reaching 1,200 feet, and the only costly work on the whole line, was completed. The whole residue of the line not so graded had been grubbed and cleared, and all the cross-ties for the whole track had been delivered along the line ready for use. The whole line is thirty miles in extent. It will be seen, therefore, that to complete the entire line, and thus unite the Richmond and Danville Railroad to the railroads in North Carolina and south of it, along this line, nearly central between Richmond and Danville, will only require about eighteen miles of grading to be done, which is all of light character and requiring very little, if any, masonry, the superstructure of the bridge over the Roanoke River to be erected, and the iron to be procured and laid on twenty-six miles and a quarter of the road. The Richmond and Danville and the Roanoke Valley Railroad Companies can furnish the rolling-stock necessary for running the road the moment it is ready, and it is confidently believed that the whole work which remains to be done can be completed and the railroad put into actual operation by the Government in a few months. It is understood the Government is now contemplating the construction of a plank road from Clarksville to some point on the Richmond and Danville Railroad, with a view to the proposed connection by that means. No doubt is entertained that the connection can be made by completing the proposed railroad as suggested with as much facility and at very little, if any, more cost than the plank road connection and with the great advantage of railroad transportation. The Government seems already aware of the advantages of this connection in a military point of view, and a glance at the map of the country would sufficiently demonstrate it. This representations is made on behalf of the Roanoke Valley Railroad Company, who will co-operate in any manner the Government may desire, or acquiesce in any means which may be adopted for the execution of the work.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY WOOD,

President of Roanoke Valley Railroad Company.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, March 27, 1862.

Hon. C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of the Treasury:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 27th of March. I fully understand the necessity which requires the use of bonds instead of Treasury notes so far as possible in meeting the current expenses of the Army, and shall be glad to co-operate with your suggestion so far as I may be able. You omitted to inform me what portion of the outstanding requisitions for Texas mentioned in my note of the 26th you could furnish at present, and within what

