
time you could probably furnish the balance. The Governor of Texas is so urgent in this matter that he has sent an express messenger for the purpose, who is awaiting my reply, and his own letter clearly indicates the necessity that some remittances should be made to that State as early as possible. Will you be good enough, therefore, to furnish me with an early reply. If you could send but a fair proportion in Treasury notes the remainder might, for the present, at least, be sent in bonds. I desire, if possible, to send a portion at least of the requisition by the hands of the Governor's messenger.

Respectfully,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'SOFFICE, No. 17. Richmond, March 27, 1862.

The following orders are published for the direction and guidance of all concerned:

I. Hereafter the rank and file of the Army will not be permitted to carry other said-arms than those issued by the Government, or such as are appropriate to their arm of service. All side-arms now borne by dismounted troops will be turned in to the Ordnance Department, for which a fair value be paid.

II. All requisitions made upon the Ordnance Department for a new issue of arms, accouterments, or equipments must be accompanies by evidence that such articles previously issued have been condemned by a board of survey and turned over to the nearest ordnance officer before a new issue can be made.

III. Officers, other than commanding generals, are prohibited from sending officers to the seat of government for transaction of business in person, as it may be done by correspondence.

IV. All company commanders, commanding officers of battalions, and other officers having charge of clothing, camp and garrison equiPAGE, or other quartermaster's property, are required to make a return of the same to the Quartermaster-General at the expiration of each quarter, showing the receipts and issues during the quarter, and the balance on hand at the expiration of the quarter. This rule will also be observed with regard to the returns required by the Ordnance Department.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, Ala., March 27, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: Under the requisition upon this State for twelve war regiments a camp of instruction has been located at Tuscaloosa, to which some companies have already been ordered, and at which from 1,200 to 1,500 troops will probably rendezvous. I would respectfully suggest that it is of the first importance that the earliest possible arrangements should be made for the payment of the bounty money to the

