
bond), with sureties to be approved by the collector of the port where such office is located.

SEC. 3. The said several officers shall take an oath before a magistrate well and faithfully to discharge the duties of his office and to support the Constitution of the Provisional Government of the Confederate States of America, which said oath shall be indorsed upon the bond, and the bond shall be filed in the office of the Secretary of the Treasury, or in such other place as he may direct.

Adopted February 14, 1861.

A RESOLUTION for the appointment of commissioners to the Government of the United States of America.

Resolved by the Confederate States of America in Congress assembled, That it is the sense of this Congress that a commission of three persons be appointed by the President elect, as early as may be convenient after his inauguration, and sent to the Government of the United States of America, for the purpose of negotiating friendly relations between that Government and the Confederate States of America, and for the settlement of all questions of disagreement between the two Governments upon principles of right, justice, equity, and good faith.

Adopted February 15, 1861.

MONDAY, February 18, 1861. *

* * * * *

At 1 p. M. the President elect of the Confederate States of America, escorted by the Vice-President and the committee of arrangements, appeared within the hall of Congress, and was escorted to the chair, supported on his right by the Vice-President and on his left by the president of Congress.

On motion of Mr. Chilton, the Congress then repaired, in company with the President elect, to the front of the Capitol for the purpose of inaugurating the President.

The president of the Congress presented the President elect to the Congress.

The Rev. Dr. Basil Manly, as chaplain of the day, offered prayer. The President elect then delivered his inaugurated address, after which the oath of office was administered to him by the president of the Congress.

On motion of Mr. Chilton, the Congress returned to its hall, accompanied by the President of the Confederate States.

On motion of Mr. Chilton, it was ordered that the inaugural address of the President be spread upon the journal of this body, and that 5,000 copies thereof be printed for the use of the Congress.

And then the Congress adjourned.

---------------

*From Journal of the Provisional Congress.

---------------

