
your letter are new to me, and I regret to say, therefore, that I shall not be able to return a full answer to your very important communication until I have had an opportunity of conference with my predecessor, from whom I may obtain the date necessary for a satisfactory reply. This will not be possible in time for Mr. Cone's return. The evil of which you complain-that the regiments and companies already in progress of formation within your State seriously impede the efforts of the Executive to organize the quota which has been called for-is felt and acknowledged by the Department, and measures are about to be adopted which will, it is hoped, remove the difficulty. In the meantime all troops mustered in your State by the authority heretofore granted will be credited to the quota of the State, and will be reported or required to report to you.

The order to General Herbert for disbanding all twelve-months' regiments within his department is hereby suspended until further orders, in compliance with your joint request. The men in these regiments may in the meantime be received into your new regiments as part of your war enlistments, upon re-enlisting and reorganizing in the manner already provided by act of Congress. In regard to the funds for which you make such urgent requisition, I regret to say that I am unable to transmit them through Mr. Cone. I have referred the subject to the Secretary of the Treasury, having been informed by the Quartermaster-General that a considerable amount for which requisitions have been already made has not yet been forwarded to Texas. The Secretary of the Treasury informs me that the difficulty consists in the want of Treasury notes, especially of the smaller denominations, as bonds (which could be supplied) could hardly be made available. I shall again urge the subject upon the Secretary of the Treasury, in order that the funds may be forwarded as rapidly as the state of the Treasury will permit. In the meantime I must beg you to do the best you can with the means, both of money and of credit, at your command, in which the Government will support you to the best of its ability.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

P. S. -As Mr. Cone has consented to wait a few days longer, in the hope of being to obtain funds, I have determined to send this in advance by another gentleman (Mr. White).

G. W. R.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

March 28, 1862.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER,

Governor of Virginia:

SIR: I report herewith results of returns of the militia and volunteers to the 27th, inclusive, with a report from the Adjutant-General's Department of the Confederate States, showing the number of volunteers which have been mustered into that service. Although these last may be credited to the State, it takes off 3,081 men who, under the act of the 10th of February last, ought to have gone to fill up our volunteer corps to 100 men each. The number of volunteers registered in this office for service in different companies is now 725, including 169 from the One hundred and fifty-seventh Regiment, Roanoke County. Additional returns from the militia and volunteers

