
surrender of the island, but before the schooners were unloaded they were withdrawn, and after two narrow escapes returned to Norfolk in safety. The report of Major Noland regarding Thoroughfare shows what was lost, and how. The place was well selected, in rear of and to support a threatening army, to drain from the country in advance of our lines at a place locally defensible, and having running water necessary for a packing establishment, and having railroad connections to supply the spareribs, heads, and other offal to the men.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTHROP,

-General.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

DEPARTMENT COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF SUBSISTENCE,

Richmond, Va., March 8, 1862.

Major THOMAS K. JACKSON,

Chief Com. of Subsistence, Army of the West, Decatur, Ala.:

MAJOR: The Commissary-General directs that you send him as soon as practicable a report of the subsistence stores which are represented to have been destroyed or abandoned at Bowling Green, Clarksville, Nashville, and other points (recently under your supervision) now in the hands of the enemy, and that you will also report what measures were taken by you to have said stores removed to a place of safety, and as near as possible the quantity of each article saves and where stores at this time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. G. WILLIAMS,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

DEPARTMENT COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF SUBSISTENCE,

Richmond, Va., March 8, 1862.

Captain JOHN T. SHAAFF,

Com. of Subsistence, C. S. Army, Murfreesborough, Ten.:

CAPTAIN: The Commissary-General directs that you report to him as soon as practicable the amount of subsistence stores recently destroyed or abandoned upon the evacuation of Nashville, and what measures were taken by you to h ave the subsistence stores at that place saved from destruction or the hands of the enemy, and as near as possible the quantity of each article saved, where now stored, and the total amount lost at Nashville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. G. WILLIAMS,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT, C. S. ARMY,

Richmond, Va., January 3, 1862.

Mr. R. T. WILSON,

Commissary Agent, Nashville, Ten.:

SIR: I have just mailed a letter written to you yesterday in reference to the order from General Johnston to which you refer for curing pork at Bowling Green for the use of the Army. I must inform you that the funds you have received from this department have been obtained on special application on repeated declarations of its imperative necessity to insure a reserve of salt meat. These funds have

