
been granted by the War Department, superseding other requisitions from this and other departments on this declaration. Whatever bacon you cure with these funds is to be held as a reserve when all other resources fail. If General Johnston wishes you to buy and cure meat specially for this army and for immediate use, not as a reserve for the Army in general, it should be done by arrangement with Major Jackson, and from funds placed in his hands for the current expenses of his troops. If he does not receive the funds drawn for, and calls on citizens employed for a special service by this department to supply meats, then such supplies as are directed you will offer, and such as have been prepared for the general reserve you will retain under your contracts with this department. If you are forced to surrender your pork before it is made into bacon, it must be by actual compulsion, throwing the responsibility upon the officer who compels you. It is my opinion that as long as the Army can be supplied otherwise no military commander has a right to control the operations of this department except in respect to the staff of his own troops, but not in respect to general operations. You and those acting with you under similar obligations have also rights to be respected. On the principles now communicated will your ultimate settlements be made. It is desirable that no unpleasant opposition should arise, but this matter should be understood and settled. If General Johnston will respect these views as coming frwill be very agreeable. If not, then I will have to refer for a decision of the question to the War Department. Let me hear from you as soon as possible. If your box meat is condemned because it does not look red, perhaps, cook some and get the general commanding officer to try it. If not spoiled, make a struggle against the board of survey.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

OFFICE OF THE PRINCIPAL COMMISSARY, WESTERN DEPT.,

Bowling Green, Ky., January 11, 1862.

Colonel L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 1st instant, inclosing a copy of your communication to Mr. Wilson respecting the orders of General Johnston for salt meat from Clarksville, and his orders to pack pork at this place. I have presented the matter to the general, and he instructs me to say that he fully appreciates the expediency of economizing the salt meat which you are having prepared throughout the country, but that circumstances demand the immediate storage of a good supply of that article at this point, not for present use, but as a security against embarrassment should the enemy succeed I n rendering the supply of fresh meat uncertain, a contingency which ought not to be disregarded, and which from the preponderating force of the enemy may be apprehended. The orders of the general to your agents for salt meat from Clarksville and his order to pack pork here, though imperative, are not, he believes, incompatible with your views of the necessity of holding as much of it as possible to meet the wants of the Army during the ensuing spring and summer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS K. JACKSON,

Major and Principal Commissary, Western Department.

