
cars were furnished and they were never taken away, although many trains passed the point and several of them were entirely empty.

On the 8th instant I received an order from Major Cole, commissary of subsistence, to destroy all the meat which was not removed by the 10th instant; but on consultation with General Johnston and himself on the following day at Manassas I was authorized to use my discretion and save from destruction as much as possible by hauling it to Warrenton by wagons and giving it away. I caused combustibles to be placed under every pile of meat for its immediate destruction when necessary. Guards were placed on all the roads leading to Thoroughfare to give notice of the approach of the enemy, and the people for many miles around were notified to send in their teams. A liberal price in money and a load of meat was offered to each person who would send a wagon. The response to the call was prompt and gratifying, and on Monday, the 10th instant, we had about thirty wagons, and others promised for the next day. On Monday night lieutenant-Colonel Munford arrived with a body of cavalry under orders from General Stuart to destroy all the property along the line of railroad. He, finding that we were engaged in sending off the stores, actively co-operated with us, and sent through the country and impressed all the wagons which could be found. Had he remained three days longer I believe that all the meat could have been removed. His orders, however, were, as I understand, peremptory to destroy all the property left at Thoroughfare on Tuesday at 12 o'clock. On that day we loaded and sent away about fifty wagons, and then under his orders the remaining property was destroyed, except some meat which at my request was reserved to meet my obligations to those engaged in hauling to Warrenton. At the hide depot at Manassas junction there were on hand about 2,000 hides and about 500 gallons of neat's-foot oil. No transportation could be obtained for anything from this point, and this property (together with the furnaces, buildings, &amp;c.) was all destroyed. I have established myself for the present at this point, but shall be government in my future movements by those of this army.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. P. NOLAND,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

AN ACT to enable the States assuming the payment of their quotas of the war tax to pay the same into the Treasury.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That if any State which has agreed to assume the payment of her quota of the tax imposed by the act approved August 19, 1861, entitled "An act to authorize the issue of Treasury notes, and to provide a war tax for their redemption," shall not have been furnished with a correct collated list of the taxes assessed on the people of such State before the first day of April, 1862, the Secretary of the Treasury shall agree with the Governor of such State upon the probable amount of such assessment, and the State shall be entitled to pay the same, less ten per centrum, in like manner, and with like effect, as if such payment had been made before the said first day of April: Provided, however, That when the corrected assessment is made out, such State shall pay to the Confederate Government or receive therefrom, as the case may

