
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, April 2, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 28th ultimo, inclosing a copy of the resolution of the C. S. Senate, requesting a report of the amount of quartermaster and other stores lost in the recent reverses at Forts Henry and Donelson, at Fishing Creek and Roanoke Island, and in the retreats from Columbus, New Madrid, Bowling Green, Nashville, and the line of the Potomac, specifying the loss in each case. To meet the requirements of the Senate resolution specific and detailed reports from the principal quartermasters in charge of the stores of the several armies and forces referred to are absolutely necessary. In the absence of the information, which can only be supplied by the reports of these officers, I am unable t state with even approximate accuracy the extent of the losses incurred at the places enumerated in the resolution of the Senate. These reports have been ordered, but have not yet been received. Enough, however, is known from general rumor to enable me to state that the loss of public property has been very great, and there is reason to apprehend that many essential articles abandoned or destroyed in consequence of those disasters to our arms cannot be replaced. So soon as I am placed in possession of the required information a detailed statement will be laid before you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

MONTGOMERY, April 2, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

Have 5,000 troops in camps. Poor men crying most earnestly for bounty. I gave assurances that it would be paid on the fact of Mr. Benjamin's letter of the 24th of February. The failure creates great discontent and demoralization. I fear the consequences unless arrangements can be promptly made for the payment. I can let Major Calhoun, C. S. quartermaster, have $100,000 in Treasury notes for the payment of most pressing companies if it can be replaced in a fortnight.

Answer soon as possible.

JNO. GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama.

[APRIL 2, 1862. -For Randolph to Brown, in relation to the retention of Georgia State troops in the field until Congress should act on the conscription bill, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 228.]

BONHAM, TEX., April 2, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

DEAR SIR: When I was in Richmond last winter, you were kind enough to appoint me to the position of assistant adjutant-general,

