
Provisional Army, C. S., and to sent me under special orders to raise five regiments of infantry in the portion of Texas lying east of the Trinity River. The Secretary of War assured me time and again that except these five regiments, which were permitted by the orders given to me to mount themselves to their place of final destination, at which point the Government was to take their horses and pay for them, no other troops would be received as cavalry from Texas, and none for a shorter term than the war. Under this assurance I expressed both to you and to the Secretary entire confidence in my ability to raise the regiments in a very short time. I returned home as expeditiously as possible, and immediately set about the task assigned me. I had hardly gotten my circulars before the people when recruiting officers sprang up all or the country calling for twelve-months' mounted men. Some two or three regiments were soon formed under orders given, as I understand, by M. T. Johnson, and now form what is known as Johnson's brigade, a portion of which has been encamped since last fall somewhere near Johnson's residence, the whole, I. e., two regiments, now being encamped in Red River County, near Clarksville. Besides this Johnston's brigade, one of the same kind (twelve-months' mounted) has since my return been formed by Colonel Darnell, and one called Taylor's second regiment, formed, so rear as I can learn, without other authority than Colonel Taylor's order. These last regiments have crossed over into the Indian Territory, and are, I understand, at Washita. Besides these, three other mounted regiments have been authorized by the Secretary of War since the date of my orders, viz, one to Colonel Ochiltree, one to Colonel De Morse, and one to Colonel Clark. These, I believe, are for the war, but they are to enter as cavalry. All of these regiments have been and are being organized within the limits assigned to me to raise infantry in. Some, doubtless, are unauthorized, but that makes but little difference if the Government will receive them on their own terms. It would have been very easy to raise such troops as are wanted, viz, infantry, if the policy which I assured every one on my return had been adopted by the War Department had been unflinchingly adhered to. As it is, the fine military material of this country has gone off helter-skelter, mounted on every description of animal, and generally for a short term of service. Two-thirds of their horses, even of the troops for the war, are totally unfit for any military service, while the expense to the Government of feeding them is enormous. I have never yet known as horse rejected by any mustering officer. The ordinary eaten Northern Arkansas to the starvation point, and are now falling back to be within reach of the supplies so abundant now in this section of country, but which, in my opinion, are too precious for these pony regiments.

I forbear making any suggestions-they would be unbecoming in me. I merely state a few facts which the Government ought to know, that some of the evils may be provided against, and to explain why my confident assertions that I could immediately raise the rive regiments of infantry have not been realized. I still hope to succeed, however, under all disadvantages. Some of my minor troubles arise from the neglect in the Department to appoint a quartermaster and commissary, as promised me in my orders. Repeated letters to the Department on this point have elicited no answer, and I have not yet been placed in possession of a dollar to pay the bounty, nor for any other purpose. I hope, however, this will be speedily remedied.

