
GENERAL ORDERS,WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 19. Richmond, April 3, 1862.

The following order is published for the information of the Army, and the guidance of all concerned in the subjects referred to:

VOLUNTEERS MUSTERED OUT OF SERVICE ON THE EXPIRATION OF THEIR TERM.

I. The rolls for this purpose must contain all the names which have been borne on the previous muster-rolls from the first, or the one mustering into service, including all who have died, been captured, discharged, or have deserted since the enrollment of the company, with appropriate remarks opposite the name of each, respectively. All absentees must be satisfactorily accounted for by explanations recorded in the column of remarks. This roll, containing the information above required, will be prepared and completed at the time that the company may be discharged, and be forwarded in duplicate by the officer charged with mustering it out of service direct to the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, War Department-one indorsed "For the Quartermaster-General. " The roll will only vary from the ordinary muster-rolls used for the payment of companies by the addition of the names of all who have died, been captured, discharged, or have deserted since the day of muster into service.

II. Payments upon company rolls will be made when practicable at the end of every two months-as January and February, March and April, &amp;c. In no instance must a company be paid to a date including a fractional portion of a month, unless discharged.

III. Brigadier commanders (where this hall not have been done by the commanding general of the army with which they may be serving) will designate some officer of the brigade to muster his command upon the last day of every even month, to examine and verify the muster-rolls, to see that they conform in all respects to the requirements of printed notes thereupon; and to transmit, after such examination and signing of the said rolls by him, one copy thereof for each company to the Adjutant and Inspector General, two copies of the muster and pay rolls to the brigade quartermaster upon which to make his estimates for payment of the troops, and a third copy of the muster and pay rolls to the captain or commanding officer of the company for the files of the company.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, Ga., April 3, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Most of the regiments of Georgia troops now in the service of the Confederate States were armed, accoutered, and equipped by the State when they entered the service. The arms now in their possession are the property of the State. As the term of some of the twelve-months' regiments will soon expire, I desire to know whether the State's right to the arms will be respected and the dis-

