
embarrassment experienced by the Commissary Department in provisioning the Army under the rule of the Treasury Department requiring requisitions to be paid one-half in bonds and one-half in Treasury notes, and anticipates still greater difficulties if the proportion of bonds be increased in conformity with a recent notice from the Treasury Department. As the very existence of our armies is involved in this matter, I respectfully submit that a larger proportion of Treasury notes should be issued, or that authority be obtained for the Secretary of the Treasury to sell the bonds at their market price and current funds be furnished to the Commissary Department. The impossibility of using bonds of large denominations in the purchase of live-stock, and the evils of making every commissary and contractor an agent for the sale of Government stocks, are so clearly shown in Major Ruffin's letter that I deem it unnecessary to add anything to what has been so well said. I am are of the difficulties of increasing the issue of Treasury notes and small bonds, and of negotiating bonds of large denominations; but the alternative of effecting such increase or negotiation on the one hand, or of leaving the Army without sufficient subsistence on the other, is of so serious a character as to require our utmost exertions to overcome the difficulties.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[APRIL 7, 1862. -For Pemberton to Ripley, in relation to the organization of certain South Carolina troops for the war, see Series I, VOL. VI, p. 427.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 80. Richmond, April 8, 1862.

* * * * *

XVIII. On the discharge of troops leaving the service the commanders of regiments and battalions will take away all arms of every description, whether public or private; private arms to be paid for by the ordnance officer, or receipts given which will entitle the holders to payment.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[APRIL 8, 1862,-For Davis to Clark, in relation to the organization of troops in North Carolina, see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 532.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, April 8, 1862.

Governor F. R. LUBBOCK,

Austin, Tex.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 15th ultimo, you are respectfully informed that no authority was issued in advance to Colonel Carter,

