
or those associated with him, to raise the regiments of cavalry to which you refer. These regiments were raised as an independent enterprise, and were not tendered to the Department until already organized. Authority was then given to muster them into service. I fully concur in your opinion in regard to the difficulties arising from individuals raising separate corps without concert with the State Executive. It is out of my power, however, to afford any remedy, except by refusing to grant such authority in future without your consent and by reporting to you all troops mustered into the C. S. service in Texas to be counted as part of the quota called for by the President, until said quota have been completed.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

AN ACT to authorize the advance of a certain sum of money to the State of Missouri.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized to issue to the State of Missouri the sum of $1,000. 000, authorized by an act entitled an act for the relief of the State of Missouri, approved the 27th of January, 1862, upon the authorized agent or agents of said State, first filling with said Secretary the sum of $491,500, in bonds of said State of Missouri, as provided in said act, and executing a receipt for the remainder of such advance conditioned for the filling, of the remainder of said amount in bonds of the State of Missouri, whenever the same can be conveniently done: Provided, Such remainder in bonds shall be filled with said Secretary within six months afof this act.

Approved April 9, 1862.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 22. Richmond, April 9, 1862.

The following regulations are published for the guidance of recruiting officers:

1. The muster-roll is the certificate of enlistment. No other blanks are furnished.

2. The muster-roll must be sent to or deposited in the office of the Adjutant and Inspector General in Richmond. The recruiting officer will retain in his possession (to be deposited with the records of his company) a duplicate of this muster-roll.

3. A certified of this muster-roll will be a proper voucher for the expenditure of the bounty money in cases where the receipts of the recruits have not been taken.

4. The accounts for the settlement of the bounty money will be handed in or sent to the Quartermaster-General's Office. All balances of this fund will be returned over to an officer of the Quartermaster's Department.

5. Accounts for the settlement of the contingent fund of the recruiting service will be sent to or handed in to the superintendent of the recruiting service.

