
6. Officers will be careful not to confound this account with the bounty money. Each fund is to be accounted for separately.

7. Officers on recruiting service are entitled to commutation of fuel and quarters, at the monthly rate of $9 per room, and wood at the market price of the locality where they are recruiting.

8. Sergeants and privates, when ordered on the recruiting service, or entitled to 75 cents a day from the time of leaving companies, as commutation for their quarters and subsistence.

9. Recruits will be allowed 75 cents a day each as commutation for quarters and subsistence from the date of enlistment to the day of joining their companies, or until subsistence is furnished in kind. This allowance will be paid from the contingent fund in the hands of the recruiting officers.

10. Transportation will be furnished on railroads by the Quartermaster's Department, and agents on the roads have been instructed to forward parties of recruits on the certificate or requisition of recruiting officers.

By order of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, April 9, 1862.

Colonel T. R. R. COBB,

Commanding Cobb's Legion:

DEAR SIR: In consequence of a letter from Captain W. J. Lawton, I have had a conversation with the President in reference to your legion, and was authorized to say that you can increase your infantry and cavalry to eight companies, each retaining the legionary formation, or you can increase each to a regiment, in which case the legion will be broken up. Captain Lawton represents you as having four cavalry companies here, two organized in Georgia, and men enough for three more. If, therefore, you increase the legionary cavalry to eight companies, you will have one unattached, and this may unite with the five raised by Captain Lawton to assist in forming his regiment. Captain Lawton states that you have an artillery company in Georgia. I think it will be best to leave it there, for the exigencies of the services would soon detach if from you if armed; and if unarmed, it would be useless to bring it here to remain idle during the long period that would elapse before we can furnish a battery. If you have no objection to the exchange of the Dougherty Hussars for Captain King's company, as desired by Captain Lawton, it will be ordered. Supposing that you would return to Suffolk, I addressed a letter to you there in response to your last letter. I think you had better inform the gentlemen in Georgia expecting to join your legion that the legionary formation is found to be so inconvenient that the Department no longer authorizes it, and that the exigencies of the service render it impossible for them to be united with you. Already it has been found necessary to order Colonel McDaniel's regiment to East Tennessee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

