
munitions, if necessary, to prevent them from falling into the hands of the enemy, and the vessels also, if the property of the Government or citizens of the Confederate States. You will confer with Mr. L. Heyliger, the agent of the Government at Nassau, and act in conjunction with him. He will receive instructions to the same effect. If necessary, you will discharge the officers and crew of such vessels and substitute others in their stead.

Very respectfully,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., April 11, 1862.

L. HEYLIGER, Esq.,

Nassau;

SIR: Captain John N. Maffitt, C. S. Navy, has been instructed by this Department to take the entire control of all vessels laden with arms and munitions of war for the Confederate States which he may meet with on his present voyage, and to bring them into such ports as he may select, or to transship their cargoes to other vessels and take control thereof. He is also authorized to adopt any measures which he may deem necessary to secure the safe arrival of such vessels and their cargoes or to prevent their falling into the hands of the enemy. Captain Maffitt is instructed to confer with you, and you will act in concert with him in all matters touching this commission.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

DEAR SIR: We had the honor to receive in due course your dispatch of the 7th instant, and Captain Maffitt having consented to go to Richmond and see you personally in relation to the Theodore, a reply to the dispatch seemed unnecessary. We have now the satisfaction to inform you that the steamer Southwick has arrived safely at Nassau with her valuable cargo. For particulars we beg reference to the accompanying letters from Mr. Heyliger. The course adopted is precisely in conformity with the instructions we sent our agent, Mr. Lafitte. He was unfortunately absent in Havana. The selling of the Cecile was unfortunate, and we hope some arrangement may be made about the Theodore. The Kate will be ready about the 20th instant to depart from this port. The blockade along the South Atlantic coast is more rigid than at any time since it commenced. We are sorry to say that the T. L. Wragg, after coasting along for some days from Charleston to Willmington, had to return to Nassau to replenish her coal. The state of the moon was one cause of her failure, and she will return when ark. Captain Lockwood, of whom Mr. Heyliger speaks, was on board and landed in a small boat. The T. L. Wragg has a good pilot (Jones, who brought in and carried out the Economist.) We had instructed him to leave the latter at Nassau, where she had to go for coal. The steamer Herald, one of our ships, is safe at Bermuda. She has on board 200,000 pounds

