
powder and some large guns. The Bermuda is also there with a large and valuable cargo. The Herald will attempt one of our ports when the dark nights set in. Be good enough to consider this information as strictly confidential. We have cautioned Mr. Halfman not to speak of it.

We remain, dear sir, yours, respectfully,

JNO. FRASER &amp; CO.

The Economist arrived at Nassau before the T. L. Wragg left.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

ON BOARD STEAMER THOS. L. WRAGG,

Cochrane's Anchorage, April 5, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: The Wragg is now loaded and ready for sea. She has on board 1,856 packages, comprising 1,040 kegs of powder, some 5,000 rifles, bales blankets, boxes tin pans, &c. I cannot return the exact contents, but Messrs. John Fraser & Co. received a correct return of the marks, measurement, &c., which, compared with the invoices, will furnish a precise return of the cargo. Mr. Halfman, the supercargo of the Southwick, leaves by the Wragg, and carries the dispatches relative to the steamer's cargo.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

L. HEYLIGER.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

NASSAU, April 5, 1862-midnight.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: I have just returned from Cochrane's Anchorage, and find that the steamer Economist arrived two hours since with cotton from Charleston. The captain says she is a Government vessel, but all the correspondence in relation to her must have been addressed to Mr. Lafitte, the agent of Fraser & Co. Unfortunately Mr. Lafitte is absent, and no one is authorized to open his letters. Messrs. Hy. Adderly & Co. are also entirely without instructions. If there are any advices for me they must be under cover to Lafitte. The Economist requires coal, as the captain says the understanding is he is to proceed to England. Just now there is no coal here, but a supply is daily expected. I shall commence discharging the Southwick's cargo and storing it on Monday, the day after to-morrow. The captain is disposed to be ugly, and both to avoid difficulties and to save the Government a demurrage of $200 per day I consider it the best policy. Everything in my power will be done to protect the Government interest.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. HEYLIGER.

P. S. -Captain Lockwood has concluded to go on the Wragg.

AN ACT to provide further means for the support of the Government.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to issue,

67 R R-SERIES IV, VOL I

