
secure to the troops of each State the arms furnished them by their own State. The exigencies of the times require many things which under other circumstances would be wholly unjustifiable, and accordingly the Provisional Congress, on January 22, last passed an act requiring that the arms of the volunteers now in service should be kept within the control of the President. (See act No. 363.) Nothing but the extreme peril to be apprehended from a dispersion of the arms in the hands of the troops, and the belief that the States would acquiesce in a measures absolutely essential to their own safety, would induce the Government to adopt a measure at first sight arbitrary; but if the failure of the conscription bill should render it necessary to execute the law, I shall enhe arms furnished by each State as far as practicable in the hands of her own troops, and will issue the orders necessary to effect this.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[APRIL 12, 1862- For Pettus to Beauregard, reporting number of men at the various rendezvous in Mississippi, preparing to enter the Confederate service, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 301.]

AN ACT for the payment of musicians in the Army not regularly enlisted.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That whenever colored persons are employed as musicians in any regiment or company, they shall be entitled to the same pay now allowed by law to musicians regularly enlisted: Provided, That no such persons shall be so employed except by the consent of the commanding officer of the brigade to which said regiments or companies may belong.

Approved April 15, 1862.

GENERAL ORDERS,WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 23. Richmond, April 15, 1862.

Parties who have been authorized by the War Department to raise troops in Texas are prohibited from enlisting or receiving twelve-months' men, and all authority heretofore granted by this Government to raise troops in any State is hereby revoked, unless the organization is completed and the muster-rolls returned to this office within sixty-days from the date of this order.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

SPECIAL ORDERS,ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 86. Richmond, April 15, 1862.

* * * *

VIII. Military commanders are directed and officers of the Niter Bureau are authorized to seize niter in the hands of private individuals who either decline to sell it or ask more than 50 cents per pound

