
for it. Certificates of impressment will be given by the officers making the seizure, which will entitle the party to the money when presented to any officer of the Niter Bureau, or the money may be paid at the time of the seizure. All quartermasters are directed to give precedence in transportation to niter over all other Government stores.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, April 15, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR OF CONFEDERATE STATES:

SIR: The act of the 15th of February last to provide for the connection of the railroad from Selma, in Alabama, to Meridian, in Mississippi, authorizes the President to advance to the president and directors of the Alabama and Mississippi Rivers Railroad Company, for the purposes stated, the sum of $150,000, upon such terms and conditions as he may deem best to secure the early completion of the proposed connection and to secure the repayment of the money advanced. Understanding it to be the desire of the Government to cause this connection to be made at the earliest day for military purposes, the undersigned, a member of the Board of Directors of said company, caused the acting chief engineer to prepare and furnish proper estimates of the work now to be done, and from these was of the opinion, in view of the increased and increasing price of railroad iron, supplies, &amp;c., and the increased cost which such prompt work would necessarily involve, that a further advance of $200,000 would enable the company to complete the proposed connection in time to meet the wishes and probable exigencies of the Government. The undersigned, however, was perfectly aware that though the road bed could be thus finished, the rolling-stock, of the company would be entirely inadequate for the probable requirements of the Government, but supposed that in case of necessity the Government might transfer to this road the rolling-stock of other roads not so immediately important, and it was the intention of the undersigned to have mentioned this sum (200,000), but by the advice of experienced railroad men he was induced to suggest an amount that would certainly not only complete the road bed in the shortest possible time, but also furnish an ample supply of rolling-stock. The undersigned did not intend by this application for an increased advance to convey the impression that the company would be unable to finish the road with the aid of the $150,000 already authorized. His sole object was to hasten the work and meet the wishes of the Government at the earliest possible day. The company holds, a large amount of stock notes on persons of unquestioned solvency, the payment of which is now delayed for want of a market for cotton; but the Board, with the aid already authorized, will proceed with all possible diligence to complete their road, and its president has already, relying on this aid, taken steps to procure the necessary amount of railroad iron, now becoming alarmingly scarce in the Confederate States. The undersigned has deemed it advisable to say this much in explanation of his former communication, and will now, in behalf of the company which he represents, submit the following proposition and statement, viz: That the said sum of $150,000 be loaned to said company for the term

