
exempt from military service; all twelve-months' volunteers within those ages to serve two years from the expiration of their term of enlistment, and all of them under eighteen and over thirty-five to remain ninety days unless their places are sooner supplied by recruits. The twelve-months' men who have not received bounty and furloughs are to have them, the furloughs to be granted in such numbers and at such time as the Secretary of War may deem compatible with public service. Re-enlistments for the purpose of changing from one regiment, battalion, or company to another, unless already perfected by transfer, are in effect canceled, and all authorities to raise new corps are vacated, unless within thirty days from the passage of the act the organization is complete and has the requisite number recruited from persons not now in service. Companies of infantry are to have 125, field artillery 150, cavalry 80. All corps of twelve-months' volunteer shall have the within forty days, on a day to be fixed by the commander of the brigade, to elect all their officers which they had a right heretofore to elect, such officers to be commissioned by the President. All white males between eighteen and thirty-five, subject to military duty and not now in service, are to be enrolled and mustered in and sent to the old regiments. All further discharges from expiration of term of service and transfer of re-enlisted men to new corps will be immediately stopped.

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

(The same addressed to Governor F. W. Pickens, Columbia, S. C. ; Governor Joseph E, Brown, Milledgeville, Ga. ; Governor John Milton (per Governor Shorter); Governor J. G. Shorter, Montgomery, Ala. ; Governor J. J. Pettus, Jackson, Miss. ; Governor T. O. Moore, New Orleans, La. ; Governor F. R. Lubbock, Austin, Tex. ; Governor H. M. Rector, Little Rock Ark. ; Governor I. G. Harris, Memphis, Ten. ; Governor G. W. Johnson (per Governor Harris); Governor C. F. Jackson (per Governor Harris); also sent to Major-General Magruder, Yorktown, Va., Major-General Ewell, Rapidan Station, Va. ; Brigadier-General Field, Fredericksburg, Va. ; Major-General Jackson, care quartermaster, Staunton, Va. ; Brigadier Gen. E. Johnson, care quartermaster, Staunton, Va. ; Brigadier-General Helth, Lewisburg, via W. S. S. Va. ; Brigadier Gen. H. Marshall, Gladesville, care quartermaster at Abingdon, to be forwarded; Major Gen. E. K. Smith, Knoxville, Ten. ; Major Gen. B. Huger, Norfolk, Va. ; Brigadier Gen. T. H. Holmes, Goldsborough, N. C. ; Major-General Pemberton, Pocotaligo, S. C. ; Brigadier-General Lawton, Savannah, Ga. ; Major Gen. Samuel Jones, Mobile, Ala., Major Gen. M. Lowell, New Orleans, La. ; General Beauregard, Corinton, Miss.)

SAVANNAH, April 15, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

I have just received your telegraph informing me of the passage of the conscription act. I have not seen the act, but presume you may construe it as disbanding the Georgia State troops. The troops are going out of service and the public exigencies require prompt action. Under the correspondence with you and General Lee, I had commenced re-enlisting them in the State service for three years, giving a credit

