
of the six months they have served. I now propose to cease my operations and to turn the troops who yet remain in service, with the responsibility, to you immediately, in such manner as may be most agreeable to the President, as it necessary to the safety of Savannah that the number of the State troops be immediately increased if they are kept in State service. I ask an immediate reply by telegraph to this place.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

RICHMOND, VA., April 15, 1862.

Governor BROWN,

Savannah:

Keep to troops together, as it will cause great trouble to enroll and bring them back if they disband. The act authorizes the President, with the consent of the Governor, to employ the enrolling officers of the State for the purpose of enrolling those not in Confederate service. You can, therefore, employ your enrolling officers immediately to enroll the men, and I will send instructions for their organization. All between eighteen and thirty-five are to be in the Confederate service; the remained may be organized by the States.

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, April 15, 1862.

Colonel SAMUEL A. ROBERTS,

A. A. G., Prov. Army, C. S., Bonham, Fannin County, Tex.:

SIR: The Secretary of war directs me to say, in reply to your letter of the 15th ultimo, that when the muster-rolls of the regiment referred to are returned to this office the staff will be dully appointed. In the meantime if the troops are ready to march, quartermasters and commissaries may be detailed to attend them from the subalterns of the regiment and this detail authority is hereby given you to make.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. -General Orders, No. 23, in print, prohibits the reception of any twelve-months' men, and requires all returns of rolls to be made in sixty days from its date, or the authority to raise the troops is revoked. A copy of the order will be sent you. *

BONHAM, TEX., April 15, 1862.

SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army:

SIR: This will be handed to you by Lieutenant Stratton, of one of the infantry companies just mustered in for the war. I have sent him as a special messenger to be certain to obtain a reply to the several matters to which I would call attention, and in doing so shall have to recapitulate much that is contained in my former letters (four by mail and one by telegraph from Clarksville, in Arkansas), to

---------------

* See p. 1059.

---------------

