
serve for the war, does not require that Government should carry out the understanding under which they re-enlisted, by permitting them to serve in organizations more acceptable to them than those in which they are now embraced. I should regret to see men now for the first time brought into the service under the stringency of the law vested with the right of choosing their association, while the same privilege is denied to those who have distinguished themselves by the alacrity with which they have volunteered.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

AN ACT to authorize the Secretary of War to divide the appropriation for the contingent expenses of the War Department and the Army.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the appropriation of $200,000 made for the incidental and contingent expenses of the Army and of the war Department in the act entitled "An act making appropriations for the support of the Government from April first to the thirteenth [thirtieth] of November, eighteen hundred and sixty-two," approved April third, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, be divided and applied, by the Secretary of War, to the incidental and contingent expenses of the War Department and to those of the Army, in such proportions, as, in his opinion, the exigencies of the public services may require.

Approved April 17, 1862.

AN ACT to encourage the manufacture of saltpeter and of small-arms.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That any person or persons who may propose to establish within the limits of the Confederate States a manufactory or manufactures of saltpeter and of small-arms adapted to the use of the Army, shall be entitled to receive from the Government an advance of 50 per cent. of the amount required for the erection and preparation of the works and machinery necessary to such manufactory or manufactures, to be repaid without interest in the product of such manufactory of manufactures, at a price to be agreed upon before such advance shall be made, and subject to the following conditions, to wit: First, That the contractor or contractors shall submit to the President a plan of the proposed works, showing their location, nature and extent, together with a sworn estimate of their probable cost, and a detailed account under oath of the amount already expended on the same, which amount shall be at least 25 per cent. of the entire estimated cost of such work. Second, That the amount so advanced shall be paid in installments as the works shall progress toward completion. Third, That the proposed enterprise and works shall be approved by the President. Fourth, That the contractor or contractors shall enter into bond with sufficient security, to be approved by the President, in the penalty of double the amount proposed to be advanced, and conditioned that the principal obligor or obligor shall well and truly, by a certain time, (which may be extended by the President if he thinks proper) named in the bond, proceed to erect, complete and put into effective operation the manufactory or manufactures proposed; that he or they will expend the sum named for these purposes; that he or they will appropriate the money advanced by the Government to such purpose and to no other use or purpose, and, as far as practicable, keep the property insured; and that he or they will repay the same from the

