
merchantable articles manufactured, to be delivered at such times and it such quantities as may be agreed upon, the same, in all cases to be inspected by a Government officer before it is received, until he or they shall fully repay to thates, in the article and at the price stipulated for the sum advanced; that the contractor or contractors shall subscribe a written oath, indorsed upon the back of said bond, which may be administered by any one authorized to administer an oath, that said advance is asked for the purposes specified in this act, and to other, and that he or they will so apply said funds, which may thus be advanced; and a willful and corrupt violation of this oath shall be deemed perjury, and punishable by imprisonment for not less three nor more than ten years.

SEC. 2. The provisions of this act shall apply to cases of enlargement or [or] manufactures of saltpeter and of small-arms, now established or being established within the Confederate States, but the advances made in such cases shall only be 50 per cent. upon the amount proposed to be invested in the enlargement of such manufactory or manufactures; and no now existing investment in such manufactory or manufactures shall be computed or taken into account in determining such 50 per cent.

Approved April 17, 1862.

AN ACT authorizing the issued of Treasury notes.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That in addition to the Treasury notes, authorized to be issued under previous acts, the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby required to prepare and put in circulation, by such means as he may deem proper to adopt, $5,000,000 of Treasury notes of the Confederate States, of the denomination of $1 and $2. Said notes shall be issued in such proportion of each, to the aggregate sum herein authorized as the said Secretary may determine, payable to bearer six months after the ratification of a treaty of peace between the Confederate States and the United States. Said notes shall be receivable in payment of all public dues, including postage, except the export duty on cotton.

SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, That the Secretary is hereby authorized to have said notes printed as he may deem most practicable and advisable in effecting a speedy issue and circulation of said notes.

SEC. 3. Be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to issue Treasury notes payable in six months after the ratification of a treaty of peace between the Confederate States and the United States, of a denomination not less than $100, bearing interest at the rate of two cents per day for each $100; the said notes when issued to be a substitute for so much of the $165,000, 000 of bonds authorized by the act of Congress, passed at the present session; and said notes shall be receivable in payment of all public dues except the export duty on cotton.

SEC. 4. Be it further enacted, That ry shall make report to Congress of the amount of each denomination of notes, herein required to be issued, which he may put in circulation.

SEC. 5. Be it further enacted, That the twenty-first and twenty-third sections of "An act to authorize the issue of Treasury notes, and to provide a war tax for their redemption" be, and the same are hereby declared to apply to the Treasury notes herein authorized, as fully, in all respects, as if the same constituted a part of this act.

Approved April 17, 1862.

