
RICHMOND, April 17, 1862.

His Excellency Governor J. E. BROWN,

Savannah, Ga.:

Were the State troops raised by Georgia, and lately under General Jackson, ever mustered into the service of the Confederate States, or were they still in the service of Georgia?

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

SAVANNAH, April 17, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

The States troops had never been mustered into the service of the Confederate States, but were still in the service of Georgia. You stated that all between eighteen and thirty-five must go into Confederate service. These taken out, my organization is disbanded; hence, to prevent confusion at a moment when Savannah is in great danger, I turned over the others with the conscripts to General Lawton, who accepted them altogether. Part of the State troops are mustered out, the term of others just expiring, and others have two months to serve. The transfer leaves General Jackson without a command. There is great dissatisfaction among the troops; some are almost mutinous. I will remain here for a time and do all I can to produce quiet. Jackson's appointment by the President to the command of the division, as it was, would have a most happy effect at a most critical moment. The city is in great peril.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

RICHMOND, VA., April 17, 1862.

Governor BROWN, of Georgia,

Savannah, Ga.:

Retain your State troops under their present organization. The enrollment can proceed hereafter, or other arrangements made at more leisure. The exigency does not permit of disorganization.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

SAVANNAH, GA., April 18, 1862.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS:

Under the correspondence with the Secretary of War the State troops have been actually turned over to the Confederate general, and my control over them has ceased. To resume it with a view to reorganization for a short period, when the reorganization may at any moment be destroyed by operation of the conscription act, would be peculiarly embarrassing. The terms of the troops are expiring; under the conscription act you can fill up the ranks, but if you hold that the act repeals the State laws, when they are in conflict, how can I recruit? If I resume the control can I cal for volunteers to fill up the ranks for three years or the war, and will you exempt such volunteers from the operation of the conscription act? If you do not it is impossible, in the present temper of the troops, for me to reorganize or make the force effective as a State force. Whatever is done should be done immediately.

JOSE

