
AN ACT to provide for the payment of officers of the Virginia militia for services rendered.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That all officers and non-commissioned officers of the Virginia militia who have been called into the service of the Confederate States by the order of any commanding officer of the C. S. Army authorized to make such call, or by the proclamation of the Governor of Virginia in obedience to requisitions duly made upon him by the President, shall be allowed, under the direction of the Quartermaster-General, compensation for the period of their actual service according to the rate of pay and allowances to which officers and non-commissioned officers of corresponding grades in the C. S. Army are by law entitled.

SEC. 2. Before any officer of militia shall be entitled to receive pay under the provisions of the preceding section, he shall present to the proper office to whom he may apply for payment, a certificate signed by the commandant of the brigade, regiment or battalion of militia to which he may have been attached, and approved by the commanding general of the army corps or department, with which such brigade, regiment or battalion was serving, which certificate shall state the precise period during which such officer was actually in service and performed duty according to his rank, not including in such period whatever time such officer was absent from duty with his command, unless absent on furlough, or detached or detailed service, by order of the commanding officer. Non-commissioned officers shall be required to present like certificates, signed by the commanding officer of the regiment or battalion to which they belong, before being entitled to receive their pay.

SEC. 3. All staff officers of the Virginia militia, duly appointed and qualified, according to the laws of Virginia, shall be entitled to receive the same pay and allowances as are provided by law for officers of corresponding grades in the C. S. Army, upon a like certificate that they have actually been in service and performed the duties prescribed for their respective grades by the laws of Virginia, and the laws and Army Regulations of the Confederate States.

SEC. 4. No payments under this act shall be allowed for any period subsequent to the thirtieth day of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-two nor shall any junior major of a regiment to which two majors may be attached, nor any paymaster or surgeon's mate be deemed to be entitled to pay or allowances under the provisions of this act.

Approved April 19, 1862.

AN ACT to amend and act entitled "An act to increase the Corps of Artillery, and for other purposes," approved August 21, 1861.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That section 3 of and act entitled "An act to increase the Corps of Artillery, and for the purposes," approved August 21, 1861, be so amended as to authorized the President to increase the salaries of master armorers or any them to a sum not exceeding $2,000 per annum.

Approved April 19, 1862.

AN ACT to amend the several acts in relation to the pay of chaplains in the Army.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That hereafter the pay of chaplains in the Army shall be $80 per month, with rations as now provided by law.

Approved April 19, 1862.

