
AN ACT to recognize the organization of certain military companies.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That in all cases heretofore occurring where companies not having the minimum number of men necessary to form a company as required by existing laws, have been organized into companies which have entered into the service by order of the commanding general or been received by such officer into the service, in all such cases the Secretary of War is hereby authorized and required to recognize said companies as if duly organized under existing laws, and the officers of said companies are hereby declared as entitled to the same rank to which they would have been entitled if the companies had been duly organized; and the officers and men thereof shall be entitled to draw their pay and rations as if they had been duly organized under existing laws.

Approved April 19, 1862.

AN ACT to prohibit the transportation and sale of certain articles in any port or place within the Confederate States, in the possession of the enemy, and to prohibit sale, barter or exchange of certain articles therein named, to alien or domestic enemies.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That it shall be unlawful for any person, either by himself or his agent, or in any manner whatever, to transport to any port or place in the Confederate States, which may be at the time in the possession of the enemy, or to sell therein, any cotton, tobacco, sugar, rice, molasses, sirup or naval stores.

SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, That the provisions of the act entitled "An act to prohibit the exportation of cotton from the Confederate States, except through the sea-ports of the said States, and to punish persons offending therein," be and the same are hereby extended to any person or persons violating the foregoing section of this act, and, in addition to such punishment, the party or parties offending shall forfeit and pay the Confederate States the value of the article sold or transported.

Approved April 19, 1862.

AN ACT declaring the officer who shall act as President in case of vacancies in the offices both the President Vice-President.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That in case of removal from office, death or resignation both of the President and Vice-President of the Confederate States, or of the inability of both to discharge the powers and duties of the office of President, then the President of the Senate, pro tempore, and in case there shall be no President of the Senate, then the Speaker of the House of Representatives, for the time being, shall act as President of the Confederate States, until the disability be removed, or a President shall be elected and inaugurated.

Approved April 19, 1862.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 26. Richmond, April 19, 1862.

I. It is made the duty of commanding officers of companies to sign with their own proper signatures all muster-rolls of their companies,

