
all final statements, certificates of disability, and descriptive lists. That power is not to be delegated to or exercised by any other person. Soldiers' discharged will be signed by commanding officers of regiments or commands to which their companies belong. Great confusion daily arises from the constant pursual of a different course. Sick, disabled, and discharged soldiers are very often unable to obtain their pay, the discrepancy of signatures rendering it impossible for this Department to verity the same.

II. Attention is called to paragraph 1066, Army Regulations, which provides that "as far as practicable officers are to draw their pay from the quartermaster of the district where they may be on duty. " Hereafter no payment will be made to an office on separate pay account by any other than the quartermaster of the post or regiment to which the officer may belong, except he be absent from his station under orders, on leave, or an account of sickness, and then only from the 1st of the month during which such absence occurs to its termination, and for such subsequent full month or months as he may continue to be detached from his regular station, unless he furnishes satisfactory evidence that payment could not be made him before leaving.

By order of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

SAVANNAH, April 19, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

The Governor of Georgia says he expects the Confederate Government to appoint enrolling officers to carry out conscription law. He will furnish militia rolls and all facilities in his power, but will not undertake the enrollment. I fear it will be necessary to let Georgia State troops go home, and to commence new organizations immediately from those willing to remain. This may be done to considerable extent. I request authority to act under the law as I may think circumstances demand.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

APRIL 21, 1862.

To the SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

I deem it proper to inform you that a number of acts passed by the Congress were presented to me at a very late hour on Saturday night. I have examined them as carefully as the limited time at my disposal has permitted, and have returned nearly all of them with my approval. There are, however, three of them to which I have objections, which it is impossible to communicate to you in writing within the few remaining hours of the session, and which will therefore fail to become laws. Happily the acts in question are not of great public importance. Recognizing, as I do, the right of Congress to receive the fullest information from the Executive an all matters of legislation on which his concurrence is required by the Constitution, I have considered it

