
more respectful to the Congress to make this statement of the cause which has prevented my action on these bills than to retain them without assigning my reason for so doing.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

AN ACT to authorize the exchange of bonds for articles in kind, and the shipment, sale, or hypothecation of such articles.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby authorized to exchange the bonds or stock of the Confederate States for any articles in kind, which may be required for the use of the Government, the said articles to be valued according to such regulations as the said Secretary shall make.

SEC. 2. It shall be the duty of the Commissary and Quartermaster Generals to direct their various officers to receive, at the place of purchase, all such articles purchased as are applicable to their several departments, and to apply the same in the same manner as if purchased directly by themselves; and the officer to whom each article is delivered shall be charged with the value as declared by the purchase, and shall be bound to account for the same.

SEC. 3. The said Secretary is also authorized to accept for the use of the Government in exchange for the said bonds or stock, cotton, tobacco, and other agricultural products in kind, which have been subscribed to the produce loan, or which may be subscribed in kind at such rates as may be adjusted between the parties and the agents of the Government: Provided, That in no event shall he receive of cotton or tobacco, a greater value than $35,000,000; and the said Secretary is further authorized to deposit the same at such places as he shall deem proper, and to procure advances thereon by hypothecation, or to ship the same abroad, or to sell the same at home or abroad, as he may deem best; and to assist these operations, the said Secretary may issue produce certificates, which shall entitle the party to whom issued, or his indorse, to receive the produce therein set forth, and to ship the same to any neutral port, in conformity with the laws of the Confederate States.

SEC. 4. The Secretary of the Treasury may, from time to time, appoint and dts as he may deem requisite to carry into effect the provisions of this act. Their compensation shall be a brokerage upon the business completed by them at such rates as the Secretary of the Treasury shall adjust by general regulation.

SEC. 5. The Secretary of the Treasury may, from time to time, issue regulations for carrying out all the details involved in the provisions of this act, which shall be obligatory upon all parties concerned therein.

Approved April 21, 1862.

A BILL [AN ACT] for the enlistment of cooks in the Army.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That hereafter is shall be [the] duty of the captain or commanding officer of his company to enlist four cooks for the use of his company, whose duty is shall be to cook for such company-taking charge of the supplies, utensils and other things furnished thereof, and safely keep

