
vessels or discharge of their cargoes at designated ports, and prescribing penalties for failure to do so, shall be, and the same are hereby, suspended.

Approved April 21, 1862.

AN ACT supplementary to An act further to provide for the public defense.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be and he is hereby authorized, to accept the services of any companies, squadrons, battalions or regiments which have been organized and are now in service under the authority of any of the States of the Confederacy, and which may be tendered by the Governors of said States, with an organization conforming to the act of March sixth, A. D. eighteen hundred and sixty-one, "to provide for the public defense. "

Approved April 21, 1862.

AN ACT to exempt certain persons from enrollment for service in the armies of the Confederate States.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That all persons who shall be held to be unfit for military services under rules to be prescribed by the Secretary of War; all in the service or employ of the Confederate States; all judicial and executive officer of Confederate or State Governments; the members of both Houses of the Congress and of the Legislatures of the several States and their respective officers; all clerks of the officers of the State and Confederate Governments allowed by law; all engaged in carrying the mails; all ferrymen on post routes; and pilots and persons engaged in the marine service and in actual on river and railroad routes of transportation; telegraphic operators, and ministers of religion in the regular discharge of ministerial duties; all engaged in working iron mines, furnaces and foundries; all journeymen printers actually employed in printing newspapers; all presidents and professors of colleges and academies, and all teachers having as many as twenty scholars; superintendents of the public hospital, lunatic asylums and the regular nurses and attendants therein, and the teachers employed in the institution for the deaf and dumb, and blind; in each apothecary store now established and doing business one apothecary in good standing who is a practical druggist; superintendents and operatives in wool and cotton factories, who may be exempted by the Secretary of War; shall be and are hereby exempted from military service in the Armies of the Confederate States.

Approved April 21, 1862.

AN ACT to amend an act entitled An act to further provide for the public defense, passed the sixteen day of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That all vacancies shall be filled by the President from the company, battalion, squadron or regiment in which such vacancies shall occur, by promotion, according to seniority, except in cases of disability or other

