
incompetence, and that whenever a vacancy shall occur in the lowest grade of commissioned officers of a company, such vacancies shall be filled by election: Provided, however, That the President may, when in his opinion it is proper, fill any vacancy by the promotion of any officer from any company, battalion, squadron or regiment in which the same may occur, who shall have been distinguished in service by the exhibition of extraordinary valor and skill; and that when any vacancy shall occur in the lowest grade of commissioned officers of any company, the same may be filled by selection by the President of any non-commissioned officer or private from the company in which said vacancy may occur, who shall have been distinguished in the service by the exhibition of extraordinary valor and skill; and that appointments made by the President shall be by and with the advice and consent of the Senate.

Approved April 21, 1862.

MONTGOMERY, April 21, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

Shall in a very short time have from twelve to fifteen regiments organized, without blankets. Mr. Benjamin wrote me thy would be sent. Does clause 18, of Special Orders, No. 80, from War Department, refer to State arms in hands of ninety-days' troops serving at Mobile? I cannot suppose that it does. Prisoners at Talladega will reach Selma to-day. Near 1,000 prisoners there without blankets; almost without clothing. Can get bagging for them if authorized.

Do state authorities enroll under conscript act?

JNO. GILL SHORTER,

Governor.

[First indorsement.]

Forward the blankets as soon as possible.

G. W. R.

[Second indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

April 25, 1862.

Major Calhoun, quartermaster at Montgomery, ordered to procure bagging for the prisoners. Major Lee, Charleston, ordered to send 5,000 blankets for issue to the Alabama regiments new troops.

Respectfully returned to Secretary of War.

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, Ga., April 22, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: So soon as I received from the Secretary of War official notice of the passage by Congress of the conscription act, placing in the military service of the Confederate States all white men between the ages of eighteen and thirty-five years, I saw that it was impossible for me longer to retain in the field the Georgia State troops without probable collision and conflict with the Confederate authorities in the

