
too, highly approve of his plan. I know the character of the population he proposes to enlist, and think they will render as efficient aid as any class we have. If the rules of the Department will permit it,

I hope he will be accepted.

I am, yours, very respectfully,

E. S. DARGAN.

[Inclosure .]

MOBILE, ALA., April 23, 1862.

SIR: I can raise a battalion or regiment of creoles, who are mixed blooded; all of them free under the treaty with France by which Louisiana was acquired. They are mostly property-holders, owning slaves, and a peaceable, orderly class, and capable of doing good service. They are as true to the South as the pure white race. As yet none of them have gone to the war, but have been anxious to do so. If such a battalion or regiment can be received, I can raise it in a few days. Pleases let me know if such material will be accepted.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. HUGGINS CLEVELAND.

RICHMOND, VA., April 23, 1862.

Governor BROWN,

Savannah:

An acts has passed and been approved authorizing the President to accept State troops, if tendered by the Governor and authorized in conformity with the act of March 6, 1861. You can therefore tender your State troops, and if organized in conformity with said act they will be received.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[APRIL 23, 1862. - For Milton to Randolph, in relation to the organization of troops in Florida, see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 238.]

MILITARY DEPARTMENT,

Columbia, S. C., April 23, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I ask leave to inclose a report* made by me to the Governor and Council of South Carolina, a copy of which in February last was sent to your predecessor. It relates to the power of appointment in the regular forces raised by South Carolina anterior to the formation of our present Confederacy and subsequently turned over to the Confederate Government. A difference of opinion had arisen between the Confederate Government and this State as to the power of appointment of officers in said forces. The report was sent for the purpose of presenting the views of the Governor and Council on the subject. No response has ever been received to the communication inclosing

---------------

* See February 10, p. 913.

---------------

