
numbers to 38,000. This number is now in field from North Carolina. Twelve regiments of troops originally for the war-service have been fully recruited. The twelve-months' regiments have very generally re-enlisted, taking the furloughs and bounty. Those over thirty-five years who have taken the bounty, I presume, will not be relieved under the ninety-days' clause. Besides the above troops in the Confederate service, within the past two months I have recruited for the war about 10,000 troops, who are mostly now in our camp of instruction (Camp Magnum) near this place, and some companies are still recruiting. These troops were intended to be drilled and discipline here, and turned out for the defense of the State when required or turned over to the Confederate service if a large number were required from us. First. I desire now to inquire if the State has her present quota in the field? Until another quota is called will the conscript act be enforced? Second. If more are required, will the recruits now in our Camp Magnum be received in lieu of the conscription; and will the volunteers over thirty-five years be accepted in place of the conscript? Third. Is the volunteering stopped on the passage of the conscription? Fourth. Will the Confederate bounty be paid to any one who volunteers subsequent to the passage of the act? Fifth. Will the conscription act take in the militia officers as well as privates? Sixth. If North Carolina has not in the field her requisite number or quota, will the new volunteers be received; or will there be a conscription to fill up to the maximum the companies of the present regiments? The twelve regiments now in camp of instruction, and organized by election of field officers, are being regularly drilled, but the ordinary camp sickness prevails extensively among them; but they are not armed, and I see but little prospect of procuring arms unless you will capture them from the Yankees. Whenever these regiments can be made available they shall be in service. When and upon what grounds are they to be turned over to you? The solution of these inquiries will aid me much-in fact, are necessary for me to fulfil my engagements to the Confederate States. On answer I would like to have by telegraph-whatever volunteers can be received since the passage of the conscript act.

Most respectfully, yours,

HENRY T. CLARK.

RICHMOND, VA., April 26, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

To carry into full effect the act of Congress approved April 16, 1862, calling citizens of the Confederate States between the ages of eighteen and thirty-five into the military service, it is hereby ordered that so far the interests of the service will permit the persons employed in the offices of the Executive Department of the Confederate Government and the staff departments of the Army and Navy will be selected from those not subject to military duty. General officers who are provided with the aides-de-camp allowed by law, should they find it necessary to accept supernumerary or volunteer aides, must only receive those exempt from military service.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

(Copies to the Secretaries of the Navy, State, and Treasury, and to the Attorney-General and Postmaster-General.)

