
determined by lot; but recruits for the cavalry will only be taken from those who furnish their own horses.

III. - VOLUNTEERS FOR EXISTING CORPS.

8. Persons liable to military service under the above act, not in service on the 16th of April, and wishing to volunteer in any particular company in the Confederate service on the 16th day of April, may report themselves prior to their enrollment at a camp of instruction within their respective States, where they will be enrolled, prepared for the field, and sent to the said company until the same shall be filled up.

9. Recruiting officers may be detailed, with the permission of the generals commanding military departments, by the commandants of regiments and corps and sent to their respective States for the purpose of receiving for such regiments and corps, in conformity with recruiting regulations heretofore adopted (General Orders, No. 6.), all volunteers desiring to join them. Such volunteers may be assembled at the camps of instruction in their respective States, prepared for the field, and sent to their respective regiments and corps until the same shall be filled up; or, if ready for the field, may be ordered directly to their corps by the officer so recruiting them.

IV. - VOLUNTEER CORPS HERETOFORE AUTHORIZED.

10. Persons liable to military service under this act, and not in service on the 16th day of April, may, until 17th day of May next, volunteer in corps heretofore authorized to be raised by the Secretary of War, or by the Executive of any State, as part of the quota thereof, in pursuance of a call made upon such State by the President. Persons authorized to raise such corps, who may not on that day have the necessary number of men enrolled and mustered into service, according to the terms of their authority, will proceed with their men to a camp of instruction of their respective States, and will deliver their muster-rolls to the commandant thereof.

11. The commandants of such corps as are completed on or before the 17th day of May, and not otherwise ordered, will report to the commandants of the recruits respective States, and with their corps will be placed by him in a camp of instruction, and reported immediately to the Department. Such corps will be under the command of the commandants of recruits in their respective States, and will be prepared for the field in like manner with the recruits, until removed from the camp. They will only be moved under orders from the Department, from the commanding general of the Army, or, in urgent cases, from the commanding general of the military department in which the camps may be situated; and in such cases report will immediately be made to the Department by the officer in command of the camp.

V. - ADDITIONAL CORPS- GUERILLA SERVICE.

12. Under the prohibition of this act against the organization of new corps, no further authority for that purpose can be given, except that specially provided for in the act of Congress entitled "An act to organize bands of partisan rangers. " For this latter purpose applications must be made through the commanding generals of the military departments in which the said corps are to be employed.

