
XI. - EXEMPTIONS.

19. Persons claiming exemption from military duty under this act shall be required by the enrolling officer to make oath that they are lawfully exempt and shall be furnished by him with a certificate of such exemption.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, April 28, 1862.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor of the State of Georgia:

DEAR SIR: I have received your letter of the 22d instant informing me of your transfer of the Georgia State troops to General Lawton, commanding Confederate forces at Savannah, suggesting that there be as little interference as possible on the part of the Confederate authorities with the present organization of those troops, and mentioning various persons and classes as proper subjects for exemption from military service under the provisions of "An act to further provide for the public defense," approved on the 16th instant. I inclose copies of the act for receiving State troops tendered as organized, and of the exemption act. * By the first, interference with the present organization of companies, squadrons, battalions, or regiments tendered by Governors of States is specially disclaimed. By the other, exemptions are made which explain (satisfactory I trust) the policy of Congress with regard to the persons and interests you specify. The constitutionally of the act you refer to as the "conscription bill" is clearly not derivable from the power to call out the militia, but from that to raise armies. With regard to the mode of officering the troops now called into the service of the Confederacy, the intention of Congress is to me, as to you, to be learned from its acts, and from the terms employed it would seem that the policy of election by the troops themselves is adopted by Congress.

With great regard, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

GENERAL ORDERS,WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 31. Richmond, April 29, 1862.

I. Military commanders are hereby prohibited from interfering with the transportation of provisions on railroads, except when the exigencies of the service required the exclusive use of the cars for the transportation of troops, arms, and munitions of war.

II. All agents on railroads between Richmond, Va., and Jackson, Miss., will receive and forward promptly at least two trains weekly of flour and breadstuffs to Jackson, Miss., marked "For the Committee of Public Safety, New Orleans," and in return shipments of sugar and molasses made by the committee to Richmond or any other place on the route, at the expense of parties making such shipments.

--------------

*See p. 1081 for both acts.

---------------

