
But this order is not to interfere with the transportation of troops or munitions of war, which in all cases will have preference, as above indicated.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL C. S. ARMY,

Richmond, April 29, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The stock of flour in the hands of depot commissaries here is being rapidly reduced by demands from different points in the South, where this article as scarce and relatively much dearer than in this market. Further purchases can now be made here, payable only in Treasury notes, and should be made at once, I think. The fall of New Orleans puts a stop to further supplies of sugar and molasses. If the enemy shall control the entire navigation of the Mississippi River we shall be excluded from further receipts of beef from Texas, in which State large numbers of cattle have been and were being brought at latest dates under orders from which this department. The same cause will also prevent our getting a large number of cattle which have been collected in the State of Louisiana. Unless my requisitions can be filled promptly and to an adequate amount in current funds, not bonds (which latter are at a heavy discount), it will be almost of not absolutely impossible for this department to feed the armies of the Confederacy. The foregoing is submitted as being worthy of your earliest attention.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

TUSCALOOSA, April 29, 1862.

Mr. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I like the liberty of saying a word to you in regard to the burning of cotton and tobacco as ordered by Congress. Has not the time fully come when the torch should be applied to the cotton and tobacco? New Orleans has fallen an easy prey to the Yankees, cutting in two the Confederacy, abandoning Missouri at least to Lincoln, and cutting ourselves off from Texas, the only place where meat can be supplied to our Army. The Mississippi River is now in their power and will be opened to Pittsburg, and the scarcity in new Orleans, amounting to almost destitution, will compel them to open trade with the provision States. The Yankees will soon overrun the cotton States and destroy our crops, which will starve the people and Army and bring about submission to Lincoln, unless some great victories are soon won by us, and we can see no prospect of that, or even marauding parties of a few thousand driven off of our best producing sections in North Alabama, where fine wheat crops planted for our armies will be harvested and given to our invaders. The wheat crop south of the valley of the Tennessee River is poor; the Army cannot receive any

