
support from that crop down South. The fall of New Orleans has produced fear and alarm amongst the people for the succeed of the cause for which we are fighting, and you will very soon see a proclamation from Lincoln to the Southern planters, making it a penal offense for any one to burn cotton or tobacco, and I am sure it would greatly alarm the people, and I am very sure they will not burn a bale of cotton, even on the Mississippi River, if they can avoid it, though they known Lincoln will got every bale. They will haul it a few miles off the river, and be made by the Lincoln army to haul it back. Now, sir, it appears to me a provost-marshal in every county in the cotton and tobacco States should be appointed, with instruction to burn every bale, revising just enough to clothe each family, allowing one-half pound to the yard, needed for one year, and the Confederacy taken charge of enough for the different factories. Let the tower be pulled down at once and be left by Europe as well as America, for the South is essential to the civilized world, and the powers of Europe could have presented the war by timely interference. Now let them suffer while we are a ruined people. Why not carry the war into Kentucky, or even their own territory, if we can. Let them overrun the South, as they will anyhow, shall we not more likely turn them from the South by sending our armies north? Our struggle must be one of endurance anyhow.

Now as to gun-boats, and I have done. Why, at this late period, when Lincoln has covered the seas with iron-clad boats and ships, and is ready to enter our harbors and destroy our cities, as at New Orleans, begin to built iron-clad gun-boats? What have we done but to get them in an advanced state, and then turn them over to the Lincoln Army to be turned against us. We have all the time, by retreating and falling back, furnished his Army with guns and provisions, and we are now doing the same by furnishing them gun-boats. Whenever a people expect to prepare themselves for defense in time of war by the women raising money to carry on the war, by giving up their luxuries, by selling suppers, and getting up raffles, it argues two things - zeal in the people and weakness in the Government. Lincoln has shown more wisdom in his extravagance than our Government in her economy. We are too slow, and are too contented we shall ultimately get our independence to accomplish anything but losses and disgrace. Now, the gun-boats we are building at Charleston will fall into Lincoln's hands, when a large amount of money has been spent on them, including the women's patriotic subscription. Give up such silly notions and move from that city everything valuable, as it will be in Lincoln's hands in thirty days; and os of Savannah. Let our gun-boats be built under the shadow of the Merrimac and in haste, or Norfolk must be taken, I fear. Excuse this long letter, as I feel very intensely the suffering condition of our country and can see no light before us.

Very respectfully,

A. BATTLE.

RICHMOND, VA., April 29, 1862.

General GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to call your attention to General Orders, No. 8, of February 26, 1862, directing the formation of the Maryland Line. Repeated applications for transfers have been made, but as yet with very little success. In some cases the officers have refused

