
RICHMOND, April 29, 1862.

Colonel JOHN S. PRESTON,

Columbia:

You are assigned to take charge of the enrollment, &amp;c., of the troops of South Carolina under the conscription act and regulations relative thereto.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 32. Richmond, April 30, 1862.

The following act of Congress and regulation having been approved by the President are publish for the information of all concerned. *

I. All white men, residents of the Confederate States, between the ages of eighteen and thirty-five years, not specially exempted by the above act, are not be enrolled for military service.

II. The regulations already in force for ascertaining physical ability or disability for military service are continue.

III. Certificates of exemption under this act will be granted by enrolling officers, or by captains of companies, and commandants of camps, by whom a substitute may have been received, to the person furnishing such substitute, in conformity with regulations already published.

IV. In accordance with the General Regulations, PAGE284, one wagon with each regiment in the field will be appropriated for the transportation of hospital supplies. This wagon, with the ambulances, will be reserved for the especial use of the hospital department, and regimental commanders and others are prohibited from using them for other purposes.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 30, 1862.

His Excellency Governor BROWN,

Milledgeville:

Fearing that my telegraph to you on the 23d instant about the State troops will be received if tendered by you under an organization conforming to the act of March 6, 1861. I presume that their present organization conforms to that act. If so, I will accept them upon being notified of your wishes. When in the Confederate service they will be in all respects on the footing of the other troops, and may be filled up with conscripts. All over thirty-five will be discharged in ninety days.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

---------------

* See an act to exempt certain persons from enrollment for service in the armies of the Confederate States, approved April 21, 1862, p. 1081.

---------------

