
[Inclosure No. 2.]

COLUMBIA, April 30, 1862.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR and EXECUTIVE COUNCIL OF SOUTH CAROLINA:

The undersigned, as chairman of the Board of Visitors of the State Military Academy, respectfully asks leave to call the attention of Your Excellency and Council to the effect of the conscription act of the Confederate Congress on the State Military Academy. A large portion of the cadets of that institution now pursuing their military and liberty studies and preparing themselves for a higher usefulness in military operations are over the age of eighteen years and subject to conscription under the Confederate act above referred to. If these young men are not assured of being relieved from the operation of the conscription act they will wait to be called into the Confederate service, but will immediately leave the academy to select such corps as they may prefer to serve in. In that case the number left under the conscription age will be so few that the disbanding and breaking up of the institution will be a necessity. I respectfully beg Your Excellency and Council to take such measures to avert the calamity involved in the destruction of that noble institution as to you may seem meet.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES JONES,

Chairman of Board of Visitors.

ENGINEER BUREAU, April 30, 1862.

Captain E. T. D. MYERS,

Provisional Engineer Corps, C. S. Army:

SIR: By the decision of the Secretary of War you are directed to proceed with the location of the Danville railroad extension, selecting that route between Danville and Greensborough which may appear to you best adapted to the economical construction and working of the road, considered as a connecting link between the Virginia and the Southern roads.

Very respectfully, yours,

A. L. RIVERS,

Acting Chief Engineer Bureau.

COLUMBIA, S. C., April 30, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor tom acknowledge the receipt by telegrr assigning me to the charge of enrolling, &amp;c., the troops of South Carolina under the conscription act. However at variance with my tastes and desires, at this stage of our national conflict I obey the order cheerfully, and will execute it to the best of my ability. I beg respectfully to suggest that one rendezvous or camp of instruction will be sufficient for this State, and to ask that I be permitted to select the locality, subject to the approval of the Department; and, further, that I be specially charged, as military commandant of the post and camp, with the organizations required by the law and regulations, subject, of source, to the orders of the general commanding

