
the department. Unless my authority for enrollment, organization, subsistence, and movement is as full as the law allows, the service may be impeded by a want of concurrent action between the Confederate and State authorities. My purpose will be sedulously to harmonize this action, but the State having a very large quota in the field may be somewhat reluctant to suffer a further drain. With the entire matter placed in my hands, under the general commanding, feel confident of energetic and harmonious action on the part of the State authorities.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

May 3, 1862.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War.

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Send Colonel Preston the instructions prepared for commandants of camps of instruction.

[G. W. RANDOLPH.]

C. S. NITER BUREAU,

Richmond, May 1, 1862.

From this date until further notice 75 cents per pound will be paid for niter by agents of the Government. Deduction will be made for impurities exceeding 10 per cent. For lead and sulphur special instructions as to price will be given.

I. M. ST. JOHN,

Major and Superintendent.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., May 1, 1862.

JACOB W. PAYNE, Esq.,

New Orleans, La.:

SIR: The Congress of the Confederate States has appropriated the sum of $1,500,000 to aid the completion of the New Orleans and Texas and Texas and New Orleans Railroads. This money the Government proposes to advance as it may become necessary, taking a mortgage on the works and property of the roads for the return of the money and personal security for its faithful application. For this purpose we need an agent to advise us of the sufficiency of the sureties and the condition and progress of the work, and we request that you will act for us in that capacity. You may employ an engineer whenever you may need professional advice; and, if you accept the position, we beg that you will keep the Government advises through this Department of all matters necessary to be known in regard to the condition and progress of the work. I inclose herewith

