
[MAY 1, 1862. - For Brown to Davis, in relation to the defense of the State of Georgia from threatened invasion from the north, see Series I, VOL. X, Part II, p. 480.]

RICHMOND, May 1, 1862.

Governor J. J. PETTUS, of Mississippi,

Jackson, Miss.:

Persons engaged in foundries and necessary railroad employees are exempt be law. The Secretary of War is clothed with authority to exempt operatives in woolen and cotton factories. The terms do not embrace tanneries and gun-shops, but they are so clearly in the spirit of the law that I authorize you to exempt them from conscription until the pleasure of Congress can be known. You will also exempt the necessary operatives in cotton and woolen factories until you can make application and receive the orders of the War Department. Overseers we must take from the classes not subject to enrollment, as there is no power to exempt them.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[MAY 1, 1862. - For Pettus to Beauregard, in relation to organizing mounted companies to keep down disorder among the slaves in Mississippi, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 309.]

[MAY 2, 1862. - For Davis to brown, in relation to measures for the defense of the State of Georgia, see Series I, VOL. X, Part II, p. 481.]

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 34. Richmond, V., May 3, 1862.

I. The following act of Congress and accompanying regulations are published for the information of all concerned:

AN ACT to organize battalions of sharpshooters.

SECTION 1. The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the Secretary of War may secure to be organized a battalion of sharpshooters for each brigade, consisting of not less than three nor more than six companies, to be composed of men selected from the brigade or otherwise, and armed with long-range muskets or rifles, said companies to be organized, and the commissioned officers therefor appointed by the President, by and with the advice, and consent of the Senate. Such battalions shall constitute parts of the brigades to which they long, and shall have such field and staff officers as are authorized by law for similar battalions, to be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate.

SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, That for the purpose of arming the said battalions, the long-range muskets and rifles in the hands of the troops, may be taken for that purpose: Provided, The Government has not at its command a sufficient number of approved long-range rifles or muskets wherewith to arm said corps.

Approved April 21, 1862.

II. Generals commanding military departments may cause to be organized within their commands battalions of sharpshooters, as provided int his act, in such numbers as they may deem necessary, not

