
exceeding one such battalion for each brigade, and will report to the Department the organization of such corps, recommending for appointment the commissioned officers allowed by law.

III. In organizing such battalions generals commanding may cause such details or transfers to be made as will not reduce any company or corps below the minimum number required by law, taking the men for each such battalion so far as possible from the particular brigade of which it is to from a part.

IV. Requisitions will be made upon the Ordnance Department for the arms for such battalions, and until the said requisitions can be filled the generals commanding may cause such exchanges and transfers of long-range muskets and rifles to be made as may be necessary to arm the said battalions, returning surplus arms when such requisitions are filled to the Ordnance Department.

V. (Supplementary to General Orders, No. 30, section VI.) The commissions of the staff officers of reorganized regiments and battalions of twelve-months' volunteers are not affected by such reorganization, except that of the adjutant, whose commission expires with that of the commanding officer, if the said officer be not re-elected.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., May 5, 1862.

Hon. E. S. DARGAN,

Mobile, Ala.:

SIR: Your letter of the 23d ultimo, recommending that authority be granted to G. H. Cleveland to raise a battalion or regiment of creoles, has been received. In reply I have the honor to inform you that the law does not permit the Department to accept any new corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Assistant Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, Ga., May 5, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I received your telegram at Atlanta, on my return from Chattanooga to this place, informing me that you were authorized by a late act of Congress to accept the State troops, if tendered by companies, squadrons, battalions, and regiments, as provided by act of March 6, 1861. I replied, advising you that I had, under the correspondence between us, transferred the State troops on the 16th of April last to the Confederate general in command, who accepted them, of which I informed you. These facts having all been laid before you at the time of the transfer I can see but a single object which you ca have in now offering to accept the regiments, &amp;c., if tendered, and that is, as I construe your dispatch, that you are willing to place these regiments thus transferred upon the same footing of other regiments,

