
battalions, &amp;c., in Confederate service. This would be a simple act of justice, and, if I put the proper construction on your telegram, I am much gratified at the conclusion at which you have arrived. As I stated in my reply, I am informed that General Lawton has disbanded most of the troops and sent them home. It is said, however, that those who fall within the age of conscripts are to return after a short furlough. On their return they can, if you so direct, be placed under theld officers who commanded in their respective regiments while in State service, and the places of those not conscripts, who do not return, filled by recruits who either volunteer to join the regiment or are sent to the regiments by your order. This would maintain the regimental organization of the troops and to that extent do justice by placing them, as they have a right to be, upon terms of equality with Confederate regiments. These troops were organized under the statutes of this State, and some of the companies did not have the numbers specified by the act of Congress of March, 1861, but, this defect could be easily obviated by ordering in a sufficient number of recruits, who are at your command, to fill the companies to the number now required by law. I deeply regret that the late act of Congress (a copy of which has been sent me by the President) did not provide for the reception of the troops by divisions and brigades as organized by the State. The generals in command of the State troops at the time of the transfer are officers of very great merit, who have labored hard to bring their respective commands to high state of proficiency. The State cannot, without great inconvenience, afford to lose the services of such generals as Jackson, Walker, Harrison, and capers at a time of so great public peril. I must therefor renew and urge my request that General Jackson be appointed by the President to the command of the division to be reformed out of the State troops and the recruits necessary to fill the regiments, which I am willing to arm with the State's guns, if the rights of the State are respected in the organization. I have further to request and urge that each of the brigadier-generals, to wit, Harrison, Capers, and Walker, be reappointed by the President to the command of their respective brigades.

If these gentleman sustain a character for gallantry and ability a officers equal to others who may be assigned to the command (and I feel quite sure that no one who knows them will question it), the fact that they were appointed to the respective positions lately occupied by them by the highest authority in the State, and that the troops lately commanded by them may be armed by the State in the event of their appointments, certainly presents a case where it would be proper that the wishes of the constituted authorities of the State should be respected. I express but the opinion of half a million Georgians when I say that these generals will compare most favorably with many now in Confederate service, occupying the rank held by them, respectively, while in State service. I am aware that it has been objected that the appointment of General Jackson, as a major-general, to the command of his old division would cause him to rank General Lawton, who now commands this military district. This is not the necessary result, as the President has power to assign General Lawton to his old command, while General Jackson has the command of his old division. There is precedent for this in the action of the President when he assigned General Loring to the command in Northwestern Virginia, where General Jackson was his senior officer and ranked him, and still General Jackson was assigned to a command

