
of one wing of the army, acting separately but under the general direction of General Loring, his junior officer. As the President has the power thus to regulate the relative commands without regard to rank, this could be no obstacle in the way of the act of justice which I claim for the gentleman above mentioned. You will greatly oblige me by communicating your decision in reference to the maintenance of the integrity of the State regiments, and the decision of the President in regard to the appointment of the generals, at the earliest day possible, as the troops will soon return to the field, and it is important that your pleasure be known at an early day.

With great regard, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, May 5, 1862.

Brigadier Gen. P. O. HEBERT,

Houston, Tex.:

(Care A. M. Gentry, Esq.)

SIR: You will, at the request of Mr. A. M. Gentry, president of the New Orleans and Texas and Texas and New Orleans Railroads, appoint a commission for the assessment of property necessary to be taken for the construction of that road to its terminus, and you are requested to give him all needful and proper facilities for the collection of material and for the completion of the work.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, Ga., May 6, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I have seen your telegraph to Colonel Barkuloo that the Georgia State troops (of which his regiment composed part) will be accepted by you if tendered by me. I beg to refer you to our former correspondence and my letter to you of yesterday. If another tender of that which has already been tendered and accepted is necessary, as a matter of form to secure their rights to the officers and soldiers of the later State regiments, I hereby retender all the State regiments, and ask that they be continued in Confederate service and placed upon terms of perfect equality with regiments which originally entered the Confederate service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, may 6, 1862.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER,

Governor of Virginia:

Sir: By virtue of the conscription act all persons under eighteen and over thirty-five years of age in the Confederate service are entitled to their discharge unless they have volunteered for the war. I would suggest, therefore, that it would be well to discharge at once

