
all the militiamen over thirty-five who have been assembled to be transferred to the Virginia Regiments, If they remain we shall have the burden of feeding and generally of nursing them, and shall receive no benefit from their services, for they will be entitled to their discharge so soon as they are mustered into the C. S. service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., May 6, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have bad the honor to receive the letter of R. G. H. Kean, Chief of the Bureau of War, of the 3d instant, inclosing General Orders, No. 30. In reply I inclose a copy of our enrollment act, passed February 8, 1862, and state that I have no objection to the use of our enrolling officers by the Secretary of War for the purposes specified in the fourth paragraph of the orders.

Respectfully,

JOHN LETCHER.

[Inclosure.]

An ACT for ascertaining and enrolling the military force of the Commonwealth.

Be it enacted by the General Assembly, That immediately after the passage of this act the Governor shall procure from the commandants of the several regiments, battalions, and detachments of the Virginia Volunteers complete rolls of the several companies now in service, to be returned forthwith to the adjutant-general of the State, designating the name, age, and residence of each volunteer, the time of his enlistment, and when his term of service will expire, and the company and regiment to which he belongs.

2. It shall be the duty of the Governor to cause all the male citizens of the Commonwealth between the ages of eighteen and forty-five not now in the active volunteer service to be enrolled service to be enrolled as soon as may be after the passage of this act, designating all exempts, and the cause of such exemption, including all refugees from districts in possession of the enemy, and the term of such service; and in all the tide-water counties the enrollment shall also specify all sailors and watermen; and he is hereby authorized to or in lieu of those now established by law, as will enable him promptly and efficiently to perform the duty hereby imposed upon him; and to that end he may require the services of the commissaries of the revenue and sheriffs or sergeants of the several counties, cities, and towns, or such other officers as to him shall seem expedient and necessary. In making such enrollment it shall be the duty of the Governor to ascertain and state them time, if any, for which any of the militia shall have been in the service of the Confederate States, or of the State of Virginia, during the existing war.

3. If any person liable to military duty shall fail to have his name enrolled by the officer appointed for that purpose for ten days after the notice or proclamation requiring such enrollment shall have been posted or published at two or more public placed in his ward or magisterial district, he shall, unless there be sufficient excuse for such

