
failure, be enrolled or drafted among the first levied to be drawn from such county or corporation.

4. If any officer shall fail to perform any duty required of him by the Governor under this act he shall be subject to a fine of not less than $20 nor more tan $200.

5. The officers enrolling the militia under this act shall be entitled to a compensation, to be fixed by the Governor, Not exceeding 10 cents for each person enrolled; and the claims for such compensation shall be paid on the certificate of the Governor.

6. This act shall be in force from its passage.

Passed February 8, 1862.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, May 6, 1862.

Messrs. JOHN FRASER &amp; CO.,

Charleston, S. C.:

GENTLEMAN: We are desirous of placing $1,000,000 to the credit of Captain Caleb Huse, our agent, to purchase arms in Europe. He is, as you know, generally in London, and could avail himself of a on your house in Liverpool. Can you furnish us such a letter to the extent above indicated, or assist us in the matter in any other way?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 105. Richmond, May 7, 1862.

* * * * * * *

X. Camp Lee, Richmond, is constituted a camp of instruction, agreeably to regulations published in General Orders, No. 30.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

C. S. NITER BUREAU,

Richmond, May 7, 1862.

Lieut. Colonel J. GORGAS,

Chief of Ordnance:

SIR: One of the most important questions which ever comes up for the consideration of the Niter Bureau is the propriety of taking possession of caves containing nitrous earth, and having these caves worked either by energetic private parties who have contracts to furnish niter to the Government, or else having them worked on Government account, and when the Bureau was organized Major St. John was completely under the impression that the responsibility of deciding properly such questions would rest upon himself or some officer responsible to him, and has given instructions to the officers of the corps in accordance with this impression. A case, however, occurred in yesterday, and I decided that it was proper to take possession of a cave

