
Saltillo; Colonel M. P. Lowrey, No. 32 (infantry), now at Corinth; Colonel F. W. Adams, No. 38 (infantry), now at Jackson. Colonel D. J. Brown, No. 36, was a twelve-months' regiment, raised for sea-coast service, but has been transferred to General Beauregard and is now at Corinth. It will be reorganized. There is also Balfour's battalion of infantry at Meridian and Gordon's battalion of cavalry at Columbus. These battalions will be filled to regiments.

JONES S. HAMILTON,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, DEPT. OF STATE,

Richmond, Va., May 16, 1862.

C. G. BAYLOR, Esq.:

SIR: In answer to your communication of this morning I have the honor to state that this Government has no desire to destroy any cotton belonging to neutrals, but, on the contrary, is willing to extend to it full protection while in its power, provided the like protection can be made effective when the cotton may fall into the possession of the enemy. The past conduct of the Government of the United States, and the passive attitude of neutral nations whose rights have been violated by the United States, have satisfied us that if cotton belonging to neutrals be allowed to fall into the hands of the enemy it will be seized and appropriated by them regardless of neutral rights, and that neutral powers will fail to afford any protection to the rights of their subjects when thus violated. If, however, as you suggest, any official assurance shall be formerly communicated by the Government of any neutral nation to this nation of a nature to satisfy us that cotton belonging to the subjects of such neutral nations shall be effectually protected against seizure and appropriation by the enemy of allowed to fall into his possession, this Government will have no hesitation in issuing instructions to refrain from the destruction of such cotton even when exposed to seizure by the enemy.

I am, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of State.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 36. Richmond, May 17, 1862.

I. All applications for discharge made by persons over thirty-five years of age, who may have been drafted since the 10th of march, 1862, under the Virginia laws, and assigned to military organizations serving under authority of the Confederate States, will be granted by brigade commanders, regimental and company commanders causing to be made out and signing the "Soldier's discharge" and "Final statements," required in all cases of discharge; said papers to indicate cause for the discharge.

II. In all cases where promotion is due from seniority, and the competency of the parties entitled by position to promotion is questionable, a board of examines shall be convened by brigade commanders to determine the candidates' capacities of instructing and controlling the commands commensurate with the grade to which promotion is

