
expected, as also their efficiency and perfect sobriety. All newly elected officers will be examined before similar boards of examiners, to determine their competency and the confirmation of their election.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, May 19, 1862.

Hon. THOMAS H. WATTS,

Attorney-General, Confederate States:

SIR: I desire your opinion upon the following questions arising under the conscription act: The first section requires the discharge of all persons under eighteen and over thirty-five years of age in the regiments, battalions, &amp;c., to be reorganized under the provisions of the act. These regiments and battalions are the twelve-months' volunteers (section 1) and regiments and battalions composed of twelve-months' companies and war troops combined (section 2). Most of the Virginia troops who re-enlisted for the war and received the bounty are in one or the other of the two classes above mentioned, and many of them come within the letter of the provisions granting the discharge of all persons under eighteen and over thirty-five years of age, while most of the same class at the South are in war regiments and are not entitled to their discharge. As such a discrimination as this could not have been intended by Congress, it is questionable whether the letter of the act in this particular should be observed, and I must request your opinion as to the right of a volunteer for the war over thirty-five years of age to his discharge, if he is in a corps to be reorganized under the act.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 37. Richmond, Va., May 19, 1862.

I. The following act and regulation in reference thereto are published for the information of all concerned. *

II. By the above act of Congress the following classes of persons are exempt from enrollment for military service: Justices of the peace, sheriffs and deputy sheriffs, clerks and deputy clerks allowed by a law, masters and commissioners in chancery, district and State attorneys, attorney-general, postmasters and deputy postmasters and clerks allowed by law, commissioners of revenue, and foreigners who have not acquired domicile in the Confederate States.

III. The following are not exempt: Militia officers not in actual service, persons exempt by State laws but not by the above act, foreigners who have acquired domicile in the Confederate States.

IV. No persons other than those expressly named or properly implied in the above act can be exempted, except by furnishing a substitute

---------------

* See an act to exempt certain persons from enrollment for service in the armies of the Confederate States, approved April 21, 1862, p. 1081.

---------------

