
exempt from military service, in conformity with regulations already published (General Orders, No. 29), and such exemption is valid only so long as the said substitute is legally exempt.

V. Persons who have furnished substitutes will receive their certificates of exemption from the captains of companies or the commandants of camps by whom the substitutes have been accepted. Other certificates of exemption will be granted by the enrolling officers only, who will receive full instructions in regard to the conditions and mode of exemption. Applications for exemption cannot, therefore, be considered by the War Department.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 114. Richmond, May 19, 1862.

* * * * * * *

XXXIII. Military officers will impress niter caves on requisition of officers of the Niter Corps.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[MAY 20, 1862.]

Instructions to ordnance officers in the field.

First. The chief of ordnance of an army corps and ordnance officers of separate commands will correspond with the chief of the Bureau of Ordnance relative to supplies of ordnance and ordnance stores with the commands to which they are attached. Requisitions made whether for money or stores will be approved by the general commanding.

Second. The division ordnance officers will correspond with the chief of ordnance of the army corps to which the divisions are attached and obtain supplies through him. They will be responsible for the property under their charge, and may have an ordnance officer or military store-keeper to assist in the care and responsibility of the property.

Third. Division ordnance officers will obtain one or more wagons for each regiment in their division as ordnance wagons. These wagons will be separate from the train of wagons for reserve ammunition, and will be marked with the name of the regiment to which they are assigned, and will be placed in charge of the ordnance-sergeant of the regiment. The wagons will be covered if possible with painted cloth covers for security against the weather, and each wagon will be supplied with a spare tarpaulin. These wagons will habitually follow their respective regiments.

Fourth. On the eve of battle the division ordnance officer will, under direction of the chief of ordnance of the army, station the ordnance wagons at the point selected for the division field depot of ammunition under charge of his assistant; each train of brigade

