
ammunition wagons under charge of the senior ordnance-sergeant of the brigade. He will keep himself acquainted with the movements of brigades and cause the wagons of any brigade which may be detached to follow the movements of the brigade.

Fifth. The ordnance-sergeants, together with the details habitually assigned to them for their regiments, will constitute a corps devoted as well to the preservation of the captured and other ordnance stores as to supplies of ammunition of the various regiments. One man of each detail should follow the movements of the regiment to ascertain its wants and to communicate with the field depot. The habitual details from each regiment should be augmented before a battle to not less than six men from each regimen. The ammunition wagons, their loads temporarily removed, will, as circumstances favor, be employed to carry to the rear such arms and other captured stores as are left upon the battle-field.

Sixth. Especial care must be taken in selecting competent, prompt, and efficient men for the duties of ordnance-sergeants. They may be removed for cause and new appointments ordered, on the application of the division ordnance officers through the chief of ordnance of the army corps, by the commanding general.

Seventh. The ammunition wagons to each regiment will not supersede the necessity for division supply trains.

Duties of ordnance-sergeants.

First. To obey the direction of the division ordnance officer of the brigade ordnance officer)if the brigade is a separate command) in all relative to care and preservation of arms and duties connected therewith.

Second. To take charge of all supplies, arms, and ammunition of the regiment and make returns of the same according to "Ordnance regulations. "

Issues to be made on written requisitions approved by the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment; which requisitions are to be filed with his "Return of property. '

Third. To take charge of the ordnance wagon or wagons attached to each regiments, and to see that it always contains at least fifteen rounds per man of the regiment - surplus arms or accouterments to be turned over to the brigade or division ordnance officer.

Fourth. To supervise the condition of the arms of the regiment and get a detail of at least two mechanics to assist him in the necessary repairs to the arms, an account of these repairs to be kept as far as possible against each man of the regiment; repairs to be made on the order of the colonel of the regiment.

Fifth. To take charge of the arms and accouterments of the sick of the regiments in hospitals, which will be kept until the sick are sent to the general hospital, when their arms be turned over to the brigade or division depots.

Sixth. In battle it will be the duty of the ordnance-sergeants to remain with the ammunition wagons and act with the details assigned to them from the regiments, under the orders of the ordnance officer, in supplying the troops with ammunition, collecting arms of the killed and wounded, and securing captured arms and ammunition.

Approved;

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

