
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., May 20, 1862.

His Excellency Governor J. E. Brown,

Milledgeville, Ga.:

DEAR SIR: At the time you turned over the Georgia States troops to General Lawton Congress had not passed the act authorizing their reception. Upon the passage of that act I informed you by telegraph that I was authorized to accept them, and have just received your letter of the 5th instant tendering them to the Confederate States Government. They will be in all respects on the same footing as regiments raised under the authority of the War Department. If the muster-rolls have not been delivered to General Lawton I must request that you will cause them to be forwarded to the Adjutant-General. I shall lay your letter before the President. I have appointed Colonel Dunwody to take charge of the enrollment of conscript, and have furnished him with full instructions and a copy of the act of exemption. No State officer is liable to enrollment, and should any such officer be enrolled it will only be necessary to bring it to the notice of the Department. Your letter in reference to the seizure of your arms here I trust has been satisfactorily answered by General Lee, to whom it was referred. It is almost impossible to avoid such things when a cargo is hastily landed and moved off without time to examine marks or invoices. I presume that your arms are usually marked "J. E. B. " This was not known to be your mark until recently, and will be respected hereafter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[MAY 21, 1862. - For T. O. Moore to Davis, in reference to the enrollment of conscript in Louisiana, &amp;c., see Series I, VOL. XV, p. 740.]

GENERAL ORDER,WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 38.Richmond, May 22, 1862.

I. The following act of Congress is published for the information of all concerned:

AN ACT to punish drunkenness in the Army.

SECTION 1. The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That any commissioned officer of the Regular or Provisional Army who shall be found drunk, either while on or off duty, shall, on conviction thereof before a court of inquiry, be cashiered or suspended from the service of the Confederate States, or be publicly reprimanded, according to the aggravation of the offense, and in addition to a sentence cashiering any such officer, he may also be declared incapable of holding any military office under the Confederate States during the war.

SEC. 2. That it shall be the duty of all officers to report to the commanding officer of the post, regiment or corps to which they belong, all cases coming under their observation of intoxication of commissioned officers, whether of superior or inferior grades to themselves; and it shall be the duty of the commanding officer of the division or brigade to which said post, regiment or corps belongs, to whom such report may be made, to report the same to the officer commanding the brigade or division, who shall organize said court and order the trial of said offender at the earliest time consistent with the public service.

