
GENERAL ORDERS,ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 39. Richmond, May 26, 1862.

I. The second paragraph of General Order, No. 36, is hereby revoked, and the following substituted therefor: When an officer elected or promoted in the Provisional Army, by reason of seniority, is by law to be commissioned by the President, and there is reasonable ground to doubt his qualification or fitness for the commission, his brigade commander, if there be one, or if not, then his division commander will assemble a board of not less than three commissioned officers of equal or superior rank to the officer elected or promoted, who shall inquire into his qualifications and fitness for the commission and shall report to this office, for the information of the War Department, the fact of the case, and their own opinion of the Qualification and fitness of the officer. This order will apply to all persons not yet commissioned or reorganized as in commission by the Department.

* * * * * * *

V. Frequent complaints having been made of injury to fencing and to the grounds on or near which troops have encamped, attention is called to the 983d paragraph of the Army Regulations, which requires the commanding officer and quartermaster to make an inspection of buildings occupied as barracks, quarters, or lands occupied for encampments, when they are vacated, and a report to be made to the Quartermaster-General of their condition, and of any injury to them by the use of the troops.

This regulation will be strictly enforced; and in case of injury not reported by the commanding officer and quartermaster, they will be charged on their pay account of the troops with the damage done. If report be made, it must specify by whom the injury was inflicted, and the deduction is such case will be made from the pay of the offending party.

VI. Hereafter brigadier-generals will have timely requisitions made for all blanks issued from this office, in order that they may be forwarded for early distribution.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, Ga., May 26, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 20th instant, in which you say in reference to the conscription act that you "have appointed Colonel Dunwody to take charge of the enrollment of conscripts, and have furnished him with full instructions and a copy of the act of conscription. No State office is liable to enrollment, and should any such officer be enrolled it will be only necessary to bring it to the notice of the Department. " Be assured, sir, that I feel much gratified at this statement, as the adoption of such a policy as to the enrollment of conscripts in Georgia will insure perfect harmony in that regard between the Confederate and State governments. I am frank to avow to you that I view the conscription act not only as unnecessary as to Georgia, but as unconstitutional as

