
which I had just passed, I suggested that perhaps much had been gained to the cause of the South by the necessary postponement of that question in his State until the meeting of the Legislature, as by that time, perhaps, those who had been sent to Washington by the border slave States would probably learn that the elements of security, if not of peace, were to be found within and not without their own borders. The more recent action orkansas has not tended to impair my confidence in this suggestion. His Excellency informed me that he would make known to the Legislature, when reassemble on the 20th of March next, my mission and its purpose. I remained in the seat of government-Frankfort-four days, during which I was admitted to free intercommunications with Governor Magoffin, and he has placed me under acknowledgments for many courtesies, and civilities during my sojourn at Frankfort. I reached this [place] on my return from Kentucky on the d instant.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your very obedient servant,

W. C. T.

WEST POINT, N. Y., February 25, 1861.

Colonel BEAUREGARD,

Engineers:

MY DEAR SIR: Your cadet friends (Messrs. Olivier, Frost, and myself), whom you were kind enough to advise while at the Point not long since, have resolved, relying upon your kindly consideration, to impose a still greater tax upon your kindness by endeavoring to induce you to favor us with more advice. The avowed policy of Mr. Lincoln's Administration is to collect the revenues as formerly and to deny the sovereignty of the Southern Confederacy, which will doubtless lead to immediate war. Now, my dear sir, would it be better for us to wait for this contingency and apply to the Southern Congress for duty and orders, or to apply directly and immediately to the Governor of our State, offering ourselves for duty? Your opinion on this matter would be gratefully received by us, and your impressions respecting the chances of a war, the probabilities of our being able to secure good positions in the service, either of the State or the Southern Confederacy, and any information as to the present status of our State army, its organization, &amp;c., would relieve us of much inquietude and place us under lasting obligations.

With much anxiety as to your response, I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. D. SANDIDGE,

Cadet.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

February 26, 1861.

GENTLEMEN OF THE CONGRESS:

Though the General Government of the Confederate States is specially charged with the questions arising from the present condition of Forts Sumter and Pickens, and the Executive is required by negotiation or other means to obtain possession of those works, and though the common defense and the issues of peace or war of the Confederate States must necessarily be conducted by their general agents, the only material of war which we possess is held by the

8 R R-SERIES IV, VOL I

