
moneys of the banks seized at Columbus for the use of the ordnance department at Columbus. This money was not in the Treasury, but was seized by the military commander at the request of this Department to prevent its falling into the hands of the enemy. Mr. Hatch is the agent of the military commander, General Lovell, and had the money in possession. It is obvious, therefore, that the Government is responsible for the money, and that it must be accounted for to the legal owners. Mr. Hatch was on his way to deposit it with the Assistant Treasurer at Montgomery. If, under these circumstances, the general of an army can intercept the money and use it for any purpose he may think fit, great confusion will cause. The War Department is the judge of the necessities of its various bureaus, and makes its requisitions on the Treasury. These requisitions are all paid in Treasury notes. If one be paid in coin and others in Treasury notes the utmost injustice os perpetrated. Moreover, the coin is of the highest value for other purpose, and if used by the Government it should be employed for purposes other than those which can be answered by Treasury notes. I feel it my duty, therefore, to report this seizure as a master calling for your examination and interposition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of the Treasury.

[Indorsement.]

MAY 27, 1862.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

Direct General Forney to release the money immediately, and inform General Beauregard of his ultimately intervention.

J. D.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR,

Montgomery, Ala., May 28, 1862.

Captain J. W. BONDURANT,

Commanding Jeff Davis Artillery, Richmond:

SIR: The Governor is in receipt of yours of the 24th instant, and in reply directs me to state that he has received no instructions under the conscript act. He cannot proceed until he does. There have been recently nineteen new regiments organized in the State, besides a legion with twenty-three companies. Some of them have been ordered away and several of them are required at Mobile, but there are no less than five regiments in camp, and the legion doing nothing. Alabama has upward of 60,000 troops in the service, and the number of conscripts will be made, most of them having volunteered.

Very respectfully,

GEO. GOLDTHWAITE,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDER,WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 40. Richmond, May 29, 1862.

I. The following act of Congress and regulations in reference thereto are published for the information of the Army, viz:

AN ACT to organize a signal corps.

SECTION 1. The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President be an is hereby authorized by and with the advice and consent of

