
the Senate, to appoint officers on the Provisional Army, of a grade not exceeding that of captain, and with the pay of corresponding grades of infantry, who shall perform the duties of signal officers of the Army. And the President is hereby authorized to appoint ten sergeants of infantry, in the Provisional Army, and to assign them to duty as signal sergeants. The signal corps above authorized may be organized as a separate corps, or may be attached to the Department of the Adjutant and Inspector General, or to the Engineer Corps, as the Secretary of War shall direct.

Approved April 19, 1862.

II. The Signal Corps authorized by this act will be attached to the Adjutant and Inspector General's Department, and officers of that department may be instructed in and assigned to signal duty.

III. A signal officer will be attached to the staff of each general or major-general in command of a corps, and of a major-general in command of a division. These signal officers will each be assisted by as many signal sergeants, and instructed non-commissioned officers and privates, selected from the ranks for their intelligence and reliability, as circumstances may require; and as may lance sergeants as are required may be appointed. Such non-commissioned officers and privates may be detailed for this duty by the generals in whose command they are serving. Before being instructed they will each be required by the signal officer to take an oath not to divulge, directly or indirectly, the system of signals, the alphabet, or any official message sent or received thereby. Non-commissioned officers, while on signal duty, and privates, on this duty, will receive forty cents per day extra pay.

IV. Commissioned officers of the Signal Corps, or officers serving on signal duty, will be entitled to the forage and allowance of officers of similar rank in the cavalry. Non-commissioned officers and privates on signal duty will be mounted by the quartermaster, on the order of the commanding general.

V. Requisitions for flags, torches, glasses, and all the material required will be made on the Quartermaster's department, or they may be purchased by the quartermaster of any division, on the order of the major-general commanding.

VI. On the order of the general commanding a corps, other officers, non-commissioned officers, or privates than those regularly on signal duty may be instructed in the system of signals, after having taken the oath prescribed above. Whenever it is practicable it is specially recommenced to all general officers to have their assistant adjutants-general and aides-de-camp instructed.

VII. Whatever is prescribed herein for a division or for a major-general will be observed in the case of each brigade which constitutes a separate command.

VIII. All officers and non-commissioned officers accepting appointments to the signal Corps will forward with their acceptances the oath prescribed above, sworn to before a magistrate, notary public, or commissioned officer of the corps.

IX. Quarterly returns of signal property will be made by all officers having it in charge to the Quartermaster's Department, and the senior signal officer of each separate army in the field will report quarterly to the Adjutant and Inspector General the number and organization of the signal corps of the army, and its general operations during the previous quarter.

X. It will be the duty of the signal officer of every division in the

