
authorities of the several States. To distribute the arms and munitions so as best to provide for the defense of the country, it is needful that they be placed under the control of the General Government. We have now but little information as to the quantity and quality of the military supplies on hand, and have no authority to call for returns from the officers of the States. The courtesy and patriotism of the respective Governors would no doubt willingly meet such inquiry, and would probably induce them to transfer either armament or stores in compliance with a requisition from this Government, but efficiency requires the exclusive control as well of the means as of the works of defense. The General Government being also charged with foreign intercourse, may have in the course of negotiation to account for the property of the United States which, as a consequence of secession, passed under the authority of the several States anterior to the formation of this Government. For these considerations I respectfully suggest that the proper legislation be adopted to secure the transfer of all arms and munitions now in the forts, arsenals, and navy-yards to the custody of the Government of the Confederate States, and that full returns be made of all arms and munitions which have been distributed from the public stores to the troops of the several States, with authority to this Government to take charge of the accountability for them, and also to receive, to be accounted for to the several States, such arms and munitions as have been purchased by them, and which they are willing to devote to the common service of the Confederacy. The difficulty of supplying our wants in that regard by purchases abroad or by manufacture at home is well known to the Congress, and will render unnecessary an argument to enforce the general policy herein presented, and I have only respectfully to commend the subject to your consideration.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

AN ACT for the establishment and organization of a general staff for the Army of the Confederate States of America.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That from and after the passing of this act the general staff of the Army of the Confederate States shall consist of an Adjutant and Inspector General's Department, Quartermaster-General's Department, Subsistence Department, and the Medical Department.

SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, That the Adjutant and Inspector-General's Department shall consist of one Adjutant and Inspector-General, with the rank of colonel; four assistant adjutant-general, with the rank of major, and four assistant adjutant-general, with the rank of captain.

SEC. 3. Be it further, enacted, That the Quartermaster-General's Department shall consist of one Quartermaster-General, with the rank of colonel; six quartermasters, with the rank of major; and as many assistant quartermasters as may from time to time be required by the service may be detailed by the War Department from the subalterns of the line, who, in addition to their pay in the line, shall receive $20 per month while engaged in that service. The quartermasters herein provided for shall also discharge the duties of paymasters, under such regulations as may be prescribed by the Secretary of War.

SEC. 4. Be it further enacted, That the Commissary-General's Department shall consist of one Commissary-General, with the rank of

