
final statements in each case of discharge to be made out and sent to the officer granting the discharge, for the benefit of the discharged soldier.

VI. The following is published for the information of all concerned:

The act No. 52, approved March 6, 1861, section 19, provides that "there shall be allowed, in addition to the pay hereinafter provided, to every commissioned officer except the Surgeon-General, $9 per month for every five years' service; and to the officers of the Army of the United States who have resigned or may resign, to be received into the service of the Confederate States, this additional pay shall be allowed from the date of their entrance into the former service. "

The foregoing act applies to all officers of the U. S. Army who have resigned from that Army to be received into the service of the Confederate States, whether in the Regular or Provisional Army.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP OF INSTRUCTIONS,Columbia, S. C., June 4, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that instantly on the receipt of my orders and instructions under the conscript act, which reached me on the 26th of May, I made application to the Governor of South Carolina for permission to employ States enrolling officers for the purpose of the enrollment of conscripts, and furnished His Excellency with a copy of my instructions in full. I have received no response to this application. The public exigency seeming to require promptitude in the conscription I ask instruction by telegraph. It is proper to report that after the passage of the conscript act - say about the 1st of May - and in view of the act the State of South Carolina began an enrollment, which I was officially informed would be placed in my hands before the 1st of June. I am now informed it will not be returned before the 20th of June at the earlier. I am also informed that when returned it will be expurgated of the names of persons exempt by State law. Shall I accept this enrollment, or shall I proceed at once to enroll by employing Confederate officers as under the law? It is proper to represent that the authorities of the State have given me to understand they will persist in every form to require exemption under the State law. Not less than twenty officers belonging to South Carolina regiments in Virginia have reported to me under orders from their colonels to obtain their quota of conscripts. Some I have ordered to return to their commands; others having furloughs I have given leave of absence; others are held to duty. I suggest that the two latter classes be employed by me in enrolling, and that colonels be ordered not to send officers or rolls until applied to by the commandant of the camp of instruction.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Camp of Instruction.

P. S. - I have the honor to inclose a copy of my letter to and the reply of the enrolling officer of the State of dates previous to my instructions of the 16th of May.

J. S. P.

