
[Inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS, Columbia, S. C., May 23, 1862.

Major MELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General of south Carolina:

MAJOR: Preparatory to arrangements for the disposal of the troops under the conscription act I beg leave respectfully to inquire of you as the enrolling officer -

First. Do you expunge from your enrollment persons exempt by State laws but not specifically exempt by the conscription act?

Second. Do you accept claims for exemption passed by the local boards of examination?

Third. Will your enrollment when returned to me as the officer charged with the disposing of the troops for exemption and the decisions thereon?

Fourth. Within what time may I expect you to return to me the enrollment?

These questions are submitted, as the matter is proper to my report to the War Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Camp of Instruction.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Columbia, May 24, 1862.

Lieut. Colonel JOHN S. PRESTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army, Columbia, S. C.:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 23d instant has just been laid on my table, and I immediately answer the questions you propound.

First. It is proposed to send you a roll expurgated of such persons as are exempted by State laws, but not specially exempted by the exemption act of the Confederate Congress.

Second. The names of persons exempted by the local boards of exemption for physical disabilities will be returned to you, with the cause of exemption set down.

Third. The rolls being expurgated will not show causes for exemption except physical disability.

Fourth. The rolls are being prepared as rapidly as possible, and will I hope be dent to your prior to the 15th of June.

I have the honor to be, colonel, with great respect, your obedient servant,

WILMOT G. DE SAUSSURE,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CAMP RANDOLPH,

Calhoun, Gordon county, Ga., [June 5, 1862?].

(Received 16th, 1862.)

Adjutant and Inspector General S. COOPER,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Since my last report stating the result of my interview with the Governor of Georgia I have the honor to inform you that I called

