
adjutant is Charles S. Hardee, late second lieutenant of the Tattnall Guards, an unattached company, stationed at Oglethorpe Barracks, Savannah, Ga. As most of the officers of the regiments, &amp;c., which will report at once at camp are very deficient in a acknowledge of tactics, and will need instructions, and as the conscripts will commence to report at camp by Monday, the 16th instant, I have selected a list of drill-masters whose names I respectfully submit to the Secretary of War, with the request that their commissions be forwarded at once. I shall order as many of them as I think will at present be necessary to report at camp without delay, and as fast as they arrive I will assign them to their respective duties.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN DUNWODY,

Major and Asst. Adjt. Gen., Commanding Camp, &c.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

June 17, 1862.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Nominate staff and appoint six first-named drill-master with rank and pay of second lieutenants of infantry. Inform Major Dunwody that further appointments will be made if needed, but that an unnecessary number should not be appointed.

G. W. R.

[Inclosure No. 1] SPECIAL ORDER, HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA AND GA., No. 61.Charleston, May 28, 1862.

* * * * * * *

VII. Brigadier Gen. A. R. Lawton, commanding Second Division, District of Georgia, will detail a commissioned officer for each Congressional district of Georgia, who will report for instructions to Major John Dunwody, Adjutant-General's Department, Provisional Army, C. S., charged by the War Department with the enrollment and mustering into service of such persons as are subject to military duty under the law usually known as the conscription act. In addition to the commissioned officers as specified above a reliable non-commissioned officer or private will be detailed to accompany each officer as an assistant. Major-Dunwody is further authorized to cause to be detailed not to exceed two competent persons from those who shall have been enrolled in each county as additional assistants to the officers detailed for the district.

By order of Major-General Pemberton:

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

