
the Army that when they wish lines built or removed, officers established or discontinued, or agents or operators appointed or removed, &amp;c., they shall apply to this Department to have it done, or such other order as will in your judgment relieve me of the embarrassments above referred to.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. REAGAN,

Postmaster-General.

CANTON, GA., June 9, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: The scarcity of salt and the difficulty in securing a supply is causing much uneasiness among the people of this State. Under these circumstances I have determined to do all in my power to secure a supply for our people, and thus prevent much suffering and distress. Through the agency of Hon. John W. Lewis, one of the Senators from this State in Congress, I have been able to secure the privilege of using a supply of water at the salt works in your State. I have also made preparation to engage actively in making salt in a few days. Senator Lewis, who is a gentleman of very superior practical sense and of great energy of character, has consented to take charge of the State's works at Saltville, and to devote much of his time to the business as a public benefit without compensation. He has a son, Baylis John Lewis, who is a young man of fine business habits, and would be of great value to him in the prosecution of the work. Baylis John Lewis is between the ages which subject him to conscription, but he is not a conscript, as he volunteered, and is now in service as a private in the company commanded by Captain John P. Daniel, in Colonel J. A. W. Johnson's regiment, now in camp at Camp McDonald, seven miles from Marietta. It is my wish and that of the Senator that his son be detailed to assist him in the manufacture of slat, while he himself is engaged in the business for the State. He does not wish him discharged from the service, but only detailed for the time and purpose above mentioned, after which he will return to his company and regiment in the service. While thus detailed Baylis would receive no compensation from the Confederacy, but would except his pay to stop till his return to his company. I would esteem it a special favor to me and the State if you could grant this request. My family are here for the summer, and I am detained for a time on account of family affliction. Please direct your reply to me at this pac necessary order, if the request of Senator Lewis and myself should receive your favorable consideration.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, TREASURY DEPT.,

Richmond, June 10, 1862.

W. H. YOUNG, Esq.,

President Bank of Columbus, Columbus, Ga.:

SIR: Inclosed I hand you a copy of an agreement between R. M. Davis, esq., president of the Bank of Louisiana, and myself in relation to the coin of that bank which has been seized by the Government and

