
is now deposited with you for safe-keeping. As prescribed in the terms of the agreement, you will please retain the coin until the Government orders otherwise.

Respectfully,

C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of the Treasury.

[Inclosure.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, TREASURY DEPT.,

Richmond, June 9, 1862.

W. H. YOUNG, Esq.,

President Bank of Columbus, Columbus, Ga.:

SIR: The Secretary of the Treasury has informed me that the Government, in ordering the coin of the banks of Louisiana to be seized, had no other motive than to prevent its falling into the hands of the public enemy, and that he is satisfied that this result could not be attained in any other way. It has therefore been agreed between the Secretary of the part of the Government and myself on the part of the Bank of Louisiana that the coin of that bank, amounting to $2,539,798. 79, now deposited with you for safe-keeping, shall so remain, and shall not be removed, except to some safer place, without the consent of the Government of the Confederate States.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. DAVIS,

President Bank of Louisiana.

Approved.

C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of the Treasury.

RALEIGH, N. C., June 10, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have selected a desirable location in this vicinity for a camp of instruction. I have applied to Governor Clark for permission to employ the enrolling officers of the States, and have the promise of his reply to-morrow. The enrollments have been furnished by the colonels of militia without compensation from the State. Please instruct me what compensation I can allow them for enrolling conscripts. Returns of sixty-three regiments have been furnished me by The Governor, footing up over 16,000 conscripts. This, however, will be greatly reduced by exempts and volunteers since enrolled. In order to save time, fill up the regiments now in the field as fast as possible, I purpose, with your approval, sending a commissioned officer and an assistant surgeon to each county (with the muster-roll furnished by the State as a check) to enroll, accept substitutes, examine and give certificates to all persons who may be exempt from disability. This will save transportation for many exempts who would otherwise be obliged to go to camp at great inconvenience to themselves and unnecessary expense to the Government. By dividing the State into sections the work can be accomplished with comparatively few officers. After enrollment, substitutes accepted, and certificates given to exempts at each precinct or muster ground, the conscripts will be sent immediately to camp for instructions and distribution. For enrolling officers I propose employing as far as

