
practicable those 'sent by commandants of regiments with their muster-rolls to take charge of such recruits as may be furnished to said corps. " This plan of operation which I take the liberty of proposing was suggested by General Holmes. I respectfully submit the same for your consideration. If approved I shall require five assistant surgeons for this duty, besides a surgeon to remain at camp. Numerous applications are made daily for the position of field-master. With your consent I will select and furnish you with a list for approval.

Waiting your further orders and instructions, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

PETER MALLETT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 42. Richmond, June 11, 1862.

1. Provost-marshals are prohibited from taking cognizance of civil cases.

2. When martial law has been proclaimed the civil tribunals are authorized to take cognizance of civil cases to the extent of granting injunctions as usual, when it is necessary to prevent irreparable mischief; to make orders necessary to enforce the same, and to secure the custody of infants, in persons entitled thereto; to decide suits for divorce, and to make necessary orders for alimony and personal safety of the parties; to recover rents and the possession of real estate and slaves.

3. Where the officers of the court cannot execute the judgments, decrees, and orders in the cases above mentioned they may be certified to the provost-marshal, who will receive instructions to carry the, into effect.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

MONTGOMERY, June 11, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

There are several counties in this State in which much disaffection exists. In these counties there will be great difficulty in enforcing the conscript act. I think I can manage it by obtaining from that section volunteers for companies in service on the 16th of April if you will authorize me to have them mustered in and to give them transportation to the companies they volunteer into. Important this should be acted on early.

JNO. GILL SHORTER,

Governor of Alabama.

[JUNE 11, 1862. - For Moore to Beauregard, in relation to the organization of Louisiana troops under the conscription law, see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 812.]

