
promotion of the officer next in rank in the company in which such vacancies exist, except in the cases covered by paragraph II of General Orders, No. 36, current series. A copy of the order will in all cases be furnished to this office for the approval of the Secretary of War.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 136. Richmond, June 13, 1862.

* * * * * * *

III. All further recruiting for partisan regiments, battalions, and companies in the Department of Henrico is hereby prohibited, and all recruiting officers found engaged in such service will be punished if it be continued.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WHITERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

June 13, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires information respecting arrangements made for procurement of conscripts in the different State to fill up the reduced ranks of regiments now in the field. Will you oblige him by giving information respecting camps already established, and the prospects of obtaining conscripts, if officers are sent to those camp?

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

JUNE 14, 1862.

Respectfully submitted to Secretary of War with lists if camps of instruction.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

The following camps of instruction under the conscription act have been established: In Virginia: At Camp Lee, Richmond, Lieutenant Colonel Shields commanding; at Dublin Station, Major James B. Dorman commanding. In North Carolina: At Raleigh, Major Peter Mallett commanding. In South Carolina: At Columbia, Lieut. Colonel John S. Preston commanding. In Georgia (no station named): Major John Dunwody commanding. In Alabama (no station yet named): Major William G. Swanson commanding. In Texas (no station yet named): Major Thomas M. Jack, commanding. In Louisiana: At Opelousas,

