
made? If not, shall I proceed instantly to employ Confederate officers to make the enrollment? Should you make the order for this proceeding I request that you will order the officers at once to report to me. I venture to suggest that I can make the enrollment in this way and get forward the conscripts as early as by accepting the roll, and at less expense to the Government and less inconvenience to the people.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Camp of Instruction.

ATLANTA, June 17, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

Your enrolling officers have enrolled several of the State officers of the militia, who will not be permitted to be carried away from their commands. You stated in your letter of the 20th [ultimo] that no State officer os liable to enrollment, and asked me to call your attention to it if done. Please send me by telegraph and order for release of all such who have been enrolled, and direct Major Dunwody to stop the enrollment of State officers, or I shall order the arrest of each officer who arrests a State officer. I wish an immediate reply.

JOS. E. BROWN.

(Repeated June 19 from Marietta, Ga.)

RICHMOND, June 17, 1862.

His Excellency Governor BROWN,

Atlanta:

Members of the companies who were in the State service on the 16th of April will not be interfered with. I have no authority to exempt from enrollment persons between eighteen and thirty-five years of age who were not in the State service on that day, unless they are executive or judicial officers.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 44. Richmond, June 17, 1862.

I. At the expiration of their term of service all paroled prisoners who are not enlisted for the war will have their names dropped from the muster-rolls and will be discharged the service of the Confederate States. The commissions of the officers will expire with the terms of their men.

II. No persons, other than those authorized by the command general of an any army or the commanding officers of districts under martial law, shall be recognized as agents for taking possession of private property. These agents, before making any impressments, shall present their written authority, and when they take property their receipts shall designate the officer who is to pay for it.

