
III. Congress having conferred on the President the right, during the existing war, "to take such control of the lines of telegraph in the Confederate States, and of such offices connected therewith as will enable him effectually to supervise the communications passing through the same," and to exercise other powers in reference to telegraph lines, and the President having charged the Postmaster-General with the discharge of these duties, requisitions for building lines, the establishment and discontinuance of offices, the appointment of operators and agents, the disposition of material, &amp;c., must be addressed to the Postmaster-General, and officers are prohibited from exercising these powers.

IV. To prevent misconception in reference to the discharge of men under eighteen and over thirty-five years of age, under the conscript act, the Army is informed that only such persons as have not re-enlisted for three years or the war will be entitled to their discharge on the 16th of July next. Those of the ages above mentioned who have so re-enlisted, whether are in twelve-months' regiments or war regiments, are not entitled to discharge until they have served out their term of enlistment.

V. Regimental medical officers, when in charge of patients brought to general hospitals or in the vicinity of the same, will turn them over to the surgeons in charge and return without delay to their legitimate duties.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, June 13, 1862.

His Excellency Governor BROWN,

Atlanta, Ga.:

Major Dunwody has been directed not to enroll militia officers recognized by State authorities as in commission. Request him to show you his instructions. If you attempt to get men to fill up the Georgia regiments now, in the face of the enemy, you will cause great mischief. I think we might as well drive out our common enemy before we make war on each other.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, June 20, 1862.

His Excellency Governor Brown,

Marietta, Ga.:

I telegraph, in reply to your first telegram, that I had ordered Major Dunwody not to enroll any militia officer recognized as in commission by the State authorities; that you might see his instructions if you wished; that you would cause great mischief by arresting men engaged in filling the ranks of Georgia regiments in the face of the enemy, and that we had better get rid of our common enemy before we commence a war upon each other.

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

