
meant of our independence and redound to the ultimate prosperity and happiness of our whole people,

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

P. S. -Since the above letter was written I see, somewhat to my surprise, that you have thought proper to publish part of our unfinished correspondence. In reply to my first letter you simply stated on the point in question that the constitutionality of the act was derivable from that paragraph in the Constitution which gives Congress the power to raise and support armies. I replied to that letter with no portion of your argument but the simple statement of your position before me. You then, with the aid of your Cabinet, replied to my second letter, giving the argument by which you attempt to sustain your position, and, without allowing time for your letter to reach me and a reply to be sent, you publish my second letter and reach me and a reply to be sent, you publish my second letter and your reply, which is your first argument of the question. I find these two letters not only in the newspapers, but also in pamphlet form, I presume by your order, for general circulation. While I cannot suppose that your sense of duty and propriety would permit you to publish part of an unfinished correspondence for the purpose of forestalling public opinion, I must conclude that your course is not the usual one in such cases. As the correspondence was an official one upon a grave constitutional question, I had supposed it would be given to the country through Congress and the Legislature of the State; but as you have commenced the publication in this hasty and, as I think, informal manner, you will admit that I have no other alternative but to continue it. I must, therefore, request as an act of justice that all newspapers which have published part of the correspondence insert this reply.

J. E. B.

RICHMOND, June 21, 1862.

Major DUNWODY,

Calhoun, Gordon County, Ga.:

Governor Brown complains that your subordinates are enrolling militia officers. Order them to desist from it. Send a copy of your instructions on this point to the Governor and notify him by telegraph of your action.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secret

MARIETTA, June 23, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

As Major Dunwody's subordinates in different parts of the State do not seem to regard your orders to him, please direct him to give them the necessary instructions to stop the enrollment of the officers of the militia. I agree with you fully that we should unite all our energies to drive out the common enemy and not make war among ourselves. I am most happy, therefore, that the Confederate Government has decided to respect the constitutional rights of the State so far as not

74 R R-SERIES IV, VOL I

