
the Treasury, and may be assigned or delivered under such regulations as he may establish; but none of them shall be for a less sum than $50. And he shall report to Congress, at its next session, a statement in detail of his proceedings, and the rate at which the loans may have been made, and all the expenses attending the same.

SEC. 5. From and after the first da of August, 1861, there shall be levied and collected and paid a duty of one-eighth of one cent per pound on all cotton in the raw state exported from the Confederate States, which duty is hereby specially pledged to the due payment of interest and principal of the loan provided for in this act; and the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized and required to establish a sinking fund to carry into effect the provisions of this section: Provided, however, That the interest coupons, issued under the second section of this act, when due, shall be receivable in payment of the export duty on cotton: Provided also, That when the debt and interest thereon herein authorized to be contracted shall be extinguished, or the sinking fund provided for that purpose shall be adequate to that end, the said export duty shall cease and determine.

Approved February 28, 1861.

AN ACT to raise provisional forces for the Confederate States of America, and for other purposes.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That to enable the Government of the Confederate States to maintain its jurisdiction over all questions of peace and war, and to provide for the public defense, the President be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to assume control of all military operations in every State having reference to or connection with questions between said States, or any of them, and powers foreign to them.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That the President is hereby authorized to receive from the several States the arms and munitions of war which have been acquired from the United States, and which are now in the forts, arsenals, and navy-yards of the said States, and all other arms and munitions which they may desire to turn over and make chargeable to this Government.

SEC. 3. Be it further enacted, That the President be authorized to receive into the service of this Government such forces now in the service of said States as may be tendered, or who may volunteer, by consent of their States, in such numbers as he may require, for any time not less than twelve months, unless sooner discharged.

SEC. 4. Be it further enacted, That such forces may be received, with their officers, by companies, battalions, or regiments, and when so received shall form a part of the Provisional Army of the Confederate States, according to the terms of their enlistment; and the President shall appoint, by and with the advice and consent of Congress, such general officer or officers for said forces as may be necessary for the service.

SEC. 5. Be it further enacted, That said forces, when received into the service of this Government, shall have the same pay and allowances as may be provided by law for volunteers entering the service, or for the Army of the Confederate States, and shall be subject to the same rules and government.

Approved February 28, 1861.

