
[Indorsement.]

Am much obliged to the Governor for his assistance, and will be glad to avail myself of it so far as the law permits. Under the act application must be made for the enrolling officers of the States, and if they cannot be procured, or there are none, the Confederate States Government is to appoint agents. The commandants by general orders have been directed to make application for details from the nearest general, and have done so in other cases. If General Forney can make such details from Alabama regiments it will cost less, and probably be as efficient a system as any other. Major Swanson will report upon his plans, and the Department will bespeak for him the assistance of the Governor. In all the States, and by virtue of a general order, the nomination of a quartermaster and commissary has been given to the commandant of the camps of instruction. In Alabama this was so far departed from as to order a quartermaster on the nomination of the Governor. If Major Johnston has not arrived he probably could not be spared by General Bragg.

[G. W. RANDOLPH.]

DEMOPOLIS, June 25, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Captain Thompson, of the staff of General Bragg, had an interview here yesterday with the president and directors of the Alabama and Mississippi Rivers Railroad Company, and submitted his authority from the general to take military possession of the road, so as to complete the balance of the work necessary to make the connection between Selma and Meridian. The Board adopted a resolutioir unqualified assent to any course the Government or military authorities might deem it best to take in regard to the completion of the road, with a proviso that they were not to be understood as thereby making the stockholders liable for any extra expenditure of money in completing the work, over and above allowing fair prices for such work as might be useful to the stockholders after the Government might cease to use and control the road. A copy of this resolution was furnished to Captain Thompson. An inquiry was made of the Board by Captain Thompson as to whether they were under any contract with the Government to finish the road within any specified time, and within what time they could finish the road within any specified time, and within what time they could finish I for use with the aid of the Congressional appropriation of $150,000. The reply of the board was that they had entered into no contract to finish the road within any specified time, but had bound themselves faithfully to apply such means as the company had, and also the $150,000, toward the completion of the road, and to use all proper diligence and activity to accomplish the object. They candidly admitted that in the existing state of things they could not complete the road for use even with the aid of the $150,000. Agreeing that the road was essential to the military wants of the Government, they were ready to yield to whatever course the public authorities might deem best. The Board say they applied to Congress for the $150,000 in August, 1861, when railroad iron was low, and with the aid of this amount they could, as matters then stood, have finished the road, but that before Congress thought proper to give the aid railroad iron and materials had nearly doubled in price, and that now there is none on market. The idea of

