
[Indorsement.]

Acknowledge the receipt of the letter and reply that the Department has no legal authority to stop exportation of cotton, except for the purpose of keeping it out of the hands of the enemy.

G. W. R.

SPECIAL ORDER, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 147. Richmond, June 26, 1862.

* * *

XIV. All persons in the employ of the Southern Express Company, the services of whom the president of the company will certify to be indispensable, will be exempted from the operation of the conscript act so long as they continue in the said employment.

* * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JUNE 27, 1862. -For proclamation of the Governor of Virginia (Letcher), calling for a force of 10,000 men for the defense of the Commonwealth, see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 581.

NASSAU, NEW PROVIDENCE, June 28, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: My last dispatch was under date of the 2d ultimo on the eve of my departure for Bermuda, whence I have but just returned, having been detained much longer than I expected. I succeeded, however, in the object of my voyage, which was to extricate the steamer Herald from the embarrassing predicament she had been placed in by the rascally conduct of her captain; but this could not be accomplished without much trouble and delay. After dispatching her to Nassau I came on in the steamer Leopard, another fast paddle-boat intended for the service between here and Charleston. She is to leave about the 18th proximo, when tide and moon will suit. On my return Captain John N. Maffitt, C. S. Navy, hundred me your dispatch of the 11th of April in which you confer on him full authority to take the entire control of all vessels laden with arms and munitions of war for the Confederate States which he may meet with on his present voyage, taking the requisite steps for getting their cargoes safely into the Confederacy, and instructing me to act in concert with him in all matters touching his commission.

During my absence you have been advised by Mr. J. B. Lafitte of the various shipments of arms and munitions of war for your Department, some of which I regret to say have fallen into the enemy's hands, including those by the Ella Warley, the Elizabeth, and the Nassau, whilst the shipment per Cecile was lost by the wreck of the vessel. A portion of the latter was saved and sold at auction yesterday, and on conferring with Mr. Lafitte we thought it best to purchase the larger part, although damaged, as the prices were sufficiently low

