
manner in his power. If I find difficulty in shipping powder or other munitions direct from the Northern ports, the captain will receive and forward for me. I visited also the Tredegar Foundry at this place, and was surprised to find so large and well-appointed an establishment. It has great facilities for founding cannon and casting shot and shell, and being within slave territory, will be a great resource for us if we are put upon our defense. I intended to contract with this establishment for some heavy ordnance, such as 10-inch, 8-inch, and 42-pounder guns, and for shot and shell; but I was informed that Mr. Anderson, one of the partners, had gone to Montgomery for this very purpose. This gentleman being with you, you will be enabled to contract with him in person, and thus relieve me of a portion of my responsibility. I can recommend his establishment as being a very reliable one. It employs 700 workmen, and is probably the largest foundry in the United States. Any communications addressed to me at Washington City, to the care of Richard H. Clarke, esq., will be promptly forwarded to me by this gentleman.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

RAPHAEL SEMMES.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, March 1, 1861.

Governor F. W. PICKENS,

Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: The Congress have passed an act to raise provisional forces for the Confederate States of America, and for other purposes. I beg to inclose a copy of the act. * Under this act the President directs me to inform you that he assumes control of all military operations in your State having reference to or connected with questions between your State and powers foreign to it. He also directs me to request you to communicate to this Department without delay the quantity and character of arms and munitions of war which have been acquired from the United States, and which are now in the forts, arsenals, and navy-yards of your State, and all other arms and munitions which your State may desire to turn over and make chargeable to this Government. The President further directs me to say that he will proceed with as little delay as possible to organize the provisional forces in the respective States, as provided for in the third and fourth sections of said act.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

(A copy of this letter sent to the Governors of Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas.)

[MARCH 1, 1861. -For Walker to Beauregard, authorizing the latter to raise provisional forces for the Confederate States in the State of South Carolina, not to exceed 5,000 men, &c., see Series I, Vol I, p. 260.]

---------------

*See February 28, p. 117.

---------------

