
AN ACT to admit Texas as a member of the Confederate States of America.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the State of Texas be, and is hereby, admitted as a member of this Confederacy upon an equal footing with the other Confederate States.

Approved March 2, 1861.

MEMPHIS, March 2, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Confederate of America:

DEAR SIR: I am instructed to send you a copy of the following resolution passed by the directors of the Mississippi and Tennessee Railroad Company.

Yours, very respectfully,

C. F. VANCE,

Secretary.

MEMPHIS, March 1, 1861.

At a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Mississippi and Tennessee Railroad Company, held at this office on this day, the following resolution was unanimously adopted:

Resolved by the president and directors of the Mississippi and Tennessee Railroad Company, that we tender to the Government of the Confederate States of America and to the State of Mississippi, free of charge, the use of the Mississippi and Tennessee Railroad for military purposes; and the secretary of the company is hereby ordered to furnish a copy of this resolution to the Governor of the States of Mississippi and to the Secretary of War of the Confederate States of America.

I, C. F. Vance, secretary of the Mississippi and Tennessee Railroad Company, hereby certify that the foregoing is a true copy of a resolution passed by the Board of Directors of said company on said 1st of March, 1861.

Witness my signature and seal of said company.

[SEAL.]

C. F. VANCE,

Secretary.

[MARCH 4, 1861. -For Walker to the President, transmitting "estimates required for the service of the War Department for twelve months," see Series I, VOL. I, p. 261.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, Ala., March 4, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Your communication of the 1st instant, inclosing an act of Congress of the Confederate States of America to raise provisional forces, &amp;c., has been laid before me. In your letter you stat that the President directs you to inform me "that he assumes the control of all military operations in your (my) State having reference to or connected with questions between your (my) State and powers foreign thereto. " You also request me to communicate without delay to your Department "the quantity and character of arms and munitions of

