
may be united in the confederacy, the nucleus of which is already formed, and that Delaware will be among them, exhibiting, as she has done in the Union that has ceased to exist, her full quota of talent and moral worth and contributing her full quota to its prosperity.

With sentiments of profound respect, I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. CAMPBELL.

MONTGOMERY, March 5, 1861.

Hon. JOHN FORSYTH,

Washington, D. C.:

Get for me a disbursing clerk from War Department. Salary, $1,200. Want none who has not been so employed in that Department.

L. P. WALKER.

AN ORDNANCE in relation to a union of the State of Texas with the Confederate States of America.

Whereas, the convention of this State has received information that the Congress of the Confederate States of America, now in session at the city of Montgomery, in the State of Alabama, has adopted a Constitution for a Provisional Government, which Constitution is modeled on that of the United States of America; and whereas, as a seceded State, it becomes expedient and proper that Texas should join said Confederacy and share its destinies; and whereas, a delegation consisting of seven members has already been elected by the convention to the Congress of the Confederacy aforesaid: Therefore,

SECTION 1. The people of Texas in convention assembled have ordained and declared, and do hereby ordain and declare, That the delegation aforesaid to the Congress aforesaid be, and they are hereby, instructed and we do accordingly instruct them in behalf of the State, and as representing its sovereign authority, to apply for the admission of this State into the said Confederacy, and to that end and for that purpose to give in the adhesion of Texas to the Provisional Constitution of said Confederate States; and which said Constitution this convention hereby approves, ratifies, and accepts.

SEC. 2. Be it further ordained, That the delegation appointed by this convention to the Congress of the Confederate States be, and they are hereby, authorized to act in said Congress as the duly accredited representatives of the State of Texas: Provided, however, That any permanent constitution which may be formed by said Congress shall not become obligatory on this State until approved by the people in such a way as shall be determined upon.

SEC. 3. Be it further ordained, That the president of the cotely transmit, through such channel as he may elect, a copy or copies of this ordinance to the Congress at Montgomery and the members of Congress from this State.

Done at the city of Austin on the 5th day of March, A. D. 1861.

O. M. ROBERTS,

President of the Convention.

Attest.

R. T. BROWNRIGG,

Secretary to the Convention.

