
per day for the use and risk of their horses; and if any volunteer shall not keep himself provided with a serviceable horse, such volunteer shall serve on foot. For horses killed in action volunteers shall be allowed compensation according to their appraised value at the date of muster into service.

SEC. 8. And be it further enacted, That the field and staff officers of a separate battalion of volunteers shall be one lieutenant-colonel or major, one adjutant with the rank of lieutenant, one sergeant-major, one quartermaster-sergeant, and a chief bugler or principal musician, according to corps; and that each company shall be entitled to an additional second lieutenant; and that the President may limit the privates in any volunteer company, according to his discretion, at from sixty-four to one hundred.

SEC. 9. And be it further enacted, That when volunteers or militia are called into the service of the Confederate States in such numbers that the officers of the Quartermaster, Commissary, and Medical Departments, which may be authorized by law for the regular service, are not sufficient to provide for the supplying, quartering, transporting, and furnishing them with the requisite medical attendance, it shall be lawful for the President to appoint, with the advice and consent of the Congress, as many additional officers of said departments as the service may require, not exceeding one commissary and one quartermaster for each brigade, with the rank of major, and one assistant quartermaster with the rank of captain, one assistant commissary with the rank of captain, one surgeon and one assistant surgeon for each regiment; the said quartermasters and commissaries, assistant quartermasters and commissaries, to give bonds with good sureties for the faithful performance of their duties; the said officers to be allowed the same pay and emoluments as shall be allowed to officers of the same grade in the regular service, and to be subject to the Rules and Articles of War, and to continue in service only so long as their services may be required in connection with the militia or volunteers.

SEC. 10. And be it further enacted, That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to purchase or charter, arm, equip, and man such merchant vessels and steamships or boats as may be found fit or easily converted into armed vessels, and in such number as he may deem necessary for the protection of the sea-board and the general defense of the country.

Approved March 6, 1861.

AN ACT for the establishment and organization of the Army of the Confederate States of America.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That from and after the passage of this act the military establishment of the Confederate States shall be composed of one corps of engineers, one corps of artillery, six regiments of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, and of the staff departments already established by law.

SEC. 2. The corps of engineers shall consist of one colonel, four majors, five captains, and one company of sappers, miners, and pontoniers, which shall consist of ten sergeants or master workmen, ten corporals or overseers, two musicians, and thirty-nine privates of the first class, or artificers, and thirty-nine privates of the second class, or laborers, making in all one hundred.

SEC. 3. The said company shall be officered by one captain of the corps of engineers, and as many lieutenants, to be selected by the

