
expenses while traveling under orders. The allowance of forage, fuel, and quarters shall be fixed by regulations and shall be furnished in kind, except when officers are serving at stations without troops where public quarters cannot be had, in which case there may be allowed, in lieu of forage, $8 per month for each horse to which they may be entitled, provided they are actually kept in service and mustered; and quarters may be commuted at a rate to be fixed by the Secretary of War, and fuel at the market price delivered. An officer when traveling under orders shall be allowed mileage at the rate of 10 cents per mile.

SEC. 21. In time of war officers of the Army shall be entitled to draw forage for horses, according to grade, as follows: A brigadier-general, four; the adjutant and inspector-general, quartermaster-general, commissary-general, and the colonels of engineers, artillery, infantry and cavalry, three each; all lieutenant-colonels and majors, and captains of the general staff, engineer corps, light artillery, and cavalry, three each; lieutenants serving in the corps of engineers, lieutenants of light artillery and of cavalry, two each. In time of peace; General and field officers, three; officers below the rank of field officers, in the general staff, corps of engineers, light artillery, and cavalry, two; provided in all cases that the horses are actually kept in service and mustered. No enlisted man in the service of the Confederate States shall be employed as a servant by any officer of the Army.

SEC. 22. The monthly pay of the enlisted men of the Army of the Confederate States shall be as follows: That of a sergeant or master workman of the engineer corps, $34; that of a corporal or overseer, $20; privates of the first class, or artificers, $17; and privates of the second class, or laborers, and musicians, $13. The sergeant-major of cavalry, $21; first sergeants, $20; sergeants, $17; corporals, farriers, and blacksmiths, $13; musicians, $13, and privates, $12. Sergeant-majors of artillery and infantry, $21; first sergeants, $20 each; sergeants $17; corporals and artificers, $13; musicians, $12, and privates, $11 each. The non-commissioned officers, artificers, musicians, and privates serving in light batteries, shall receive the same pay as those of cavalry.

SEC. 23. The President shall be authorized to enlist as many master armorers, master carriage-makers, master blacksmiths, armorers, carriage-makers, blacksmiths, artificers, and laborers, for ordnance service, as he may deem necessary, not exceeding in all 100 men, who shall be attached to the corps of artillery. The pay of a master armorer, master carriage-maker, master blacksmith, shall be $34 per month; armorers, carriage-makers, and blacksmiths, $20 per month; artificers, $17, and laborers, $13 per month.

SEC. 24. Each enlisted man of the Army of the Confederate States shall receive one ration per day and a yearly allowance of clothing, the quantity and kind of each to be established by regulations from the War Department, to be approved by the President.

SEC. 25. Rations shall generally be issued in kind, but under circumstances rendering a commutation necessary; the commutation value of the ration shall be fixed by regulations of the War Department, to be approved by the President.

SEC. 26. The officers appointed in the Army of the Confederate States by virtue of this act shall perform all military duties to which they may be severally assigned by authority of the President, and it shall be the duty of the Secretary of War to prepare and publish reg-

