
Captain Semmes has kept you well informed upon the subject. I regret that I had no knowledge of his appointment, as that would have prevented my placing myself in an unpleasant position with all of the parties with whom I had been for some time in intercourse in reference to the propositions which I had the honor to submit to the military committee of the Congress. I hope that Captain Semmes may succeed in the enterprise, for then I shall have the satisfaction of knowing that my exertions and honest endeavors to benefit the Confederacy will have been crowned with success. I still believe, however, that as I had taken the initiative in this business I could have been of some service in its execution.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. MORSE.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, March 6, 1861.

Mr. C. F. VANCE,

Memphis, Tenn.:

SIR: Your letter of the 1st instant, inclosing a copy of the resolution recently adopted by the president and directors of the Mississippi and Tennessee Railroad Company, tendering to the Government of the Confederate States of America, free of charge, the use of their road for military purposes, has just been received, through you, to assure the president and directors of said company that this manifestation of their kindness and patriotism is highly appreciated, and, should the occasion arise, this Department will avail itself of their offer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

[MARCH 6, 1861. -For Gist to Bonham, reporting the organization, in South Carolina, of ten regiments, aggregating, 8,835 rank and file, see Series I, VOL. I, p. 265.]

WASHINGTON, March 7, 1861.

Hon. JEFFERSON DAVIS:

My friend and connection has resigned from the Army; resignation accepted; will be with you in five or six days. Have written by private hand.

J. M. MASON.

SAVANNAH, GA., March 7, 1861. *

* * * * * *

Mr. Bell, of Forsyth, offered the following resolution:

Resolved, That the people of Georgia, in convention assembled, most heartily approve the election by the Congress at Montgomery of the Hon. Jefferson Davis

---------------

*From Journal of the Georgia Convention.

---------------

