
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, March 8, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of Confederate States of America:

SIR: Since my communication of the 4th instant,* in which I had the honor to submit the Army estimates for twelve months, the Congress has passed an act authorizing the President to call into the service of the Confederate States any number of volunteers, not exceeding 100,000. The estimates heretofore submitted by me were based upon the bills pending before Congress and afterward passed, and were only intended for the provisional forces and the Army. Under these circumstances I deem it proper to call your attention to this fact, and to suggest an additional appropriation by Congress of $5,000,000 for the volunteer service, in the event it should become necessary to organize such a force.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

FRIDAY, March 8, 1861. #

The convention, being in secret session, on motion of Mr. Rice, took up the following resolution:

Resolved, That a committee of seven be appointed to examine into the condition of the defenses of the city of Savannah and its approaches; to inquire what additional defense, if any, may be necessary, and to report to this convention at the earliest day.

* * * * *

So the resolution was carried.

* * * * *

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, March 8, 1861.

His Excellency THOMAS O. MOORE,

Baton Rouge, La.:

SIR: I had the honor some days since to inclose to Your Excellency a copy of an act of the Congress providing for the transfer of the troops now in the service of your State to the Provisional Army of the Confederate States. The third section of that act refers to the troops already in the service of the State governments, who must be tendered by the respective State authorities, and also to such troops not in the service of the States as may volunteer with the consent of the States. Your Excellency is aware that the process of organizing the regular Army of the Confederate States must necessarily be slow and unsatisfactory, and wholly inadequate to the present emergencies of our situation. Under these circumstances the main reliance of this Government at this time must be on the State forces now in service, and such volunteer organizations in the respective States as may be desirous of being incorporated into the Provisional Army. The President therefore instructs me to express the hope that Your Excellency, appreciating, as I doubt not you do, the necessity for immediate military organizations subject to the control of this Government, will tender

---------------

*See Series I, VOL. p. 261.

#From Journal of the Georgia Convention.

---------------

