
for the Provisional Army the troops now in the service of your State; and to save the delays of special application and permission it is hoped that Your Excellency will publish a general order that such companies, battalions, and regiments as may be organized in your State and volunteer for service in the Provisional Army may do so.

Believing that Your Excellency fully appreciates the imminent necessity for prompt action, and trusting that these suggestions will receive immediate consideration. *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

(The same, mutatis mutandis, to the Governors of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, and Mississippi.)

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, March 9, 1861.

His Excellency A. B. MOORE,

Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: Under the act of Congress "to raise provisional forces for the Confederate States," a copy of which I had the honor to inclose to you a few days ago, this Government now needs for immediate service, at Charleston, 3,000 troops; Fort Pulaski, 1,000 troops; Fort Morgan, 1,000 troops; Pensacola, 5,000 troops; Mississippi River, below New Orleans, 700 troops; Texas, 1,000. I therefore request that Alabama shall furnish for Fort Morgan, 1,000 and fort Pensacola 1,000 infantry, the troops to be sent forward to those points with as little delay as possible, and on their arrival they will be mustered into the service of the Confederate States. If you can supply this requisition immediately without the publication of your order, it would be better to do so, as it is advisable, as far as practicable, to keep our movements concealed from the Government of the United States.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

(The same, mutatis mutandis, to the Governors, of Florida, for 500 infantry at Pensacola; Georgia, for 1,000 infantry at Pensacola and 1,ski; Louisiana, for 1,000 infantry at Pensacola and 700 at Forts Jackson and Saint Philip; Mississippi, for 1,500 infantry at Pensacola.)

SATURDAY, March 9, 1861. #

* * * * * *

Mr. Varnadoe offered the following preamble and resolution, which were taken up and read:

Whereas, General David E. Twiggs, late of the U. S. Army, actuated by a sense of duty and patriotism and in obedience to the allegiance due his native State, delivered upon demand to the regularly constituted authorities of the independent State of Texas all the property of the late United States Government under his control, and ordered its troops beyond the borders of said State:

Resolved, That this convention indorse, approve, and ratify his conduct in the premises, and recognize in him a brave and honorable soldier and a worthy and patriotic son of Georgia.

---------------

*For reply, see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 636.

#From Journal of the Georgia Convention.

---------------

