
Mr. Alexander, of Upson, offered the following amendment to the foregoing:

Resolved, That neither General Twiggs nor Colonel Hardee require any vindication among their old friends and neighbors in Georgia. Their defense may be found written by the point of the sword upon the battle-fields of their country, and upon the scarred forms of her enemies; yet this convention but yields to a natural impulse when it expresses the scorn with which the people of Georgia look upon all attempts on the part of an abolition press and a venal and fanatical Government to tarnish their fame and to filch from them the rewards of long lives of glorious deeds and heroic doings.

The amendment was received, and the resolution as amended was unanimously adopted.

* * * * *

Mr. Wofford offered the following preamble and resolutions, which were taken up, read, and adopted:

Whereas, under the Government of the United States, prior to the secession of Georgia, there has been annually paid to the pensioners resident in said State a sum of money amounting to about $23,000:

1. Resolved, That this convention urge the Congress of the Confederate States to make immediate provision for the payment of the pensioners resident in this State the amounts heretofore allowed them by the Government of the United States.

2. Resolved, That the secretary communicate the above to the Congress of the Confederate States.

* * * * *

Constitution of the Confederate States of America.

We, the people of the Confederate States, each State acting in its sovereign and independent character, in order to form a permanent federal government, establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity- invoking the favor and guidance of Almighty God-do ordain and establish this Constitution for the Confederate States of America.

ARTICLE I.

SECTION I. All legislative powers herein delegated shall be vested in a Congress of the Confederate States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.

SEC. 2. 1. The House of Representatives shall be composed of members chosen every second year by the people of the several States; and the electors in each State shall be citizens of the Confederate States, and have the qualifications requisite for electors of the most numerous branch of the State Legislature; but no person of foreign birth, not a citizen of the Confederate States, shall be allowed to vote for any officer, civil or political, State or Federal.

2. No person shall be a Representative who shall not have attained the age of twenty-five years, and be a citizen of the Confederate States, and who shall not, when elected be an inhabitant of that State in which he shall be chosen.

3. Representatives and direct taxes shall be apportioned among the several States, which may be included within this Confederacy, according to their respective numbers, which shall be determined by adding to the whole number of free persons, including those bound

