
upon the subject of the organization of the Army. I am disposed to do all in my power to facilities the action of the Government of the Confederate States in its preparation for the common defense. As the Georgia convention instructed me to raise two regiments of regulars for the service, which were expected to be turned over to the common Government, I have desired to know their status before taking further action to raise troops. I have appointed the officers for the two regiments and they are now actively engaged enlisting soldiers. There are about 200 enlisted for one regiment and 250 for the other, and recruits are coming in daily. I desire to know whether you will accept these regiments with all the officers appointed by me and will receive the men now enlisted as part of the 2,000 required and permit the officers not necessary to the immediate command of the number of men now in the regiments to continue to enlist in Georgia till the regiments are full, when the whole will remain in the service of the Confederate States during the term of their enlistment at least. I cannot, in justice to the privates who have enlisted, tender the regiments unless they are received with the officers which I have appointed, as the recruits have nearly all been obtained by the officers appointed from civil life, with the understanding that they are to go under them. May I ask to be informed, plainly and explicitly, of the terms on which the regiments will be received, and whether they will now be received, as far as enlisted, as part of the 2,000 men now called for? The regiments could, I think, soon be filled by the recruiting officers in the State, and the officers will inform you that they are excellent, able-bodied recruits. If you accept them upon the terms above mentioned they are now at your service and subject to your order. For the present I do not desire to publish a general order of the character mentioned in your letter.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

AN ORDNANCE to ratify and adopt the Constitution of the Confederate States of America.

Be it ordained by the people of Alabama in convention assembled, That the Constitution framed and adopted on the 11th day of March, 1861, by the deputies from the States of South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas, in convention assembled at Montgomery, Ala., be, and the same is hereby, approved, ratified, and adopted as the Federal Constitution for the people of Alabama.

Done in convention on the 13th day of March, 1861.

WILLIAM M. BROOKS,

President of the Convention.

A. G. HORN,

Secretary of the Convention.

I, P. H. Britain, secretary of state of the State of Alabama, hereby certify that the above is a true copy of an ordinance entitled, "An ordinance to ratify and adopt the Constitution of the Confederate States of America," as taken from the original now on file in my office.

In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand and affixed the great seal of the State at Montgomery, Ala., this the 1st day of June,

