
invasion of his State, and that he would not convene the Legislature under such circumstances that they might take action in the premises. These opinion and views of the Governor I have reasons to believe are not entertained by a majority of the people of Maryland. Indeed, I have no doubt that the people there would spontaneously rise en masse and resist the invaders, though it encrimsoned their soil with the best blood of the State. The people, then, in my humble judgment, are true to the memories of the past. They are a gallant, patriotic, and brave people, whose feelings and sympathies are warmly enlisted in our cause, and although some of them do entertain the opinion, that we have, perhaps, acted precipitately, they acknowledge that our action is fully justified by the events of the past, and declare their determination to assist us, if need be, in sustaining our independence. It is greatly to be regretted that such a gallant people should be prevented bicials, however high they may be, from giving an authoritative expression of their conviction, and of taking such action as in their judgment the affairs of the country demand. Without the consent of Governor Hicks neither the Legislature nor an authorized convention can be assembled, and I have no hesitancy in stating that he will never convene either. If Virginia shall withdraw from the Union the people of Maryland will, in the shortest possible period of time, assume the responsibility assemble in spontaneous convention, and unite their destinies with the Confederate States of the South.

In conclusion I would respectfully add that this communication would have been made at an earlier day but that I waited, hoping to receive an answer from Governor Hicks, before I laid before your body the result of my mission.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. WRIGHT.

[Inclosure.]

ANNAPOLIS, MD., February 25, 1861.

His Excellency THOMAS H. HICKS,

Governor, &amp;c.:

SIR: I have the honor herewith to inclose to Your Excellency a copy of "an ordinance to dissolve the union between the State of Georgia and other States, under a compact of Government entitled "The Constitution of the United States of America," passed by the people of Georgia in convention recently assembled at the capitol in Milledgeville; also a copy of an ordinance passed by the same body for the appointment of commissioners to each of the non-seceded slave-holding States,+ together with any appointment as the commissioner of Georgia to the State of Maryland.

The ordinance creating the office I have the honor to hold makes it a part of my duty to urge upon the State of Maryland the policy of withdrawal, or secession, from the power known as the United States, and co-operation with the State of Georgia and other independent Southern States in the formation of a new confederation and union, for the mutual defense, protection, and welfare of the Southern States, and for the promotion of the happiness of their citizens.

The people of Georgia have labored for years past with anxious solicitude for the preservation of the Federal Union, and have made

---------------

* See January 19, p. 70.

+ See ordinance of January 18, section 7, p. 57.

---------------

