
the fraternal regard we have ever borne toward your State, and the deep solicitude which as brethren sprang from the same ancestry, with institutions so identical and interests so reciprocal, impels us to give you our solemn warning of the dangerous which surround you, and which threaten, in our honest judgment, to destroy your domestic institutions and impede the prosperity and wealth of your noble State.

Having with the kindest feelings and purest motives done this, we are content to leave the issue to the good sense and patriotism of your people.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. WRIGHT,

Commissioner from Georgia.

OGLETHORPE, GA., March 13, 1861.

Hon. GEORGE W. CRAWFORD,

President of the Convention, Georgia:

DEAR SIR: Having been honored by the convention of the people of Georgia with the appointment of commissioner to North Carolina, to lay before the convention or Legislature of that State, if either should be in session, and if not, before the Governor, the ordinance by which Georgia seceded from the late Government of the United States, and to invite the co-operation of North Carolina, with her and other States that had seceded or might secede, in the formation of a Southern confederacy, I took my departure early in February last and reached Raleigh on the 11th of that month. On that day I waited upon His Excellency John W. Ellis, the Governor of the State, and made known to him my appointment and the purpose of my mission. He received me with cordiality and entered into the purposes of this State with a cheerfulness and spirit which convinced me that the people of his State still held us in high regard and cherished for us sincere and esteem. The Legislature being in session, His Excellency promptly communicated to them my commission, with the accompanying ordinance of secession. In response to this communication the General Assembly, by a vote of both houses, appointed a joint committee to wait upon me to tender the privilege of the floor and invite me to address that honorable body upon the subject of my mission. Every hospitality was offered and every attention was paid to your commissioner. Individually I appropriated none of this to myself, but received it as a mark of respect to my State.

Having accepted the invitation extended to me to address the General Assembly, I was on Wednesday evening, the 13th of February, introduced to them by the chairman of their joint committee. Encouraged by the assurance given me in this introduction that the Legislature and people of North Carolina admitted and "knew that the wrongs of which we complained were their wrongs; " that the cause for which we were battling and preparing, if need be, to sacrifice our lives, was their cause; " that they recognized us as "their kindred" and "would never turn a deaf ear to the voice that came up from us," I proceeded to deliver an address setting forth the causes which led to our separation, justifying, according to the measure of my feeble ability, the mode and measure of redress we had adopted, and vindicating the right of secession as rand constitutional; holding that it should be therefore regarded as peaceable. Assuring North Carolina of the cordiality with which she

