
advised his constituents that their only safety is in a union with their Southern sisters. I believe from all that I can learn that a very large majority of them are agreed with him as to the character of this concession, and that they only await an opportunity to give effect to his sound and patriotic advice. Delay in this respect must result in material injury to the State in the loss of its slave-holding population, with the property held by it, which will seek safety by emigrating to and settling in the Southern Confederate States. Under these circumstances I cannot doubt that an opportunity will be afforded at an early day to the people to vote again on the subject; and when the vote is taken I have still less doubt of what will be the popular verdict. I therefore confidently anticipate in a very short time the co-operation desired and invited by Georgia, and that we shall have the happiness of welcoming, with open arms and joyful hearts, our honored and loved sister to our new and better union.

I have the honor to subscribe myself, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL HALL.

[MARCH 13, 1861. -For to Walker, in relation to organization of troops in Louisiana, see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 636.]

[MARCH 13, 29, and APRIL 5,12,13, 1861. -For correspondence between Walker and Duncan, in relation to a regiment of Kentuckians, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, pp. 26,31,35,43,46.]

AN ACT amendatory of an act for the organization of the staff departments of the Army and an act for the establishment and organization of the Army of the Confederate States of America.]

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the Adjutant and Inspector General's Department shall consist of two assistant adjutant-general with the rank of lieutenant-colonel, two assistant adjutants-general with the rank of major, and four assistant adjutants-general with the rank of captain.

SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, That there shall be added one brigadier-general to those heretofore authorized by law, and that any one of the brigadier-generals of the Army of the Confederate States may be assigned to the duty of Adjutant and Inspector General at the discretion of the President.

SEC. 3. Be it further enacted, That the Quartermaster-General's Department shall consist of one Quartermaster-General with the rank of colonel, one assistant quartermaster-general with the rank of lieutenant-colonel, four assistant quartermasters with the rank of major, and such other officers in that department as are already provided by law.

SEC. 4. Be it further enacted, That the Commissary-General's Department shall consist of one Commissary-General with the rank of colonel, one commissary with the rank of lieutenant-colonel, one commissary with the rank of major, and three commissaries with the rank of captain, and as many assistant commissaries as may from time to time be required by the service may be detailed by the War

