
Department from the subalterns of the line who, in addition to their pay in the time, shall receive $20 per month while engaged in that service.

SEC. 5. Be it further enacted, That in all cases of officers who have resigned, or who may within six months tender their resignations from the Army of the United States, and who have been or may be appointed to original vacancies in the Army of the Confederate States, the commissions issued shall bear one and the same date, so that the relative rank of officers of each grade shall be determined by their former commissions in the U. S. Army, held anterior to the secession of these Confederate States from the United States.

SEC. 6. Be it further enacted, That every officer, non-commissioned officer, musician, and private shall taken and subscribe the following oath or affirmation, to wit: I, a, b, do solemnly swear or affirm (as the case may be) that while I continue in the service I will bear true faith and yield obedience to the Confederate States of America, and that I will serve them honestly and faithfully against their enemies, and that I will observe and obey the orders of the President of the Confederate States and the orders of the officers appointed over me, according to the Rules and Articles of War.

SEC. 7. Be it further enacted, That all laws and parts of laws militating this act be, and the same are hereby, repealed.

Approved March 14, 1861.

A RESOLUTION accepting certain funds tendered to the Confederate States by the State of Louisiana.

Whereas, the convention of the State of Louisiana has adopted an ordinance as follows, to wit:

AN ORDINANCE to transfer certain funds to the Government of the Confederate States of America.

SECTION 1. It is hereby ordained, That the sum of $389,267,46, now in the hands of A. J. Guirot, State depositary, and known as the "bullion fund," be transferred to the Government of the Confederate States of America, and that said depositary be, and he is hereby, authorized and instructed to pay said sum upon the order of the Secretary of the Treasury of said Confederate States.

SEC. 2. It is further ordained, That the sum of $147,519,66, being the balance received by said State depositary the customs since the 31st day of January last, be transferred to said Government and paid by said depositary upon the order of said Secretary of the Treasury of the Confederate States.

Be it therefore resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the Congress accepts, with a high sense of the patriotic liberality of the State of Louisiana, the funds so generously tendered to the Treasury of the Confederate States and proffered in the ordinance aforesaid.

Approved March 14, 1861.

BA 14, 1861.

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

Your letter of 9th received. Will be attended to. Do you expect one or three years' volunteers? Public order will be obliged to be issued. Answer.

T. O. MOORE.

