
must have filled all the remaining places with young gentlemen from civil life who had but little experience. The result have been that the army officers and the young gentlemen appointed from civil life would have been alike in a great measure, strangers to our people, and could not probably have enlisted the regiments in two years. Indeed, I may say that nearly all the recruits obtained thus far have been enlisted by officers appointed from civil life. Most of the recruits have enlisted because they knew those gentlemen, had confidence in them, and were willing to serve under them. They would not have enlisted under army officers or strangers. Between 400 and 500 recruits have already been obtained and others are coming in daily. Justice to them requires that they be permitted to go under those on the faith of whose command they enlisted or that they be discharged. It has frequently been remarked that the appointments made by me would not be recognized by the President. I have organized the regiments and made the appointments under the direction of the convention of the people of this State, and must submit the question back to the authority under which I have acted for instruction in the premises in case the action of the authorities in this State is not recognized. I am informed by a member of the conviction who had an interview with the President that the regiments will be received for the three years for which they enlisted, but that the officers will not be accepted as permanent officers of the Army of the Confederate States. It is for the convention to say upon what terms they will consent to have these regiments and their officers received. I have tendered them to the Secretary of War, and am prepared to follow any instructions which the representatives of the people under whose authority I have acted may think proper to give. It will be borne in mind by members of the convention that the Legislature at its last sessiohe Governor to accept the services of 10,000 volunteers. The Government of the Confederate States has assumed control of all military operations which are to be conducted against foreign powers within the limits of any of the Confederate States. The State has reserved to itself, however, the right to repel invasion and to use military force in case of invasion or imminent danger thereof. If we should be suddenly attacked by a large force the first law of nature might require that we meet and expel the invaders without delay. In such an event a thorough organization of the volunteer force of the State would be indispensable to prompt action. With a view to secure such organization I have appointed Colonel Henry R. Jackson, of Chatham, major-general of the First Division of volunteer forces, and Paul J. Semmes, of Muscogee, and William Phillips, of Cobb, brigadier-generals. Colonel William H. T. Walker, late of the U. S. Army, who has rendered most distinguished service on so many battle-fields, has also been appointed major-general of the Second Division. The First Division will be organized as speedily as possible and the officers called together for the purpose of drill, after which they will be ordered to hold the troops under their command in readiness as minute men, to be called into active service should a sudden invasion or a call from the Government of the Confederate States render it necessary. The companies will not, however, be taken into the pay of the State till they are required for active service. My sincere desire is to render to the Government of the Confederate States all the assistance in my power in the prosecution of the noble work in which the representatives of a free and independent people are engaged. We must remember, however, that the Government has but recently been formed and that time is necessary to the full development of its resources and the manifestation of its power. In the meantime the State authorities should be actively engaged in preparation for self defense, and should leave nothing undone which is necessary to advance the common cause in which we are all so vitally interested. I shall, to the extent of my ability, cheerfully and promptly carry into effect all instructions which the convention may think proper to give upon this and other subjects. I would enter more into detail in regard to our military preparations, but do not think that the public interest could at present by promoted by a public disclosure of plans and operations, which to be successful must necessarily be private. I respectfully that the convention authorize me, by the sale of State bonds or the use of treasury notes, or both, to raise and expend such sums of money, in addition to the appropriation made by the Legislature for military purposes, as the public exigencies may require.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

Mr. Rice, from the committee of seven who had been appointed to examine into the condition of the defenses of the city of Savannah and its approaches, to inquire what additional defense, is

