
alarming forms, may constrain her to a reluctant but early exercise of that invaluable right.

2. Be it further resolved, That in the absence of any preparation for a systematic co-operation of the Southern States in resisting the aggressions of her enemies, Alabama, acing for herself, has solemnly declared that under no circumstances will she submit to the foul domination of a sectional Northern party; has provided for the call of a convention in the event of the triumph of such a faction in the approaching Presidential election, and, to maintain the position thus deliberately assumed, has appropriated the sum of $200,000 for the military contingencies which such a course may involve.

3. Be it further resolved, That the State of Alabama, having endeavored to prepare for the exigencies of the future, has not deemed it necessary to propose a meeting of deputies from the slave-holding States, but, anxiously desiring their co-operation in a struggle which perils all they hold most dear, hereby pledges herself to a cordial participation in any and every effort which, in her judgment, will protect the common safety, advance the common interest, and serve the common cause.

In obedience to the instructions of the General Assembly, and in accordance with his own loyal heart and manly purpose, His Excellency Andrew B. Moore, Governor of Alabama, ordered an election of delegates by the people on the 24th day of December last. These delegates, 100 in number, will assemble in convention at Montgomery on Monday next, the 7th instant, and there and then will speak the sovereign voice of Alabama. There may be found an honest difference of opinion and judgment as to the time and mode of secession from the Federal Union, whether the State shall move at once, for herself and by herself, or await the action and co-operation of Georgia and adjoining sister States who have with her a common interest, but that the convention will fully maintain the high and patriotic resolves of the General Assembly, and thus proudly vindicate the rights and honor of Alabama, I do not for a moment entertain the shadow of a doubt. Events now transpiring must, at an early date, unite all loyal sons of the South in the defense of the South. We should make haste to be ready for the conflict which is well night upon us. "Delay is dangerous; hesitation, weakness; opposition, treason. " We honor the gallant State of South Carolina, which accidental and fortuitous circumstances have placed in front of the battle, and Alabama will stand by and make common cause with her and every other State which shall assert her independence of an abolitionized Government. Alabama sends greetings to her mother, glorious old Georgia, the Empire State of the South, one of the immortal thirteen which suffered and endured and triumphed in the Revolution of 1776, and Alabama invokes her counsel and advice, her encouragement and co-operation. Having similar institutions, kindred sympathies, and honor alike imperiled, will not Georgia unite with Alabama and sister States in throwing off the insolent despotism of the North, and in the establishment of a Southern confederacy, a government of homogeneous people, which shall endure through all coming time, the proudest and grandest monument on the fact of the earth? I shall proceed hence to the capital of Alabama to report the result of my interview with Your Excellency to the Governor of Alabama in time for him to lay the same before the convention on Monday next; and I shall feel grateful for the honor of being made the medium of bearing any communication which Your Excellency may be pleased to make.

With high consideration, I am, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

JNO. GILL SHORTER.

2 R R-SERIES IV, VOL I

