
disposed to do so to erect works for the manufacture of cannon, &amp;c. The erection of such works would require capital, and men of capital will hesitate about embarking their capital in what would be in this State a new business, unless in some way secured against the probability of loss. For these reasons, and many others which we could urge, your committee recommend that encouragement be given to the erection of works in this State for the manufacture of cannon by the offer of a bonus to any person or company who shall at the earliest day erect works in this State for the manufacture and casting of cannon, and who shall agree to furnish the State at reasonable prices such number of columbiads and other cannon as the State may require. We recommend that the bonus be offered for the casting of columbiads, because that is the gun most needed for our defenses. We feel assured that if the payment of such a bonus secure the State a supply of e State needs it will be money well spent. We therefore recommend the passage for the ordinance herewith submitted:

AN ORDINANCE to encourage the manufacture of cannon in this State.

Be it ordained by the people of the State of Georgia by their delegates in convention assembled, and it is hereby ordained, That the Governor of this State be, and he is hereby, authorized to offer a bonus not exceeding $10,000 to any person or company who shall erect a foundry in this State for the casting of cannon, and who shall at the earliest day manufacture a 10-inch columbiad, and shall agree to furnish thereafter the State, at reasonable prices, as many such guns and other large guns as shall be required by the State, at the rate of three guns per week, or such other number as may be agreed on, provided that said gun and guns shall be subject to inspection by a competent officer appointed by the Governor for that purpose.

* * * * *

SAVANNAH, March 15, 1861.

Hon. GEORGE W. CRAWFORD,

President of the Convention of Georgia:

SIR: Concerning my mission as a commissioner from the State of Georgia in convention assembled to the State of Louisiana in convention assembled, I have the honor to report that starting on my mission from Milledgeville the morning after my election as commissioner, and traveling the most speedy and practicable route to Baton Rouge, the capital of the State of Louisiana, I arrived in the city of New Orleans on the 29th of January, 1861. There I learned that the convention of the State of Louisiana, which assembled in Baton Rouge on the 23d of January, after a session of four days, had adopted an ordinance to dissolve the union between the State of Louisiana and the other States united with her under a compact entitled "The Constitution of the United States," and adjourned from that place to reassemble on the 29th day of that month in the city of New Orleans.

On that day the convention resumed its sessions in that city, and I had an interview with a committee of that body appointed to receive commissioners from other States, at which it was arranged that I should be introduced and make known the objects of my mission to the convention on the following day. Accordingly the committee the next day personally introduced me to the convention, and I am pleased to declare that I was received with great cordiality and with the respect and consideration due to the State which I had the honor to represent.

After an interchange of salutations the president of the convention very respectfully invited me to address that body upon the objects of my mission.

That duty I performed by exhibiting my commission, which accredited me as a commissioner from this to that convention, and

