
laying before that the ordinance of secession adopted by this convention. I then briefly stated what this convention had done; defined the position which thea had assumed as an independent sovereignty in the family of nations; invited the State of Louisiana to co-operate with her, and all the seceding States to form a Southern confederacy upon the principles of the Constitution of the United States, and presented such reasons to the consideration of the convention as appeared to me pertinent and persuasive to that end.

The address was respectfully listened to and was received apparently favorably by the convention.

The president of the convention, the day after my reception, handed me duly certified copies of "An ordinance to dissolve the union between the State of Louisiana and other States, " &amp;c., of "An ordinance to provide for the appointment of delegates to form a Southern confederacy," &c., and of "A resolution in reference to the navigation of the Mississippi River,"+ with a request that I should present them to this convention as evidence of the disposition and intention of the State of Louisiana to co-operate with Georgia and the other seceding States in the formation of a Southern confederacy.

Those documents I have the honor now to present herewith to this convention.

It is my duty, and with pleasure I discharge it, to declare to this convention that I found the convention of the State of Louisiana in perfect accord in feeling and sentiment with the State of Georgia as to the objects of my mission, and that I was received and treated with the kindest and most respectful consideration by the enlightened and patriotic convention of that noble and chivalrous State.

In conclusion I tender to this convention my sincere thanks for the honor which it has conferred upon me, and express the hope that the manner in which I have discharged the delicate and responsible trust confided in me will meet the appropriation of this honorable convention.

All of which is respectfully submitted by your obliged fellow-citizen,

WM. J. VASON.

BATON ROUGE, March 15, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

The number for forts below the city will soon be completed. Have issued orders for 1,000 twelve-months' men for Confederate Army. Ready to transfer arms and munitions. Send agent to receive. Arrangements should be made for pay of transportation of troops.

THO. O. MOORE.

MONTGOMERY, March 15, 1861.

Governor T. O. MOORE,

Baton Rouge, La.:

Will send agent to receive arms, &c. Have no quartermaster at command. Will you arrange for the transportation? It shall be refunded.

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

---------------

* See January 26, p. 80.

+ See Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 617.

---------------

