
L. P. WALKER:

Should not the troops called for from Louisiana be mustered into the service of the Confederate States at New Orleans? Shall the State of Louisiana or the Confederate States furnish transportation to Pensacola? Are the officers now in command of Louisiana troops recognized by the Confederate Government? The withdrawal of Captain Oladowski leaves us without an ordinance officer. Please order him back. Answer by telegraph.

THO. O. MOORE.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Baton Rouge, La., March 15, 1861.

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: I have issued the necessary orders in compliance with your communication directed to me, dated March 9, 1861. I would respectfully suggest that the troops called for from the State of Louisiana should be mustered into the Confederate States at New Orleans. Shall transportation to Pensacola be furnished by the Confederate Government, or is it expected the State of Louisiana shall do so? I would respectfully recommend that the regular force of two regiments now mustered and being mustered into the service of the State of Louisiana be adopted by the Confederate Government, and the officers thus far appointed duly commissioned or others appointed to said regiment. It is important, for the good of the service and especially with a view to the defense of the Mississippi and the approaches, to the city of New Orleans, that an officer with the proper rank should without delay be placed in command of the Military Department of Louisiana. In the meantime I shall use all measures at my command to place the armaments of Forts Jackson and Saint Philip on a proper footing both as regards guns and garrisons. The transfer of Captain Oladowski to Pensacola leaves the State and the important arsenal of Baton Rouge without an ordnance officer. Such an officer and artificers to prepare fixed ammunition are imperatively needed. I have the honor to transmit to His Excellency the President of the Confederate States a copy of the act authorizing the transfer of the regular forces of this State. I would ask that Captain Oladowski be ordered back to the ordnance department here, or that an efficient officer be sent in his place.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. O. MOORE.

Dispatch just received. Our State expects to be relieved of all expense for transportation, &amp;c., from the time the troops are received by the Confederate States.

[Inclosure.]

AN ACT relative to the transfer of the regular military force of this State munitions of war acquired from the United States to the Provisional Government of the Confederate States of America.

SECTION. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of Louisiana in General Assembly convened, That the Governor be, and is hereby, authorized to transfer and cause to be mustered into the service of the Provisional Government of the Confederate States of America the regular military force of this State, organized under an ordinance of the convention of the people of Louisiana passed on the 5th of February, in the year 1861.

