
SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, &amp;c., That the Governor be, and is hereby, authorized to transfer to said Provisional Government, all the arms and munitions of war acquired from the late United States, or so much thereof as he may think proper, the said Provisional Government undertaking to settle for the same with the United States.

SEC. 3. Be it further enacted, &c., That the Governor be, and is hereby, authorized to grant permission to the volunteer troops of this State to volunteer for services in the Provisional Army of the Confederate States of America.

SEC. 4. Be it further enacted, &c., That this act shall take effect from its passage.

C. H. MORRISON,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

HENRY M. HYAMS,

Vice-President and President of the Senate.

Approved March 15, 1861.

THO. O. MOORE.

Governor.

AN ACT making additional appropriations for the support of the Army for the year ending the 1st of March, 1862.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enacted, That the following sum be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, namely: For the purchase of ordnance and ordnance stores, $110,000.

Approved March 16, 1861.

AN ACT authorizing the President alone to make certain appointments.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That during the recess of this Congress the President shall have power to make appointments of such inferior officers as by the Constitution of this Provisional Government the Congress has authority to vest in him alone, anything in any law heretofore passed to the contrary notwithstanding.

Approved March 16, 1861.

AN ORDINANCE to adopt and ratify the Constitution of the Confederate States of America.

Be it ordained by the people of Georgia in convention assembled, and it is hereby ordained by the authority of the same, That the Constitution adopted by the Congress at Montgomery, in the State of Alabama, on the eleventh day of March, in the year of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, for the "permanent federal government" of the Confederate States of America, be, and the same is hereby, adopted and ratified by the State of Georgia," acting in its sovereign and independent character. "

Passed March 16, 1861.

GEO. W. CRAWFORD,

President.

Attest.

A. R. LAMAR,

Secretary.

