
MONTGOMERY, March 16, 1861.

Governor THOMAS O. MOORE,

Baton Rouge, La.:

Will send officer to muster troops in at New Orleans; also officer to receive property. Will get you to furnish transportation. As it is impossible, to provide officers, the State officers now in command recognized until others appointed. Oladowski is now captain in Confederate Army, and much needed at Pensacola. If absolutely necessary, will spare him a day or two.

L. P. WALKER.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Jackson, Miss., March 16, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

SIR: Yours of the 8th instant received. The organization of the Army of Mississippi is not yet complete. Thirty or forty companies have been mustered into service. The material of which our volunteer army is composed I think will not enlist in the Regular Army of the Confederate States. A considerable number of men might be enlisted for the Regular Army if recruiting officers were sent here for that purpose. Whatever I may have power to do you may rely on being done to sustain the power and efficiency of the Confederate Government. Write me fully if you expect the companies from Mississippi to become a part of the Regular Army.

Respectfully,

JOHN J. PETTUS.

[MARCH 16 and 25 and APRIL 1, 1861. - For correspondence between Wigfall, Beauregard, Walker, and Cooper in relation to recruiting in Baltimore, Md., see Series I, VOL. I, pp. 276, 278, 279, 281, 284.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, March 18, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Your communication in reply to mine from Savannah is just received. I regret the embarrassments about the Georgia regiments, but I do not see how I can turn them over on terms different from those mentioned in my letter. The officers and recruits are now in the pay of the State, and the officers not necessary to the command of the men are in the field, actively engaged securing other recruits for the purpose of filling up the regiments. If you should think proper to receive the regiments, you would have no further embarrassments about troops from this State. I have delayed my consent to have companies mustered into the service till the regiments are received. Captain Lee's company forms an exception, as I was informed you desired it for a special service. I sincerely desire to give you as little embarrassment as possible. I must, however, insist that the regiments be received before the volunteers the service. I could furnish 250 recruits and 750 volunteers for Fort Pulaski and

