
as many more for Pensacola in a few days. The recruits are fine, able-bodied men, and the regiments would soon be full if the officers remained for a time at their recruiting stations. In the event I order volunteers into the field I have not on hand at present a full supply of accouterments, tents, knapsacks, &amp;c., for them. I am having them made as fast as possible. Will you expect that the State furnish all these things; and if so, will the War Department pay for them? We have on hand and on the way from New York quite a supply of blankets and some clothing for soldiers. We have also contracted for a considerable supply of bacon, &c. Will you take and account for these supplies? The bacon-about 500,000 pounds- has not yet been paid for. If you take it I prefer you pay the venders for it.

Hoping that you will receive regiments upon the terms mentioned in my letter from Savannah, and that no future cause of misunderstanding may exist.

I am, very respectfully, &c.,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Baton Rouge, La., March 18, 1861.

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: Your dispatch of the 16th instant just received, stating that you would have officers here to receive and muster the troops into the Confederate Army and take charge of the property to be transferred. We shall soon have the 700 three-years' men mustered, and hope they will be kept at the forts below the city, as they are, I believe, becoming well acquainted in artillery exercise, which is essential. The 1,000 infantry required I hope will soon be raised for twelve months. That time was thought best, as enlistments could be more readily made than for a longer period. You will be advised as to the time necessary for the officers to receive them to be here. You will be expected to take charge of the troops and furnish transportation to their place of destination.

Your obedient servant,

THO. O MOORE.

If you think it necessary I could raise another regiment for three years now, I believe, by taking a little more time, particularly if I should be permitted to select the officers, as by that means we enlist in the matter some very active men. Let me hear from you.

Yours, &c.,

THO. O. MOORE.

BATON ROUGE, March 18, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

Will you accept eight companies (800 men) of artillery? Our law authorizes the raising of that number. Are a colonel, major, surgeon, and three assistant surgeons accepted? Transportation must be furnished by the Confederate Government.

THO. O. MOORE.

