
JACKSON, March 18, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

Is compliance with your requisition of the 9th-now out eight days on the way-yet wanted? Will transportation be provided from Mobile?

JOHN J. PETTUS.

CHARLESTON, March 18, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

I understand that it has been written from Montgomery that no officer will be appointed unless personal application be made for the appointment. I suppose this surely cannot be so, for many delicate and sensitive gentlemen of the highest merit will not apply personally, and besides, many who are now appointed in the service of the State consider their honor committed to the State, and that it would not be right to apply personally for an office elsewhere unless they are sanctioned by the State authorities in so doing, but are anxious to go into the Confederate service by arrangements made through their constituted authorities.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. PICKENS.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, March 19, 1861.

His Excellency A. B. MOORE,

Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: In reply to your communication of this date* I beg to say that as the troops are organized when they are mustered into the service of the Confederate States so they will remain-that is to say, if they come in as companies they cannot afterward enlarge their organizations into battalions or regiments. With reference to the term of service, if there shall be peace and no prospect of war, there would hardly be any necessity for keeping the twelve-months' volunteers in service after these facts shall be ascertained.

Very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER.

BALDWIN, March 19, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

Your letter of the 9th just received. I will furnish the troops promptly. Will write you fully.

M. S. PERRY.

MONTGOMERY, March 19, 1861.

Governor THOMAS O. MOORE,

Baton Rouge:

The requisition was for 1,700 men-700 for forts, balance for Pensacola, the troops now in forts being a part. No necessity for so many

---------------

* See Series I, VOL. I, p. 452.

---------------

