
artillerymen, but special objection not made. To complete complement for forts take from artillery, unless now organized into regiments; colonels and majors not needed. Surgeons and assistants not received. Officer Galt leaves to-day to provide transportation, and will muster into service at New Orleans. He is instructed to report to you his arrival at New Orleans.

L. P. WALKER.

BATON ROUGE, March 19, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

Is the requisition mad by you on the 9th to be considered additional companies to the regular army of this State, or does it refer to the regiments of artillery and infantry now being organized in the regular army of the State? Answer immediately.

THO. O. MOORE,

Governor.

MONTGOMERY, March 19, 1861.

Governor THOMAS O. MOORE,

Baton Rouge, La.:

The requisition is only for 1,700 troops in all-700 for the forts and 1,000 for Pensacola. You can supply them from whatever source you prefer. They will constitute part of Provisional and not Regular Army.

L. P. WALKER.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Baton Rouge, La., March 19, 1861.

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: In my letter yesterday I did not refer to the paragraph in your dispatch of the 16th in which you say "the State officers now in command recognized until others appointed. " I infer from that the officers who have been and will be appointed by me to their various ranks in the State army, when transferred into the Army of either the provisional or permanent Government of the Confederate States, are to be superseded by other appointments, to be made by the Department at Montgomery. If I am correct in my inference I beg to remonstrate against this act as being neither just nor proper, and to say that if it were so it would create dissatisfaction among the officers and troops and in the State at large, for the gentlemen appointed were submitted to an examination by a board of military officers and received their recommendation, and I therefore am desirous of being informed as to what course the Department will pursue in this matter and request a full and direct answer. I telegraphed you to-day to know whether from the tenor of your communication of the 1st of March instant, and the requisition made by you on the 9th instant for 1,700 men, they were required as an additional force to the two regiments now being organized in the army of the State, to wit, artillery and infantry. From your requisition I have issued orders for the raising of 1,000 men of infantry into companies, to be mustered into the service of the Confederate States for twelve

12 R R-SERIES IV, VOL I

