
months, unless sooner discharged. I inclose copy of the order. * This order may be changed to-morrow to three years, after consultation, as the State army is enlisted for three years. Both the State army and the addition of 1,000 men, I believe, can be raised, but their transportation must be provided for. Let me know your views distinctly and clearly on the subject, so as to create no difficulty in the matter. It has been mentioned publicly here on the street-the matter of a change of officers of the companies after leaving the State-and I must say that the move would, I think, be very injudicious and cause much trouble.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. O. MOORE.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Montgomery, March 19, 1861.

Captain JOHN M. GALT:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that you proceed with the least delay practicable to New Orleans for the purpose of mustering into service the troops called out from the State of Louisiana and providing them the necessary transportation to their destination. The number thus called into service, including the number now serving in Forts Jackson and Saint Philip, on the Mississippi River, is 1,700. Of this number 1,000 are to be sent to Pensacola Harbor to report to Brigadier-General Bragg, and the balance to furnish garrisons for the forts above named. The offer made by the Governor of Louisiana is a regiment of infantry and 800 artillery. The number to be required and mustered into service, whether infantry or artillery, or both, must, therefore, be 1,700 less the number now serving at the forts. This last number (at the forts) you can obtain on applying to Brigadier-General Westmore, in New Orleans. It is desirable that both the infantry and artillery should be received with simply company organization, but should they have regimental organization under the State law they must be so mustered, but not exceed the numbers already stated. It is also desirable that the number to be sent to the forts should be of artillery, and that 1,000 for Pensacola Harbor should be composed of both artillery and infantry, say 600 infantry and 400 artillery. You will immediately on arriving at New Orleans report by telegraph to the Governor of Louisiana at Baton Rouge the orders here given. You will confer with Captain Frazer, of the infantry, to act conjointly with him in carrying into effect these instructions. You will receive the necessary funds for the purpose of transportation.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, March 19, 1861.

Governor JOHN J. PETTUS,

Jackson, Miss.:

Requisition yet wanted. Transportation provided from Mobile. Telegraph departure of troops.

L. P. WALKER.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

