
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Montgomery, March 20, 1861.

Major GASTON COPPENS,

Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to inform you that the Government will receive into the service of the Provisional Army of the Confederate States the battalion of Zouaves tendered by you, to consist of not less than 400 or more than 500 men, with a proper proportion of commissioned and non-commissioned officers, to serve for a period of twelve months, or during the war, unless sooner discharged. Such uniform clothing as may be furnished by the battalion will be hereafter settled for by the Government at the rates and prices to be fixed for the Regular Army.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, March 20, 1861.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Savannah:

No reply to my requisition for troops. Will they be furnished, and when? Circumstances require immediate answer.

L. P. WALKER.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, March 20, 1861.

His Excellency J. E. BROWN,

Milledgeville, Ga.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 18th instant. In reply I can only repeat what I have already said in previous letters. If there be companies organized and tendered they will be received as companies into the Provisional Army. If batteries are organized and tendered they will be received as such, and so also with regiments; but to receive either a company, battalion, or regiment not organized and in existence would do such violence, as I conceive, both to the letter and the spirit of the law as to put it altogether out of the question. I sincerely regret to be compelled to make this answer, both because I am anxious if possible to oblige Your Excellency and because we need the troops, particularly at Pensacola, without a moment's delay. In reply to your inquiry I state that all tents, accouterments, &amp;c., which may be transferred to this Government and received by it would be paid for. Should your State make such transfer an officer will be appointed to inspect the articles, and if suitable receive them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER.

SAVANNAH, March 20, 1861.

MR. PRESIDENT AND GENTLEMEN OF THE CONVENTION:

I herewith report to you the result of my mission to the State of Tennessee:

In discharging the duties imposed upon me by the commission, I visited Nashville, the capital, on the 9th of February last, having

