
with a great people with whom they are identified in interest, institution, and destiny they will not hesitate to pursue that course dictated alike by honor and patriotism, and determine to unite their fortunes and destiny with those of the Confederate States.

H. P. BELL.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Baton Rouge, La., March 20, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Confederate States, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: From the dispatches received by me from your Department I am at a loss to conceive precisely what is required in regard to the reception of the troops of this State into the Confederate Army, and these have created quite a dissatisfaction with the officers who have been commissioned by me, and are likely to cause difficulties and annoyances which will be embarrassing both to this State and the Confederate States. I have deemed it proper to send anull instructions and powers to confer freely with you upon this subject, and have with you a clear and distinct understanding in regard to the reception of the two regiments of artillery and infantry now being organized with the field, staff, and company officers into the provisional forces of the Army of the Government of the Confederate States, and with the view to have the same mustered into the service at New Orleans by an officer designated by the Department. The artillery, so far as organized, will be transferred immediately. The infantry is now being organized, and will be turned over so soon as completed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. O. MOORE,

Governor of Louisiana.

MONTGOMERY, March 21, 1861.

Governor J. E. BROWN,

Milledgeville, Ga.:

Your letter received yesterday after I dispatched you. It was answered at once.

L. P. WALKER.

SAVANNAH, March 21, 1861.

General L. P. WALKER:

Saw Governor B[rown]. His temper and objects good. Will send you the 1,000 men for Pickens immediately. Shall he delay any of them to wait a few days for accouterments? Answer. You misunderstand him about his two regiments. He raised them under ordinance of State. Has 600 or 700 men raised for all the companies of both regiments. No company full. He is willing to turn them over to you, with enough officers for their command, as parts of regiments, and as the regiments fill up continue to turn over until both regiments full-for your Provisional Army, not your Regular Army. I think he is right. Do you agree to it? Answer to-night if you can. Will write to-morrow.

R. TOOMBS.

