
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, March 21, 1861.

His Excellency FRANCIS W. PICKENS,

Charleston:

SIR: In reply to your note of the 18th instant I beg to say that you were entirely right in supposing that the written statement to which you refer in regard to appointments by this Department was incorrect. No rule requiring personal application has been adopted by or announced from this Department, and the selection of any officer known to be meritorious would in no degree be affected by his omission to make such application. Of course, under this practice any officer in the service of South Carolina whose services might be needed by this Government, and whose competency known to it, would be appointed whether application had been made for him or not. It is proper to add that while, as you are aware, a considerable number of appointments has been made, there remain yet to be officered four entire regiments of infantry, and that the Artillery and Engineer Corps and the staff are still incomplete.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, Ala., March 21, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The Governor directs me to forward the inclosed communication to your Department, with the request that you have the goodness to lay it before the President.

I have the honor to be, with distinguished consideration,

J. J. SEIBELS,

Aide-de-Camp.

ALBUQUERQUE, N. MEX., February 15, 1861.

His Excellency Governor A. B. MOORE,

Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: Our communication with the States is so very irregular that I can form but a very indefinite idea as to what is to be the result of the troubles now agitating our country. I presume, however, that Alabama is out of the Union ere this. I desire, therefore, to tender through you my services to her, should she need a soldier who has seen hard service. I am the senior officer of the army, from Alabama, and should be the first to offer her such assistance in my profession as I may be able to render. I should have returned to my State in anticipation had it been possible to do so, but a severe winter season and the hostile attitude of the Indians between this and the settlements render the trip next to impossible.

With the greatest respect, I remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Major, U. S. Army.

