
MAYOR'S OFFICE,

Athens, Ala., March 22, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

DEAR SIR: I have long since been convinced the seceded States acted wisely in withdrawing from the Union. At first I objected with great earnestness to their position and subsequent actions, but upon maturer reflection I became convinced that they were right, and that I, with many others who opposed them, was wrong. You may be aware of the fact, sir, but if not you are respectfully informed, that I am editor of the Union Banner and mayor of Athens. These positions commit me to reconstruction, which I confess most sincerely is a matter entirely foreign to my wishes, desires, or hopes, and I have accordingly entertained the strongest temptation to avow them through my paper with the facts above stated, but the risk of pecuniary loss occasioned by such a move, I must confess, whether right or wrong, presents very weighty motives for giving the matter due consideration, for tether that I have a family depending upon my personal efforts for maintenance. The semblance of opposition to the Confederacy which now engages my attention is already exciting suspicious of my soundness on reconstruction, but not to an extent to injure me materially as yet; but this or any other kind of hypocrisy operates very much against my feelings and principles, and I have therefore taken the liberty, predicating it upon the slight acquaintance I have with you, to lay the matter before you with the view to solicit your advice and counsel, and at the same time your personal consideration after I shall have published the facts hereinbefore mentioned, which I sincerely trust you will give me at your first leisure moment. It may not be amiss to state the fact that I was born and raised in Virginia, where I received a military education, and that for eighteen years I have held a captain's commission, having been in active drill in Virginia and North Carolina during the time.

Do me the favor, sir, to reply to this note at your first leisure moment, and believe me to be,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. HENDREN.

BARRANCAS BARRACKS, FLA., March 22, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General C. S. Army, Montgomery:

GENERAL: It is due to my recent command in Louisiana that the officers should be brought to the notice of the appointing power, that their claims may be considered in filling our permanent service. Many of them, under the impression that the regiments might be taken as a whole, will never make an application or express a desire, when in reality they are exceedingly anxious to remain in service. Much pains was taken in selecting them, and nearly all were subjected to an examination by a competent board, so that I feel confident the service will be benefited by selecting freely from them in any appointments made from Louisiana. For ability, education, moral character, and high social position, with few exceptions, they will compare favorably with the best young men of the South. Many of them have abandoned other good professions with a view of remaining in the

