
Army, and I should be pleased to see their zeal rewarded by a recognition from the Department. I shall regard it a favor to have the Secretary's attention to the subject unofficially when occasion offers. We remain without change, but a report says re-enforcements are near-probably be in to-morrow. Your arrival amongst us is hailed with universal satisfaction.

Most respectfully, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

MONTGOMERY, March 22, 1861.

Hon. ROBERT TOOMBS,

Savannah:

Governor B[rown] can delay troops for Pensacola few days for accouterments. Let the delay be as short as possible. Companies, battalions, and regiments must be organized, if wish to retain individuality, before mustered into service. There is no law to receive fractions of either as a whole, to be afterward completed. The size of regiment will be controlled by State ordinance. Whatever that determines to be full complement is recognized here. Less than the number required by your law to constitute a regiment could not be received as one into Provisional Army.

L. P. WALKER.

CHARLESTON, S. C., March 22, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

A statements is published in one of the papers this day of officers appointed in the Army of the Confederate States. It is believed to be without foundation, but it is producing great excitement. If it has been made public without authority it would be advisable to telegraph back that information.

A. G. MAGRATH.

MONTGOMERY, March 22, 1861.

Hon. A. G. MAGRATH,

Charleston:

The list was published by authority in yesterday's papers. That of the day previous was erroneous in many respects. I hardly see why there should be any special excitement. The list is partial, not embracing more than one-sixth of the appointments to be made, having been compelled to suspend for the present, owing to more pressing engagements. My letter to Governor Pickens, written yesterday, will probably satisfy you and others upon what is supposed to be the point of apprehension. * This dispatch is not intended for publication in the papers.

L. P. WALKER.

SAVANNAH, March 23, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

Can do nothing on your basis to arrange military affairs with Governor B[rown].

R. TOOMBS.

---------------

* See p. 182.

---------------

