
Resolved by the people of Georgia in convention assembled, That the Governor of this State is hereby authorized to tender to the Government of the Confederate States of America, under the provisions of an act of Congress "to raise provisional forces for the Confederate States of America, and for other purposes," the regular forces of this State provided for by an ordinance of this convention.

Resolved further, That the President of the Confederate States be requested to receive into the service under the act aforesaid all the men now enlisted, with the officers necessary to command them, by companies, or battalions, and the remainder of the force as they may be received, with their officers, until each of the two regiments now being raised is completed, when the whole force, with their officers, shall from as regiments as part of the said Provisional Army for the term of the enlistment of the war.

Resolved further, That the Governor be authorized to continue the recruiting service by the officers now required for the command of the troops proposed until the regiments are completed, provided that a longer time than four months from this date be not allowed for this purpose; and provided further, that the Governor be authorized to disband the said regiments if not transferred to Government of the Confederate States.

Adopted March 23, 1861.

GEO. W. CRAWFORD,

President.

Attest.

A. R. LAMAR,

Secretary.

MONTGOMERY, March 23, 1861.

Governor JOHN J. PETTUS,

Jackson, Miss.:

The troops now required of your State are not for the Regular but for the Provisional Army. They come in with their own officers, either in companies, battalions, or regiments, as they are organized at the time they are mustered into service. They will serve for not less than twelve months, and will be commanded by such general officer as the President may appoint. Shall be glad to know by telegram when I may expect them. *

CHARLESTON, March 23, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I received this morning yours dated 21st instant, and am glad to know that "personal application" is not necessary for appointments. You will recollect that I stated in a previous communication that every captain I had appointed in the regular enlisted forces of South Carolina had either served as officers through the Mexican war or were graduates of West Point, and had been officers in the U. S. Army. There is but one exception to this, and that is Captain Martin, who is a very intelligent and thorough officer of great merit. The

---------------

* For reply, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 30.

---------------

