
lieutenants are for the most part graduates of our own State academies, and well drilled and educated, except a few, who were likewise in the Mexican war, and a few who were entire civilians, without any previous military education. But I perceive by the list of appointments made by the President that most of these civilians have been appointed in the Confederate Army. The President has also appointed a civilians of this State as major of artillery. There is no doubt of his being a gentleman of great merit, and I had offered him a captaincy, which he declined. I only mention this to illustrate the grounds upon which I made appointments in the regular service of this State. I would appoint no one from civil life higher than lieutenant, and offered no appointment to any civilian higher than lieutenant except the single one the President has appointed major of artillery. I also see another gentleman appointed from this State from civil life first lieutenant in infantry whom I had appointed only second lieutenant because of his youth and having no military education or experience, and at the same time several who have been in service and have received a thorough military education are appointed by the President second lieutenants under him. I perceive a good many such cases, and I most respectfully suggest that such things must necessarily produce disorganization in the force I have organized here with so much pains and with such strict regard to military experience or education. I did so knowing that I caused offense among many gentlemen of influence in civil affairs; and now, when the rule is reversed at Montgomery, it will, I fear, produce dissatisfaction with the enlisted force which I have organized here, and I only mention it by way of excuse for the complaints that may, perhaps, reach you. Not that I desire to suggest at all any gentleman who has received an appointment from the President is not of it (because I really believe they are worthy of it personally), but I merely suggest it as the reason why complaints may be made and some temporary excitement may prevail, but I trust it may only be temporary, particularly as you state "four other entire infantry regiments" are to be officered in full yet, and the artillery officers have not all been appointed.

Our convention meets in a few days, and I most respectfully suggest that perhaps it may suit the Confederate Government to receive the regular force of this State into service, to be located as a garrison force for the forts in this harbor, and also to garrison a fort at Beaufort and one at Georgetown. They are enlisted for a year, and I think such an arrangement would perhaps satisfy all. Those who desired to be appointed into the regular service of the Confederate States, and whose merits or claims might be recognized by the President, might receive appointments and enter into that service. I have a battalion of artillery, in command of Lieutenant-Colonel Ripley, of the best material, and they have been trained for three months at the heavy batteries and guns in the best manner. No force at present in the Confederate States could be relied on for more efficiency than this.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. PICKENS.

CHARLESTON, [March] 23, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

The publication of the corrected list to-day removes much of the excitement produced yesterday by the publication of the incorrect

