
list, and we hope it will subside now altogether. The assurances that the Governor gave yesterday that the list was incorrect had also its proper influence.

A. G. MAGRATH.

AN ORDINANCE to ratify the Constitution of the Confederate States of America. *

The people of the State of Texas assembled by delegates in convention ordain, That the Constitution of the Confederate States of America, adopted March 11, 1861, by the Congress of the Provisional Government of said Confederacy for the permanent government thereof, subject to ratification by the respective States, is hereby ratified, accepted, and adopted, for the purpose therein expressed, on the part of this State, acting in its sovereign and independent character.

Adopted in convention at the city of Austin on the 23d day of March, A. D. 1861.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, March 24, 1861.

Hon. A. B. HENDREN,

Athens, Ala.:

SIR: The Secretary of War instructs me to reply to your letter of the 23d [22d] instant, and to express to you his sympathy for you in the embarrassments in which you are placed. He thinks, however, that by far the safest and best plan you can pursue is boldly to announce and advocate your real views in regard to the new confederation. There are many reasons for this, one of the most potent of which is the undeniable fact that this Government is already established beyond doubt, and is rapidly taking aboard in public estimation the dimensions and form of a first-rate power. As a consequence, opposition to the cause of independent and advocacy of reconstruction may very soon assume the character of a grave political crime, odious though not legally punishable. That this will soon make it tangible to the good sense and patriotism of all the people of your section the Secretary does not doubt, and he therefore thinks that the very earliest moment at which you begin to use your talents and influence, social and political, to bring about perfect acquiescence in the actualities of the day will be the best moment for the good of your section and your own fame and fortune. The Secretary further instructs me to say that at all times when in his power he will be happy to serve you.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. HOOPER,

Private Secretary.

MONTGOMERY, March 24, 1861.

Governor J. J. PETTUS,

Jackson, Miss.:

It is desired, if practicable, that arms and ammunition and camp equiPAGEshould be sent. +

L. P. WALKER.

---------------

* From Journal of the Texas Convention.

+ This in reply to Pettus, Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 30.

---------------

