
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 1. Montgomery, March 25, 1861.

Lieut. Colonel A. C. Myers, of the Quartermaster's Department, is announced as Acting Quartermaster-General of the Army of the Confederate States, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, March 25, 1861.

His Excellency THOMAS O MOORE,

Baton Rouge, La.:

SIR: Your communications of the 19th and 20th instant are received. Let me in reply so state the case that there can be no further misapprehension. All the troops called for are to go into the Provisional Army of the Confederate States. This Provisional Army is no part of the Regular Army; this latter will be recruited for during the year, and its formation must necessarily be too slow for our present exigencies. It was this consideration which prompted the Congress to provide for the Provisional Army, composed, as it will be, of two classes of troops: First, those already in the service of the States and organized, either in companies, battalions, or regiments, and as so organized transferred by the States to this Government; and secondly, of volunteer organizations not in the service of the States, but whose services are tendered to this Government with the consent of the States. In either event, however, as they are organized and officered when the tender is made and when they are mustered into service so they will remain during their term of service. If they are mustered into the service as companies they will retain their company organization; if as battalions, they will remain battalions, and so of regiments; and they will continue under the command of their own officers, with the single qualification that their officers will be subject to the command of such "general officers" as may be assigned to that duty by the President.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER.

MONTGOMERY, March 26, 1861.

Governor M. S. PERRY,

Tallahassee, Fla.:

Transportation will be arranged from Columbus, Ga., for your troops. *

L. P. WALKER.

MACON, GA., March 26, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Montgomery:

SIR: In the month of January last a number of gentlemen of this city, learning that the supply of ammunition (powder, lead, &amp;c.) was very scant not only here but in Savannah, Augusta, &c., and at

---------------

* This in reply to Perry, Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 30.

---------------

