
which time, you will remember, intense anxiety was felt about public affairs, not knowing what to expect from Washington City, made up a purse for the emergency of nearly $3,000, sent a special agent, and purchased ammunition and brought it to this place, to be used as occasion might require. It was brought overland from Norfolk, Va., purchased in Baltimore of agents of Du Pont, of Wilmington, Del., except some of the head, which was bought in Savannah and Augusta, all of which is now in magazine and store here, and statement of amount of each herewith inclosed. * So prompt and effective have been the means of defense by our energetic new Government that it is thought unnecessary to keep it here longer by parties interested in the purchase, and on conferring with Governor Brown he has suggested that the Government of the Confederate States will take it, and it is with that view that I address you this communication in behalf of all concerned here. We would be glad if it would suit the Confederacy to take it. The powder was made by Du Pont &amp; Co., of Wilmington, Del., whose reputation is not unknown to you, and we are satisfied of superior quality, and purchased at as low price, we presume, as any of similar quality for some time past. The inclosed bill of it is actual cost, except the freight, which was advanced by our city. I would respectfully ask if it would suit you take it. I am not prepared just now to furnish statement of freight, but will, if desired. I have not yet seen the freight bills. I presume William B. Johnston, esq., of this city, is now in Montgomery on business for the Government, and to whom I would respectfully refer. He is well known to Mr. Memminger, Secretary of the Treasury. If Mr. Johnston has left I would refer to Sterling Lanier, esq., of the Exchange Hotel, or Colonel C. T. Pollard, president of the Montgomery and West Point Railroad.

An early answer will oblige your obeP. E. BOWDRE.

I would add that it is proposed to let the Confederacy have it at actual cost and freight.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, March 26, 1861.

His Excellency FRANCIS W. PICKENS,

Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: Your communication of the 23d instant is received. In the published list of appointments in the Army, to which you refer, I do not doubt that some grave errors exist, the result of want of personal knowledge of the applicants, and which under the circumstances were unavoidable. Of course neither this Department nor the President had any other wish than to appoint the best men to the best places. That we have failed in this in some instances, as seems to be implied in your letter, could only have been avoided by one of those rare accidents of good fortune sufficiently exceptional to be excluded from the estimate of probabilities. So far as seniority or rank in the army of South Carolina is concerned, that was not and could not be regarded as controlling the appointments here, because there was no comity requiring this Department to appoint in the Army of the Confederate States the officers of the army of South Carolina. Your

---------------

* Statement (omitted) shows purchase of 9,971 pounds buckshot and lead, 10,350 pounds gunpowder.

---------------

