
before the fort can be taken. In my opinion, other Southern States should not be deceived by trusting to such a government in future.

In view of the threats of coercion which are made by Northern Senators and Representatives, and the probabilities that the like policy now meets with the sanction of a majority of the Cabinet, the South can look in future only to her own strength, the justice of her cause, and the protection of the Almighty Ruler of the Universe for her safety and independence. Prompted by these considerations, I have seized and occupied Fort Pulaski, the stronghold in this State, with a sufficient number of troops and other ample provision to secure it against successful assault. Till the convention of this State has acted question of Georgia's future dependence or independence, I shall hold the fort at all hazards, and by force if necessary. I am glad to learn by a telegram just received from His Excellency the Governor of your State that he has taken the same precautions for the protection of the people of Alabama against the assaults of our common enemy, and I sincerely trust the Executive of each and every Southern State in the Union will at once adopt the same policy, and let us all co-operate in a common defense. So far as the returns have been received at this office they indicate beyond a doubt that the people of Georgia have determined by an overwhelming majority to secede from the Union so soon as our convention meets and has time to consummate this important step, which can alone preserve the honor, the rights, and the dignity of this State in the future. I trust that Alabama will not hesitate, but will act promptly and independently, relying, as I know she may, upon the cordial co-operation of Georgia in every hour of trial. The people of the proslavery States have common institutions, common interests, common sympathies, and a common destiny. Let each State, as soon as its convention meets, secede promptly from the Union, and let all then unite upon a common platform, co-operate together, and "form a more perfect union. " Our cause is just, and I doubt not, should we be attacked, that the God of Battles will protect the right and drive far from us the scattered hosts of an invading foe. I regret the necessity which compels me to prepare this response in so short a period. I have no time to revise it. You will please say to His Excellency Governor Moore that it will afford me much pleasure to receive intelligence at the earliest moment after the convention has placed Alabama in the high position which Georgia, by a vote of her people, has determined to occupy so soon as her convention has time to assemble and deliberate.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

MONTGOMERY, January 5, 1861.

His Excellency A. M. MOORE:

SIR: I was honored by Your Excellency with the appointments of commissioner to the State of South Carolina to confer with her Governor and her convention, about to assemble on the 17th of December last, on the political condition of the slave-holding States of the Union in the present crisis. The principal object of my mission was for consultation with that States, through her Governor and convention, by a full and free interchange of opinion as to the best course to be pursued, in view of the dangers impending over the Southern States, to avert

