
would be first upon the list to be accepted. But there precede the "Sons of the South" in priority of tender the following patriotic military organizations, to wit: Captain Turney's company from Tennessee, a volunteer regiment from Kentucky, and a volunteer regiment from Tennessee. If, however, hostilities at all serious should occur there is little doubt but that the causes which will make necessary the services of the several last-mentioned organizations will open the way for the acceptance of the services of the "Sons of the South. " In any such event you will be promptly informed of the change in the condition of affairs. The Secretary of War directs me, in conclusion, to tender to the officers and men of the "Sons of the South", through you, the expression of his high appreciation and esteem.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. HOOPER,

Private Secretary.

MARION, SMYTH COUNTY, VA., March 26, 1861.

Hon. L. POPE WALKER,

Secretary of War, Confederate States:

DEAR SIR: There is a company at this place who desire a contract for shot and shell for your Government. They can manufacture, with present force, three or four tons per week, and they can increase their force, if a contract can be had, so as to manufacture an additional quantity. This point is immediately on the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, forty-four miles from Bristol, the western terminus of the road. If your Government or the Department over which you have control, desire contracts of this character, I would be glad if you would inform me. If a contract of this character can be had, the best of references can be given.

Your obedient servant,

JAMES H. GILMORE.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 9. Montgomery, March 27, 1861.

* * * *

II. Lieut. Colonel Lucius Northrop, of the Subsistence Department, is assigned to duty as Acting Commissary-General of Subsistence.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, March 27, 1861.

Governor J. E. BROWN,

Milledgeville:

Transportation from Columbus for 1,000 troops will be ready on Wednesday next, presuming they will rendezvous at that point.

L. P. WALKER.

---------------

* Probably in reply to Brown, Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, p. 30.

---------------

