
MILLEDGEVILLE, [March] 27, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

Have already sent out the orders for the rendezvous at Macon on Tuesday. Send officers to muster them into service.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Montgomery, March 28, 1861.

General DUFF C. GREEN,

Quartermaster-General, Mobile:

GENERAL: Yours of the 25th are received. Inclosed you have copy of ordinance which authorizes the Governor to sell Confederate States all provisions, military and quartermaster's stores, not needed by the State. Under this ordinance the Governor has agreed to dispose of all the provisions, stores, &amp;c., belonging to the State, except such as may be required for the use of our own troops until they are discharged or mustered into service of the Confederacy; and as that service was in immediate want of subsistence, &c., it was thought advisable to supply its requisitions to an extent which should not affect our own wants, and when all our invoices had been received and Alabama relieved of her troops by transfer or discharge, that the whole matter could then be closed by the Confederacy taking the balance on hand and accounting for what had been received on its requisitions. After any of our troops have been received by the Confederacy, Alabama has nothing more to do with them, and the Confederate Government is bound to provide for them. Upon this principle the companies received into the Confederate service should be subsisted from that time from stores supplied on requisitions of its officers, and up to that time from those furnished on the requisitions of our own. If this course is pursued, and the stores, &c., not consumed by our own troops up to the time of their discharge or transfer are inventoried and turned over to the Confederacy, it would under the circumstances be the least objectionable. The Governor, however, simply suggests this for your consideration, leaving the details for your better judgment, with instructions, however, to be sure and retain enough to meet the wants of our recruits at Mount Vernon and our troops elsewhere until the contingencies arise which have been referred to. In relation to receipting for or merely making an inventory of stores as reported by Colonel Echols, the Governor wishes you to ascertain received correspond with those reported by Colonel Echols, and then receipt to him. As regards sending boat to Fort Morgan at the expense of the State, the Governor can give no definite instructions. The States bound to furnish, the supplies for troops in her service and to transport them to Fort Morgan, and to this extent, and this only, she should bear the expense. From the time the troops are in the Confederate service the expense of transportation belongs to that Government. You must use your own judgment as to keeping the boat in, acting as you deem the best for the interest of the State. The information you request as to the time of the arrival of the last company cannot at this time be given with anything like accuracy. It depends upon the fact as to how many of the troops at Fort Morgan will consent to be transferred to the service of the Confederacy, and upon this point there is no reliable information at this office. The Governor has expected confidently that at least 400 of the troops at Fort Morgan, when the requisition was made, would consent to be transferred, and

