
his action in relation to the companies accepted has been based upon that expectation. Should it not be well founded it will be a source of great embarrassment. Every available means have been used to obtain information on this point, but up to this time it has not been received. Should you have any, telegraph me. I believe if your questions have not all been answered the data have been given from which you can furnish the answer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. GOLDTHWAITE,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

MONTGOMERY, March 28, 1861.

Governor J. E. BROWN,

Milledgeville:

Very well. Rendezvous your troops at Macon at time appointed. Transportation provided from there. Three hundred will leave daily until all are transported. This will prevent any detention here. Arrangements according to this programme have been perfected.

L. P. WALKER.

AN ORDINANCE to adopt and ratify the Constitution adopted by the convention at Montgomery, Ala.

SECTION 1. Be it ordained by the people of Mississippi in convention assembled, and it is hereby ordained by authority of the same, That the Constitution adopted by the convention at Montgomery, in the State of Alabama, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, for the permanent Federal Government of the Confederate States of America, be, and the same is hereby, adopted and ratified by the State of Mississippi acting in its sovereign and independent character, and the State of Mississippi hereby accedes to and becomes a member of the Confederacy provided for in said Constitution.

Passed convention March 29, 1861.

WILLIAM S. BARRY,

President of the Convention.

E. P. RUSSELL,

Secretary.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, March 29, 1861.

P. E. BOWDRE, Esq.,

Macon, Ga.:

SIR: I am instructed to reply to your letter of the 26th instant in relation to the powder and lead purchased by the citizens of Macon, and the Secretary of War directs me to state that for the present he can only say that the subject shall be promptly submitted to the ordinance bureau of this Department as soon as that can be organized. I am further directed to express the regret of the Secretary at his inability to answer you more definitely at present.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. HOOPER,

Private Secretary.

13 R R-SERIES IV, VOL I

