
as the Executive, should be first called upon. I further understand these companies are to be considered as forming a part of the requisition made by you and not as additional troops. Be that as it may, courtesy, if not right, should require some information of the fact to me. I hope, sir, you will perceive the embarrassing and perplexing difficulties in which such orders will place our soldiers and the officers who have sacrificed positions in civil life and were the first to answer the call of the State of Louisiana to defend her rights; that you will take immediate steps to countermand orders which may have been issued to enlist troops in this State, unless emanating from the Executive thereof, which can only interfere with the enlistment of troops authorized by me, and on your requisitions, and create great dissatisfaction.

I remain, with respect, your obedient servant,

THO. O. MOORE.

Address to the people of Texas.

AUSTIN, March 30, 1861.

FELLOW-CITIZENS:

The undersigned are a committee of the convention to prepare a brief exposition of its proceedings, with reasons thereof, as an address to the people for general information. The political crisis arose from an irreconcilable diversity of opinion between the Northern and Southern portions of the United States of America as to relative rights. Separation of Southern from Northern States was the leading object of the popular movement with a view to a consequent confederacy of seceded States as the best means, if not the only mode, of securing essential and inalienable rights. In this State the public mind was exercised by the question of our final separation from all other States, but the idea of such a result had no favor and the apprehension of it was used as an argument against secession, while the objection was met by the assured policy of a seceded confederacy. Hence, with rare exceptions the advocates and opponents of immediate and separate secession of this State commenced and prosecuted the canvass, differing on the leading proposition of secession, but uniting in opinion that consummated secession should result in confederation as an incident. So the decision was on secession. Early in the canvas public sentiment was entitled to prompt facility for its authoritative expression, and a call of the Legislature was earnestly claimed as the ordinary means. It is needless to recite any of the known particulars of executive opposition to the secession movement, but the substance of that opposition must always be in mind in order to understand the popular action of this State. As a remedy against executive dictation in our State government and against a ruinous administration of the Federal Government the people had but one mode of action that was prescribed by and for themselves in the declaration of rights in our State constitution, as follows:

SECTION. 1. All political power is inherent in the people, and all free government are founded on and instituted for their benefit, and they have at all times the inalienable right to alter, reform, or abolish their form of government in such manner as they may think expedient.

To attain the objects, and under the necessity before stated, the people rose in their sovereignty and constituted a convention to be the representation and instrumentality of their will. At the election of

