
the public necessities which caused the convention demanded its continuance for immediate and essential action. Even willing legislative and executive functionaries could not do what was necessary in many respects for want of authority, and another convention could not be constituted in time for emergencies which did not admit to delay. The convention, as the authorized agency of intelligent public will, proceeded to do whatever the occasion required, but no more. The ordinance of secession involved the public safety, which could not be secured by means of the ordinary government, and a committee of safety was constituted with adequate powers to provide means and to control the U. S. military force with its incidents within this State, and to substitute indispensable temporary protection. Further, to secure the public safety and to obtain other inestimable advantages from immediate connection with the States which had finally seceded and were then in convention at Montgomery, Ala., delegates to that convention were elected, to be advisory as to interests of this State until the consummation of its separation, and then to participate on terms of equality in administration of a provisional government and in preparation of a constitution for a permanent confederacy. Moreover, to promote security and other manifest benefits from the contemplated confederacy, commissioners were delegated to Arizona and New Mexico to procure their co-operation, and other commissioners were sent to the Choctaw, Chickasaw, Creek, and Cherokee Nations to aid in preparing them for alliance with such confederacy. Also other corresponding measures of minor importance were adopted.

Having made such arrangements for parts of the great popular enterprise, the convention adjourned on the 5th of February to meet again on the 2d of March, as a continued agency to execute the public will. On the day for ratification or rejection of the ordinance for separation the whole subject was before the voters-the state of the general crisis; what the convention itself had done; what its committee of safety was doing during the recess; what commissioners were to do, and what the incipient relation and prospect of permanent connection of this State with the confederacy. The convention acted and proposed to act as the authorized agent of the people, and they had an opportunity to affirm or disaffirm such agency by ratifying or rejecting its principal act. The result of the election on the secession ordinance shows more than three in favor of it to one against it, and an aggregate of over 60,000 votes-some additions to the regular announcements being made by subsequent official returns-and the returns of 120 counties being included, while only three small counties are not included of all that have been organized. The convention reassemble on the 2d of March, and soon found that the election had reindorsed it as the public agency for the political reformation which was in progress. During the recess the committee of safety by its agents, with the spontaneous and patriotic co-operation of citizen soldierly, had made arrangements for removing from Texas by the safe coast route the whole military force within Texas pertaining to the Union and for the surrender of all property and possessions (with small honorary exceptions) held in Texas by the Federal Government. The execution of such arrangements has progressed nearly to completion and so as to leave no doubt of full accomplishment at an early date without any violent collision, although the just apprehension of it caused indispensable preparation. The troops thus called into the field and some others have supplied the place of those sent away, as well as circumstances would allow, and will continue to do

