
so until superseded by regular forces. Details of the proceedings of the Committee Public Safety cannot be here admitted, but they are otherwise published, and they do honor to the committee and their agents, while sustaining the convention for constituting such power as a temporary necessity. The convention found that the Constitution for the Provisional Government of the Confederacy was well adapted to the emergency without departing from any essential principle of the Union Constitution, and the measures of the Provisional Government appeared to be well adapted to circumstances. The selection of persons for the Presidency and Vice-Presidency seemed to be entirely appropriate. The convention had no hesitation in expressing a formal approval of the Constitution and administration of the Provisional Government, which was not to continue longer than one year, and was to be superseded within that time by a permanent government. It would be out of place here to state what the Provisional Government has done, unless in connection with some action of the convention. But it is proper to say that the measures of that Government have superseded the action of this State on postal affairs and on revenue by customs. Under that temporary Government also the judicial jurisdiction is similar to that of the Federal Government, but with one judge to each State. As to military and naval affairs the Provisional Government has provided so that the convention did not deem its action necessary, except as before stated, and to raise one regiment of mounted volunteers to serve twelve months, unless sooner discharged. That Government is raising in Texas another similar regiment and will doubtless accept the former.

A law of the last session of the present Legislature provided another mode of defense by small companies of citizens as minutemen along the whole line of frontier from the Rio Grande to Red River. All these forces are considered more available for protection against Indians and other marauders than any previous forces in Texas since its annexation to the Union Government. But there is a deficiency in artillery, infantry, and engineering forces for which the Provisional Government is making provision. So there is a better prospect and assurance of protection than has heretofore been given with reference to the interior frontier, and the change of circumstances must superinduce better preparations for defense along the coast. Moreover, the Legislature is in session and has power to provide further against insurrection or invasion if occasion should require. Secession from the Union and connectioederacy caused a necessity for a change in the State constitution, so that the oath of office should have the "Confederate States of America" substituted for the "United States of America. " One ordinance made this change and another prescribed the times and modes for taking the oath by all present and future officers of the State, declaring a vacancy in case of any failure to take the oath as required. The manner of requirement followed the examples of other States where willing officials were not captious. The lieutenant-governor, commissioner of the general land office (who was opposed to secession), comptroller, State treasurer, attorney-general, all of the supreme and district judges who were in Austin, every member of the State Senate, every member of the House of Representatives except one, and many county officers who were in Austin, promptly took the oath prescribed by the amended constitution. Of those who thus took the oath a considerable proportion had opposed secession, but the Governor and secretary of state declined to take

