
the oath when notified according to the ordinance thereof. There-upon the convention, by another ordinance, declared as consequences that each office was vacant and that the executive powers devolved on the lieutenant-governor. The original State constitution provided that the lieutenant-governor should so act in case of any vacancy in the office of Governor. And so the lieutenant-governor is performing the executive duties without consent but without resistance by the late Governor, who still claims to be legally in office. In this and other instances he has 'sought out many inventions" to array the functionaries of the State government against the convention, which has been obliged to control such official opposition in pursuing the even tenor of the way to render effectual the known public desire for thorough work, to give early security, peace, and quietude. The will of the late Governor has been against that of the people as to their political destiny and the one or the other had to yield. The people could not.

At length the "Constitution of the Confederate States of America" for the permanent Government was received. The convention had previously declared in its ordinance directing the delegates from this State to participate in forming such a constitution that it should" not become obligatory on this State till approved by the people in such way as should be determined upon. " That the people might approve by the existing convention, or that it might provide for another popular election, remained for determination on the arrival of the Constitution. Had it contained any unexpected principle so as to make a new case in substance on which the public mind had not been ascertained, the importance of prompt ratification could have yielded to the paramount necessity for another election. But no such necessity appeared in any part of the Constitution, which did not depart from the general expectation unless it did so in the excellence of its conformity with the best hope of the people. Former elections, with attending circumstances, left no doubt of the public wish and the corresponding authority of the convention for immediate and final ratification of the Constitution. If the power existed the expediency of such a course was commanding for various reasons. The people could not desire to be troubled by another general election w and they left the importance of early relief from strife within this State as to its political position. Prompt certainty, of course, would justify the Confederate Government in adopting more expensive, effective, and permanent measures for the defense of this State, especially its desolated frontier, than could be expected before a finality. In connection with the defense of Texas, the appearance of uncertainty as to its political position would embarrass the pending arrangements for an alliance between the Confederacy as one party and the Choctaw, Chickasaw, Creek, and Cherokee Nations in concert as the other party. Such hesitation on the part of Texas would tend to produce similar hesitation in Arizona and New Mexico as to their connection with the Confederacy. Such procrastination would operate unfavorably on the neighboring Government and people of Mexico as to desirable negotiations and intercourse. Any appearance of doubt that Texas was to be sustained by connection with the Confederacy would stimulate marauding and incendiary efforts, while it would be fuel for faction. During such suspense the postal arrangements for Texas would be embarrassed and retarded, and so as to the judiciary and the revenue. Delay would prostrate trade and commerce. A final connection of this State with the Confederacy

