
without delay would give to it additional strength and promote early success in its negotiations as to peace with the old Government, as to the procurement of money, as to recognition by other nations, and as to commercial relations. Moreover, the prompt and permanent connection of Texas with the Confederacy could not fail to have a favorable influence on the Border States as inducement for them to abandon their equivocal positions and connect themselves with their more Southern sisters and natural associations. A like influence would materially affect immigration from those States, conducing to the advantage of the immigrarowth of this State. In view of such considerations the convention promptly and finally on the 23d of March ratified, accepted, and adopted the Constitution by a vote of 128 affirmatives to 2 negatives. A copy of this guaranty for our future liberty is annexed to this address as a part of it, so that the public may have a connected view of the progress and result of the recent wonderful political enterprise of the people of this State. The people will see that the Constitution of the Confederate States of America is copied almost entirely from the Constitution of the United States. The few changes made are admitted by all to be improvements. Let every man compare the new with the old and see for himself that we still cling to the old Constitution made by our fathers.

But the connection of Texas with the Confederacy involved a necessity for modifications of our State constitution so that it should be in conformity with our new relation, and another consequent necessity requires that the Legislature should have some extension of power to raise funds within bounds and on terms that would be safe and beneficial for the State. Such modifications were made. The convention realized that other changes of the State constitution were desirable, but its amendments were confined to particulars which were considered to be necessary parts of the great political change. Many other interesting incidents might be stated, but they would cause this address to be tedious, and the foregoing outline may enable the people to take a connected and orderly view of the substance of proceedings by which there has been accomplished a political reformation which has no parallel, considering the opposing circumstances and the triumphant successes. The people of Texas have asserted their sovereignty. They have dissolved their connection with a Government whose administrative power had been augmented and directed so that it would procure their ruin. They have connected themselves with another Gfoundations give the most hopeful assurance of permanent constitutional liberty. By two general elections and two meetings of the convention in a State of vast area within seventy-eight days the whole change of government has been completed. The popular demonstrations have overcome thousands of the Regular Army of the old Government and an opposing minority of citizens without bloodshed. Every citizen, if he will, may look with patriotic pride on the consummated reformation whose progress caused no vital interruption in public or private business and whose result is an assurance of the best security and enjoyment which human government can afford. When permanently successful such a remodeling of government, embracing our complicated system of reserved State rights and delegated confederate authority, may give a better guaranty than all history that our people at least are capable of instituting and maintaining free government. The convention having finished its work in harmony with the

