
At a convention of the people of the State of South Carolina, reassemble by appointment of the president thereof, at Charleston, on the 26th day of March, in the year of our Lord 1861, and thence continued by divers adjournments to the 3d day of April, in the same year:

AN ORDINANCE to ratify the Constitution of the Confederate States of America.

We, the people of South Carolina, in convention assembled, do declare and ordain, and it is hereby declared and ordained, That the State of South Carolina does hereby assent and ratify the articles of compact called the "Constitution of the Confederate States of America," adopted at Montgomery, in the State of Alabama, on the 11th day of March, in the present year (1861), by the convention of delegates from the States of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina, and Texas, and does hereby agree, with such other of the said States as shall ratify the same, to enter with them into a federal association of States upon the terms therein proposed.

Done at Charleston the 3d day of April, in the year of our Lord 1861.

D. F. JAMISON,

President of the Convention.

Attest.

B. F. ARTHUR,

Clerk of the Convention.

MACON, GA., April 4, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: After much difficulty I have succeeded in getting the consent of the troops to go to Pensacola to be mustered into the service. One strong point made against it has been that you may possibly reject some of the troops when they get there who might be considered physically unable to do duty or from other causes, and they would then be discharged at a distance from home and at a heavy cost to them before they could get back. If mustered in here and any one should be rejected he would be near his home, and the cost and disappointment not so great. Again, they would not consent to go if they knew there would be any difficulty about their regimental surgeons, &amp;c. I have appointed able and experienced surgeons with the regiment who have their full confidence; also with the battalion. The regiment consists of ten companies, organized as a regiment according to the laws of this State. The battalion consists of four companies, commanded by a major. The battalion is also organized in accordance with the laws of the State. I tender these troops for the shortest time for which they can be received into the service of the Confederate States, which I believe is twelve months, unless sooner discharged, under the provisions of the act of Congress upon that subject. An account of the expense of equipping and preparing the regiment and battalion for service will be made out and forwarded to you. I understand by your requisition that the troops are intended for service at Pensacola and not for service on the frontier. I have so assured them.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

