
At a convention of the people of the State of South Carolina, reassemble by appointment by the president thereof at Charleston, on the 26th day of March, in the year of our Lord 1861, and thence continued by divers adjournments to the 5th day of April, in the same year:

Resolved, That so soon as the Government oe States of America, created by the Constitution, which has been now ratified, shall be securely established and in peaceful operation, the State of South Carolina ought to demand that, two other States concurring, the Congress shall summon a convention of all the States to take into consideration the following amendments to the said Constitution, to with:

1. To amend the second section of the first article by striking out from the third clause thereof the following words, to wit, "which shall be determined by adding to the whole number of free persons, including those bound to service for a term of years," and the words, "three-fifths of all slaves," and inserting after the words "respective numbers," the words "including slaves. "

2. To strike out the second clause of the sixth section of the first article, and insert "the Congress shall not contract any debt, except for war purposes; and all expenditures in excess of revenues from imports (which shall not exceed 15 per cent. ad valorem) and other sources shall be met by direct taxation, to be provided for by the Congress authorizing the expenditure. "

3. In lieu of the first and second clauses of the ninth section of the first article to insert the following: "Congress shall have power to prohibit the importation or introduction of slaves from any region not a State or Territory of this Confederacy. "

4. To amend the third section of the fourth article by adding to the first clause thereof the words, "nor shall any State in which African slavery does not by law exist be admitted without the consent of all the States, expressed through their respective Legislatures. "

Done at Charleston the 5th day of April, in the year of our Lord 1861.

D. F. JAMISON,

President of the Convention.

Attest.

B. F. ARTHUR,

Clerk of the Convention.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, TREASURY DEPT.,

Montgomery, April 6, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: It is in contemplation, under the authority vested by law in the Secretary of the Treasury, to issue Treasury notes at an early day, and I have to request you to instruct all disbursing officers of your Department whenever they pay out Treasury notes to note specifically on the back of each note paid out by them the date of said payment, as from that date interest upon the same will commence to run against the Government, and not from the date on the face of said notes. While the Treasury notes remain in the hands of the disbursing officer the Government will not be liable to interest, but as soon as they pay them out the liability for interest will commence. These instructions should be given as soon asat the rights of the parties receiving and the Government issuing may be understood and protected.

Very respectfully,

C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of the Treasury.

