
will fill your requisitions as far as possible before making purchases elsewhere. A large portion of these stores in understood to be at Fort Pike.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENESEE, April 7, 1861.

JEFFERSON DAVIS:

SIR: Knowing the fidelity of the Southern people, and trusting to their honor as the friend of the white man instead of Black Republicans, we wish to come and participate in the coming campaign, if you can assign us a place. Although we have not been with you, our hearts have. We have lodges formed all through the States of Pennsylvania and New York. They are some like the Freemasons. We have been trying to get money to take our little band to the cotton States. We have 10,000 men enlisted for the Confederate States, and they are all ready to start, except for the want of money. We have turned all our property into money enough to come with. After close figuring we lack just $11,347, and if you will send us that amount we soon will be with you, and to be stationed at your pleasure. We ask no pay for our services except a home in the new Confederacy. As we live in the free States we know much that is going on and what is the intention of the Black Republications, and that is a descent on New Orleans by way of the Mississippi River and the Gulf, and we wish to get there to give them fight, and by our coming there will be more of the North to help you, as France did when Lafayette came to America. I have read this to the committee, and they say it will do. Please express the money to Olean, Cattaraugus County, N. Y., and also write me a letter when you express the money, and direct to Brindleville, Potter County, Pa. Now follow my directions and it will be all right, and give me your orders and the men shall come just where you say. Send us some gold, as Southern money, or rather bank notes, will not pass here.

CHARLES W. C. MACOMAC,

Chairman of d Board of Managers.

Put nothing but my name of the letter, and a check for the money. My address, Brindleville, Potter County, Pa.

[Indorsement.]

Secretary of War's attention. Curious.

J. D.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 8, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

Do you want arms? Ten thousand Colt pistols, army and navy size, and 2,000 Sharps rifles are offered to be delivered at Richmond. Answer immediately.

JOHN FORSYTH.

