
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, April 8, 1861.

His Excellency FRANCIS W. PICKENS,

Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: The discontinuance by the United States of negotiations with the commissioners representing this Government, of which doubtless you have before this been made aware, leaves no doubt as to the policy we should pursue. A large force will probably, and if at all, almost immediately, be needed to resist the coercive measures of the Washington Administration. To meet this condition of affairs this Department, acting with reference to the power vested in the Executive by the act of the Congress entitled "An act to provide for the public defense," suggests to Your Excellency the necessity of calling at once for 3,000 volunteers, to be drilled, equipped, and held in instant readiness to meet any requisition from this Department. These troops will, of course, not be receiving pay until they shall be mustered into service, but the emergency is so pressing that Your Excellency will fully appreciate the great importance of thorough preparation, especially in regard to instant capacity to move. A similar request has been addressed to the Executive of each of the Confederate States. Asking an early reply to the suggestion above made,

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER.

(The same, mutatis mutandis, to the Governors of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Texas, and Mississippi. That to Governor of Florida calls for only 1,500 men.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 17. Montgomery, April 8, 1861.

I. Major Josiah Gorgas, of the Corps of Artillery and Ordnance, is assigned to duty as chief of the Bureau of Ordnance.

II. Captain John Withers, assistant adjutant-general, is assigned to duty in the Adjutant-General's Office from the 3d instant.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By order of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, Ala., April 8, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: You will please inform me at your earliest convenience whether or not the Government of the Confederate States desires to take the corn purchased by the State of Alabama.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. MOORE.

[APRIL 8, 1861. -For resolution of the convention of South Carolina, authorizing the Governor to raise such number of volunteer regiments as General Beauregard may require, see Series I, VOL. I, p. 298.]

