
SAINT CHARLES HOTEL,

New Orleans, April 8, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that on examination I find a large supply of medicines, instruments, &amp;c., captured from the purveying department, U. S. Army, in the city, which will supersede the necessity of buying but a small proportion of the articles required. I have telegraphed the Governor of the State to have them turned over to me. If you authorize me I will receive them and issue them to Pensacola and buy only a small quantity of articles deficient. I telegraphed you this morning for permission. Colonel Gladden, commanding the Louisiana Volunteers, will send his command, one detachment, in a day or two to Pensacola, and the second soon after. Two more assistant surgeons had been sent to General Bragg from here before my arrival. Forts Pike and Macomb, of the Confederate Army, will require (the two) one surgeon (assistant); Forts Jackson and Saint Philip (the two) one assistant surgeon. Fort Livingston, eighty miles from New Orleans, will have a detachment of twenty-four men and officers, if you wish, and an assistant surgeon for that post also. It will be necessary to employ three assistants for these points. I informed Colonel Gladden that no authority has been delegated to me to employ surgeons. If you wish me to attend to this matter please write me, and also the pay they are to receive. Two capable surgeons will go with the Louisiana troops to apply for temporary duty, recommended by the Governor and surgeon-general of Louisiana for employ. I would respectfully suggest that many valuable old soldiers, artillerists and others, are rejected by too rigid an examination, and that more would be recruited if a less rigid system than the U. S. Army was required for the present. Please instruct me where I shall report after attending to supplying Pensacola with medical stores, &c.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. CAMDEN DE LEON,

Surgeon, C. S. Army.

WASHINGTON, April 9, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

Have ordered 2,000 Colt new army pistols; at $25; Sharps carbine, new (army) improvement, held at $30; Sharps rifle, with sword-bayonet, $42. 50; Colt carbine, $30. Two hundred to three hundred tons Hazard's (Government) powder offered at 20 cents. Answer immediately.

JOHN FORSYTH.

MONTGOMERY, April 9, 1861.

Hon. JOHN FORSYTH,

Washington:

The rifles are too high. Would take 2,000 Sharps rifles, with sword-bayonets, at $30. Do not want the other guns. If the powder has been tested and is cannon-powder will take it. You had better ascertain and know certainly all about it. Answer fully.

L. P. WALKER.

