
NEW ORLEANS, April 9, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Montgomery Ala.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Governor of Louisiana has turned over to me the public property of the medical department captured from the United States. I will send off to-morrow supplies sufficient for Pensacola. There is a surplus of some articles and a deficiency of others. For the purchase of hospital stores, medicines, and instruments not on hand $2,000 in money will be necessary. Please send it to me at your earliest convenience. It will be necessary to have a medical officer of experience stationed here as medical purveyor in charge of stores of the department and to make purchases. In an economical point of view it is essential, as well as the urgent necessity of supplying the different points with celerity. I will give a certified invoice to the State officer of the supplies turned over, and a Government officer must be responsible for them. I have given out proposals for further supplies when needed, and will find the lowest bidder who will furnish good supplies. I have informed you of the number of medical officers now sent to Pensacola to General Bragg. The two officers now on duty with the Louisiana regiment, I would suggest, should be employed in Government service, through courtesy to the Governor and colonel of the regiment, who desire it.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. CAMDEN DE LEON,

Surgeon, C. S. Army.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, April 9, 1861.

Captain WILLIAM MAYNADIER,

Frankford Arsenal, Bridesburg Post-Office, near Philadelphia:

SIR: I hereby offer you the appointment of Commissary-General in the Army of the Confederate States of America, and I have to request that you will signify your acceptance or non-acceptance at the earliest moment by telegraph, stating, also, if you accept, the time at which you can arrive in this city.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER.

MILLEDGEVILLE, April 10, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

The Washington Artillery Company, of Augusta, Captain Girardey, held meeting last night and announced ready. They are subject to your order in future. Much confusion will be avoided if you will make your requisitions for troops on me in the first instance before you make a call on the militia companies of this State, as I might be better acquainted than you can be with the best selection of companies for the service.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

