
GENERAL ORDERS, EXECUTIVE DEPT., ADJT. GEN. 'S OFFICE, No. 5. Milledgeville, Ga., April 10, 1861.

The Government of the Confederate States having made a contingent requisition upon this State for 3,000 volunteers, "to be well drilled, equipped, and held in instant readiness to meet any requisition from the War Department," the Governor and commander-in-chief invites offers of service from the volunteer companies of the State, to serve not less than twelve months, unless sooner discharged, and to go wherever required. No company will be received that has less than fifty or more than eighty, rank and file; that is not provided with a plain service uniform and a change of underclothing; that is not well drilled, and that does not pledge itself to march at a moment's notice when and where ordered. Knapsacks, haversacks, canteens, and camp equiPAGEwill be supplied to the companies when actually called out. Tenders of service under this invitation will be addressed to this office and will be accompanied by accurate muster-rolls of the officers, non-commissioned officers, musicians, and privates composing the company and by correct lists of the arms (kind and condition), accouterments, equipments, tents, and other military property in the possession of the company deemed of use. Each individual enrolled will be regarded as having pledged himself to the requirements of this order. Cavalry and artillery companies are not included in the call.

By order of the commander-in-chief:

HENRY C. WAYNE,

Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, MISS., April 10, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

The papers publish that a call for 3,000 troops from Mississippi has been made. Is it true?

JOHN J. PETTUS.

MONTGOMERY, April 10, 1861.

Governor JOHN J. PETTUS,

Jackson, Miss.:

The call is conditional, to be held in readiness for emergency. Have written to you fully.

L. P. WALKER.

MONTGOMERY, April 11, 1861.

Hon. JOHN FORSYTH,

Washington:

Is the powder ready for delivery? If not, we have an order covering the point. The object in replying as I did to you was to get immediate supply. If to be manufactured, nothing is gained. The order to you was for ninety tons cannon and ten tons musket powder. Reply specially, and state time of delivery.

L. P. WALKER.

EUTAW, April 11, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

DEAR SIR: I see it stated in the papers, whether reliable or not I am unable to say, that our commissioners have been refused at Washington;

