
[APRIL 11, 1861. -For Pickens to Walker, in relation to call for 3,000 volunteers from South Carolina, see Series I, VOL. I, p. 304.]

Proclamation by the President of the Confederate States of America.

Whereas, an extraordinary occasion has occurred, rendering it necessary and proper that the Congress of the Confederate States shall convene to receive and act upon such communications as may be made to it on the part of the Executive:

Now, therefore, I, Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederate States, do issue this my proclamation, convoking the Congress of the Confederate States for the transaction of business at the capitol, in the city of Montgomery, on the 29th day of April, at 12 o'clock noon, of that day, of which all who shall at that time be entitled to act as members of that body are hereby required to take notice.

Given under my hand and the seal of the Confederate States, at Montgomery, this 12th day of April, A. D. 1861.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[L. S.]

By the President:

R. TOOMBS,

Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, April 13, 1861.

Hon. S. F. HALE,

Eutaw, Ala.:

SIR: The Secretary of War instructs me to say, in reply to your letter of the 11th instant, that the events of the last two days he does not doubt will have solved the most material question it contained. The war has commenced, and for more than thirty hours the bombardment of Fort Sumter has been steady and well managed, and so far with results that seem to favor the idea of its early reduction. The call on the several State Executives to which you refer was, as you will have seen, conditional. It may be made absolute soon, but that will depend on events. This Department receives the troops furnished by the several States only through their respective Governors. It will therefore be proper for the regiment or battalion for which you write to make its application to His Excellency the Governor of Alabama.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. HOOPER,

Private SecretaryApril 13, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: I desire to communicate a fact, which you can use as you may think best. Captain Arnold Elzey is at present in command at Old Point Comfort. He is a Marylander, and despairing of his State seceding and connecting herself with the Confederate States, is unwilling to remain longer in his present position. Captain Elzey has sympathized

