
in the possession of the Government of the United States in the harbor of Charleston, and that no re-enforcements were to be sent to those fortresses by the Federal Government nor the position of the troops in those fortresses changed until the question of their occupation or surrender had been attempted to be settled by negotiation between the State and Federal authorities. While the Executive of the United States pretends to disavow the act of Major Anderson in this change of position of the troops, he sanctions the act by permitting this officer to remain in his new position. Casuists will find it difficult to distinguish between the previous order and subsequent sanction in a question of good faith.

On the morning of the 21st [27th] of December, as soon as the removal of the Federal troops from the one fort to the other was known in the city, the Governor sent a dispatch to Major Anderson, asking an explanation of his conduct, which being unsatisfactory, the troops of the State were ordered at once to occupy Fort Moultrie and Castle Pinckney, which was done on the same day, and these fortresses are still in the possession of the State, and will be defended to the last extremity. From the observations made by men in South Carolina, I am satisfied that the people of that State

are prepared to undergo the utmost horrors that war can bring upon a people, to have their lands ravaged and their homes made desolate, before they will submit to subjugation by the Federal Government or the forces of the abolition States. I left Charleston on t he 29th of December on my return home. I was induced to this step from the fact that all the deliberations of the convention on questions of importance were had in secret, and my presence in South Carolina could be of no further service, as I would obtain no further information than that afforded by the public prints. I cannot close this communication without mentioning the cordial and complimentary manner in which I was received by the authorities of South Carolina. The privilege of a seat on the floor of the Senate and House of Representatives and of th given to me, and the hospitalities of the State tendered by resolution of both houses of the Legislature. In reply to this last courtesy, while acknowledging it in proper terms in the name of the State of Alabama, I felt constrained to decline it, but availed myself of the privileges of the seats tendered by the several bodies, except when the convention was in secret session. I reached this place on the 30th ultimo at night, and have availed myself of the occasion to make known to Your Excellency how I have discharged the duties of my appointment.

With the highest considerations of respect, I am, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

J. A. ELMORE.

WASHINGTON, January 5, 1861.

Governor PETTUS,

Jackson, Miss.:

The Governor, officers of State, and six-sevenths of the people of Delaware are cordially with Mississippi in the Southern cause.

The present Legislature opposed to immediate secession. The people will demand a convention and Delaware will co-operate with Mississippi.

HENRY DICKINSON.

ALEX. R. WOOTTEN.

Mr. Wootten is attorney-general of the State of Delaware.

DICKINSON.

