
with the Southern movement from the first. He was in command of the Augusta Arsenal, where he acted very handsomely. You may rely on this information, for I know it to be correct. As to your informant, I refer you to Governor Cobb.

Very respectfully,

WM. PHILLIPS.

BARRANCAS, April 13, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

SIR: Excuse me for addressing you personally upon the subject that I am about to introduce; but having exhausted all the regular modes, I now apply to you. I do so with more confidence, knowing that it is your wish that the men from your section of the State should, when called upon, give a good account of themselves. To the subject: Three of the companies under my command are entirely destitute of accouterments and almost of clothing. My officers have made their in reply that they had nothing on hand. Men cannot fight unless they respectable appearance unless they are properly clothed. If there is any source unknown to us where these very needful articles can be had, please inform me and you will receive the thanks of my entire command.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

J. G. COLTART,

Lieut. Colonel Third Battalion, Alabama Twelve-Months' Vols.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Montgomery, April 15, 1861.

Captain CALEB HUSE,

Corps of Artillery, Confederate States, on ordnance duty:

SIR: You are hereby directed to proceed to Europe, without unnecessary delay, as the agent of this Government, for the purchase of ordnance, arms, equipments, and military stores for its use. Detailed instructions as to the nature and extent of those purchases and as to their shipment, with a view to speedy and safe transit, will be given to you by the chief of the Bureau of Ordnance. You will, in addition to these duties, execute such instructions as may be given to you by heads of other departments of this Government in reference to their several departments. You will keep this Department constantly advised of your address, and after executing the instructions now given to you and such as may hereafter be sent to you, you will return and report yourself in person to the War Department.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[APRIL 15, 1861. -For Magoffin to Cameron and Ellis to Cameron, refusing to comply with the requisition of President Lincoln for militia from the States of Kentucky and North Carolina, respectively, see Series III, VOL. I, pp. 70,72.]

