
RICHMOND, VA., April 15, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: In compliance with the instructions contained in your letter of the 6th instant, I have made every effort to purchase for the Confederate States the ordnance at the Belona Foundry enumerated in your communication to me. At one period there was every prospect of my entire success, but recent events have decided the authorities here to secure the guns for the defense of Virginia, and they will at once be put in position with that object. Both the Governor and lieutenant-governor assure me that they have been thus appropriated. Under these circumstances my further stay in Virginia becomes unnecessary, and I shall return to Savannah without loss of time. No communication from the Department has reached me since my arrival, though I have twice telegraphed that I could obtain a complete field battery, with horse harness, spare carriage, &amp;c. An officer of the Confederate service is here to inspect the ordnance that may be turned out at the Tredegar Works.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWD. C. ANDERSON.

FRANKFORD ARSENAL, PA., April 15, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: On receipt of your letter of the 9th instant I informed you (by telegraph, as you requested) that I could not accept the offer therein made.

Acknowledging the compliment paid me by the offer of a position of such rank and dignity, but which the dictates of conscience, of honor, and of duty now forbid me to accept,

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. MAYNADIER.

[APRIL 15, 1861. -For Pickens to Davis, reporting action taken to meet requisition for troops from South Carolina, see Series I, VOL. LIII, p. 144.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, April 16, 1861.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF ALABAMA:

SIR: In addition to the 3,000 troops for which I had the honor, under date of the 8th instant, to make a conditional call on the State of Alabama, I now beg leave to request Your Excellency to hold in readiness for instant movement 5,000 volunteer troops, armed and equipped, or as nearly so as practicable, and subject in all respects to requisition from this Department as the troops called for in my letter of the 8th instant. This call is precisely similar, except as to number, and in addition to that for the 3,000. The importance of holding the entire force now and previously called for in absolute readiness Your Excellency will fully appreciate, in view of the hostile purpose of the Washington Government, as indicated in the recent proclamation of the

