
President of the United States, which has just reached this Department, and which, in the opinion of this Government, makes this additional call necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER.

(The same, mutatis mutandis, to the Governors of Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina, and Texas, Florida being called upon for 2,000 men.)

[APRIL 16, 1861. -For Walker to Hindman, in relation to acceptance of troops from States not yet members of the Confederacy, and especially as to Arkansas, see Series I, VOL. I, p. 684.]

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, April 16, 1861.

Lieut. Colonel J. G. COLTART,

Pensacola:

SIR: Your letter of the 13th instant has been received by the Secretary of War, who instructs me to reply to it. It is a source of very great regret to the Secretary that any of the troops in the service should be without supplies necessary either to their efficiency or comfort, and in the case of which you speak his personal interest is added to his sense of justice as the head of this Department. He begs you to remember, however, how difficult it is in the very nature of things for a new government to place a large body of troops hurriedly in the field without practically ascertaining points of deficiency and some cause for complaint. But the Secretary requests me to say that the necessary accouterments shall be forwarded to the companies you indicate at the very earliest possible moment. In regard to clothing, the Secretary begs to call your attention to the fourth section of "An act to provide for the public defense," which contains the provision, "and instead of clothing, every non-commissioned officer and private in any company shall be entitled, when called into actual service, in money to a sum equal to the cost of clothing of a non-commissioned officer or private in the Regular Army of the Confederate States of America. " Under this provision your companies can supply themselves with clothing, and to meet the expense are entitled to and can draw the commutation for clothing, which the Secretary trusts will remove all inconvenience on that point.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. HOOPER,

Private Secretary.

[APRIL 16, 1861. -For Letcher to Cameron, refusing to comply with the requisition of President Lincoln for militia from Virginia, see Series III, VOL. I, p. 76.]

[APRIL 16-18, 1861. -For correspondence between Moore (of Louisiana), Davis, and Walker, in relation to a regiment of Kentuckians for the Confederate service, see Series I, VOL. LII, Part II, pp. 50,53,54.]

