
[APRIL 17, 1861. -For ordinance of the Virginia convention, authorizing the Governor to call volunteers into service, see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, p. 22.]

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 5. Montgomery, April 18, 1861.

In honor of the official announcement of the secession of the State of Virginia, and her adherence to this Confederacy, a salute of eight guns will be immediately fired in front of the Government building.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

MEMPHIS AND OHIO RAILROAD, PRESIDENT'S OFFICE,

Memphis, Tenn., April 18, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Confederate States of America, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: I am authorized by our Board of Directors to say to you that all troops and munitions of war for the use of your Government will be transported free of charge over this road. The following resolution was adopted unanimously at a meeting of our directors held in this city on the 16th instant:

Resolved, That the officers of this road be instructed to transport free of charge all troops and munitions of war for the use of the Confederate States of America over this road, and that the president convey officially forthwith to the Government at Montgomery the action of this Board.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. WOOD,

President.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., April 18, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: In the matter of the Georgia forces and the reception of the tender made of them by the Governor of that State, I submit these views according to promise: By the third section of the act of Congress of the 28th of February the President of the Confederate States is "authorized to receive into the service of this Government such forces now in the service of said States as may be tendered," &amp;c. Georgia had in January, 1861, ordered the raising of two regiments for the service of the State. These regiments were organized in battalions and companies, with all proper officers for efficient service, before the 28th of February, but the rank and file of the companies was not complete at that time; many of the companies without any men at all. Some of these have been filled up since, and the Governor is going on and filling up the rest by enlistments as fast as possible with the view of turning them over to the President. The question now presented, as I understand, is, can the President receive any forces or men from the respective States mentioned in the third section of the act of

