
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 6. Montgomery, April 22, 1861.

DETAIL FOR RECRUITING SERVICE.

The following officers are detailed for the recruiting service and will enter upon that duty without delay, at the places respectively designated:

Captain Theodore O'Hara, at Vicksburg, Miss.

Captain Robert G. Cole, at Augusta, with branch rendezvous at Macon and Milledgeville, Ga.

Captain Stephen D. Lee, at Charleston, S. C.

First Lieut. Charles W. Phifer, at New Orleans, La.

First Lieut. Edward Ingraham, at Mobile, La.

The recruits when enlisted will be sent to depots as follows:

From Augusta, Macon, and Milledgeville, to Augusta Arsenal.

From Mobile, to Fort Morgan.

From New Orleans, to Baton Rouge Barracks.

From Vicksburg, to Baton Rouge Barracks.

The recruits enlisted at Charleston will be quartered at the Arsenal Barracks.

The officers stationed at Charleston, Augusta, and Mobile will make requisition for clothing upon this office, and in like manner all recruiting officers will send in their estimates for funds.

The first issue of clothing to recruits will be one blue shirt (to be made into a blouse), three undershirts, two pairs of overalls, two pairs of drawers, two pairs of stockings, one pair of bootees, one blanket, one leather stock.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[APRIL 22, 1861. -For Rector to Cameron, refusing to comply with the requisition of President Lincoln for militia from Arkansas, see Series III, VOL. I, p. 99.]

AN ACT of ratification.

Whereas, by act of the General Assembly of the State of Florida a convention of the people was ordained to be assembled in the city of Tallahassee on the 3d day of January, A. D. 1861, "for the purpose of taking into consideration the dangers incident to the position of this State in the Federal Union, and the measures which may be necessary and proper for providing against the same, and to amend the constitution of the State of Florida so far as the same, in the judgment of said convention, may be necessary," and therefore "to take care that the Commonwealth of Florida shall suffer no detriment; "

And whereas, we, the delegates of the people of the State of Florida, did, in pursuance of said act, assemble in convention on the day and in the place therein specified, and being thus charged with the duties aforesaid, after mature deliberation and in considerate performance thereof, did, on the 10th day of January, in the year of our Lord 1861,

