
MONTGOMERY, ALA., January 7, 1861.

His Excellency A. B. MOORE,

Governor of Alabama:

SIR: In pursuance of the requirements of the commission to me directed by the Governor of the State of Alabama on the 18th of December, 1860, I did forthwith repair to Jefferson City, in the State of Missouri, for the purpose of performing the duties required of me as commissioner from the State of Alabama to the State of Missouri; and my communication was immediately had with the then acting Governor of that State. I submitted to him my communication, a copy of which as herewith laid before Your Excellency, together with the reply of Governor Stewart. The Missouri Legislature was not in session and would not convene until the last day of December, 1860. Many of the members, however, of both houses, had assembled at the seat of government, and it being obvious that I could not await the organization of that body with any hope of such prompt action on its part as to enable me to be present and return here in time for the Alabama convention, an informal meeting of the members of the Senate and House of Representatives was had in the Senate chamber, after due publication, and an opportunity was afforded me of being heard by the members and the people in the hall of the House of Representatives on the 29th of December past, and after which action was had by the members, who convened in the State chamber and adopted a preamble and resolutions, which were handed to me and which I herewith submit to Your Excellency. I will add that so far as I could learn (and there was a free expression of opinion from the members and the people of the State of Missouri) that States was in favor of co-operation with the slave States, and in the event of a dissolution Missouri will confederate with the South and not with the North. Missouri feels and realizes her critical situation. Being a border State, bounded north, east, and west by free-soil territory, and bounded by a slave State on the south sparsely populated, she will move with slow and cautious steps. The present Governor of Missouri, Hon. C. F. Jackson, is decidedly in favor of calling a State convention to act in the present political crisis of the country, and his views are fully foreshadowed by his letter of the ---- of December past, as well as in his message. His letter to General Shields is also here referred to.

Respectfully,

W. COOPER.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., December 26, 1860.

His Excellency R. M. STEWART,

Governor, &amp;c.:

SIR: At a late session of the Legislature of the State of Alabama, and on the 24th day of February, 1860, the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of Alabama, in General Assembly convened, adopted the following preamble and resolution, viz:

Whereas, anti-slavery agitation, persistently continued in the non-slave-holding States of this Union for more than a third of a century, marked at every stage of its progress by contempt for the obligations of law and the sanctity of compacts, evincing a deadly hostility to the rights and institutions of the Southern people and a settled purpose to effect their overthrow, even by the subversion of the Constitution and at the hazard of bloodshed; and

Whereas, a sectional party calling itself Republican, committed alike by its own acts and antecedents and the public avowals and secret machinations of its

