
in convention aforesaid, "ordain, publish, and declare" that the State of Florida "hereby withdraws herself from the confederacy of States existing under the name of the United States of America, and from the existing Government of said States; and that all political connection between her and the Government of said States ought to be, and the same is hereby, totally annulled, and said union of States dissolved, and the State of Florida declared a sovereign and independent nation; and that all ordinances heretofore adopted in so far as they create or recognize said union are rescinded, and all laws or parts of laws in force in this State in so far as they recognize or assent to said union be, and they are hereby, repealed; "

And whereas, the people of the State of South Carolina, in convention assembled, had dissolved their connection with the Government of the United States of America, and invited such other of the slave-holding States as might in like manner declare their independence, to meet her in convention at Montgomery, in the State of Alabama, for the purpose of forming a new government/

And whereas, this convention did appoint three delegates to meet in a convention of States, at Montgomery aforesaid, on the 13th day of February last, or at such other time and place as might be agreed upon, the delegates of such other slave-holding States as then had or should have, before the final adjournment of said convention, dissolved their connection with the late Federal Union, for the purpose, among other things, of forming a permanent government for a confederacy of such States;

And whereas, a convention of delegates from the following States, viz, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas met at Montgomery aforesaid, and on the 11th day of March, A. D. 1861, agreed upon and reported to the convention of the several States therein represented a Constitution for the Confederate States of America:

Now, be it known that we, the delegates of the people of the State of Florida, in convention assembled, in the name and in behalf of the people of the State, having maturely deliberated and fully considered the aforesaid proposed Constitution, do, by these presents, assent to and ratify the Constitution adopted by the Congress of States aforesaid on the 11th day of March, A. D. 1861, at Montgomery, in the State of Alabama, for the government of the Confederate States of America; declaring, nevertheless, that as the powers conferred through said powers may be resumed, in the same manner in which they are delegated, whenever they shall be perverted to the injury of the people; each State by her delegates in convention having the right to judge of the occasion that may require such action; and hereby announcing to all those whom it may concern that the said Constitution is binding on the people of the State of Florida.

Adopted unanimously in open convention at the capitol, in the city of Tallahassee, Monday the 22d day of April, A. D. 1861.

JOHN C. McGEHEE,

President of Convention.

Attest.

WILLIAM S. HARRIS,

Secretary of Convention.

