
CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, April 22, 1861.

His Excellency A. B. MOORE,

Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: I have the honor hereby to call upon Your Excellency for two regiments of infantry for the service of the Confederate States, to rendezvous at Lynchburg, Va., at the earliest possible moment, and to be mustered in at such point as Your Excellency may designate within or without the State of Alabama. Transportation and subsistence expenses of these troops will be paid by this Government from the point of departure. In all respects these two regiments will conform to the regulations under which troops have been heretofore raised by the State of Alabama for this Government, and which are so well known to Your Excellency as to need to repetition here. I shall confidYour Excellency will be able to fill this requisition in a very short time, as much depends upon the celerity with which this force is moved forward.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., April 22, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War Confederate States of America:

SIR: The military operations which you have indicated as impending render it at once necessary to secure a very large supply of subsistence stores. The failure of the corps in Tennessee and Southwest Virginia renders it imperative to collect all that is available without delay. The obstacles threatening in the Northwest are equally significant. I therefore respectfully urge on your attention that a credit not less than $500,000 be issued in favor of Colonel Fleming Hodges to enable him to carry out the above-mentioned purpose.

I have the honor to be sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Lieut. Colonel and Acting Commissary-General, C. S. Army.

MONTGOMERY, April 22, 1861.

Governor JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Milledgeville:

I make requisition on you for two regiments of infantry, to rendezvous without delay at Richmond, Va. Conform the organization as far as possible to the law providing for the public defense. They will be mustered into service at such place as you may designate, and transportation and subsistence provided accordingly. Answer.

L. P. WALKER.

MONTGOMERY, April 22, 1861.

Governor B. MAGOFFIN,

Frankfort, Ky.:

SIR: Your patriotic response to the requisition of the President of the United States for troops to coerce the Confederate States justifies the belief that your people are prepared to unite with us in repelling

