
Hon. Mr. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The men I have sent and am sending to Virginia are sent upon the above conditions. I felt it a duty to make a difference between the service in Virginia and Maryland and the services that might be rendered in the Confederate States. Virginia has not yet joined the Confederate Government, and is therefore in a different relation to us from the States which are under the Confederate Government. You will perceive that I expressly make as a condition that they shall be commanded by a general of the Confederate forces, appointed by the President. I take it for granted this will be entirely satisfactory to the President. Please let me know. The difficulty I have had arose from the sudden and unexpected events in Virginia and Maryland, and they did not volunteer or leave home with any expectation of being called on to go to Virginia. Hardly any full regiment with all its companies was prepared to go off so suddenly, and I have taken parts of regiments, and the conditions annexed are that the regiment shall not be broken up, but the remnant called on, if necessary, to re-enforce the part sent. About four companies start every day or two.

Very respectfully, yours,

F. W. PICKENS.

COLUMBIA, S. C., April 23, 1861.

General D. F. JAMISON:

DEAR GENERAL: It is announced in the papers that you had gone to Montgomery to make arrangements for the transfer of the volunteers in this State into the service of the Confederate States. I was glad to see this announcement, and if consistent with your views of your duty I would be pleased if you would insist upon preserving our brigade organizations. If my brigade should consent to go into the service of the Confederate states, or if two of my regiments should consent to go, I would rejoice to be able to go with them. I have here under my command two regiments, one of my own and one of McGowan's, numbering about 2,000 troops. The call has not been made yet for volunteers, but will be made in a few days. I have been engaged during the last fortnight in organizing and drilling these troops, and it would be hard for those who are devoting themselves to this service to be superseded and their commands taken from them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. GARLINGTON.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, April 24, 1861.

H. J. RANNEY,

President of the New Orleans, Jackson and

Great Northern Railroad Company, at New Orleans:

SIR: The President has referred to this Department your letter of 20th of April, inclosing the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the New Orleans, Jackson and Great Northern Railroad Company, tendering the company's services for the transportation of troops and munitions of war for the Confederate States free of expense. Rest assured that this highly generous and patriotic action of your directory comes to this Government at an opportune moment and is most

