
acceptable in form and substance. Nothing could be more gratifying to the Administration than such profound evidences of devotion to the common cause. Men imbued with so elevated regard for public necessities, and a spirit so self-sacrificing, are indeed worthy of liberty, and set even before the members of the Government the loftiest example of personal bearing in view of the arduous duties incident to their position. In the name of the President and each member of the Cabinet, I return you and your directory, individually and collectively, our sincere and undivided thanks. The Quartermaster-General will receive instructions to communicate with you in detail. I have the honor to be, with consideration and respect, your obliged and obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

SAVANNAH, April 24, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

One of our correspondents in Glasgow has an iron clipper British ship of 800 tons now at Halifax, Nova Scotia. We are authorized to order her to Savannah if we will guarantee a return freight of cotton with dispatch to England, where she is immediately required. Although Halifax is not the cheapest place to buy provisions, they can be had much cheaper there than here, and we propose leaving to-morrow for Halifax in person, filling her with beef, pork, and fish for account of the Southern Confederacy, and charging nothing for our labor, provided you will guarantee the owners of the ship against all losses by detention growing out of seizure, blockade, or being ordered off to other ports if unable to enter this river. The papers for the provisions would be made out in our name as British subjects. We on our part would guarantee the ship a full cargo of cotton. Answer by telegraph.

ANDREW LOW &amp; CO.

[Indorsement.]

The above is in every respect reliable, and in my judgment important.

F. S. BARTOW.

NEW ORLEANS, April 24, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

I hope to be able to send one regiment complete on Saturday, if not before.

THO. O. MOORE.

[APRIL 24 and 25, 1861. -For Flournoy to Walker, in relation to arms for a regiment from Arkansas, see Series I, VOL. I, p. 688.]

RALEIGH, April 24, 1861.

Hon. L. P. WALKER:

You shall have from 1,000 to 10,000 volunteers in a few days, with arms, and I wish them to go as State troops. Many of our men will

