
MONTGOMERY, ALA., April 25, 1861.

General W. H. T. WALKER,

Augusta, Ga.:

It would give me pleasure to be able to answer your question, but I cannot. My requisitions are made upon the Governor, and all troops come in through him.

L. P. WALKER.

[APRIL 25, 1861. -For correspondence between Walker and Ellis, in regard to procuring arms from the Fayetteville Arsenal, see Series I, VOL. I, p. 487. For other correspondence between the Governor of North Carolina and the Secretary of War, from April 25, 1861, to April 12, 1862, relating to raising, equipping, and keeping in the field the troops from that State, see Series I, VOL. LI, Part II, pp. 33,195,203,274,367,371,472,474,536.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, SOUTH CAROLINA,

April 25, 1861.

Hon. Mr. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: I received your telegram yesterday as to the purchases of supplies-bacon, flour, &amp;c. -in which you say you have ordered them and that they will be sent to us in three weeks. I will order a requisition of what may be necessary made out and inclose it to you, so that you may know what to send us, and we will calculate on getting it certain by three weeks. I have laid in supplies for four or five weeks now, and one reason why I telegraphed you was that we might not come into competition in purchasing the same articles in the same markets unnecessarily. I have about 10,000 troops in actual service with those sent to Virginia. I have two regiments in Columbia, at a healthy position, training and equipping-about 2,200 men. I have also two more regiments in reserve near this city for the same purpose, and four on the islands in and near the harbor. Two of those on the islands and the two near the city I propose to move back on the railroads after a few days into more healthy locations-at Florence, on the North Carolina side, and at Aiken, on the Georgia side-and there to form a camp, ready to await any orders you may send. These have all been ordered at the special requisition of General Beauregard and shall not be moved without his express sanction. It strikes me, as I have them out now, the best thing is to train them to camp and field duty at once and equip them. This is the reason I propose to encamp them for a few weeks longer. I hope in these arrangements I have your approbation, as I desire to do nothing but what is acceptable to the Confederate Government. Not being at all informed as to what are the plans of the campaign or what are the general outlines of civil policy to be pursued, I am endeavoring to uphold and advance what I suppose to be the general interests and policy of the Confederate States; but you will be so good as to make any suggestions you think proper to make, after consulting the President, and it will afford me great pleasure to follow whatever line of policy you may have adopted. I am not particularly informed as to the course of Virginia and North Carolina, and do not know whether

